user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,244770,13627706,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,American Vro,"My first StarMade Experience:1st-2nd hours:I get on the server (redshift). I am so damn overwhelmed by the cool spawn and spaceships docked there. I have no idea of what to do, so I request help from a fellow player. One thing leads to another, and I am now in this guy's faction. its just the guy, his friend, and me. He surprisingly has about six ships, 2 for mining, one with a jump drive, a few fighters, and some other huge ship with unknown purpose,also a space station orbiting a terraformed planet. Guy teaches me the basics, and then logs off. You can not blame me for wanting to try out the stuff. First I try building my own ship, a core, a power supply and a thruster, and I realize the ship is simple and fast. I land on the planet. I forget to press shift. ship flies off even with me getting out of it. I'm stranded in the planet. SHEEEEIIIIT. I start mining blocks, and build a pilar trying to reach the space station. I am successful, and get back on.3rd Hour:I now am familiar with the basic controls of the game (I took a while to get used to the controls of this one). I am curious, so I decide to take the warpship for a spin. The jumpdrive jumps about 8 sectors per jump. I start charging and jumping all over the universe,the setting is relaxed, I'm listening to some slow trance,and I am actually having a lot of fun exploring. Suddenly I see another station. ""I should dock there"" I thought. As I arrive near the foreign station my systems begin to fail, and I start getting blasted. I mean BLASTED by lazers and projectiles of all sorts. The ship is dead. THE SHIP IS ♥♥♥♥ING DEAD!!! THE GUY IS GONNA KILL ME!!!!!! How would I look him in the eyes, the one person who helped me out, who took me under his wing, I was ashamed. I managed to find my way back to my faction's station, and about half hour later the faction leader who took me in logged on. oshitoshitoshitoshitosheeit. First thing he asks me: ""hey man, have you seen the jumpship, you know the one that looks kind of like a satellite?"" ""Y-yes I s-s-aw s-someone stealing it"". He looked at me, then he kicked me out of the faction, and blew me back to spawn.10/10 would steal a jumpship and lie about it again"
76561198099635950,Recommended,244770,14334095,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Tommy Potato,"On my daily game browsing, I was looking for anything interesting. I came across this game. This is one of the coolest games I have ever played. Some people say this is a Space Engineers clone...it is not. And I am sure (Idk who or why) someone has called this a Minecraft clone...GOD no. (It's in space, come on now.) I will break this up into different sections, with a TL;DR at the end, as well as a section for those who read the whole thing! Thank you.ONE MORE THING: The demo unlocks the whole game for free. The developer said it will stay that way until it goes out of early access, and that buying it is mainly just to support development.Why it is awesome:1. Customization. You can build any kind of ship you want. A ship for transporting things, a ship for mining, a fighter, a massive battle ship, a mining ship with salvage beams (Those are beams that mine for you. SO you shoot at something, it being an ore, rock, or even parts of another ship or station) or any combination of all. (This is not all, of course)2. Fighting. The fighting is incredible and fun, and fast paced action. It is like a Star Wars battle. You can have your fleet of 20 ships versus another player's fleet of 20 ships or against Space Pirates, or in single player, you versus a bunch of pirates (Idk yet if you can have computer controlled fighting allies in singleplayer) The complex weapons systems are for a whole other part of the review.3. The complex weapons systems. There is the basic cannons, lasers, and missiles, and they are fun and damaging. You can make the cannons and any other weapon touch each other to make 1 very damaging weapon, or you can space them out to have many of that weapon firing at once. Here is where it gets complex. You can combine weapons. *SPOILER HERE* So you can combine the cannon and the missile to make a shotgun like weapon on your ship. *SPOILER END* Cool right? And there are over 80 combinations (so I have read). So lots of fun to be had with weapons. (And don't be afraid to stack them up a ton. If you have the weapons available, and the power available, make some crazy weapons systems.)4. NPCs. This is where Space Engineers is lacking so far, but will have them in the future. There are, like I said, Space Pirates. They have killed me many times. But if you have the power and the numbers, fight them back and steal from them and you shall be granted rich reward...so I assume. There are also NPCs at some shops.5. Shops. You can go to a shop and buy anything in the game. You need a lot of money for many things, but you can get a lot of money fairly easy with the right knowledge of what is really valuable, like ores and glass. (More fun with shops later in the review)6 Space Stations. You can do a lot of the same stuff with stations that you can do with ships. I am not sure what it has weapons wise, but I am sure there are good things with that. I know there are turrets. Automated turrets and controllable I think. Very customizable. To make a space station though, you need 1,000,000 credits. Which tbh, isn't that bad. I saw one guy get like 2 million credits from selling a bunch of salvaged (collected) glass. And with a faction you can claim a station as yours and make it invulnerable to damage and stealing. It also makes any docked ships invulnerable too. So griefers aren't a problem with this HAHA!7. Factions. You can make a faction and build on faction points with players to join it (Idk if npcs can join or not), taking over sectors and systems, defeating enemies, and so on. With a faction you can claim a space station and make it invulnerable to damage and stealing. And you can claim a whole system as your territory. Again, there are 128 x 128 x 128 (I think) sectors in a system, so that is a TON of space as yours. With a faction, you can also make your own shops! You can price items how you want, decide what is on your market, and sell things to other players, and maybe even npcs. (You may not need a faction, you may only need a space station to make a shop. I can't remember) And with a faction you can keep growing your territory until you take over everything MUAHAHAHAHAHHAHA! (Not even kidding though)8. Build mode/Advanced build mode. Who doesn't love a good build mode for easy ship/station construction? With regular build mode you can do all the basic stuff like placing/deleting blocks, flying, sped up flying, connecting blocks and groups, and all that stuff. With advanced build mode, you can use symmetry (For precise building), copy/pasting/saving pieces of ships or stations as templates, mass building with placing up to 10 blocks in every axis at a time (So you can build a 10 x 10 x 10 cube with one click), rotating blocks, and a few other things. So very fun and easy to use. Makes for easy building of a massive ship.9. Jump drives/Warp gates. *SPOILER HERE* The jump drives and warp gates are a great way to get around fast, but you need alot of power. With a jump drive, you can ""jump"" up to 8 sectors away. With warp gates, (I think) you can warp up to 128 sectors away. So very convenient.10. Asteroids, planets, stars, stations. These are all procedurally generated. Very cool.Now, for the cons. However, some of these are personal opinions and may not matter to you.1. *PERSONAL OPINION* This game has blocks, not voxels. Sometimes I prefer voxels instead of blocks because realistic smooth surface terrain is cool, but it is not a big deal, this game is still great.2. Memory issues. I have noticed a lot of people having memory issues where it gets very laggy and a message pops up in game and says you are running low on memory, and to increase the max and min memory in the launcher, you can edit the memory settings like it says, but some people still get the issue. I have fixed it for the most part, but some people can't. Maybe the devs will fix this or optimize it.Other than these, that's all I got for the cons. Great right? lolNow, this section is WHY it is NOT a clone of Space Engineers.1. It is blocks, not voxels.2. It has planets, stars (Stars that you can actually go to and burn up and die, not just the background sun), sectors, systems, and galaxies.3. It ALREADY has NPCs, I know SE will have them, but this game already does.4. It has customizable weapons and complex combination systems.5. It has more than just 1 type of metal block. Just saying lol.6. Build mode/advanced build mode.7. More content with factions (SO FAR).*Don't get me wrong, I still love and play Space Engineers, but I wanted to clear this up for people who think this is a clone because it most certainly is not**ONE MORE THING BEFORE WE WRAP THIS UP* It is still early access (For those who don't know what that means), it is still being developed, it will change, get worse, get fixed, get better, and maybe even become something different.*TL;DR*Now, for the people who didn't feel like reading all of that, here is a basic summary:It is an incredibly fun game with many unique features, and very few bugs that I have noticed. Not many cons at all, and I suggest this to any person. STILL early access so things will change, get worse, get fixed, get better and maybe even become something different. NOT a clone of Space Engineers. (I covered that in the above section)*FOR THOSE WHO READ THE WHOLE THING*Thanks for taking the time to read and I hope you found this helpful. :)"
76561198103394373,Recommended,244770,13627210,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Felldrake,"If you ever wanted to play Eve Online, but did not want to spend years of your life mining for other players to build big ships. If you ever looked at the sky while playing Minecraft and said ""I want more.."". If you ever wanted to go where no man has gone before, create a galactic Empire more vast that the Imperium of Man, or create an intersteller Jihad that claims more worlds than the war started by Paul Atredies, then THIS is the game for you."
,Recommended,244770,13252172,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,bunpro,"After creating ""La Scrubs"" faction with a friend, we built a ship with a hyper-drive to fly to a randomly generated quadrant of the galaxy, found and took over a space station then took apart our old ship, attatched the hyper-drive to the space station, and used the newly adapted space-ship-station to fly into a partially loaded planet. The planet, which had not loaded in properly, now had a gigantic space station sticking out of it! Unfortunately the planet's core is a stationary object, so we couldn't use the hyper-drive to fly the space-ship-station-planet into a moon. :("
,Not Recommended,244770,19538498,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Asvarduil,"Once upon a time...no, wait, never mind.  I'm still bulding the U.S.S Defiant.StarMadeis a block-buildy gameIn Space!The best way to explain it to people is, to start by imagining MineCraft.  Now, take your awesome castle, and put thrusters and guns on it.  That's StarMade...only, it's notquiteas engaging, even about seven months after my original review.Some changes have happened, including a price hike to $14.99.  Thus, I'm taking the extra hours I've played in the intervening months into account, and doing a re-review.  Has it improved?  Well...you will see.What WorksFirst, the visuals have improved greatly from my prior review, and the game overall looks pretty nice.  You can build some neat ships and stations.  The Pentas/Tetras/Corners allow for somewhat blocky re-builds of your favorite Sci-Fi ships, or your own custom creations.  Some recent texture updates from the developers have made good ships look even better!Performance is also improved to the point where the game is at least playable on medium-grade machines.  This was a critical problem for me in my previous review, but the developers deserve credit for working to make the game behave more efficiently.  Good job there!The UI has improved a lot in seven months too.  There are some issues with resizing individual windows, but the game is easily understandable via the UI, and gives you most of the tools you need to build ships, which is the game's primary mechanic.  The secondary mechanic, shooting stuff with your ship, is also well-accounted for, with shield, structural HP, and armor HP being presented well.  There are some placeholders about, as this game is still in development, but progress is being made.  I'm sure seven months in the future, the UI will be a lot better than it already is, and I look forward to that.What Doesn't WorkBefore I get to anything heavy, I have to talk about the crafting system.  The crafting system is OK in a survival setting, and some much-needed tuning has happened...but ultimately, to make a decent ship, you needa lotof blocks, because in this game, bigger ship = better.  There's additional problems with that that we will get to, but the crafting system as it stands actually hampers the process of doing the main thing that you should be doing in a game about building starships:actually building starships.To solve this, the crafting UI and system needs a pretty massive interface revamp, and some thought should be taken to all the 'wasted' blocks about, things like plantlife that could be leveraged to make more interesting builds.  It's as if the developers started off by copying MineCraft, then at some point decided, ""oh yeah, the point of this game is to make ships!""Next, there's a problem with how the shipbuilding mechanics in this game are balanced, specifically:anyship you make is a fighter.  You don't need crews to tend to large ships.  You just need your ship to be bigger than an enemy's, because a bigger ship fits more systems in it, and systems are what cause you to win fights, eat asteroids or planets, or whatever.  The recent Cargo system that was released yesterday will help prevent planet-eating miners from being quite as big of a problem as they were prior to this (good luck fitting a planet in your cargo holds), but those of you wondering whether or not to buy into this game should know that, especially in multiplayer, the shipbuilding mechanic is unfairly weighted towards building big ships; smaller ships are thus forced out of niches that are realistic, such as bombers/interceptors.As big of problems as those points are, there was one critical problem in my prior review, thatthere's nothing really to do, no reason to actually build a ship.This one, big, critical, overarching problem persists to this day, and it makes the entire game, all the well-crafted bits,completely pointless.There are some feeble attempts to remedy this - specifically a ""race gate"" minigame setup was added to the game in a more recent release.The reason I say, ""there is nothing to do in StarMade"", is tied more specifically to two things.In Single-Player, there's really nothing to explore.  StarMade randomly generates universes, but other than finding slightly different ores on planets, you may as well not bother.  There are randomly generated space stations too, but do they reward anything?  Not really, unless you salvage the station.  In StarMade, you'll soon discover one thing: due to how the Crafting system works (above),it's generally better to avoid conflict altogether, or your lovingly-crafted spaceship will cease to be, and you will have to grind out a new ship.In Multi-Player, it gets worse.  The Faction system in StarMade is...well, a faction system.  Ideally, players pool their resources to create fleets, stations, and stuff, thus providing a natural objective for PvP.  Sounds great, right?  Unfortunately, due to not designing the Faction system to account for humanity's darker impulses, the only way to secure anything you own, is to create a one-man faction, and set a planet or space station as the home base...rendering the systems inoperable by non-guildmembers, and storage secure.  In this way, your stuff is safe from griefing, and as far as I can tell, it's the way the game is designed to be played.  That's well and good...except that's not really the point of a Faction, now is it?.The way I suggest for the developers to fix StarMade's pointlessness is two-fold.First, there needs to be a meaningful progression that doesn't come out of your workbenches.  You should have to explore, and give exploration some meaning besides ""where are the ores?""  If you want to create a civilian ship, ask yourself: why create a civilian ship?  Trade, mining, and ferrying come to mind.  Those are some great candidates for randomized quests that can be rewarded with blocks, money, or useful ship blueprints.  For that matter -make the premade ships not suck so much!Existing ships can serve a great purpose - teaching new players the nuances of StarMade's shipbuilding mechanics.  In this way, players build better, interesting ships, which forges a stronger community and makes PvP more reasonable as an implicit objective.Next,you have to fix factions.  Single-player factions destroy the fun of multiplayer in this game.  My suggestion is for players to have 'personal home' blocks that can be used to secure a personal space on a station or planet against anyone who's not them; all chests/cargo areas in that are similarly preserved.  Similarly, creating a faction should require a party of at least two people.  The home-base constraint can still apply, and should.   The game needs better in-faction control to help Factions defend against spies and ne'erdowells.As long as players make single-person factions, your multiplayer is broken.You're just putting single-player on a multi-player server.The TL;DRI have a love-hate relationship with this game.  On the one hand, Ireally dolike building starships.  On the other, this game is less of a ""game"" in the ""you can win or lose"" sense, and more of a starship building simulator.  The price of the game was increased to $14.99 from $9.99...I see nothing that justifies this price hike.As a result, I emphaticallydo notrecommend purchasing StarMade.This game will be fun, possibly for weeks, until you begin to see the legion of flaws and the fact that this game is a simulator.  $14.99 is how muchcompletedindie games cost on Steam; this game is neither completed, nor sufficiently fun enough to bear that price tag."
,Not Recommended,244770,29426996,Posted: 22 January,all,RedAlert_007,"""Starmade has become the exact thing that early access is infamous for. Good luck marketing your game 1-2 years down the line when it has a 6 year reputation of being a buggy broken mess.Go play avorion, take a look at how those build tools feel. Go spend a few hours in empyrion, see how the survival mechanics work. Go play starpoint gemini warlords, see how well fleet mechanics work. There is no defending Starmade when you compare it to games that work.""-Comr4de, StarMade Veteran and former member of StarMade's ""Council of Intergalactic Representatives""The simple observation that a lot of white knights/fanboys are roaming this games reviews and mass disliking any review that speaks bad of this game speaks volumes about the community of this game.UPDATE 1: I have noted that a lot of the usual fanboys of this game are commenting on bad reviews claiming they are invalid because they amount to ""Its bad"" yet the very same players are upvoting and praising reviews that simply amount to ""Its good""UPDATE 2: On May 16, 2017 the developers have announced they will be completely rewriting the building system in ships in a system they call ""Ship Systems 2.0"" I feel this to be a testemony to the incompetance of the developers of this game, 6 years of development and they decide to completely change the gamenowof all times? Worth noting that the devs in charge of NPC assets had not even finished the NPC faction stations using the current system when this was announced. Now the developers will need to completely remake every single NPC and AI asset, which they have demonstrated their inability to do so in the past from their regular streams. You would think Schine would use systems 2.0 as an oppurtunity to make a new engine that could handle the scale of building it is advertised at, but apparently not.UPDATE 3: On July 5, 2017 yet another veteran StarMade player and former StarMade Council member Comr4de has quit StarMade and declared he would no longer support this games development (if you can even call it a game at this point) I wonder who is next?Comr4de has written up an excellent post that summarised the current state of the game on StarMadeDock, you can find said post here:https://starmadedock.net/threads/devblog-27th-june-2017.29185/page-2#post-343544As for the game itself:Pros:Easily the best building system in any voxel based game I have seen recentlyHaving now played Avorion I can no longer stand by this statement, the building system in Avorion is essentialy a better version of StarMade's building systemMore voxel shapes for you to chose from and the ability to change the dimensions of said shapes (in StarMade every shape is the same size and the only way to make a ""bigger wedge"" is to place multiple wedges) combined with the ability to disable the snap grid and completely freebuild is something that StarMade's building system cannot compare too.The possibilities presented by StarMades logic system are endlessCons:PvP is a mess, extreme weapon and combat system inbalance combined with the idea that bigger ships will always win make for unfun experience.The engine created by Schine cannot handle combat on any scale unless the server is running on top of the line hardware that most server owners do not have the budget to maintain, especialy considering there are not enough players left in the game to run a server off donations.PvE is practicaly nonexistant, the NPC update did take a step in the right direction but PvE is pretty much going to pirate stations and AFK farming them with logic activated missile+missile weapons. Also worth mentioning that the NPC update has been a responsible factor in causing server wide instability on servers to the point where the world had to be wiped and the NPC factions had to be disabled.Mining and industry is a massive bordem simulator and nobody is interested in buying from other players and prefer to make everything for themselves, playing as a merchant or an industry corperation/faction is simply not practical or fun unless you are on an enforced roleplay server. Worth noting that any servers that encourage/enforce roleplay are empty 99% of the timeThe developers and the a large amount of the players would rather reject and/or insult people who are critical of the game then take on these criticisms or make valid arguments as to why they are wrong.The games popularity and people actually playing the game are on a downward trend.Resources in survival multiplayer are far to common, there is no reason to leave your home system to mine, you can quite literaly survive and thrive on only a fraction of the resources avaliable in a single system, keep in mind that the ""spawnpoint galaxy"" alone has hundreds of systems like this.Information collection in open systems is far to scarce, the game gives you almost no ability to find other players to interact with.The one galaxy where you spawn alone is huge, which is both a blessing and a curse if you are playing on multiplayer. The game does not have enough players on servers to justify having such a large area to play in, with the amount of players on servers, the universe feels extrememly empty, especialy coupled with the fact that the universe itself has very little features with actual meaning.The universe you play in is bleak, boring and is almost completely empty. There is not much to explore or see. The only fun to be had in multiplayer is interaction with other players.Engine is eternaly locked in single threaded java as the lead developer is not willing to make any changes to the engine he created.The developers refuse to give players the oppurtunity to fix their own game, several talented java coders exist within the community but Schine rejects any suggestion of allowing these coders to make ""unoficial patches"" or mods.It should be noted that this review is based on more than 4 years of playing this game, having 500 hours in the steam client and thousands more in the standalone launcher, I have participated in almost every form of gameplay this game has to offer in addition to seeing many faces of this community come and go for reasons similar to my own, namely Mushroom Fleet, ToasterBorst and Comr4de.EDIT: I should have probably mentioned that while this game is in alpha development stage (which is a common excuse used by the roaming white knights to justify the games problems) this game has been in this alpha stage for 6 years, only recently have they decided to completely replace the old system mechanics which they had not even finished developing for the old one prior to this change.Also, the ""its an alpha game"" excuse becomes null and void when you compare it to other games in the same development stage as StarMade that actually work, see the quote at the top of this page."
76561198056421095,Recommended,244770,17502128,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,bagaznal,"I highly recommend this game to any and everybody that likes Sci-Fi Space themed action games and also has a knack for Minecraft. You'll find that you can literally do ANYTHING of your choosing in this game, and honestly of all the alpha games I have ever played, this feels almost like something beyond a complete game, with the exception of a few bugs. A warning to someone that just starts this game: You'll NEED to look up tutorials, and you'll NEED to use the wiki. (I recommend Starmadepedia). I'll summarize my expierience thus far.Started Playing GameDid TutorialBuilt a Crappy ShipCombines a post I saw on steam + Some new found knowledge and made a Mining ShipSpent upwards of 2 hours mining a small area of asteroidsSold the minerals to the local shopBought a faction module to find a place to settle and claimBought a Space StationClaimed a System after building a small stationMade a goal to be able to mine Asteroids in secondsDid more MiningMore MiningUpgraded Ship to the point it could easily eat an asteroid in a minute or lessRead a Post that said you could blow up planetsMade the ambitous goal to mine away entire planets and then blow them up (Or vice versa)More MiningSetup factories that were super efficient (You can increase factory outputs with Factory Enchancers)Built a whole bunch of parts to add on to my systemLearned about Cannon Computers to Salvage ComputersUpgraded my systemCould now mine entire planets, but not destroy themLearned about Nuke MissilesMade a system with a Pulse Module Slaved to a Missile Module for Nukes compiling a 2.3k block arrayLearned that my nuke used way to much powerDid a bunch of swearingTripled my power storage and reactor setup to accomadate my nuke setupMore swearing because it couldn't accomadate the setupDoubled the reactor and power setup again, along with adding Lasers and CannonsFinally was able to launch nukesBlew up a worldLagged out the ServerGot back on ServerStarted raiding a nearby Pirate StationSlowly built up ship till it could take out Pirate StationStarted helping newbies with newbie issuesBlew up another world and mined all its contents to impress said newbiesThis was about 2 days worth a play time total,  and I did not regret a single second of it :)"
,Recommended,244770,14956571,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,thehumanslayer12,"VERY GREAT GAME**Before anyone says anything about ""You only have 19 hours and you're saying you played 7 days,"" I came on for a least a hour or two every each of these days, however when the war broke out; it lasted 4-6 hours.****EDIT 2**In regards to my prestine base, I actually just crashed my Ex-Starship, ""Interstellar X,"" into my planet causing everything to go kaboom. Server crashed, end of story.**EDIT 1**Summary 2: In my opinion guys, this is by far the most thrilling, most intriguing game you will EVER play on Steam. ***** Space Engineers, give StarMade a try! I gaurantee you, it's worth every penny.Day 30: The Void has now become the most largest fleet in the entire server (server is remaining hidden, if you find us, hehehe :P). The Void now controls over 90 Sectors in several galaxies and is the heart of the SOS Network. With over 78 fleet members, we are controlling to largest vessal known as the ""Void Battlecruiser Mk. XII."" With this strong vessal at hand, it holds a crew of 50 and cargo capacity of over 1 million blocks (Standard NDAs apply :3). Being the fleet's first commanding officer, I resign to other duties in another galaxy. Where I live a happy life in my prestine starbase (which saddly blew up because of a reactor meltdown :( )Day 1: Was a complete noob, downloaded several ships from the forums, just to see what it was like.Day 2: Joined a server, made new friends, and created a dream.Day 3: Mining starts, we set out to get several thousands of minerals.Day 4: Space Station bought, now heavy armor production begins; shield systems online, advanced anti-ship weaponry online.Day 5: Production of S.O.S. BattleShip, The Void, begins. More additions to Space Station.Day 6: War comes alive; multiple squads of highly suited pirates are approaching, we respond by sending 2 squadrons (of 4 ships each) to attack the hostile parties. While our fleet is attacking the pirates, I am aboard the Fleet Space Station, initiating Emergency Protocol Omega when I see Alpha Squad has been blown to bits. 4 more Squads of pirates come up on radar, the Station is now in red alert, warp gates are firing up for our last ditch effort. Shields are down to 75% and dropping fast, Bravo Squad is fleeing from the Station. Shields are now down to 69%, warp gates are at 85% charge, I quickly launch our Escape Pod Protocol, everybody aboard the Station is now aboard the only highly advanced pod we had. The warp gates are now ready to teleport, Escape Pod 1 is entering transit, all our advanced anti-ship weaponry are covering their taxi towards the gate. My fleet are shouting at me to come aboard quick, when I realize I am the only one keeping them from death. I am the last stand against the threat, Escape Pod 1 is now entering the warp gate, any time now they will be safe, sectors away from the threat. Shields are now at 27%, we just lost power as soon as Escape Pod 1 enters the warp gate. With power at criticly low levels, I initiate the emergency shielding systems, when ... another fleet arrives!? This can't be, our neighboring fleet has come to the rescue! With over 8 squadrons of advanced fighters, they broke out a very thrilling war. With Anti-Ship guns firing at the pirates and our neighboring fleet to the rescue, power is coming back online on the Station. The Void Space Station is now fully operational, with her crew at Echo Base. The pirates are fleeing from the battlefield, we've defeated them! Thanks to the help if our neighbors, our Space Station is forever safe.Day 7: We have completed the S.O.S. BattleShip TheVoid. Space Station Alpha has been upgraded extensively. Anti-Ship weaponry has been refitted with even more advanced weaponry.Summary: Oh, my, god."
,Recommended,244770,13230468,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,mindlord0013,"Don't be fooled by the number of hours played on Steam. I've been a longtime supporter of StarMade, and have played hundreds of hours before the Steam release.StarMade is a sci-fi voxel based sandbox game.If I had to pick a game that it feels similar to, I would say Minecraft. There is a comparable level of addictivness, as well as a somewhat greater level for truly amazing creations.Simply put, StarMade is really, really good. In it's current state, the schine team are working hard on bugfixes, rebalancing, and adding awesome new content. There will be builds that change the balance of ships, so you will need to redo some ship systems entirely.---------------+ building is simple and easy to master+ there is crafting, so you can start with nothing on the surface of a planet and work your way up+ in-depth faction system+ community makes some fantastic things+ logic system has unlimited potential (like redstone but better)+ visually stunning+ game is made for multiplayer, and handles it just as well as singleplayer+ constant optimization and bugfixes from devs---------------- Not a finished product- Still in development, there will be bugs, there will be changes you won't like immediately. You just need to deal with it and be patient.---------------FEATURES:> Practically infinite universe> Ship building, station building> Solar systems> Suns, Planets, Asteroids> Black holes and wormholes> Warp Gates and Jump Drives> Logic system> Factions> others I can't think of right nowPLANNED/UPCOMING FEATURES:> Creatures> Quests> Better Ai"
,Recommended,244770,16069909,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,mei,"I've been playing this game for awhile before it hit steam so my hours might be a bit skewed.  I'm gonna list some features I like below, and as the game grows I will add onto this list, and other things.-Liked Features -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------People don't move or skit around when on ships. This is a big one, and a lot of space building games have players glitching or even getting stuck in walls becuase they don't treat the ship as a anchor.-Much like an open world game. If you see it you can probably go to it. This game blows my mind on how expansive it is. You see that red dot in the distance? Thats a star, you can go there. That yellow dot? Another star. Seriously this game is crazy with this stuff and it blows my mind.-Populated servers. If you haven't played on a server yet do it. Great expierence.-Movable Asteroids. Its just fun to push them around, or even use them for cover.-Block Variety. This is another big one for me becuase its real nice to have a large list of blocks just to build nice looking ships with.-Advanced & Basic building. You can go very advanced with building in this game to get the most efficiency out of ships, or you can go basic, and get a alright ship.-Logic Systems. Probably one of the best things a building game can include, absolutely amazing!-Planets. You can even orbit them, or mine them out! Seriously planets are amazing they even have there own axis of rotation.-Wormholes. You can travel throughout the galaxy on wormholes.-Pirates. While they variety is lacking in the base vanilla game, you can add in your own Custom Pirates into the game.-PVP. Great expierence this one its fun watching two giant frigates battle it outside a planet.-Weapon Combinations. Probably one of my favourite features. Being able to combine a Rocket with a Cannon to make a shotgun is just the best.-Breaching. It was done alright fun as all hell though.-Shipyards. Absolutely amazing. Although I don't use it much its really fun to see a friend dock his        ship into our base.- Great Tutorial. Gotta say helped me out a bunch!~Developers + Support Team~ --------------------------------------------------------------------- While I am not a developer my self I will say that they probably have one of the best support teams and dev's I have seen in early acess. I reported a bug about a wormhole spawning in my spawn when I first got the game and within a day it was on the bug tracker and my issue fixed! The developers also keep frequent updates, and are amazingly active on the forums.- The demo is the full game. This is amazing for early access you are giving players a chance to play the game, and see if they want to support you! Great move on the creators.- If you are gonna do early acess this is how you do it right!~Servers~ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ My expierence with servers have been fun. If you are gonna play starmade you absolutely gotta do it in a server. The game normally feels empty in singleplayer but in multiplayer servers usually add there own custom pirates, and tons of players populate the game! Seriously give this a shot.~Community~- Probably one of the friendliest communities I have ever met! Seriously they are a major help and I suggest you visit the forums here. ""http://starmadedock.net/forums/""~Some bad things~ -------------------------------------------------------------------------A review isn't a review without some bad things. The game is still early acess so I won't really put bug complaints here.(This list may grow)- Windows block out some things. Not sure if this is a bug or intended, but you cannot see the sun, planets cores, and missiles through certain pieces of glass. If this was intended maybe instead of blocking out all particles like that you can just dim them.*~~~~~~* ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,244770,13575426,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,accident,"BUY THIS GAME.I'm writing this review at the end of 2014, and I must say that StarMade turned out to be a bit of a dark horse contender for my personal GOTY (and that's going up against amazing games like Shadow of Mordor, DA: I, and Endless Legend). I've had more fun with it than I ever had with Minecraft, despite the obvious similarities between the two games. I find myself thinking about StarMade when I'm at work, plotting out new ship designs and planning raids on other factions. I cannot recommend this game highly enough.So what's the appeal? Why is StarMade so great?For me, the answer is that it fulfills the promises of games like Space Engineers, Eve, STO, and even legendary franchises like the X series. It is one of the first sci-fi games I've ever played that strikes a perfect balance between space combat, ground combat, ship design, strategy, and a vibrant in-game economy. The game is still early-access, and this is somewhat obvious at times (particularly on planets, which currently do not spawn pregenerated structures or mobs), but there's just so damned much to DO - particularly if you're playing online - that you'll rarely care.One of the most appealing aspects of the game is ship and station design. You'll start off floating in the void of space, somewhere near the center of a proc-gen galaxy. You have 25, 000 credits and some basic building components, which can be used to make a large fighter, or, more likely, a small, all-purpose vessel. Whatever you decide, every single aspect of the design is up to you. Want a donut-shaped ship? Do it! Want to fly Moya, the Galactica, or the USS Enterprise? It'll be expensive, but it's totally doable. Want turbolifts between decks, drone racks, or a tractor beam? Build the right components and you can install them anywhere you want on your ship. Be careful though, because every block you place serves an important purpose - and every block can be destroyed. This means you can lose gravity partway through a fight, potentially jettisoning your friends into the void of space. Or perhaps the logic that controls your turbolifts will go down, trapping you on the command deck until repairs can be made. StarMade is, IMO, the most complex and well-executed science-fiction simulator available, with its infinite possibilities offering countless moments of drama, terror, and triumph.I could keep raving about how great this game is, but, well, I kinda want to play it instead. I HIGHLY recommend that anyone who's a fan of sci-fi or sandbox games give the game a whirl. Trust me, the $10 or so that they're asking for is an absolute steal."
76561197969018409,Recommended,244770,14878608,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Amaetore,"Want to build a borg cube and conquer the universe? Sure. You can do that.Want to build the rubber duckie empire, with eye-laser-firing ducks for ships? You can do that.You want to mine? You can do that.You want to kill a planet/person/npc/base? You can do that.You want to get married?Sorry, you don't have time for a wife now. Starmade is your wife."
76561198093540693,Recommended,244770,13245545,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Divine Weapon,"Don't let my paltry game play time fool you, I've played at least a hundred hours of this game prior to it coming to steam. It was great. Sure, it is technically in the development phase even now, but if you are curious of whether to purchase this game or not, I would have to say it is likely worth the buy considering the following:1. Final version will likely be much more expensive, so buy it now to support it's development and get it cheap!2. Despite the level of development, there is so much to do. Seriously, people are still posting versions of famous starships rebuilt for starmade while others create their own original ships.3. The community is fantastic! If you have the ability to, you should try setting up a server for you and your friends.Lastly, many of the complaints I have heard of this game are technical in nature and have been already fixed as of this review. There is only one complaint I have worth mentioning and that is the fact that the system requirements are probably a little higher than listed here. I have a good setup beyond what is required here, but I have to turn down the settings to play this game without issue. I do not believe this game to be as poorly optimised as minecraft, but it definitely can slow down or screw up if you do not alter the settings. Even so, this flaw can be ignored as this game is already becoming a nearly perfect addition to the indie game market.Definitely a must own for any creative mind.LET ME ADD MORE TO THIS REVIEW! as of 11/24/2016:I cheated on Starmade with Space Engineers for a while. I was foolish. Sure, Space Engineers may be prettier, but it is a shallow and hollow husk of what Starmade is.I began hanging out again with my main lady, Starmade recently. She didn't hold my terrible mistakes against me, and we have had plenty of fun since. Miss Starmade even had even been working out while I was gone, she's more attractive than ever, and even runs at a good bit faster of a pace than before. Starmade even has a few new tricks up her sleeve she learned while I was gone. Better yet, she's still learning and buffing up, so I know things between us will only get better.In the end, let me say that I respect Starmade for what she is, an expressive and fun individual with a quirky personality and plenty of love to share."
,Recommended,244770,13982496,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,PoweredUpPenguin,"So first thing I do when I get this game is jump onto multiplayer.Servers kinda quiet, so I make a tiny shuttle ship and head to the nearest planet.Planet bored me eventually so I mined it out and made a bigger ship.At this point random guy starts talking to me, one thing leads to another.I'm now flying his friend back to their home planet after he got stranded on a planet.More stuff happens, we make a faction.I start work on gigantic battleship thing with missile turrets the size of skyscrapers. (Ships can get really big in this game)Notice the pirate station nearby has been shooting down my friends and I engage with my battleship in an epic fight to destroy it.Pirate station blows up, but not before hitting my bridge with a missile while my shields were down, resulting in a spectacular explosion.Ship that took 1 day to build = gone.Me and friends log off the server to join some others and get into more space related mishap.10/10 Would blow my time on going down with an expensive battleship again"
,Recommended,244770,13689627,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,orange parking,"Let me tell you a story...I join a server almost straight after buying the game.Knowing nothing about the game, I am stunned at the sight of the beautiful spawn area.Docked ships here, players there..But one ship stands out.What is this? A 50 foot long, flying, missile shooting phallic object.""What the hell?"" I utter under my breath.""I see you're admiring my.. 'Ship'"" Pops up in the chatI'm screwed""It took me 40 hours to build, refine and polish.""What the actual f-""It's got an interesting design..."" I type.""Haha you're funny, wanna join my faction?""This is some shady stuff man.""No thanks, but thanks for the offer""""Aw thats too bad. got any friends on the server?""He asks""Uh no, just me"" I quickly reply.""Hah, then i feel no guilt in this..""He points it at me.♥♥♥♥♥And before i can even respond, i'm dead.I ragequit.I join another server and make a friend straight away, now i have my own sexy ship.10/10Would get blasted out of the universe again"
,Recommended,244770,13236132,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Jager MvM,"Awesome game ! (Only have a few  playing on Steam but I have 100+ hours before it came out on Steam).So in this game, you can discover hundreds  of planets and gather resources on them to build your dream space ship or your dream space station.You can construct massive spaceships in this game (more than 1000 hundred block of length) with automated turrets and others systems (cloaking/gravity/bombs/etc...).There are also some AI in the game (essantialy pirates vessels and space station) but the game keeps evolving and being more and more complete (for example planets weres just  discs before but now they are like 15 faces dices).Also, the game is really different than any other games and feels really unique.The game ""map"" is a ""real"" scale galaxy, in game you have a galaxy map with hundreds (thousands?) of systems with planets in them (or not, some are just composed of a star).Don't be afraid about being too far from someone, recently teleportation and starships jumps have been integrated ! (also wormholes can help you a little bit).So if you love building space things, space battles and exploration, you can jump on the game ! (even at full price)"
76561198054582889,Recommended,244770,26538928,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DWM,"I played this game many hours, and I mean, I played it a lot. I'm more than a year active on some servers now, and I had a lot of fun.But like every song, the fun comes slowly to an end, and it starts to bore me.When I played this game for the first time, it was the incredible possibilities that kept me hooked. Spaceships, small and big, stations... and thanks to the rail function and logic, I was busy for a while..I met many players, and build a lot. And we showed off with what we had.But there is an interesting problem. Starmade isn't an RTS where you can spawn ships like cheap cannon fodder for war. You put almost your soul in these ships, which makes you more reserved to battle against friend or foe. Especially big ships... which takes a lot of time and resources to build them... It isn't far-fetched to see some  players raged-quit after losing their capital ship....The planets are... not really interesting. Sometimes you find even an 'artefact'  on these planets and  they are very rare. But not good enough to explore the galaxy. After a while you will see them nothing more than as something to mine, and a message that you killed a lot of people (which is in my opinion still a dead planet if there's nothing that moves on it than only yourself) if you blow them up, shrugs you off  like something not important....They're too small to be important and interesting, and still too big, because they can often lag your computer...The only interesting thing in the galaxy are the players and even that starts to bore you, because the action is rare between them. You have some guys that like to grieve you, but that looks almost like the pinnacle of the game, really....Battle between ships is a problem too. Forget the small ships. They are just fodder. A battle is almost based on 1:1  system. The ship with the most (shield and shield regen) blocks (almost) wins. When you fight with two Battleships against one Titan, you can count on it that one battleship will be heavy damaged, probably will be destroyed...You can simply forget the epic battle with many small ships (5000-15000 blocks) against a Capital ship of almost 4 million blocks with an heavy shield. Even if you came with 80 (that will probably lags the server),  you will lose them, just because they have not enough fire-power and  a weak shield.  (the 10 second punishment time after losing your shield is just deadly for small ships)But that is just about ships and battle.What I really miss in this game is the reward system.  Why would I explore the galaxy if there are no hidden treasure or secrets? Why would I battle if there are no special rewards?It would be a dream, If I found a blueprint of a special block on a planet  that would give me an upperhand in battles, like a stronger shield block or power block and weapon. Or special ores for these blocks. Just think about that.They are working on AI factions now.... They just put new players in the field, but without an interesting reward system, they will bore you fast enough....I don't think the programmers will read this review, but you get the idea.Still, is this game worth it? I say yes, it's a great game for your creative dreams. But I can only hope that they don't forget an really good reward system then a cloud of blocks from pirates..., otherwise it will only be a building game...."
76561197978546580,Recommended,244770,18476450,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,lukwan,"I started off loving Starmade...then we broke up. Now I spend time thinking about maybe giving it a another shot. I got into the game just after the big graphical re-boot having played Minecraft for years and checking out every voxel based, procedurally generated game I could find. I trolled Greenlight and found many wanna be contenders but Starmade impressed me with it's vision of what it wants to be. Like any relationship we fall in love with what could be, an ideal, sometimes a projection we place onto the other. I am love with what Starmade is trying to be, but has not yet become.I lost interest for awhile when the docking update changed how turrets and ships dock. I was having a blast using the quirky old system to make a wide range of ships. The new system looks great and will solve many foibles and allow for a great variety of new designs. Just like with the Minecraft updates I got to enjoy a new game play each time Notch added something. Starmade is developing much the same way but because of it's own ambition each major update is quite disruptive. I have seen other early access wallow aimlessly, become abandoned or run off the rails in development. Starmade is doing none of these things. The danger, as I see it, is that Starmade may have trouble fulfilling it's grand ambitions.Yes this game has a learning curve and I had fun riding that curve. This is the gold-standard for a complex game. If the learning is fun; success, if it is tedious; go play a game more suited to your short attention-span. A simple game is easy to learn and may become boring. A game with depth and possibilities is going take time to master but will remain engaging.In it's current state (shipyards just released) Starmade is a very solid, playable early access game. There is a smattering of enemies to keep you improving your ship designs. There is no story arc yet but the ship-building is very polished. The Devs have built a proper foundation for an amazing game. It remains to be seen if they can build an engaging experience onto their ground-breaking mechanics while maintaining balance.Look elsewhere for the hate, I'm going to tell you what I love.>Design matters. Where you put modules and how you protect your ship will really make a difference. Lots of room for tactics, countermeasures and cool systems. My first death in the game was a suicide. I designed anti-personnel pulsers in the airlock. Two passes and you are still ok, the third pass: you're dead. (You can come in, look around and leave safely or... linger and die.) I died testing the system and laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off.>If you can dream it up you can build it. The first major ship I built was a salvage craft. I designed it to rescue shipwrecks. It was big and turned like a pig but fast and survivable. (I used it for daring rescue of a huge ship that got cored by pirates. It was an epic mission that left massive chucks missing from the old Flat-top but both vessels made it home intact. WooHoo)One of my favorites is the Tholian Enervater: a spider-themed hunter-killer. By design this craft can pursue a small fighter, slow it down using (web) multiple tractor beams (locking it in the crosshairs), rob it of power using (venom) an electro-mcGuffin ray and finally kill it. The theme of the spider worked both visually and tactically. Very Cool, good job Devs.I decided to make a Whale-ship that could swallow a pirate-craft whole and then eat it. It worked just as I had hoped. (Unfortunately collisions are unavoidable)I have stealth designs, a 'Tuttle-craft' for repairs, a surveyer/scout, a carrier/salvager, a mining ship with a huge beam.  = ]  Racing has just been introduced so now 'Tuning' will be a part of designing an efficient racer.> Hey, it's fun to fly too. Never mind the awesome build mode with simple and powerful symmetry & mirroring to reduce keystrokes... this is a very good space cockpit interface. Starmade features a huge number of elements introduced by previous space games but incorporates them well, often getting better results than its predecessors. It may not have the graphical grandeur of Klingon Academy but the systems controls are simple and easy to use in combat. After narrowly escaping from battle and badly damaged, I was able to reconfigure my systems and piece two non-functional weapons into one cobbled together mess of a gun (without going into build-mode). As I limped home I felt like Scotty, under an instrument panel with sparks flying, griping to the ham fisted captain who got us into this mess in the first place (oh, wait...that's me).Dog fighting is still a bit slow and not very dynamic with the current AI. I hope for more variation in their tactics besides ""Send more guys"".  Multiplayer servers often have custom pirates so there is lots of room for variety.>Potential. There's that dirty word again. With human crews for opponents in a more populated (by NPCs) world this game could be epic on a level beyond the average tired space-shooter game. It already has nailed the galactic map, shop-economy, building, flight control, and optimization. Read the developer's blog (Bench) to get a look at what is to come. The game updates every couple of weeks with new features, bug fixes and optimizations.>Powerful logic-driven systems. Think wireless redstone only more stable. Weapons with aux effects, electronic countermeasures and transporters. Shipyards to generate virtual designs and a BluePrint for your builds to save, share, upload, download & modify, all seamlessly.>Friendliest PvP I have ever seen in a game.>This game is better and more polished in it's Alpha state than many 'finished' releases I have bought.>Going into 2016 there has been a cargo and thruster update offering realistic, mass based acceleration and more thruster dynamics with user customizable settings. Fleets are set to add another dimension to the Meta-game. Slabs are expanding build-potential.For the earth bound crowd who complain that game is broken: try to find it in your imagination that this game is still in the chrysalis phase. The grub's body is utterly dissolved in the cocoon before it can be reborn into a butterfly.Early access is just that... if you don't get that stop bothering the developers and go play something with Zombies.For the Developers: Schine on."
76561198010997271,Recommended,244770,17490535,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Star-Jumper,"I may have one of the most hours played on Starmade... So I feel I can create a decent review...Starmade, is a must have game. There, there's my review.As of Aug. 11 2015Have you ever eaten a pretty bad meal out for about 12 bucks? Afterwards you regret going there in ther first place because all you're doing now is sitting on the toilet and hating yourself? Well starmade isn't like that at all. It costs less than $12.00 currently, at $9.99. It also will make you not hate yourself! :D (Well, unless you spend 50 hours building a ship to have it blown up by pirates or other players on her first voyage.)As of Aug. 11 2015Starmade-Procedurally generated world, it's never the same.-Takes imagination, or you can go download other player built ships.-When they say ""open world"" they mean, ""open universe"". Only limitations are your own imagination and creativity-Quite literally the universe is your sand box, build it, and they will come.-Save Yourself some time and learn how to use advaned build mode. (but first make sure you understnad how power works)-Oh yeah, there are ships and stuff... Did I meantion you can build whatever you want? (press ""m"" to spawn a station, press ""x"" to spawn a ship.)-Devs are super acive in the community, makes for easy vertical communication. Which is very refreshingThings to note:-Little bit of a learning curve.-Because code  for the game hasn't been streamlined perfectly yet there are some issues on multi-player servers due to lag when more than 15 players are on at one time. (this will effect game play severly)-The community, while for the most party very informed, is actually somewhat elitest (just something to note)-Pick the right server for your play style!! I can not stress this enough, it's very important that when playing for hundreds of hours on a server you at least like it a little bit.-Updates are rolling out all the time, as the game is in ""alpha"" (updates usually fix previous bugs but always bring with them their own new bugs, remember it's in ""alpha"")-I won't lie, it takes a very long time to get things done in starmade, however it is very rewarding creating your own empire.-If you want a perfectly polished game Starmade isn't quite there yet. But it still looks and feels awesome!Starmade is one of the best games I have ever played, a must have game."
76561198002585649,Recommended,244770,13236611,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,WallMart,"Probably the best space voxel game you are going to see when it comes down to epic ships, large scale battles and planetary colonization.Still has some flaws left and right, but so far nothing gamebreaking.I also do advice to think twice when purchasing the game if you are using an old machine, rendering the planets need a pretty big amount of ram memory. (or you'll have to wait an eternity, or your game simply freezes)"
76561198096116207,Recommended,244770,32659834,Posted: 22 June,all,AO_Inc,"If you have a passion for playing with legos and if those legos were in space and you could pilot your legos and destroy other legos then this is the game for you.Summary:The most basic thing you can do in this game is create ships and fight other ships with it. Done.Full Review:You could just make ships in creative and just fight stuff and that will be fun or you can create a carrier class behemoth that can actually deploy fighters to fight other ships. You could also create a complex system of AI that will pilot entire fleets that range from carriers that can command their own fighter AI, mining fleets that can strip entire systems of astroids and trading fleets.BuT HOw DO u dO THaT?!?!Well you could just go into creative mode and spawn in builds that other users have created from stardock or you could create a Factorio style planet-size industrial powerhouse that create the necessary parts and blocks you need to build. Hell you can now even make factories that automatically make ships from your own design no matter how big or small you want them.DoEsN'T aLL tHIs TaKE ToO MuCH TIMe?!?Not if you want it to! Before creating your universe you can edit the values of ores mined from astroids, how big they are, and their frequency. You can turn off enemies or any AI to build peacefully.You could just toggle creative mode on or off in survival durrrr.End Note:This is the ideal model of what early access devs should be as the game I bought nearly 4 years ago has completely changed for the better and has reached complex levels of crafting, combat and economy that it did not have when I originally bought it. It is has become more optimized and easier to toggle specific settings for the world.As of 224 hours of playtime:I wholeheartedly recomend this to anyone who wants to have a completely openworld sandbox game about space and the ingenuity to mold it all to everything they could possibly want.  I will definitely come back to this game every once in a while to scratch any creative itches. The only limits are your imagination and possibly your hardware."
76561198131411823,Recommended,244770,14249683,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Void Scroll,"The game is still in alpha, let alone Early access, but I will put my experience to your service.Overview:This game is a voxel-based space sandbox with a bunch of original content.In this game, you can build ships, and fully customize it with the hundreds of blocks at your disposition.If you feel like taking a true challenge, you can go on and build a space station.The game includes factions, and faction battles. Factions have absolutely no player capacity limit. You can easily end up with five hundred factionmates with you.Now, let's talk about the pros and cons.PROS:- Infinite procedurally generated space universe, countless galaxies, special stars, derelict stations... so much content to explore.- Ships are fully customizable, and can get really accurate thanks to the advanced building mode at your disposition.- No size limit, feel like building a 400 megatons titan ship ? Feel free to do so, this game doesn't restrict you one bit.- Full multiplayer support.- Full controller support.- Developpement team pays huge regard to community opinion. You are the key to a better StarMade.- Totally functional logic systems, you can finally make your 50 meters squared chip in space.- Factories, automation.- AI-controlled turrets and probes.- Awesome active community on the StarMade forums, and the StarMade registry.- So much pros, I surely forgot something.CONS:- Glitchy, that's to be expected of an Alpha.- Can crash on multiplayer... hope your ship was full-stoped before you did.- Tough on low-performance CPUs- Hard learning curve, you'd be best watching some tutorials on the web before throwing yourself in the game.- Larger ships are incredible stronger than smaller ships due to buffs in shield systems and weapon systems depending on number of blocks, more on that later.Now this game might be for €9.99, but it sure is worth twice as much, if I had one gift to do to a bored gamer, it would be this game.It has been on developpement for about 4 years (More, already ?), but is still progressing at a sustained pace. The community can't wait to see further progress, and neither can I.Ships will become overpowered exponentially with their mass, if one dreadnought is 50 megatons in mass, it will still be much stronger than 200 corvettes of 500 kilotons. This is due to the exponential increase in stats the more blocks you have connected in one array. This is sad because that can inhibate epic space fleet battles. Fighters will never be able to breach through larger ships due to the former having weak weapons compared to larger ships, and the latter having too much shield recharge rate for the former.Schema and the developpement team plan on upgrading this though, to make smaller ships stronger and more of a threat, and larger ships more exposed to swarms of smaller ships.I guess I'll take my leave, before this review scares other people."
,Recommended,244770,24770026,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,JonRahhhhhhh,"Really fun game plagued by unjust reviews.People need to realize THIS IS EARLY ACCESS. This game comes with so much for an early access game, with enough detail to bring your dream ship to life. Sure, no one likes a game that crashes and has bugs... but... THIS IS EARLY ACCESS!!!!. I personally haven't had too many issues with it, aside from a crash here and there but that's expected from a game that is... EARLY ACCESS!!!!!!!!!!I built the Normandy from Mass Effect, a giant mother ship, a huge space station, a planetary base, I warped next to a pirate base and lost a ship, I made a bigger and badder ship that wiped out that space station and reclaimed the wreckage of my old ship and brought it back to life, I wiped out a whole planet with my own Death Star, I did all that through this early access game.I'm seeing people also complain saying it's a ""copy of Minecraft"". How in the hell is this a copy of Minecraft, IT TAKES PLACE IN SPACE!!! IT FUNCTIONS DIFFERENTLY!! By that logic Terraria is a copy of Minecraft and no one should ever play it, 7 Days to Die is also a copy and should never be played. That logic is rediculous!!---I felt the need to submit a review, because I can't stand when games are plagued with bad reviews just because someone is too stupid to work around the bugs and also realize.. THAT THEIR GAME.. IS... EARLY.. ACCESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!"
76561198075978775,Recommended,244770,21590769,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,XIN_FTW,"Starmade is everything you want in an epic Sci-Fi space builder sim, minus the shiny graphics and story.1. Have an actual avatar 1st and 3rd person view, not just the inside of a cockpit2. Build your ship/station/home world/mech in Creative or Survival modes3. Create your faction/empire/rebel fleet4. Travel from space to planet surface and back without load screens5. Massive Universe...planets/sectors/solar systems/multiple galaxies...you will die of old age before exploring it all6. Single player or Join one of many Worldwide Multiplayer Servers PVE/PVP/RP7. Simple or complex Builds, your choice. With indepth logic blocks and functions for the dedicated builder8. Advanced build mode with adjustable quantity line/plane/cube function, multi axis symmetry build, rotation etc.9. Blueprints for saving creations, allowing you to respawn, trade, download from or upload to the community site10. Pre-existing NPC enemies and  AI modules so you can create your own enemies/allies...There is so much to this game that you really just need to try it. The possibilities are almost endless for those with a healthy imagination.Starmade is often compared to Minecraft graphically, though it has a much greater selection of block types available. Of course cubes are a given, it is voxel based afterall, but with wedges, corners and their variants your builds can be very sleek. This is the game you should graduate to when you get bored of Minecrafts limitations.If you simply can not deal with anything less than cinematic style realistic graphics then this game is likely not for you. Try out Empyrion or Space Engineers, both great games, but the trade off is you sacrifice the scope of the game environment.Sorry fans of Mass Effect and Half Life, but if you are looking for a deep engaging story with fully realized characters and plot, this is not your game.  But if you want to let your imagination loose and create your own story, your own universe alone or with friends then Starmade might be your flavour.You will spawn into a universe with some inventory to get you going and a limitless expanse of space stretching out before you.If your first reaction is to look for someone to tell you what to do next, go back to the Steam Store and keep hunting, this is not your game.But if you see that epic expanse, and excitement fills your heart with the desire to explore, build and test the limitations of your imagination....welcome to the family!Basically put.When you were a child, if you saw a cardboard box and had a million ideas of what you could do with it and not one of them included storage, you will love Starmade."
,Recommended,244770,13918843,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[PEWN] Sergeant Rotado,"NOTE: I only play this game seriously in multiplayer.This game had me hooked from the moment I saw it released on steam. I had no prior knowledge to its existance, and I wish I had. The prospect of freely being able to build my own ship, and on top of that, exploring an almost infinite number of galaxies and systems, was one of the one things I have been searching for in a game.The good:The game runs like a dream, due to its blocky, basic style, yet looks great while doing so.Exploring the initial galaxy you spawn in is a blast, flitting between systems, mining for resources and credits, trying to work up enough money to repair that station you found, or to even build your own station from scratch, and exploring the mysterious wormholes that spawn in various locations in the galaxyShip combat is a blast, there ae multiple weapons systems, upgrades, and combinations to use to your advantage. Want a huge flagship that fire seeking rockets that move faster than any ship built? Sure thing! You want a tiny scout ship with the laser cannon capacity to rip apart said flagship with a few well placed shots? Doable!Warp drives take alot of the time out of flying at a constant speed of 75 kmph (max speed in my singleplayer games for some reason.)The plane setting ability allows for perfectly symmetrical building, perfect for making models of famous ships, like the sloppy Battlecruiser I spent hours on. Building in itself is also fun, as you get to explore what possibilities you have with weapons and defensive systems, along with the logic blocks they've added in. I'm still exploring the destructive capabilities of certain weapons themselves.The gray areas:Generating a planet takes ALOT of computing power, and my poor little Dell ♥♥♥♥♥ itself trying. ""Get a better PC"" yes, I'm aware. Money is limited, sir. And at the moment, I have none.Pirates steal blueprints from your catalouge, but when they start using a turret I designed for my flagship (a jumbled block of power generators, sheilds, and a seeker rocket array) to try and kill me and/or chase me down, (note: no thrusters are on said turret) it gets comical really fast.Stars, Pirate stations and Crabs often have MUCH to big of a range for their respective sizes. I was taking hits from a Prate station's turrets from 2 sectors away, hull damage from a star that was 3 sectors away, and a Crab found its way across an entire galaxy, flew into my space station, and buzzed of the little health I was rocking on, after I warp drived several times and used a wormhole to get away from the accursed station it was hiding in.The bad:Most Pirate turrets do RIDICULOUS ammounts of damage, especially to a new player only starting with 2.5k credits. Just asking that for new players' sake, tone it down a bit?Pirate stations have a nasty habit of generating in the sectors right beside the spawn shop, and even though it says you're protected, you can get endlessly spawnkilled.Money is a bit difficult to come by, especially when you need something the size of an aircraft carrier to be able to get away unscathed, and the factories require HUGE ammounts of resources to make shipbuilding materials. I know some servers have made it so that you start with large ammounts of money, but trying to play singleplayer can be downright infuriating at some points from the lack of knowledge new people might have, and lack of money/resources. A ""peaceful"" type of setting might be nice for this.On the rare occasion, I've had Crabs spawn inside my claimed and repaired station, and it gets to be very tedious patching holes in both my cruiser and my station.Other than the few issues I've seen, the game is amazing. I especially enjoy teaming up with other players in large battleships to take town a pirate base, and man, is that a blast. I hope the devs take even more interesting routes with this game, and make it even more fun!Cheers,UPDATE ADDITION:I can no longer play this game, because the laucher repeatedly crashes the game after loading the world i created. until i can successfully load up a world, i hate the game :>~Doge"
,Recommended,244770,15857755,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,"first off I want to say do not take my word for it - just play the demo on a server with some people watch some youtube (I would recommend ""Bench"" clear speaking right to the point) about some of the things you can come up with and hey the demo's free and its like 300MBs of download - why not try it?so without further commentsso allot of people looking at this game compare it to minecraft or a simpler version of space engineers doing so however is a major lack of understanding - so to help clear things updoes it use blocks and a voxel based world like minecraft?yes - the block based worlds are easier to build in and allow for more customization then solid pieces or snap to functions but the depth of creation from the varied blocks allow for many more then just cube designsis it minecraft in space?no - the customization from the game allows linking systems and custom designs that range from space stations to a colony on planets  to ships of any shape or sizeis this space engineers simpler cousin?no - while space engineers I agree has some better graphics and a few cool factors allot of it is premade blocks - want a anti missile or anti player turret just build one drop it - what a anti missile turret in starmade? decide on weapons dozens of choices of what to shoot down missiles with then how many barrels do you want - is a cloud of shrapnel more important? or is it a stream of minigun fire - its your choice the entire turret is custom made - like the turret save it for later - don't like it rebuild itwhats the big difference between space engineers and starmade? well the simple version is - starmades a game space engineers is a simulation - sure I know what your thinking whats the difference? a game doesn't let reality hold it down its meant to sit back and have fun on not determine if some angry newton lover is gonna blow you up for not useing the right real life science (seriously look it up they have a entire griefer based society that attacks people in space engineers for not using real science in construction of ships!) where as the community of starmade is far nicer and relaxed - people duel in pvp rather then stomp some noob - and the community you draw says allot about your gameso starmade sure it looks like other games - sure its a early access game - but what does that mean you get for 10 dollars?  (or 4 copies for 30 dollars meaning you and 3 friends can enjoy this game for the cost of 1 of the other 2 games)in short just about unlimited space sandbox - want massive carriers or a simple fighter or anything in between - want to work on a multiplayer game as a trader or ship builder or even a pirate - do it - the people are friendly and mostly fun to work with - the new rail system was a game changer and people are not mad about it but over joyed about rebuildingstarmade is a gem in the rough at the moment and while they have a ways to go they already have more stuff to do then allot of 30+ dollar games out there that are finished so give it a try and you will not regret it if you love sandbox games"
76561198017629131,Recommended,244770,13238166,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TheImperialBronut,"Starmade has been in development for a while, and it will be for a while longer. But updates are consistent, the core mechanics are solid, and the game already offers an ton of fun to those it caters to right now. But because it is still very much in development, a number of mechanics are still missing, meaning that for now it does cater to a more specific group. Namely the one that absolutely can't resist building creative things with a full suite of editing tools, blowing them up and strutting around in their creations in front of their fellow community members.The comparison to Minecraft is easily draw of course, and one should rightfully compare the two. However, even in mimicing some elements, the game always implements them in its own unique way, making it a breath of fresh air for some veteran MC players like me. That said, the implementation is usually more complex and intricate than its counterpart, so be prepared for a learning curve, thankfully often rewarded with the awesome result of your contraptions.For now, the worlds are pretty scarcely populated and static, meaning that if your desire is not to build and start exploring all sorts of wonderful places, you might be disappointed. A huge amount of content is planned, but it will take time, with the first of these updates hitting soon in the form of massively upgraded space stations.Interfaces and tutorials are also quite barebones for the time being. Very useful and functional once you get a hang of them, but harder to learn and slapped together in places. If learning isn't your sort of thing, move on for now.===================In short, the game already features a great amount of mechanics that can provide you with a lot of fun if you like building, warping & blowing stuff up in your own creations, but for now, lacks content and might seem intimidating to players just starting out.Good:- Full suite of building tools- Very optimised- Very scalable- Infinite universe- Procedural damage & debris- Innovative hexagonal planetsBad:- Improvised interface- Lack of explorable content- Steep learning curve- Unbalanced economyIf you have any sort of creative or adventurous spark to you, definately try it and start creating or join a world without limits!If not, maybe skip it and check back in another 6 months or so for the next batch of updates."
,Recommended,244770,14474100,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,"Like EVE Online, buy starmadeLike building stuff in space, buy starmadeLike space battles, buy starmadeLike minecraft and space, buy starmadeLike galaxies that are >1000km in radius, buy starmadeLike flying into the sun, buy starmadeLike spying on your friend bathing in his space station in your stealth ship, buy starmadeLike pirates, buy starmadeLike fighting pirates, buy starmadeLike tiny planets, buy starmadeLike space ships, buy starmadeLike wasting time on a massive battle cruiser and blowing it up, buy starmadeLike aliens, don't buy starmadeLike space economics and empires, buy starmadeLike the sun, don't buy starmadeLike spawnkilling people and forcing them to pay you to stop, kill yourselfLike building replicas of the death star, buy starmade"
,Recommended,244770,13810896,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Laurond,"Do you want this game?I'll just go straight to the point.. Go download the demo, play it for free and decide for yourself, but don't forget to sleep.Cons:There are alot of typos in the game... Not that I should complain about typos...Some stuff still have missing explenations.I hear there are a few bugs.. Somewhere.I can't really play this game smoothly on my Intel HD family graphics card containing craptop.There are enough settings in the game/server launcher to overwhelm the average user.The learning curve...Could use more singleplayer content.Its Early Access, and that scares alot of people away.Pros:Minimum system requirements are low, but I think you can still put your super powered gaming mega tower to the test with it if you want to.The game has a lot of fancy features that results in even more fancy player made contentYour creativity is your limit.Epic PVP system.Epic building and crafting system.Epic logic system.Epic!You can host a dedicated server, join a small server with friends, or join a larger server online. The multiplayer is win.The dev team seems to value user input highly. The community has a say!Its still in alpha, so most of the cons will disappear over time while the ammount of fancy features will grow.I recommend this game to:Sandbox enthusiastsSpace shooter enthusiastsCreative soulsAnyone who likes minecraft or EVE-OnlineGamers in generalYou"
,Recommended,244770,14799298,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,npsgaming,"I have hundreds of hours in this game and yet I had to sit here for a few minutes to just decide what I was going to say about StarMade. In short, it is completely overwhelming. I spawned into my server and did the tutorial..... twice. I then realized how poorly made the tutorial is and proceeded to go find youtube videos on how to get started. This helped tremendously and I returned to the game ready to become a space exploring master.I quickly built my first little ship and flew to a shop to buy some more parts with my starting credits. I had my first mining ship ready to go in a little over an hour and from that point the game has only gotten more awesome. I soon lost my first ship to a wave of rogue pirates and had to start over. I was upset but it taught me the simple truth that space is not a friendly utopia. My next ship was still a mining ship but I equipped weapons, light armor, and some shields to ensure my long worked for investment would not be lost again.I now have some friends on the server with me and we have all started building capitol ships, cruisers, and stations. The game's building system is the most wonderful thing I have experienced in a ""voxel"" style game. The ability to mirror on all 3 axes, bulk block place, free rotation camera, copy/paste options, undo/redo buttons, and template saving/loading are just a few of the functions this game offers IN ALPHA. You can even save/upload ship templates from the registry or your computer into the game server for purchase and building! I could not ask for a more appropriately envisioned building system.If you see the reviews stating the game has a steep learning curve, they would be right. But don't let that dissuade you from grabbing a copy for free while in alpha! Its free, what do you have to lose other than some time? It is definitely worth a look at least.The controls are a bit clunky but that is because the range of motion and movement directions and ship menus are so plentiful they had to map nearly every key on the keyboard to a button. It takes some getting used to especially the getting around in 0G part.The game is buggy and occasionally runs out of memory or has a java fatal exception. Its an EARLY ACCESS title and to expect perfection is just not realistic. It isn't even that common of an event honestly.Even with the few negatives I've mentioned above this game is still unreal. The scope and size is just absurd. I looked at my first galaxy where I spawned in and realize it would take months to explore all of those stars. Then I found several neighboring galaxies and the realization dawned..... YOU ARE SO TINY AND INSIGNIFICANT. You are a speck of dirt in one solar system, in a galactic neighborhood with thousands of other solar systems, in a galactic cluster containing thousands of galaxies, in a universe containing thousands of galactic clusters..... It blew my mind to see the scale on the map. Sure it sounds ""big"" when its written out in text or as you see the stars from in the game. But opening that galactic map.... it is so overwhelming.TL;DRIf you want an overwhelming space experience, like building spaceships, want something different from many other games on the market, and are willing to accept and understand what EARLY ACCESS means, then please download the demo and get started. I chose to purchase a 4 pack of this for myself and some friends not long after getting the demo version. It is that good.I don't do this often, but if you would like, add me and I would be happy to help walk you through some of the basics. I have several private servers up and running on US East Coast including one to provide a slightly safer ""new player"" friendly environment."
,Not Recommended,244770,34215629,Posted: 13 August,all,Phantomewzick,"This game has more potential than almost any other single game I can think of, besides Star Citizen.And that potential has been utterly wasted.There is absolutely no excuse for the abysmal state of AI in this game. It literally has gotten WORSE since the games release.As a result of crap/nonexistent AI, there is basically zero singleplayer content to speak of here, singleplayer is just for designing ships in creative mode and uploading them to a multiplayer server.There are EXACTLY ZERO gameplay incentives to interact with other players in a multiplayer context, so everyone sits in their bases and safe spaces and nobody ever fights, the most that happens is someone drops by to show off their ship for a few minutes, then jumps back to the safety of their base.If you dont understand the more complex systems in the game, (and they ARE complex) you will have a HORRIBLE time figuring out the resource and crafting system, and how to do them efficiently. Once you DO know, you are pretty much back in creative mode, yaaaaaaaay.....I love all the potential this game has, I can see what it COULD have been. All that potential wasted by a dev who doesnt know what he wants, and is unable or unwilling to hire more people to make this happen faster.I dont know what the devs finances look like these days, but when this game was getting popular, he could afford to hire a team, and he didnt, and this is what happened.Play something else."
76561198047770233,Recommended,244770,18538633,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,StoneCyfer,"TL;DR at the end.So I have been playing Starmade for quite some time, clearly. With this review I will attempt to tell yall why I have nearly 1000hrs in this game.I love it. I hate it. Never have I come across a game that can enrage me as much as this yet I still play it. I could not tell you how many times I stopped myself from punching my screen and snapping my keyboard in half just because I knew that if I did, I would not be able to play anymore.Minecraft never got my attention any more than ""oh, that looks neat"". The idea of building a house and then what? Oooooo I have a house or a village or a Grand Castle! Good for you! Now what does it do? What do you do with it? That does not capture my intrest. You know what does? I can build a Grand Castle, pack it full of power generators, shields, engines and 'frikkin laser beams to go blow up anything I come across in the Galaxy.Not all is fun and games in the 'verse though. There are issues. Glitches and bugs and bad coding, Oh My! Sometimes your turrets will teleport themselves halfway across the sector. Sometimes your ship wont fully load and it looks like you are missing half of it. Weapons 99% of the time work great, 1% of the time, they work about as good as a screen door on an airlock.Yes, the Devs are very active. They do listen to the players. Updates rather often. Unfortunatly, the updates do kinda break the game sometimes. But, they get patched, things are a little wonky for a few days, then its back. All is good.I couldnt tell you how many new people Ive seen pop in on a server and start screaming ""sum 1 halp me! I haz the dumb n dnt knw what 2 do!!!!!"" And when nobody responds because we are all too buisy with our brain cells commiting seppuku, they get butt hurt and leave without ever playing the game. Look, play the Tutorial, watch YouTube vids, get yourself into a good Faction. For the love of (insert desired religious icon here) dont type in general chat with ""L337 speak"" or ""Millennial texting shorthand""! Take your time, learn the game, I can almost promise you that you will enjoy it.TL;DR----You like Space Engineers? Good for you, this is better.You like Minecraft? You need to upgrade.You like Eve? Cool, so did I. Get this instead."
76561197999709326,Not Recommended,244770,26198383,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Balthazar,"In case you missed it: DEMO IS FULL GAME. DOWNLOAD DEMO = FREE FULL GAME (currently)If you want to make startrek/wars/whatever replicas this game is incredible. It has hands down the best tools for building in any voxel game i've seen; copy/pasting sections, placing large lines/circles/boxes/cylinders with ease, saving and loading ships/turrets/drones is quick once you know how, and building basic ships is extremely easy; only more advanced design aspects like weapon slaving, logic and moving components really require looking up information online. There are also tools for importing and exporting ships as 3D models. In addition the engine's performance is quite solid, i'm on a 5 year old machine and it can still handle 500m ships duking it out, 100s of drones or mining ships eating entire asteroids in one go. It has problems in some cases, like thousands of homing missiles, but it's generally well optimized with a few hiccups still in the game.So why, with all these great things and 2000 hours ingame am i not recommending this?Every single mechanic in the game is a broken mess. All the weapons are imballanced, to the point where of the 300+ weapon combinations only about 5 are actually useful. As far as survival/progression goes the game has nothing to do. You can create any item in the game in a few minutes at most from starting out, and once you get larger miners going resource collecting is utterly trivial. All the factories in the game are made from generic materials or bought for 1% of your starting money so forget about making any kind of intricate factories. And it's been like this for 2 years now.The game is early alpha and these things would normally be expected to be fixed later, but the developers seem to have no idea where they're going with the game, focusing on large procedurally generated universes (where did we see this before...) and pointless ship cosmetics instead of actual gameplay.If you just want to build stuff, it's a great game.If you want to do anything with the stuff you build, you're ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,244770,13238799,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SirBoBsalot,"(UPDATE)This game has continued on with steady increase in quality and features as i had hoped they would. With rails, cargo and the upcoming npc update, im looking foward to where they end up.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------I would highly recomend this game to anyone who has a love of space and voxle based gameplay. Keep in mind this is early access but if the dev keeps going the way he has been, i expect it to graduate from it soon. This game has progressed at a rate i haven't seen in an inde title and i have alot of faith it if for the future."
,Recommended,244770,20328347,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Sugarbuzz,"Built a planet consuming mining ship. Used resources from consumed planets to enlarge mining ship and consume more planets.I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.10^n/10 (where n=number of worlds ingested), would exponentially expand consumption capabilities again."
,Recommended,244770,13274417,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Envie,"*DEMO VERSION = FULL GAME = FREE = YOU SOLD ME ON THIS GAME = HAPPY!*First: A Review about the Price / Demo / Free Thing:Other game companies vying for attention in the ""Early Access"" Arena (huge competition there) should take note of what StarMade has done with their business model. They are offering the full version of the game as a ""Demo"" for Free. Yes Free. You can play it as much as you want now, during Alpha - and then decide to buy. I don't know of many other Early Access games that are doing this ... in fact many of them are asking 25 to 40 bucks or more just to play a buggy Alpha version of their game with no guarantee they're going to keep developing or finish the game. I don't really like those odds and I have thrown money into Early Access games that are now collecting dust in my Library because the devs just stopped working on it.StarMade is asking a very low price of 10 bucks right now ... that's less than you probably pay to go see a movie! DO IT. This price won't last. When the game grows in popularity and is more developed, that price will go up. This is smart marketing. Rather than asking a big up-front price for the Alpha and then slowly lowering that price via sales on Steam over time, these guys are smart. Ask NOTHING up front (Free Full Version / Demo) and a very small buy-in price. I'm impressed! Steam 'works' because players read reviews, players look at what's popular and selling fast in Early Access ... so asking a low up front price or even better, letting us play it FREE will get this game a lot of attention and fast.Now - The Game Review - Worth It?YES - YES - YES.This game is really solid for an early access game and has a lot more functionality and items than I was first expecting. I did not think it would have so many building parts and that exploring would be limited or simplistic in looks but WOW was I wrong.This is Minecraft-In-Space!Graphics- The textures, colors and graphics are awesome - better than most minecraft texture mods.Crafting- Gathering resources is easy and fun -- no blocks dropping off into space or down holes ... just ZAP and it's in your inventory. Putting bits together is easy and though the GUI for the crafting screen is still pretty rudimentary, it's intuitive enough you can get it easily.*EDIT* (Dec 11th)- After playing this a lot more over the past 4 days, I have come to realize the crafting system in StarMade is actually very complex (deceptively simple looking at first) and takes some learning to get the hang of (videos by other players helped) - so don't be fooled by the simple Minecraft look - it's a lot more indepth. There are factories of varying levels and power supplies must be maintained, and parts for your ships must be manufactured and assembled in a more complex way than I first realized. Again, I am very surprised at how much complexity they've already put into such an early Alpha game. StarMade's been in the works for quite a few years and it shows with how polished the crafting system is. If you were afraid it would be too 'simple' then let me reassure you this crafting system will challenge even the most detail-oriented game crafters.Tutorial- The Tutorial is very indepth and helpful (needs a little grammar / typo work - hey I'm for hire!) ;). I would advise doing the tutorial and then watching some player guides on youtube before you really start building your ship because it's somewhat tricky at first to get all the blocks in the right arrangement for a power efficient and secure ship while at the same time making it look good.Ships- Building your ship is pretty simple once you get the hang of the control blocks and such. Again, do the tutorial! I've looked at some of the amazing creations others have made online (videos and screeshots) and am very impressed at the unique and endless possibilities for your ship creations. Imagine if some of the insane things you've seen built in Minecraft could lift off and fly through space!Combat- I have done only a little of this so far being a newbie - but it seems solid and the options to upgrade and customize your ship's weapons is indepth and varied ... the crafting nuts who love space games (EVE Online?) will love this! There are shields and jammers and turrets and all the usual spacecraft type combat arsenals.Exploration- Flying around is a joy and the controls are so simple even my 5 year old can do it and loves it. Radomly picking a direction and heading off into the great unknown of space for some far off sector of the galaxy is really fun and relaxing too. There's some good 'Explorer-zen' in this game.Vast Universe- The Galaxy Map is pretty amazing too. I'm still trying to sort out navigating it but having a great time buzzing about the starter galaxy to get the hang of it. Scrolling out to see the sheer immense (infinite) size of the Universe was pretty mind boggling the first time!Planets!- Last but certainly not least - The PLANETS.  O-M-G. I was absolutely stunned the first time I entered the atmosphere of my first planet and took a look at the amazing creation before me. The physics are well done and the geometric shape of the planet is fun and so very minecraft-esque!*Edit* Planets are ""Dodecahedrons"" technically!The planets actually slowly rotate and it's such a fun feeling to bounce around on them, explore and gather minerals and such. Definitely my favorite part so far.Summary(TLDR):THIS IS MINECRAFT-IN-SPACE ... DO IT!!"
,Recommended,244770,13241239,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,WarPigeon,"This is my favorite game.It's constantly updated, the development team loves what they do, and they listen to the community. They focused a lot on creating a game engine that can sustain and scale multiplayer gameplay. Now they're focusing on adding content! Serious super spergy impressive infinite universe voxel sandbox game. It's ultra walnuts, there are galaxies of stars, GALAXIES!My spacestation analog to a creepy uncle's popsicle stick town miniature train set in the basement, is a 5 million block city station in space. This game feels good to my brain, and I hope it feels good to yours too.I can't wait to see what 2016 will look like with development. Quests, NPC crew, more PVE content!"
76561198088461331,Recommended,244770,13234461,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,binhawkins,this is the best space based voxel game I have ever played. this game has so much to offer that you will never be board.
76561198061539350,Recommended,244770,15571947,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,CmdrCade,"WARNING: IF YOU HAVE AN INTEL DRIVER ON YOUR COMPUTER, THIS WILL NOT START WITHOUT SOME FIDDLING AROUND.If you're like me, you have an Intel card and a Nvidia card. To get this to launch correctly, you must open your Nvidia control panel and go to ""manage 3D settings"". Once there, click on the program settings tab, and find Starmade in the drop first drop down. Then click on the second drop down and find  the High-Preformance NVIDIA proccessor option. Then click apply, exit, and run Starmade!As for other ghraphic cards, I have no idea. I've only ever used NVIDIA so I wouldn't know :/As for the game itself, lots of fun! Its kinda like Starbound 3D. You build awesome space ships, fight pirates, gather resources, and even land on 3D planets with their own gravity!All in all, if this game starts it is alot of fun. :D"
76561198091250773,Recommended,244770,13277608,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lewshizz,"I've played the game long before it came to steam and it's only become more and more increasingly fun. The creativity is endless, the features just keep flowing with imagination. Even the simple things like dismembering a ship is fun. A few things I'd recommend to the devs for the future, more frequent pirate spawns in unprotected sectors, civilian sectors and towns with escorts and freighters. Fleet commanding to have multiple ships in single player by your side, and more features to the NPC's like piloting or certain room control (IE: Engineers or gunenrs)All in all the game is beautifully made and well worth the 9.99$ investment"
,Recommended,244770,13327310,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,MKL,This game is so well made. I can't stop playing send help.
76561198081422229,Recommended,244770,18731199,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Oso De La Muerte,"The most accessible space building game yet.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the theme of space. I've spent a few hours on this game with a friend of mine, she and I trecked through space in what could only be described as a ""Miner's Life"". Due to the game being far from complete, it is without question that methods of income are highly limited. The game begins you off with only a few blocks, the essentials for a hopeful star-merchant or space-hero, the basic thrusters, some cannons, a core for your ship, power supply blocks and some armors. Being a new-found space explorer, it is without question that chasing down pirates it THE stupidest thing you can attempt. ( Although it may be possible to successfully bring down a pirate at the start. )Each system is a bit complex but it doesn't mean they are impossible for beginners to learn.Power System suggestion: DO NOT CLUMP YOUR POWER SUPPLIES! It's ineffective.The way the power supply works, I found it highly effective to line your system up in two 1 x X (X being any number you can afford ) lines that are spaced by one block each. So your systems would look like this:--------------------------------------------------   Each dash being power blocks.I'm not adept enough to figure out how the weapons systems work but from my research they're highly ineffective when clumped. I've seen a lot of suggestions stating that thirty cannon block separate and independent of each other are far more effective than all of them combined. Making bigger cannons practically useless.Also included in this game is a crafting system which I have not personally tested, it allows for the mined raw materials to be crafted into processed variants.Also worth noting: Each star CAN be approached. It's a matter of designing a ship that won't be obliterated by the time you reach it. Planets can be approached as well and even be built on to house a base or landing dock for the miners and would-be pirates.There are still a lot of systems that are implemented that I haven't even touched. A lot being complex or lacking an updated guide. For example: Turret systems, boarding systems, in depth power supplies, and as I've said before, weapons sytems.It is a game worth checking out and I highly suggest trying it with a friend."
,Recommended,244770,21003408,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,gSiCK,"As a man who plays many survival type games. I can say that I fell in love with this game. It's not so much survival, as it is more like Minecraft than it is Rust, but space pirates!Mind you, I hate Minecraft. I put a lot of hours into it while I was away from home with no internet, but that game is boring, but it was the only limitless, unbeatablish, game I could play at the time. I also ran out of storylines on other console games.I've gotten lost in the game and lost track of time. I'm a military guy. I go to sleep at 2200, wake up at 0530 and go to work. The past couple nights, I've stayed up till 0100 and woke up at 0530. The space exploration is fun. Finding planets and trying to build an epic ship. Pure Awesome. Accept the space pirates.. They like to blow up your ship and send you back into the void crying.Totally worth the money. It's still in alpha (I'm pretty sure), and being so, starting the game for the first time took some googling, you have to dedicate ram to it yourself. To put it in fullscreen took googling, you have to go into the javascript and actually change part of the code *hint hint* You also have to go onto their site to register that you bought it through steam, which is simple. They are working on making it automatic, and seem like a great group of Devs.I would give this game a 4/5"
76561198166508792,Recommended,244770,13236579,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,blurb357,"Amazing game, cool idea for survival, really good for an alpha game, tonnes of things one can do, great job again schema"
,Recommended,244770,13624624,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,God of Death,This is Lego's in space how the hell can you go wrong
,Recommended,244770,22948137,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Samwiz1,"This is the game i have been searching for for nearly my entire life. I like a few things in specific: Strategy, Sandbox, sci-fi, Factions, and community. I tried Eve Online, but the subscription♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. I tried Minecraft, but it was too basic. I tried Starbound, but it's only 2d and doesn't have depth. THIS fits all the rules. You start as a character with essential supplies and you just need to survive. Single Player can be boring, but the multiplayer servers make this game live up to its potential. Make alliances, kill space pirates, build ships, watch them get wrecked, build better ships, wreck the ships that wrecked yours, and explore in an almost (if not) infinite universe. And about worrying about people taking your precious supplies or looting your corpse? Don't worry, When you die you keep your inventory, and in a faction you can choose one planet/space station where NOBODY can steal your stuff. Join this ever-expanding community today and learn the arts of the explorer, the empire builder, the captain, and the Warrior. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes the genres i previously stated."
,Recommended,244770,14347175,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,willpill35,If you are a fan of building stuff then I highly reccomend this game.  If you are a fan of science fiction in space and flying around in your own customized blinged out ship I highly reccomend this game.  If you like going into battle againstl fleets of pirates or players I highly recomend this game.  If you are not one of these people dont get this game.
76561198042708032,Recommended,244770,30228830,Posted: 27 February,all,Wafflecopter2000,"Starmade, to be overly reductive, is Minecraft in space.Starmade is a voxel-based space game that takes place in a procedurally generated universe.Players have complete freedom over what to build and do.PROS:1.)When I say you can build anything, I mean anything. The various block shapes allow for more diverse shapes than a fully cubic world would allow. Functional blocks also make your designs have a purpose that extends beyond the aesthetic.2.)The developers stream Tuesday and Thursdays 4-6 EST, and communicate with the communityheavily. The fact that you can play the game for free is testament to the fact that the dev team actually values creating a great game (not to mention how long its been in alpha!).3.)There are a whole host of multiplayer servers, and customizing the servers to suit a group's playstyle is easy. Sector length, mining yield, what ships pirates use, and so on are all completely customizable in server configs.4.)Being able to actually build functional ships brings a sense of purpose to any construction project. Your ship isn't just a centerpiece, it's a colossal avatar of destruction/stealthy perma-cloaked spy/kingpin of the mining industry. Each block has its own contribution to the whole.CONS:1.) When playing multiplayer, lag and latency are issues, particularly for people with lower-end CPUs. Large collisions, overlapping spawns, or interacting with planets really at all will lag servers enormously. However, the devs do work to solve performance issues, just recently releasing a patch that nearly eliminated online lag with large amounts of missiles on screen.2.) Any story is self-made. To the credit of the devs, space is a busy place, with various factions fighting it out and trading with the player. It's unfortunate that interactions with factions does not go beyond that. Randomly generated quests, or even some preset ones in combination with some simple lore would do a great deal to flesh out the single-player experience. However, this game/genre isn't really supposed to have an engaging story-line. Those looking to be immersed in a single-player story should look elsewhere.3.) Arguably, there are some balancing issues (no reason to use pulse weapons; what is a warhead). However, the game is still in alpha and the devs do change the balance in the game frequently in order to find the right mix.4.) Though the complex nature of the building system keeps the game interesting and adds an element of skill through optimization of ships, the lack of any real, advanced guides in game hold back new players from learning much. Also, due to the rapidly changing nature of the game, youtube tutorials often can be quickly outdated (docked power, weapon rebalancing, how shields and turrets work).If you are a fan of creative construction, then the pros clearly outweigh the cons. For those looking to recreate their favorite ships, fly them around the galaxy, and terrorize pirates, this is your game. The Mulitplayer community is mostly friendly, or at least active and passionate about the game, and playing online in a faction is a lot of fun. Once this game is fully balanced, optimized, and released, I completely expect it to be a wonderful experience online.For now, I would rate Starmade a 7/10. It has all the right tools to be a paragon of the creative genre, but is held back by low popularity and performance issues. Once more people can and are playing Starmade, I would rate it 9/10 for people who enjoy these types of games. Definitely a great game, and I encourage anyone who can to contribute to its development process. Those who simply want to try it out always have the option of playing the entirety of the game for FREE as well."
,Recommended,244770,13294406,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Nox,"EDIT:Some of the latest design changes that the developers have chosen to make, without providing players a way to opt-out are very poor.I'll leave my recommendation as positive for now - but these are not at all positive changes.______This is a charming little gem of a game with a ton of gameplay and a crazy huge universe.   Think minecraft but with every space feature you wished it had.I highly recommend it."
76561198119545524,Recommended,244770,13230325,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,paparum,the map is terrifylingly largely awsome briliant
76561198124272547,Not Recommended,244770,33652639,Posted: 19 July,all,Jmp,"I liked starmade when it was in it's early phases, tearing apart derelict stations for materials. But what really killed the game in my opinion is when they released new updates, without doing many bugfixes. I'm lucky to even stay in the game for 10 minutes without any lag.Pros:-Great Idea-Expansive universeCons:-Lack of much gameplay-TONS of bugs-Slow exploration-Awful crafting systemOverall, Starmade is a good game, but it just needs tons of fixes in it's current state. Would not recommend until it gets the fixes it needs.4/10"
,Recommended,244770,24260444,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nori,"Oh starmade... This game is quite addicting.So looking at this you might think, hmm a minecraft clone, but in space... But that's not fair to Starmade. About the only similarities with Minecraft are that it is block based, Java and is focused on building.Starmade is all about building. Building factory setups, building ships, making stuff bigger and better. It has a lot of tools to help you do this with symmetry planes, a slider to select a number of blocks to place at once, advanced filtered block removal/replacing and so on.A big part of Starmade is putting systems together. Whether the be their excellent logic system, the power system, or weapon systems. They are all quite interesting and give a lot of different interactions.My only real complaint with the game is that it is rough around the edges. There is a lot of depth of building and blocks and system interactions, but the NPC system is practically non-existent. There is little reason to explore and the Pirate ships are incredibly outdated with many models that simply don't work.However, these are EA complaints. I expect it to be a bit rough. They've made great strides in the last year and I'm hoping this next development leg starts to fill out the content gap."
76561198024688328,Recommended,244770,13244251,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,aBrokenDonut,"Played like 100 hours before it came on steamif you like minecraft but want something alike but different, stop searching.Really fun and interessting game supports all kind of playstyles.played with friends team deathmatch what was allot of fun and we all had differend kind of ships.Stealth ship, sniper ship, mother ship, shotgun like ship and the Enterprice, we had it all,really Good and fun game! highly recomended.PS My team won ;)"
,Recommended,244770,14140925,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"I'll just go straight to the point.. Go download the demo, play it for free and decide for yourself, but don't forget to sleep.The only limitations are the community not uploading enough skins and the Lagg. It can get PRETTY bad even on high end PCs wich i remember used to run all high on my low end LapTop."
,Recommended,244770,16685209,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Dj Toxxikk,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥At first it's a little confusing to understand and a bit challenging to get started. Who doesn't like a good challenge though? But after using a few of the community guides and experimenting with things it ends up being an amazing game. This is basically a space sim. You build a small ship. Then build a bigger ship. then maybe build a space station for all your ships. Definitley better with friends, but is fun in singleplayer as well.Of course this is still in alpha and it does have tons of bugs and crashes sometimes. I'm looking forward to watching this game grow and seeing the final project.If you get fustrated easily with bugs and things like that don't buy this game. Yet. Wait until it's finished or something. Still a great game so far. There's already so much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do."
,Recommended,244770,20967441,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,SilverFire,my game time says it all. EPIC game if your the creative/strategest type.
76561198040783725,Recommended,244770,24417414,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,petlahk,"I've been playing Starmade for about two* years now, on and off. It started out as this small block-based building game with a few unrefined ideas, and has since grown into something much better.The Devs are very active and work with the community. They take lots of community input, and even have representatives from the community to help them understand what the community wants. Starmade is continuously being updated, and appears that it is just going to get better from here on out.The game revolves around building ships and flying around in them, and the tools that the developers have given us are fairly simple, but have plenty of depth.Systems for ship building have been largely implemented, and work beautifully together, from the docking system to the armor system, the logic system to the weapon system. A single block might give a defensive or offensive bonus, and what is in the game now is plenty to offer many possibilities not just for exterior design, but for function as well.There are systems to build a faction, and to build and command fleets around the galaxy.Pirates spawn throughout the galaxy to fight, and while NPCs are not quite in the game yet, the devs are working furiously to implement them in finer detail.Bugs do arise here and there, as it is early access, but for the most part they're being ironed out as soon as they appear.Overall, Starmade is a solid block-based building game (set in space), with an active staff, and an exciting future."
76561197999691435,Recommended,244770,18735481,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,cpmaverickaz,"This is a great game and unlike some of the nay sayers, I've put in the time to be able to give an educated review. If I were to give you description of what the multiplayer side of this game is, I would have to say it's shapping up to be a cross between Mincraft and EVE. So far the game is Minecraft in space with a touch of EVE, but with the direction they are going it will end up like I stated. As for single player, it's completly Minecraft in space.The things you can build in this game are only limited by how far you're willing to go! You can build simple stuff or go bat sh*t crazy and build a fully 1:1 working space station. If you want the ship to rise from the ground out of a hidden hanger, you can build it. Like I said, the game wont limit you as to what you can build.I highly recomend this game! If you like Mincraft and space games Starmade is all that and more and keep in mind this is still in alpha, so much more is comming!"
,Recommended,244770,24319039,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,BigDaddyLion,"Here's a short review for those that don't want to read a bunch:I really don't understand why the game has bad reviews recently. It's very fun, the developers are freaking awesome (they take a lot of input and feedback from the community), and there are really so many different ways to have fun on this game. If you like minecraft, elite dangerous, star citizen, no mans sky, or basically any space/ sandbox/ combat game, then StarMade is for you. (Hint: It's always more fun to play with friends, however.)"
76561197990509933,Not Recommended,244770,28849907,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,R4z0rbee,"I was really excited when this came out, and still am in some way. Finally a game where you can control your own designed ship from inside, walking through them, ""living"" in them like you would in a static base in other survivals.In theory there is nothing stopping you from building huge ships with fully decorated interiors, there simply is no point to it from a gameplay perspective. In fact, there is no gameplay really.Update after update they add things like prettier lighting, new logic blocks, new functionality blocks but they still to this day didnt bother about fundamental things that actually make the game a game.Ship interiors are pretty much useless since you can control all systems from the ""core"" block. Placement of thrusters or even weapons can be pretty much random since own projectiles can pass through your ship so you can effectively place them inside. Center of mass and center of thrust can be disregarded alltogether. In the end you see a lot of cubes flying around that consist of randomly mashed together system blocks since there seems to be no real benefit from carefully planning a nice looking ship design. Sound, as you may think of as a given, does not really work. Homebases and everything docked to them are invulnerable and since there is not much need for more than your homebase, you cant even raid other people. Basically all the game offers right now is mining blocks to build a bigger miner to then mine more blocks.It may be early access and the devs surely were not sleeping but I have to say they are investing their time and effort into the wrong direction. Until that changes we are stuck with a voxel ship designer tool ( thats right, not a game ). The fact that most MP servers are empty - if you can find a populated one with good ping in the first place that is - suggests that I am not the only one who finds the current state of the game disappointing.I really want to like it and wish them well but right now, nuh uh. Cant recommend it."
,Recommended,244770,15277397,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Sirius,"Great game, been playing for 3 or 4 years and I literally love it. Best game.Started when the game was free.Pros- EverythingCons- Lags sometimes even with GTX 980 and 4790k- Very complex to learn (Took me at least 30 hours to build my first ship that died isntantly haha)Just needs optimisation imo"
76561198081986165,Recommended,244770,19722354,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Murble,"I would like to start right off by saying I highly recommend this game.The main reason I recommend this game is the devs. The devs seem to be interested with what the community wants and they keep you up to date on what they are working on. Devs like this are what make Early Access games worth it.Another reason is the community. I yet to find one person that is a complete jerk. Also, people seem to make some amazing creations. I find it so entertaining when you finish building a ship that you think is so brilliant and you decide to join a server to show it off to find out someone has made a ship 50x stronger. It's just great to see all of the different ships.These two reasons are what make me love this game better than any game in my Library. But, there are of course problems with it.The biggest problem is the amount of players in servers. A game like this with trillions of galaxies should definately have at least 100 players a server. The problem is you're lucky to see 10 players at a time on a server. This could of course easily be fixed by people getting the game, which I really hope happens.The idea of this game getting popular makes me overjoyed. I would love to see big faction wars between 2 major factions and a bunch of miniature allied factions assisting them. Also, a few huge mother ships sending out a bunch of fighter jets, which can actually happen. This stuff is implemented into the game, the problem is there is no people to join those factions.I would love to see this game get players. It has outstanding potential as long as these devs are able to keep working on it. But, that won't happen if the game gets thrown aside and in my eyes, that would be a tragedy."
,Recommended,244770,15526823,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,]Pure Blind[,"-83 hrs last two weeks-I came upon this game after seeing the impressive graphics of Elite: Dangerous, playing it, and being disappointed with its utter lack of content. This, having been described as minecraft in space, absolutely blew me away. Small ships are ugly blocky things, but anything worth using is absolutely gorgeously rendered, the online play is dangerous and fulfilling and content is constantly and easily added to the game by other players; create a space station or ship, upload it and other players can use them in their game! One of the most addictive, replayable games I've come across in years.... and it's not even finished."
,Recommended,244770,24828788,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mann,"At the end of the day, a better space exploration game than No Mans Sky. 10/10"
,Recommended,244770,20267226,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Press H to Hack,"Rather than see this as a game. I tend to see this more as a brush and canvas, a tool to craft. While the whole survival experience is nice and all. The part about this game that shines is its building. I love constucting stations and ships, pouring effort into getting them just right and getting something awesome out of it. The logic and rail updates only adds more to this, being able to add a bit of life to them.The main problem I feel, however is just how lonely it feels in survival. NPCs should definately be added later on. And the game feels empty. Like there isn't much to it besides what you make. Overall, I definately recommend this game to those with the talent and paitence to build the extraordinary."
76561198162388686,Recommended,244770,22526779,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Derpmare Senpai,i have been playing this game for a year now i will say it is not that fun alone but its a great game to play with friends
,Recommended,244770,13306749,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Miporin,"I was going to make a detailed review, but lose to the laziness ... here is my thought after 14 hours in EA+ Easy and Simple Building Mechanic, but Hard and Confusing to Make Something ""Decent""+ Various System to put on your Ship, but Making them Efficient and Go well with your Ship is Troublesome+ Ugly and Unfinished UI, Need Improvements, but it Meets its Purpose for what it is+ Pirate is not that Scary, but might Want to Reset your World if They Fly with Your Overpowered Ships+ Casual Gameplay is Nice, but Challenging Elements are more than Welcome+ There are many Features Missing (imo), but Expect to see them in Future UpdatesBottom Line, Good Space Sandbox EA Game, but UI needs Improvements, a lot, I mean it !"
,Recommended,244770,17436273,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Pen Pineapple Apple Pen,"Alright, after playing this for 116 hours I thought I'd share my view of this game. So first, yes I know this is an early access title, but the tutorial kinda' sucks to me. I was still clueless on what to do afterwards, but perhaps maybe I'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, idk. The game feels a bit empty with nothing to do, but I wasn't expecting much considering it's an early access title. The reason I've been playing so long was simply out of sheer excitement to keep building onto my ship, and even try to make a little mech or something haha (it's extremely time consuming). It's strangely addicting.It's a sandbox space sim where you start off with nothing but a few things in your inventory. You have a ship core, you hit the X key to create a new ship, name it, and then you build onto it with parts, etc. To make stuff you need to mine of course, so you go out in space and find asteroids or planets and mine them. After you mine and get resources, you need to make factories in order to make stuff with what you mined. Pretty simple, like most crafting games. You can build ships, bases, create factions, you can claim solar systems and make them your faction territory, you can go and fight pirates and destroy their bases. But thats really all there is to it (or at least from what I've seen). With that being said, I think this game was aimed more at multiplayer.It's not a bad game, just wish it didn't take me 100 years to figure out what to do when I first started playing. And also, the pirate stations seem to be there to troll you, as you cannot mine them after you take them out, instead you have to pay an exorbitant amount of money to repair them (15mil), which is really silly to me and kinda defeats the purpose. Idk why the devs did that. Without the help of guides and YouTube videos, i'd be lost and wouldn't have played as long as I did. I do recommend this though, I can't sit here and act like it wasn't fun. Just understand that it's early access, it has bugs, and still needs a lot of work."
,Recommended,244770,13533450,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BOT Rob,"Awkwardly ran into this game while searching for other space-like games which I cannot not play. Here are my first adventures:Played tutorial, became a man.Landed on a Terran planet, blue sky so pretty, stepped on lava, left in shame.Went to space to retrofit ship, relanded on Terran planet.Ship core too heavy, spawned inside planet, planet core too spooky, forgot which key was ""UP"".Reloaded.Tried to fly to Ice planet, get attacked by sun, get spooky and shut down game in disgrace.Delete world and reload, ♥♥♥♥ that yellow giant anyways.Landed on an Ice planet, built a dome, inventory stack splitting is broken so dropped 700 crystal circuits, angrily googled ""wtf broke.""Loaded game, spawned at default, base lost.Built more powerful ship, can mine planets from space.Mine asteroids like a G.> ""DON'T FOCUS YOUR BEAMS"", ♥♥♥♥♥ please I'm here to plastic surgery space rocksLanded on another Ice planet, built a dome, wrong color lighting made me feel like I was always under attack.Flew to desert world, saw a red glimmer in the corner my eye.> 74.9 kmh like a PILOTLanded on red world, took some fungus samples, looked up at the stars.This game is tight af  10/10"
76561197978949156,Recommended,244770,17168747,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Shifters,If you have ever played Minecraft or even made Lego space ships or want to design a ship or Station Then this is the game for you..Starmade is a fun creative game that lets you explore conquer and command Star Ships With a fun logic system that lets you make Crafy things I've spent way to much time playing this game..unlike basic minecraft thing can get boring once you build your castle/home. However in StarMade things never get boring you can attack pirate stations and they will attack you back want to live on a planet you can! Find the pirates boring? Well make them a Ship to use and they will but be warned sometimes you can forget to save your Super star destroyer to your own blueprints and end up fighting your own ship design.I've made that mistake once or twice or a few more times...........
,Recommended,244770,13247265,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,:^),"I have been following this game for just about an eternity, I voted it up at the beggining of it's Greenlight, It has come so far! Schema is and has nailed it. Steam and the game clash however, hosting and playing a server is not allowed through Steam. This game is still blossiming and I forgive all the folly.10/10 Would lose my ship again.EDIT:Fixed! Download the game through them and so a server."
76561198154661444,Recommended,244770,20375699,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,aidynmaster,"The developers have big, big plans for this game.  They're an ambitious bunch and they work hard to put out a consistent stream of updates WITHOUT leaving the game riddled with bugs and breaking save files.Update:I've seen a lot of reviews complaining about lack of content.First, think of Starmade more of a Minecraft in space at this current stage in development.  The universe IS empty.  And at this very moment, the Dev's are holding a ship building contest to add 2 more factions and a larger variety of ships to the universe.  Until you build it or join a server, your world will be just as empty as Minecraft's world.  But what you CAN build...is freaking gorgeous.Second, updates.  Like I said, when they do update, they do it right.  Without game breaking bugs, without ruining save files.  Do I want to see more updates?  Of course I do!  But everything I have seen since I've purchased the game, I am happy and excited for.  Their last update, FLEETS, made me drool on my keyboard.  I have seen what's in the Dev's heads in their roadmaps, and slowly but surely they'll deliver.Starmade is a fine Early Access title.Another update: So yeah, I should probably mention that I might have more people working at my gas station than there are working on this game.  It's not a big development team...and it's quite an ambitious project.  So give them some space *PUN INTENDED*."
,Recommended,244770,30083896,Posted: 21 February,all,meem,"Adore this game. Despite all its flaws, there's something about this game that keeps me playing. The ability to build ships and stations in all shapes and sizes with advanced building mechanics, and the ability to put them to good use on and off the battlefield is the icing on the cake, whether it's singleplayer or multiplayer. There's a seemingly infinite universe to explore, no loading screens to hinder me and there's plenty of updates on the way that will make this game feel more alive than it already is, which is quite alive.From icy worlds to the depths of intergalactic space, I could do anything. Be anything. God forbid anyone mentioning Minecraft after playing this, because this is so much better. Unstable, broken, but better in every regard.While only fifteen quid, this game delivers more than it is worth. I'm glad I paid every penny for this game, and I am willing to pay more just to see it flourish."
76561198065862961,Recommended,244770,13233289,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,harding.tj,"I have a Dell XPS Laptop which has two video processors, one is the onboard Intel video that it uses when it is on battery power (low power) and the other is an nVidia GT540M (for full AC adapter power).I have configured StarMade (and Java) to run on the nVidia card (just like I do with all my other games including Minecraft) using the nVidia Control Panel. The nVidia card has the latest drivers. I also have the latest version of Java 8.25 64 bit. OS is Windows 7. To be perfectly honest I never use the Intel onboard video unless I am using MS Office or something simple like that because it is just plain aweful with 3d games. Nonetheless, my onboard Intel video has the latest driver available from Dell for my specific laptop.The game does not cooperate with my nVidia control panel, and so the only way I could get it to run was to make my nVidia card as primary video on my laptop always, thus by-passing the nVidia Optimus controls.Changing review to ""Tentatively Recommend"""
,Recommended,244770,13251804,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Cranberry Juice,"The people who say this is buggy and glitghy, ignore them, there may be flaws but I've played for a while before it was on steam. It's developed so much from the beginning of 2014 to right now. The devs care about the game and update feq. I would recommend this to any who love spaces games and fun!"
76561198055355011,Recommended,244770,31167785,Posted: 15 April,all,pythondragon,"After a few false starts, I finally got this game to run and, I have to be honest, I AM ADDICTED.It is that simple.I love sandbox games and while I will acknowledge that this game is not for everyone (since it does not have much in the way of prepackaged plotline or specific goals for players to accomplish), this game does a superlative job of providing an immersive, open-ended, do-what-you-want-within-the-constraints-of-the-game-engine type of experience.Want to start a faction?  Do it.Want to design starships?  Do it... and then build them.Want to take on the pirates that just started attacking your Factions bases and are trying to muscle in on your territory?  Make that happen.All of these options and more are there to enjoy.Go forth!  Create your own adventure and take control of your destiny!In StarMade, the Universe is ripe with potential experience and you are in the pilot's seat, so now it's time select a destination, chart a course for the Stars you have chosen and MAKE YOUR OWN STORY instead of relying on someone else to tell their story to you."
,Recommended,244770,13339892,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Randall,"HOLY GOOD LORD!Such a great game.  Has it's flaws but so far has been one of the best gaming experiences I've had.  Creativity meets exploration meets violent star wars.  I sometimes wonder why play any other voxel-based 3D game.  Oh that's right... I never did like Minecraft, but THIS...  WOW."
76561198015047715,Recommended,244770,13378327,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,J-Daw,"Yeah ignore the hours, long time user here.I have been keeping track of starmade for some time now. Originally I looked at it as another minecraft rip off (given the time it came out, you can't blame me). But then I realised it was something special. Building immense ships that can cross the galaxy, fight pirates, build factions, colonise planets and lets face it, after I built a borg cube i was sold. But what had me moving onto steam was the fact that this game was still developing. Even now it could sell as a full game but they want to continue developing it and I am thrilled. BUY THIS GAME.So much potential now with the logic system, and if it keeps up that way who knows how far this will go. PS don't compare to space engineers, believe it or not, they are totally different games.10/10"
,Recommended,244770,15723873,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Monty,This game is okay.(300hrs of okay)
,Recommended,244770,16462588,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dinner King,"Nice in depth game with a lot of content to experience in the form of the infinite procedurally generated planets, stations, stars, black holes, and whole galaxies. Combat isn't fun or easy (at least it's not my cup of tea) but can be avoided if you want by keeping your distance from enemies (mainly pirates but on multiplayer there can be faction wars). Not a game I play a whole lot because moneymaking (aka mining) is pretty uninteresting. But building cool ships using the money you made from mining makes it way worth it (if you like that- again this is my opinion)."
,Recommended,244770,14524560,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,[TG$] Ewspne,"Holy sh*t 29 hours already? I swear I just got this...I've been following Starmade since early early times and have much more playtime from a previous version (before steam) and then life happened and I stopped playing it for awhile.The more ""recent"" updates wrecked most of my previous knowledge of this game and I had to start learning anew, thank goodness this game is really great so I don't mind at all.Yes, this game is early access so alot of what you see is going to change and is changing with every update. BUT.. the devs are like the coolest people ever. Why? Well, they don't believe you should be paying for an early access game while bugs are still being worked out and the whole game itself is changing. They realize this is an unfinished product and being so have put the game up for $11, ONLY if you want to support them and what they're doing. This is totally optional because they've put the exact version as a demo for free so you can play it first and see if they are worth supporting.~I do support the devs and what they are doing so I did buy it. Even though it is early access its great~+ Multiplayer Servers+ Paid players and demo players CAN play together on MP servers+ ALOT of content, like I can't even start to say how complex this game can get...+ I think I'm addicted to it... I put 5 hours on it last night alone...+ The devs are realistic people, not trying to steal your organs for an unfinished game.+ If you hate people you can single player this bad boy and even admin command yourself to creative play!-/+ Alot is changing and going to change, what you see now will probably not be the same(similiar in the next update) therefore your knowledge and playtime can become obsolete, but hey! More content ^_^-/+ Making money only takes forever until you can spend a few million to build a proper salvager. On the other hand this is stopping new players from building capital ships in an hour. Pretty balanced (sort of) economy- Pirates are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Trading Guild sucks at restocking shops- I think I'm addicted to it...I think thats it, at least for this current update. I know this game is going to change alot in future updates so I will try and redo this when it happens and I get some more playtime out of that!9/10 (Currently 2/17/15)."
76561198088813640,Recommended,244770,24298988,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,trash_skeleton,"I enjoy this game. I originally found it through some British people playing it, and I thought ""Eh, give em five dollars. It's a nice little donation."" Little did I know that the Starmade creators would improve the game so much and theres still more to come. I recommend this game not only on rainy days, but on days you feel like going on an adventure"
,Recommended,244770,13244602,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Bjorn,Very interesting game.
76561198035857545,Recommended,244770,31532380,Posted: 3 May,all,Fräulein Dezarae,"Lets be honest, ive put way more time into this game than steam tracks. I first got this game wayyyy back when it first came out, and played it all the way through my first deployment.IN this game...you can build anything, From the smallest of fighters, to the largest of battleships.Does this game need work? of course, but you know what, right now, despite how little there is to do aside from PVP, raid pirate bases, and build i enjoy it enough to keep playing it over two years later, which doesnt happen often.So yes. I recommend it."
,Recommended,244770,13421167,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Ray,"I first started this game back before it was released on steam this game has gone a very long way in a very short time. If your looking for the ultimate space game where you can actually go into hyper space into another sector of the galaxy, explore planets and run when you end up in a pirate station after warp then let me say this game is for you Iv'e never played anything like it. I swear to you this is the best space game that you will not regret buying even in its current state it will amaze you I'm having a blast playing this with my friend scared that we might again have another run in with some more pirates when we are still working on progressing further with our ships. Please buy this game if your up for the epic adventure GoodLuck commands10/10 kill thoughs pirates please"
76561198071545371,Recommended,244770,17125711,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Qwerty Uiop,A very good game single player and better with friends! I have no problem running this game; and with every update (which are reasonably frequent) the game improves. I recommend this game to people that are familiar or unfamiliar with voxel based games because it doesnt take that long to learn the basics.
76561198041467718,Recommended,244770,13855372,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Roriah,"Saw a wormhole across multiple sectors thinking it was a space stationWent on an expedition with a friend to ""Space Station""Got too close, realizing it was pulling usTried to get out and add thrusters for escaping my doomBody gets sucked inFriend and I die to the voids of space10/10 Would wormhole againReal Talk ThoughBut really, Starmade is something else. I went in believing it would be some kind of Minecraft clone or waste of 10$, I almost even wanted a refund at first. Yes it IS IN ALPHA, it IS UNFINISHED but god damn, 6 hours in and there's just... So much content already.This current version of Alpha is not worth 10$, it's worth 25$ at theleastso much to do from making buildings and factories on planets to colonizing them or stripping them bare for resources.Pirates and robbers keep it new and the game continues to amaze me. For once I can make a ship, simply put down a gravity generator and have my friend walk around and do maintenance/man the guns/repair or stargaze as I fly around. He doesn't fall out and it's not laggy. You play Space Engineers and hope for smooth riding in your friends ship as he flies but in Starmadeyou can do just thatBeautiful game, amazing graphics whether you want them simple or HD and all around something I will be playing for quite awhileGameplay 8/10It is still in Alpha but a lot is already on the table, I could see space fights becoming more engaging other than that basic mechanics on and off planets is great.Sound 6.7/10Not any background music yet, it leaves a lot of atmosphere out but setting up a simple Chillstep playlist on YouTube makes it fantastic as you play.Graphics 20/10] If you don't like voxel based games, then you would obviously dislike the graphics here. If youdolike blocks and cubes and such, you should love it. I play on high settings with ultra shadows and the realistic texture pack. On top of that my favorite feature is the procedural background image of the galaxy on the 4k resolution. Absolutely stunning. I can't express how amazing it is to be on a planet and seeing both sunset and the galaxy mesh together in one.Creative Level and DifficultyThis game does have a learning curve to get ahead of. At first you have no idea what the hell you are doing, it's very discouraging and hard to get through but once you have the basics, the rest will eventually catch up. The logic system (similar to Minecraft's redstone system) is very simple as with the ship building in general. You don't have to wire every bit and piece together, all you have to do is select what mother block you want your other blocks to be connected to and place them. Easy peasy. Once you get past the beginner phase a universe of oppurtunity arises at your feet.[h2] Overall in its Current State 8/10 [/h2]It's in Alpha. So much done right in such a little time span and release version. This game has the potential to uplift the ""Minecraft Genre"" and be a real successor in its own dominant space setting. 100% worth your 10$ if you enjoy space crafting, exploration, blocks and planet colonization.It's a really good game.Just get it."
,Recommended,244770,13252011,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,The YD,"Star made is basicaly THEE game that I have been wanting to exist since I was a child. Iv always loved sandbox games like Minecraft or Garry'sMod. However, star made even in its early stages has potential to supass many big name titles. If i were to give any advice it would be to buy this game while its still at a steal of a price."
,Recommended,244770,21213246,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ISUX,"My daughter loves Minecraft, she has me and my roommate playing it with her a lot. My roomie loves Kerbal. Minecraft and Kerbal had a baby and Starmade was born.This game is freaking fun as crap with a lan or online server, can't wait to see how it grows. Worth the money, even in Alpha."
,Recommended,244770,15223534,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ғλтнεя түяσηε,"No matter what, you'll always be matched by someone with a bigger ship10/10 would give myself more credits"
,Recommended,244770,23623739,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Orphaniel,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough.With the obvious provisio that it is not for everyone, much as with any such sandbox or sci fi offering; I can reliably state that Starmade is fast moving to be the premier creative space experience. Do not let poor imitations ensnare you with false promise.There is so much to be found within the expansive community here : There are awesome builds, Roleplay, Politics and a game that is marching inexorably toward greatness. The graphics may seem simplistic compared to some other competitors, but that simply means that the canvas of your own creativity and scope can be all the more immense ; and it's still being developed with promises of more optional fidelity.Starmade has been a large part of my life for near on four years now, and my enjoyment has not diminished, only grown."
76561197972275625,Recommended,244770,28548161,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,okster,"Dont let my hours played fool you - when i first got this game (2015 some time i think) i couldnt launch it from steam, so i ran it from the command line (yup, i'm on linux). i probably have > 100 hoursThis is a realy cool game.  I havent played it for some time, but i keep coming back and poking around to see whats changed.  And its always changing.Also have a look at some of the negative reviews - many of those peeps have hundreds of hours!!!  what? you played a game for 250 hours and then gave it a thumbs down? I can understand being  frustrated with a game (see my ARK review) but still seems like those peeps got some serious bang for their bucks.Anyway now for the good and bad:The Good:* unlimited potential for building the space fleet of your dreams.  If you like space and building - just buy it.* constantly being updated - devs seem to care about this one* back to building - building a giant mining ship that could vaporise an asteroid in seconds was pretty cool* THE BUILD SYSTEM.  Yes its a little hard to understand at first, but wow, you can do a lot with it.  I havent seen such a build system in any other gameThe Bad:* yeah, the build system - it takes a while to master it. but like i said above, its amazing once you know what you are doing* updates break things. Yup. dont buy EA games if you dont like this.  hell dont buy any software at all for that matter. Or operating systems, in fact just turn your computer off and go outside :PI keep firing up this game every now and then just to see whats new, When enough has changed i'll prolly drop another few hundered hours on it. Havent really got into the factions thing at all yet. I check back on this more than any of my other EA titles. Personally i think the devs made a mistake making it free. its all ready worth the price"
,Recommended,244770,13820493,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aya Psilocybe,"EARLY ACCESS Introductory Review:StarMade is a voxel-based sandbox that gives you the infinite expanses of outer space to build, craft, and venture. Yes, there’s no way around it, this is essentially Minecraft in space.It’s not long been released on Steam Early Access where you can purchase it for $9.99 on Windows, Mac, and Linux. But it has been playable in its early stages before Early Access for quite a while. It’s actually been in the making since 2010.In StarMade, you can build your own spaceship block-by-block, customizing it with weapons fit to take on space pirates – you’ll need them. Once satisfied, you can then get into your spaceship in order to explore distant stars and galaxies.You’ll come across more than pirates too, as there are abandoned space stations to pick from, and the treasures you find inside can be traded to make a fortune. Or, you can use the materials to make your own space station, or a factory, all in order to make huge quantities of sellable items for a profit.In multiplayer you’ll be able to find other factions, which you can join or fight against, and I’m sure you’ll be glad to hear that StarMade has dedicated servers.The idea behind StarMade is to provide you an infinite space to make your own way within. As in Minecraft, you do as you please, exploring the various possibilities of the game’s intricate sandbox design.Abstract:??/?? (Awaiting Full-Release)Recommended for it's current state at $9.99, there is enough content to keep you occupied for hours. I played this game before I purchased it on Steam, so I knew what I was getting into."
76561198171690771,Recommended,244770,15331951,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Jarraff,"What I like best about starmade is the building.Its kind of like having an infinite number of legos to play with.Build ships, build staitions, mine planets kill or be killed by pirates and other players. Wage wars, or just hide out in a distant corner of the galaxy and build anything you like."
76561198100346382,Recommended,244770,18515835,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,cat16,"(written after the custom shapes update)[Intro]Firstly, before the content, many people may have seen outdated reviews and I would like to clear up some things. They have creative mode. They have slabs like in minecraft. They have teleporters. Missiles aren't the most powerful weapon in the game.This is one of my favorite games, not just because of its current state, but the timeline looks amazing. There are some bugs that appear every once and a while, but the devs are the best and always listen to what the community is saying.If none of the stuff below sounds appealing, remember that the demo is the same thing as the full version! You can even play on servers and stuff, however in the future they will limit the demo.[Description (longer)]You can do a lot in this game. It comes with lots of colors (teal and pink are somewhat new), weapons and details. And pirates to blow up.To start off, the controls take some time to get used too, and you can change them if you must. A lot of people gave this negative reviews just because of the controls, so ignore them. I prefer the default controls.In terms of building, it is the opposite of minecraft. (left click to build) They have all sorts of hull colors and decorations you can use to make your ships look realistic. With the new addition of slabs and ""custom shapes"" - which means models / 3D indented stuff - ships have gotten to look way cooler.Real quick, I also want to mention that the textures at their current state tend to look a LOT better and more polished than in outdated videos. The lighting is amazing right now too.In terms of weapons, they have a lot too. What's so special is that you can combine up to 3 weapons to make one weapon better. For example, cannons make things shoot a lot faster, but reduce the damage a little. Missile computers hooked up with beams make homing missiles. They even have modules specifically for modifying weapons like push and pull effects.In terms of factions, the player created ones work pretty well, however the devs are still working on the AI. It may take a while, however I am excited to see how they turn out based off of their posts.(https://starmadedock.net/threads/starmade-active-development-timeline.25541/)Crew really can't do anything right now, so don't expect the option to ""hire crew"" to do much. Like I said the developers have large plans and continue to update it every two weeks, so to me it sounds very promising.[Similar games]I have seen some similar games like this. First off, space engineers is aimed to be more of a survival and realistic game, FROM WHAT I HAVE SEEN. (it doesn't work on my laptop or my pc :p) So I wouldn't compare it. Blockade runner seems very similar too, however I don't know much about it. The pictures online tell be that starmade is a MUCH more polished game, however starmade has been in development a lot longer to my knowledge.[Short Description (for people like me)]A block-based building game where you can build the ultimate space ship that actually functions and blast pirates & things with it. This includes hangers for drones or friends and warp drives to get around. Stations are an option too; you can process ores from planets and keep your ships safe there. Multiplayer? Team up with friends for fun or fight to the death in a battle of empires.[Conclusion]So that is really all I have to say. Don't underestimate what this game is aimed to be; just look at the dev. plans. Don't base your opinion off of old reviews, especially ones that say it just crashes. (unless you have a bad computer. Read the reccomended system first) I hope you think this is good if you buy it. Schine is really serious about its quality and brings constant updates. (if 2 every weeks is constant for you)[Last note]I haven't actually played the custom shapes update yet; just came out like an hour ago. Also, try out the demo if you aren't quite sure yet.[Rating]10/10 you can build MLG mems (memes... get it?... no... ok...)"
,Recommended,244770,22929223,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Col Kurtz,"Do you want your creations to move? Do you want to build massive ships that work? Do you want to go crazy with logic and make a space station that loads and unloads cargo? Are you someone who doesn't need their hand held? Then this game is for you.-ProsFULL GAME IS FREE IN DEMO (Until it leaves development)Devs update the game oftenDevs have a roadmapDevs are active on forumsYou're only limited by your own imaginationEndless space-ConsFeels like there is no sound. (Feels like =/= there isn't)Not enough AI interaction to keep someone busy insingle player if they aren't focused on building alone.Will eat RAM (Seriously, don't be messing around with only 2g of RAM)Conclusion: If you don't need your hand held and you can entertain yourself, buy the game. If you're not sure, get the demo. The demo is the full game. There is no reason to not at least try the game if it's your kind of thing.For further information, make sure to visithttps://starmadedock.net/Seriously, that site is gold.Docked Titan to a planet....... 10/10 would crash server again."
,Recommended,244770,15850306,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Avishadur,"I have played this for a fair while now, long before it was released on steam. The now familiar sight of block-based building from minecraft and the games that followed has been augmented with use of wedges, tetras, etc. The weapons and space combat work well enough, the exploration is fun, and the mining/crafting process is quick and understandable.The one thing I will say is watch your head if you go near the official forum for the game. There's a strong community of aggressive behavior to differing perspectives if you post thought-out suggestions and you're often responded to in an unhelpful manner if you have questions they believe they're too good for. God forbid you query what happened with this council drama we're hearing about, you'll be banned from there before you can say ""spaaaaace""."
,Recommended,244770,13302940,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Deadjack,"First of all I would like to say...WOW!Ok this is a space Minecraft style sandbox game but for a fresh release on early access on Steam...it's amazing !THE LAYOUT:After a quick tutorial (some aspects of the game are still missing...), you start near a ""cotton bud"" looking space station.You are an astronaut and with few credits and items you are left in a huge universe.First you have few blocks to build a basic spaceship. If you are smart enough, you will be able to go anywhere and enjoy the huge number of planets, asteroids and stations you can find (nearly infinite).THE GAMEPLAY:Ship and stations designs are easy. By pressing Space after entering a Ship core, you can launch building mode.The Ship core it some kind of box where the player can enter and control the ship.It's a strange way to use vehicles but the designer is enough well made to compensate this strange design.Like in Minecraft you use blocks, you place them with left click and delete with right click (you have tons of other contols by pressing left ctrl).For every ships, you have to plan it's energy usage and mass.The bigger the more expensive it will be for you: like the cloak wich needs more energy depending of the size  of the ship. The interresting aspect of this mode is the way you use weapons and tools.Every items needs a computer to be used. You put an appropriate computer and the weapon or tool block related, and you conect them. The funny thing is that you can mix weapons and some upgrade blocks to change their effects, like EMP or Shield Drain, ect...You can even place turret docking blocks with AI blocks to create an automated sentry capable to fire anything you want from missiles to beams.For tools you have less possibilities but you can put more blocks and computers to create massive Salvage beams (some kind of mining laser) or even create you own Antenna relay to scan your sector and spot anything that moves.You can even hold personnal weapons or tools (you have a basic mining laser) but you can't upgrade it much, like for the ships.You can also place a building block on a planet or a location you own ( with a faction block), to customize it.From the plants to the soils, being able to change a planet so quickly is excellent and gives you plenty ways to create.But you can't harvest materials by this way, you have to clear a path with the editor and go mining yourself.About crafting, it's not a good aspect of the game. Because you have too much materials and it becomes quickly too complicate to build nice recipes (bad crafting menus when you use crafting stations). In fact you will spare tons of time by harvesting raw materials and selling them to the Galatic Traders. These guys are the owners of the ""space cotton buds"" They are neutral npc that sells all blocks you can imagine and they buy everything you can bring !When you got the way to gather quickly, you get quite a lot of credits (the actual currency in the game).But space is a dangerous place...Players can be hostiles, you will notice that with a nice Faction system. By yourself you can create a faction, claim locations in its name and even conquer other players properties. Before doing that you need faction points with the help of other faction members and enough fights against enemy factions. This system is really good and surprises by it's quality for an early acess game.But your not alone because some pirates are roaming...They hide in somes big space stations with heavy turrets that does quite a lot of damage.But if you can manage to enter them... you will get tons of items !Be ware pirates are fliying in fast ships and dying is quite normal when you begin.Don't forget to buy enough stuff to build few basic ships when you first spawn.And find a nice planet to land.At this moment you will have time to study the blocks, the ways you have to earn money and CONQUER THE UNIVERS !TO CONCLUDE:Starmade is a real surprise. Quite impressive and cheap (the price will change), the gameplay it offers is amazing for an early acess.Ok i have to admit the game is rough around the edges: need some balance about the trade and crafting system. The tutorial wich is empty especially in front of game mechanics such as Factions or Logics. The physic for ship flights needs to be better because it's like driving in a ""soapbox"" or the punch of weapons wich are a bit weak especially on foot. Physic on blocks would be cool, like on some planets where lava ""floats"" in the airs.But the overall quality is really good for this kind of game, the developpers are even planing to add creatures (actually there is one alien spider you can see in the tutorial). And seriously, being able to build so much crazy things with turrets, landing zones, weapons, antenna and even warp gates...it's amazing !N.B: The game is quite stable, even if i had to play it on an old computer.You can also play alone on a dedicated server and set the difficulty of the AI. Life in space has never been so easy !"
76561198061091050,Recommended,244770,13907684,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bill Murray,"Starmade......its a those rare games that just consume days of your life. and before you know it, you are having lunch at midnight only becoz someone mentioned wat time it was.Great game....not so good if you still want to have a life outside of the game"
,Recommended,244770,19485116,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KawaiiSenpai,Played it many hours before it was on steam and i will probably play more on steam !
76561198073553906,Recommended,244770,25512418,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Starwall,"I played this game before the rails, logic, and weapons update and it was good. Now it's awesome. Buggy sometimes, but awesome nevertheless. Unlike most dev teams who seem to forget they were even working on a sandbox survival game, this dev team actually works on their game, works closely with the community, and has a solid roadmap for their vision of the game going into the future. Think From The Depths meets No Man's Sky set in Minecraft in space.The demo is still free, so go download it and build an awesome base, mine some asteroids (or planets), and conquer your chunk of the universe! The learning curve isn't even as steep as Minecraft, really."
76561198035089165,Not Recommended,244770,28528190,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Thefurrytechguy,"This is sadly unplayable until they fix AI ship spawning (oh god especially the trader ships). I WOULD recommend this game, as I’ve been playing it since it first came out (before steam), but the frustration of constantly being rammed into by trader ships, which spontaneously acquire some sad case of severely impulsive autism when flying towards a shop, followed by the insane lag caused when they kamikaze into the trader posts (which probably contributes to their lack of any brain cells) makes this game heartbreakingly difficult to play. Not to mention, when they start overheating from the damage, the player can easily just strip parts from the unconscious ship, leaving an infinite supply of free stuff. But that aside, it's unbelievably frustrating to build a starter ship because in order to build anything without getting caught in the trader ships’ suicide missions, I have to entirely leave the shop sector. And if I run out of supplies, I have to fly all the way back to the shop, which is quite risky considering the obvious. But wait, there’s more! I don’t NEED to buy anything because I can probably just steal what I need from those mangled trader ships! See the problem? I realize that I can simply turn off collision damage, but that won’t stop the knockback effect. So if I’m out of my ship and it gets hit, it’s GOING to disappear forever. I also realize that I could turn inertia back on, but that would make flying long distances very frustrating because I would either have to 1, hold down the forward button for at least half an hour, or 2, sit here charging warp drives until I’m 99 and hooked up to an IV. I would much prefer to set the engines to max and let inertia take care of the rest while I leave to go get some work done for a couple hours.It seems to me that they rushed this update out the door way to quickly. If you're going to release a major update, at least take the time to stabilize it first. Making a game unplayable, even if only for a short while, is only going to deter incoming customers and upset those that already own the game. Rushing things out the door is literally what EA does.But other than that, excellent game! I will change my vote once this problem has been dealt with.Oh and also, I’m autistic myself. So don't think I'm attacking the disabled, 'cause I'm not. :P"
76561198085120802,Recommended,244770,15021183,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,airlynx99,"MinecraftYes, you might think that looking at the very familiar block style voxel building, butDONT.  You might think that again the first time you land on a planet and see trees and grass and hills, butDONT.THIS IS NOT MINECRAFTThis is StarMade, you are in space, you mine your resources with a laser, andyoubuild your own ships.  You will not find another space game with this much freedom and this much beauty.  You might think it's a little complex at first, but the concepts are simple, and you will pick them up easily with a little research."
,Recommended,244770,27658968,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iz Only Gaem | kickback.com [UA],Great game.What can i say?Minecraft + space - stupid miceraft mechanics + hours of fun = StarmadeThats it
76561198176885029,Recommended,244770,30459759,Posted: 11 March,all,Coolstriker64,"The best way to quickly summarize it, is minecraft + a kick♥♥♥♥♥rails system, + factions + space. It's FUN! I highly recommend a purchase, or at the very least the demo, which is the full game and FREE (until the alpha ends). There is a large community marking cool content, and you can do a lot with the game! Definitely a game to follow."
76561198062728833,Recommended,244770,19535405,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,dasvide,"over all a decent game, still buggy but improving. steep learning curve but worth the time to get to know the game."
,Recommended,244770,22565429,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,STrooper,"Lot of memories and fun that this game has for me. I lose ships a ton but its ok, it happens..laughs. (cries inside)Most fun memory, is when i fly near a sun...no spoilersPros:Massive universe.Tons of planets, enemies, friendlies.AI's are good/bad...depending on which they are to youGravity exists"
,Recommended,244770,13256564,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Atomic Gaming,Amazing!
,Recommended,244770,24871261,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,The_Hunter1235,"This game is everything one could hope it to be, and more, besides the obvious bocky rendering. I can already see many people comparing this game to No Man's Sky, and calling it a ""No Man's Sky wannabe"", and a ""Pretender"", but I feel obliged to point out that this game was around and being developed first. AS FOR THE PRODUCT, THIS GAME IS GREAT, IF ONE WOULD SPEND TIME FIGURING THINGS OUT. I say this, because I find a lot of people will get into something like this game, find the controls vast, and the very small amount of tutorial help given, and mostly give up right then and there, or else have some kind of computer problem running this game, blame it all of the game, and say it sucks. The reality is that this game takes some getting used too, even today I found something new, and this game never ceses to amaze me. The multiplayer servers too, are a balance that takes some getting used too. Many of them are very buggy, because all servers are run by players, however there are more than enough servers that run flawlessly. The simple truth is that this game is just as good, perhaps better than the current and near future competition (Space Engineers and No Man's Sky), however the majority of the quality is hidden just beneath the surface of the game, and just needs a little exploration to uncover."
76561198071061082,Recommended,244770,13750235,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,J A F A R,This game has been a wonderful adventure for me! Its a blast! Its creative! and its fun! This game IS personaly my favorite game of all time! Buy this game now!You will have no regrets!*cough *cough Dayz *cough cough
,Recommended,244770,19819501,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,PINKIE,Better than minecraft.
,Recommended,244770,28546905,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zophie Winters,It's like Minecraft and Space Engineers had a baby.  There's parts of the game that still needs polish but there's a lot of cool stuff you can do and the updates have been coming in regularly so overall pretty good.
,Recommended,244770,23542496,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Captain Cumbeard,"If this game were an apple, it would be a good apple.EDIT:StarMade is a minecrarft in space with a good community and VERY amazing developers. The community is heavily involved with the game's production, as well.How large is StarMade, it IS in space, after all. StarMade has QUINTILLIONS of galaxies with at least 100 stars and 5 black holes/worm holes. You can also (in the server file) can scale the size of the universe UP and DOWN, making jump drives VERY importaint and thrusters for only manuvering.Long story short, StarMade is a game for Sci-Fi, Sandbox, and Space Exploration players."
,Recommended,244770,30008266,Posted: 18 February,all,ciaranhappy,"Ok, Starmade is a good game  in general, it has a fine building system, and a lot of the players are friendly.However, you would be blind to admit its without flaws.At the moment to even almost barely scratch the paint of any player made ship that isnt a pirte ship and isnt made to be an OP pirate ship you need weapons of a certain minimum capabilities, now its like this with mostsimilar games, but in Starmade, the minimum is practicly the Death Star superlaser.Now this is an issue, but it dousnt effect most of the gameplay, as the game is mostly mining and building.Im sure these issues will be adressed soon, or atleast eventuly, and even with the issues Starmade is still a great game."
,Recommended,244770,15057942,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Not Quite,"Ship One: Build a tiny ship and fly to another sector to mine some resources, accidentally fly to close to the sun and die.Ship Two: Build a better ship, with a jump drive and basic cannons. Test out the cannons by shooting the shop. Shop sends fleet after me. Panic and activate jump drive to a set of coordinates I remembered. Warp into the sun and die.Ship Three: Build an even better ship with a bunch of armor, try and make it a bit artsy with gravity generators and a nice looking cockpit. Meanwhile a friend test-fires his weapons systems. Giant swarm of heatseeker missiles slam into my ship and I die.Ship Four: Build what amounts to a cannon with a cockpit attached to it. Fly around assaulting pirates bases with a friend, get into deep♥♥♥♥♥♥and warp out. While I'm repairing my armor a homing missile smashes right through my cockpit and I die.10/10 Would Recommend."
,Recommended,244770,13263948,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Jay_Do,"Ive been following this game for ages. It was great before the awesome weapon combos. It was great before the new sexy website. It was wonderful before the galaxy update. But, now it has only gotten better. It will continue to get better with its great community and developers. This game is worth much more than the money I have paid for it. I greatly suggest it."
76561198040165120,Recommended,244770,13227117,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Oataoa,"im playing this game since now 1 year , i buy it on steam today and its still awesome"
76561198126608185,Recommended,244770,28808486,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,InfernoSuperNova,"A purely amazing game. i have over 300 hours, 200 of those being the demo, and its truely a work of art. thanks schema!edit: actually i have 347.5 hours on demo, and 147.4 hours on the full version. to be honest, I have been waiting for a game changing changing update to get back into it."
,Recommended,244770,13825344,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Scoot,"Me and my friends loaded up a server and got started, although it was a bit slow to start off like any game ( I recommend looking up how to get started)  but eventually we made a mining rig and had a fun time travelling through space and going on fun adventures. One of the best exploration games apart from Minecraft. People might hate me but I like this game better than Minecraft."
76561197999725847,Recommended,244770,23262356,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nightwalker,"This game has improved quiate a lot since my inital review a year ago. I can now recommend it. You can call this minecraft in space, bit it's now a lot more than that. It can be a MMO, but with built-in anti-greifing  to some extent (only your faction home is protected). Faction permissions have improved quite a bit to prevent bad faction members from stealing resrouces and ships.Also it's a lot of fun. Build whatever you want, build elevators, huge hanger doors, tiny ships, huge ships. The universe is big enough that you can find your own litte corner of the galaxy not to be bugged, or, fly off to a far off galaxy if you want.You can now have your own fleet of ships that will fight to defend you, mine, or fly off to whever you command them (in fact, fleet orders can be used as a kind of slow auto-pilot).  The role of NPCs are being expanded. If you're running your own sever, you can write your own NPC scripts and load them for custom game experience.When you first play this game, keep in mind that block placement matters for many system blocks (esp. power and weapons). Usually due to the coplexity of the game, young children don't play it as much, so it's generally a more mature community. If you've grown out of Minecraft, this is for you.Also, you can play the game for free as of now, and can lauch it direclty wihout using steam (which is how I normally play). The only thing is, most servers WON'T allow you to connect unless you've bought the game-- so go buy it."
76561198022415153,Recommended,244770,13602657,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,invaderzim48,"My actual playtime is longer than what steam says as I play in offline mode alot.This game is redicoulus, It's not a Minecraft clone in space, and it also isn't a Space Engineers clone. As a matter of fact I have played this game for about a week and I still can't nail down exactly what it is. But it is fun, really really fun. It's complicated to begin with so be sure to play the tutorial, but after that open the map and you'll see that the map is gigantic. The typical space game usually encompases A galaxy or a part of a galaxy, but this game contains at least 27 full sized galaxies and also it's still in alpha. I could go on, but i'll just say that everything that is in the trailer, is in the actual game as of now, AND IT'S STILL IN EARLY ALPHA so this game could get even better, if that's possible."
76561198033868502,Recommended,244770,13280310,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Lemontang,"I've only just scratched the surface to this game and from the initial concept I can see what it's trying to achieve. It's essentially minecraft in space with a good dose of space sim play like that in Elite and Eve online.It does have however it's caveats;The tutorials are clunky to the extent it's easy to miss key components, and the ship management needs to be drastically simplified. Such as connecting weapons to computers should for the novice user, be automatic and not manually mapped and so forth.It has a ton of bugs, yes I know it's early access I get that. But I understand this games been around for awhile prior to being released here on Steam. So you would think something as simple as sound would be a priority. I've ran this on two systems with it either silent or randomly loud repetitive fx's.If you build a ship, fly off then start the tutorial, forget about your ship. On return spawn you are back at the beginning with your ship lost in space. And without a core to build another ship your essentially screwed and have to wipe the universe and start again.Hopefully the above bugs get sorted out in further builds.You would think with the bugs and clunky ship building I wouldn't recommend this game. For early adopters who want to see this game develop, bugs and all, I would say go for it. And I'm keen to see where this goes.For those who expect the concept being sold here is what you'll get, taking into consideration that yes this is an early access game, then I ask you save your coin and come back later."
,Recommended,244770,13616019,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Marinesharp,"Haven't played long and I already love this game.It's like a mix of three great games: Minecraft, Space Engineers, and Starbound. There are so many things to do already even though it is still in the early stages of development.I'm happy that I bought it and I can't wait to see what else the developers will do with it."
,Recommended,244770,17402903,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,RoÆther,"In short, it is an amazing building game with lots of potentialNow the long one. I was scrolling through games and stumbled across this game. Quite frankly i thought that this was just going to be another of the thousands of over-glorified Minecraft clone set in the future blah blah blah. But i got it anyways because some of the clones are pretty good... and it was only $10I am glad i did.You will start out on a small space station ""shop"" with some basic components that will allow you to build a tiny, but functional, ship (and yes, you CAN build your own spaceships block-by-block) as well as a weak gun and enough money to get you places. At this point you can start heading to smaller asteroids and even planets (Planets are VERY laggy) and start mining new materials to ether refine, use raw, or sell for cash for better parts. But it is not all easy, you will be attacked at times and you will need to defend your turf.Now for some cons:The MAIN issue i have with the game is LAG! LLAAGG! for the most part the game runs smother then a hot-sword-through-butter, even on some not so good computers. But when you enter planets, or even some space stations, you can encounter MASSIVE lag spikes, some even freezing the game. I HAVE been able to solve this by editing the ""server settings"" to make the planets smaller and that solved most issues. but it is defiantly an issue that must be resolved before it goes into finalIn the end:I give it a 9/10. it has great game dynamics, a good building system, and overall fun gameplay, with the only major issue that need attention being the ""Planetary Lag"", but the game is worth every penny"
,Recommended,244770,21757626,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,werewolf435,"I paid something like $20 for this game... after they added in enough features, my computer was no longer able to handle it. (problems on my end, since my laptop is a serious junker), but even considering _that_, I definitley think that what I was able to do during the time I was able to play was absolutely worth the price tag. And I plan on playing again when I get a better computer.the only problem I ever had with this game was how monotonous mining for resources could be. But it's been awhile since I've played, so they might have fixed it since then, and even if not, I just played on creative mode and had unlimited resources to play with.(And the Dev's aren't lying when they say they pay attention to the community. They're pretty on the ball with response times.)"
,Recommended,244770,17154325,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mr Retro,"this game is truely amazing, my hours are not correct because I played the game mostly from there homepage. It has really come a long way in the past 1-2 years. Up there with Space Engineers. Most definantly a buy for sci fi lovers"
,Recommended,244770,25435682,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,KB I  Ideriom,This used to say better than no mans sky but now no mans sky is better.
,Recommended,244770,14432413,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Burinsan,"While this game can be hard to get used to, once you get past the clunky controls, and unorthodox UI design you'll realize this is a game with amazing potential and amazing features. The developers have done something that hasn't been done for a long time - actually let players try the game without hassles or schemes. Becuase of this, i was able to discover that StarMade is what i've been looking for in a space game for a long long time. I highly reccomended that anyone who loves Space Engineers or Minecraft give this a try, becuase this really is a great game. It's not the same, but it has some similiarities. In this game, problems are solved with blocks, and i think thats something to appreciate.This game is best played in a Multipalyer setting, however i DO reccomended that you play single player for your first 20 hours to make sure youre ready for a PvP setting. There are lots of little things that i had to discover the hard way, and while it was fun, some might not be as interested in tough love as i am.I really hope this game takes off. I haven't felt so much love for a game since i first tried minecraft.EDIT: Rail systems are a blast. I've already made an auto ship dispenser for my ship's hanger. I love this game!"
,Recommended,244770,13256824,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sirknobbles,"All I have to say is: PLEAAAASE, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, REMOVE THE FACTION BLOCK FROM PIRATE STATIONS!!! GIVE THEM A HARD TO FIND SHIP CORE OR SOMETHING, JUST PLEEEEASE REMOVE THEM FROM PIRATE STATIONS!!!!!!!! Ok, that wasn't all I wanted to say. I feel like you guys should make it so on single player, it doesn't count you as an admin, so you can't really teleport everywhere and stuff like that."
76561198045602600,Recommended,244770,24879120,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,damnbuster,Like No Mans Sky... but better looking... runs better... actualy starts... is a game and not a glorified loading screen!10/10 for rare unbroken game on steam!Would also like to add its less repetitive than No Mans Sky with more things to do... also actualy has multiplayer...
,Not Recommended,244770,13527342,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Docdra,"Update: With all of the new bug fixes and updates, I'll be playing the game soon, and then revising this review as needed.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Currently the ONLY reason to buy this is to support the developer, which I have no problem doing, but based on the history of early access games on Steam - most buy an EA game, and then are upset at the lack of features, even though the EA concept is clear.  So, if you are one of those people - pass on this for now.For others, I'll state that while you can build some ships and travel through space, flying through space is very slow and as others have noted, there isn't really much to do - you can mine stuff and you can salvage stuff - oh, and you can sell stuff to the shop in order to buy stuff.  There's stuff, stuff and pirate stations...Despite the lack of other stuff, the game shows potential.  I really like the build aspect for the spaceships as it allows for lots of customization, but flying the ship isn't that great because of the overall control scheme - switching between flying and building shouldn't be so easy that you do it by accident and end up exiting and losing the ship in deep space.I didn't play this game before it came to Steam, so don't know how the planets were before, but the current design is...interesting.  They have a good size to them and I actually like the multi-faceted appearance, but travelling from one face of the planet to another is kind of weird (in both a good and bad way).  One thing I don't like so far is that there doesn't appear to be liquids - lava is simply a glowing non-flowing block - dig one out from under another and the hole remains with the other lava block just ""floating"" over it.Another thing I feel needs to be improved - space stations.  I know they pushed an update that changed the mix of abandoned versus pirate stations, but considering how long it takes to fly anywhere, it is still a pain to travel a long distance only to see you're being shot at by a pirate station or that the station is degraded, thus only good for scrap - and you'll need more than scrap if you want to upgrade your engines in order to fly faster.To summarize - unless you simply wish to support the dev and/or really like space games/sims, I'd wait until more of the features are added to the game.  At that time I'll revisit this review and hopefully change that ""no"" to a ""yes!"""
,Recommended,244770,19919976,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,PistolRcks,You can go into wormholes.10/10 would boldy go where no one has gone before again
,Recommended,244770,13290266,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Ruckus,"I've been playing this game for over a year now and followed its development closely.  I love this game, and im happy that the community has supported it for so long. Certainly worth playing if you want a good sandbox game with plenty of exploration and great combat."
76561198026047355,Recommended,244770,19119433,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,[AG]Raine1,"This game is really good, even at its early alpha stage. For the features that are in they are fairly well implemented as well as a whole, there are more features in so far then some games have at full release. Gameplay and look is similar to how games like Minecraft and similar 3d open world sandbox games where you make your own story. It is obviously in space, even though you can go onto planets.The game at this moment is capable to being modded, with its Block Editor(which allows you to make/modify new or existing blocks). The server config which is also the configs for single player is fairly customizable, with the ability to toggle/change settings that are normally reserved for mods in other games.Ships are dynamic in that they are all different based on what you built them with and what types of moduals you placed in them. Also the fact that you can mix and match compatible moduals together to create a new type of weapon or utility tool. The most common example is that by default a salvage(aka mining) modual will just do a burst beam, but if you connect the salvage computer to a cannon computer with just the right ratio of moduals you can get a constant steady beam for the salvage modual and mine/eat things to your heart's content.Building is fairly straight forward for its most used functions, as well as for those who want more tools, there are more precise tools and options. Gameplay is very much like other games of it's genres. As a side effect though, with this game's many options and complexity, there will obviously be a learning curve. Where the player will need to learn how to setup the blocks and moduals, as some have their own placement rules. Thankfully there are many tutorials and Lets Play videos out there so learning will not be too difficult.In all I recommend this game to anyone who likes; space games + open world sandbox games + lots of options, for its $9.99 USD price at this moment. As well as the developers currently have the full game for free as long as it's in early access. I bought it though, because it's pure awesome in my opinion, and I'll gladly pay the $10 for the game as well as the fact that buying the game helps to continue it's developement."
,Recommended,244770,16719874,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Red The Dragon,"> Buys Game> Decides to join a server> Joins server> No admins online> Sees giant ship next to spawn> No shields> Faction module is on the top> Destroys faction module> Takes apart the entire ship> Have like $3MIL in parts> Admin joins> Sees me taking apart ship> Flys away as fast as i can> ""You have been banned from this server"""
76561198151622292,Recommended,244770,21890912,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Terminus,"When I first seen this game I thought ahh Minecraft in space with some EVE undertones and that is what it is. I totally give the Devs a salute for their love for this game. They are a small team so at times when personal stuff comes up you do notice a slow down but the care and love is there, If you are like me and tired of developers that just want your money and you wonder if one day the game will just be dead then have no worries about the Schine team. As far as gameplay goes It's kind of boring playing by yourself but so is Minecraft. The build tools are amazing and make up for that plenty as you can see from my hours played. You have 5 basic shapes of blocks which I think does make for a more Minecraft feel even though they could do more variety with the second gen voxel system the game uses. I'd like to see more but i can respect if it is to keep the blocky feel of the game. They do alot on making multiplayer very viable and there has been a lot of focus there.  It's private servers like Minecraft but there are public websites and people who run them that let anyone in like minecraft if you want a bigger server to play on. Google it and you will get a good list. So I say give this game a try if you want Minecraft in space and to take what you build into battle. The Schine team has accomplished a lot since I bought this as far as adding quailty into the game and it's gameplay. Plus they are always working on something so you can expect more from these guys.  This game is worth the price and you will not regret it in my opinion."
76561198031059045,Recommended,244770,30866071,Posted: 31 March,all,domtar32,"Easy to learn, but lots to keep a person interested."
76561198058222764,Recommended,244770,27764340,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Drake,"This game is really an awesome game. I waited quite a while to write this review. From the outside it might look like minecraft in space, but it is not.Starmade is a randomly generated huge universe, multiplayer or singleplayer, PVP, PVE, space simulation, sandbox game. That statement may seem like too much, but it does not do the game justice. I've been playing starmade for years. For a long time I played free via their website, but finally decided to buy it and support them. The game has gradually been changing, and is constantly being worked on. They are always listening to their forums for ideas in developing the game to better suit the players, but still keeping their core elements of the game alive.The most impressive aspect of the game to me is its builder or build mode. The build mode in starmade allows for players to do much more than just place blocks. It gives you shape outlines to use, you can set planes to create symmetry on structures, you can place blocks in many ways, and replace certain types with other types. The complexity may seem like a lot to get used to, but it is not you can hop right in, and the tutorials give you enough information to be building your own ship in minutes.The game also is constantly changing with great plans in place for future gameplay. Currently there are areas of the game that are lacking, but those areas are already being filled in. Even in the current state of the game, I find myself wasting many hours on it. It's definitely worth looking into if you like space exploration, combat, or even rpg elements. This game will have them all. Currently it's most lacking in rp elements, but there are plans to have quests and many other rp elements added in later. The game operates on a small server platform, so you can play online with friends or do local play to play by yourself.My Pros:Infinite Open Universe SimulationSandboxCompletely customizableBuild Ships, Spacestations, and Planet BasesBeautiful graphicsBlueprints to save created structuresMultiplayer or SingleplayerCreative or SurvivalInteresting Building MechanicsGreat combat with playersCons:AI is hilariously glitchy at timesCurrently in developmentSometimes can lag due to needed server optimizationPirates sometimes kill you before you can get established"
,Recommended,244770,14917874,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,stahlnacht,"I thought that Minecraft was the ultimate sandbox/openworld building stuff game.Then I found StarMade.I haven't been playing for very long (just a little over 10 hours according to my library), but I've already scoured the net (Google really) for tutorials, and other helpful things.I did encounter a bug (I read about how to fix it via a number of forums, hasn't solved itself yet though...vanishing/flashing blocks, but that's not that big of a problem).The only real problem I have isn't with the game itself, but with my own computer's specs.Meet the recommended requirements and you're set to boldy go where no one has ever gone before and build stuff that no one else has too (if you're so inclined)."
,Recommended,244770,29576560,Posted: 29 January,all,Katorone,"Great game with hours of fun.  Very playable despite being in constant development.  I adore the possibility to build my own ships, use rails for moving parts like doors and lifts.  The recent addition of fleets and auto piloted drones add a lot of depth and possibilities."
76561197977537354,Recommended,244770,14216787,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Kakashi,"I am very much enjoying this game.  I started out having no idea what to do but I just kept asking questions in server and the community will give you great advice.  Otherwise I've learned a lot from the wiki page.  It is quite complex however nowhere near as tedeous as Minecraft, Plus it's in space!  It's sort of a space sci-fi nerd's dream block building game.  I get some glitches now and again but nothing debilitating."
,Recommended,244770,28334466,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,macattackftw,"I tried the game around a year ago and I was not impressed. I saw there had been considerable updates and I have to say it's like a different game. The developers have really pulled this game together and it is a lot of fun. With the logic circuits you can build fancy triggered events and make hangars with docks that raise and lower ships; it's pretty impressive. The limits of construction are basically only your imagination. This is an alpha, and as such there are still some bugs but overall I highly recommend the game, especially since the full game is free at the moment."
,Recommended,244770,13886168,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Love,Amazing truly amazing game. Its seriously a good game i love exploring and space! the game does seem complex at first but in an hour or two you'll be making ships in no time exploring the vast planets its truly a facinating game and cant wait for more updates in the future.
76561197987847562,Recommended,244770,25198113,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Dephenistrator,This game is truly great. If you like building ships and managing power systems it is awesome! some mechanics could be easier to deal with like linking weapons. But they are overshadowed by the wrath of building a ship that can eat meteors in seconds.
,Recommended,244770,13311863,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Disodium,"Very cool sandbox spaceship building game.I have both this and Space Engineers(SE), and what Starmade lacks in Physics and Graphics it most certainly makes up for in game play depth.By this I mean, Logic Controllers, the PvE AI, the HUGE Galaxy, the ability to support HUGE ships pretty well but in SE's defense Starmade has less to calculate with relations to Newtonian Physics which SE has.Putting them side by side, each is better at one thing than the other and they both cater for different crowds.This game is awesome in that as someone who does not really play on hugely populated servers there is something to do other than chase down 'drifting' abandoned ships with auto turrets that shoot you.Some features in this game I think are cool:- PvE AI that are both friend and foe.- Huge area of space to explore.- Land / Build on planets.- Shield generators!- Decently detailed component system(Reactors, Capacitors, Generators etc)- Logic ControlAll in all for the price tag, if you like Space & Sandbox builders this is an awesome game and would highly recommend it!"
76561198048127312,Recommended,244770,14352042,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jdub2015,"Spent 2 hours building my ship, got out, stranger hops in it and takes off.Would Get Ship Jacked Again."
,Recommended,244770,33234658,Posted: 4 July,all,ISolox,"My hours are not accurate on steam due to playing the game through the non-steam launcher.Starmade is a great sandbox space game, especially for people who don't have the world's greatest graphics cards. Many other reviews say that its basically minecraft in space, which it really isn't. The closest thing to minecraft is everything being made out of blocks. The gameplay is entirely diffrent, and encourages to RP more than just play.PROS-Currently free actually, just go directly to the starmade website and download it. Buying it on steam is more just to support the developers.-Community is very helpful and nice to be around.-Sandbox is very open, your not limited by anything. Want to build a space station? go ahead. Want to build a massive multi-million block ship? Go ahead if you have the time-Game is being updated often, weekly usually.CONS-Single player sucks except for building.-No goals in-game except for ones that you make yourself7/10"
76561198042511477,Recommended,244770,19043428,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,CJ,"Honestly you can do a lot of things in this game, and i mean ALOT. The only limit really is your imagination wether you want to build a battle cruiser, space station, or settlment on a planet. The community is one of the best ones i've seen to as everyone helped me by answering my questions and letting me tag along with them, with one guy even buying me a ship.The only con would be the small community with the highest pop. server having around 25 people normally. Which is small compared to the UNIVERSE you can explore. I mean the place is ♥♥♥♥ing huge, you need warpgates to get to most places.Along with the fact that you have to know your♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to playing. Cause boy you haven't played a complex game untill you touched this."
,Recommended,244770,19632681,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Thoth,"Great game, a must for those creative minds who've grown tired of Minecraft but still love blocks. StarMade has improved since me and my mates first played it, my hours on record dont even begin to show how much time i put in this game. I played it long before it appeared on steam.The only problem i've encountered is the constant updates. I love the fact the dev's arent giving up, but it does get irritating updating your ship with the latest stuff. Especially when it first came out, mostly the reason i dont play anymore, dont feel like learning new stuff...Recommended 8/10. Also get some friends with this one, you'll end up bored after some time, I'd say after 100hrs... :D"
,Recommended,244770,14333809,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,IMPICKLERICKMORTY,"I am in love and addicted and at the same time conflicted. Im a planetside 2 streamer and need to spend time doing that, but this game calls me. Im conflicted in this sense because no body watches starmade streams. Do a twitch search and you will see (most of the time) 0 people streaming. The community is amazing and the ability for free private servers make me happy.The advanced building is going to take some learning but I hope to be building dreadnoughts and corvettes very soon."
76561198007264383,Recommended,244770,13272747,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Travis C.,"I have played this game in the past, and was awesome. but be warned this game does not play well with intel graphic cards, hence why i cant play its a 50 50 chance that it will work and it does not say this on the req. in the store page. but if it works its worth it."
,Recommended,244770,13905110,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Bjornkarl,"Wonderful sense of adventure playing this game. Fun to build your own ships, relatively easy to aquire more credits and build bigger ships, and overall visually pleasing. Easily worth the price tag.However, the MASSIVE universe of starmade is lacking in the sense that there are not enough people in-game yet to actually feel like a bustling space opera. This game will be INSANE when more players are involved, and I can see the potential for massive battles and wild group builds. For now, however, it is lacking in people currently in game.The majority of the experience hinges off the social aspect, at this point in development, so convince your friends to buy it!"
,Recommended,244770,24963451,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Muerks,"Don't let my play time on steam fool you.I've been playing this game on and off since it was just a rough idea in 2012 and only shortly have bought it via steam.Things improved a lot over the years and are getting better and better.After a long way this game is for the type of people loving to be creative and invest some serious time in a game.There is not too much grinding but be aware, you'll need to mine and craft :)The game is voxel based, so everythig can be changed.Technical issues:Well there are some minor things but it does not keep you from playing and enjoying the game.The only thing, which is not mentionned too clearly is that this game uses java.For the people that are having issues with the game, be sure to install the adequate java version!64bit windows goes with 64bit Java!!! After installing the 64bit Java, change the memory allocation in the starting client to a higher value.For the people still running a 32bit OS I'll say that they should not expect too much and the game will not run too smoothly as it really needs some horsepower :)For me most issues like crashes and freezes or stuttering vanished after installing the right version of Java.********Graphics:Here we stick with nice clean graphics, not too fancy but it gets the job well done.*********Sound:Sound is OK, but I guess it will be better in a while.********Gameplay:The gameplay is really good and once you understand how to control things everything falls into place and you get accustomed very fast to the controls.********If you like building, crafting, being creative and many other things, this game really could be for you.There is no recipe mechanic, everythig is build via different constructors, so no need to wiki for this :)Yes there are logic blocks and yes there are a lot of other good ideas :)And btw, don't get overwhelmed by the shear scope of the game, start small, try some stuff and progress slowly.You can try the demo version at first to get a feel for the game and after you spend a lot of hours you'll probably, like me, buy the game ;)Run your own server and play with your friends, you'll see, the world is a big place and you don't have to be alone."
76561198006887201,Recommended,244770,14927643,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Vossler,"I know a lot of people are hesistant to throw their support behind any early access project since it seems many of them never even make it to beta.  trust me, I bought Godus so I know exactly how that feels.  However, Starmade is definitely something I'd reccomend getting.  Right now the game is still in alpha but for the most part the fundamentals are there and they are solid.  There are occasional bugs and after a while the game does start to get a little old.  But the developer has stated multiple times that he wants to make sure the fundamentals of the game are in place and are stable before he starts to expand the game.  Even so there is already a growing community of builders on Reddit and YouTube who have built some incredible things and I would highly reccomend checking them out before purchasing the game.  I genuinely believe that this game has the potential to become something amazing and I also believe that with enough support the developer will make sure it gets there."
,Recommended,244770,13280674,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,WaKKO151,"Update: I stand by everything I said.This is the best game I have ever played. Its more like EvE then minecraft. Better crafting the Minecraft. I can not stress how cheap this is for $10 bucks. Still in alpha and is already better then EvE Online. Let me say that again........ ITS BETTER THEN EvE Online! Let that sink in.The crafting system allows you to create anything you can imagine and its very well balanced. For instance you can make any ship currently in EvE, and if you don't like there design you can tweak it to your hearts content. The primary gameplay focuses on taking and hoding sectors of space. Your faction claims them and then gains faction points based on how much they currently control. You can make turrets, drones, titans, all with AI control so you can gurad your systems while offline.You can create space stations, and colonize planets. You can board and hijack ships and stations. The game is simple to understand and learn, but would take a lifetime to master every intricicy. Bigger is not better in all cases. A small covert ops ship can decimate and unpreppared titan. I could literally talk about htis game and compare it to EvE and Minecraft for weeks. But I would rather play it and leave others to make there own choice. I still have an EvE account and activlely play, but there has been more station spinning and Que rolling since this game come out on steam. Its free to try, demo is the full game and you can join a server to see what its like. Its hard in the begining but some basic understanding of EvE will help you adapt quickly. It is more of an RTS then anything else, gameplay wise.-The best way to play is online with other people. There is no feeling like flying around exploring.-Finding a huge base, some sick player created ships, and then realizing none of them have faction modules.... So its all yours for the taking.-Creating turrets to protect your bases and watching someone warp in on top of it and immediatly exploding.-Creating a large troop of Drones, and releasing them a couple of sectors away from someones base.-Blowing up someones planet as they beg you to stop.-Camping someones homebase while offline... with your turret monster.It just Keeps getting better as I play. At first you are trying to figure otu the mechanics of all the blcoks and how to accomplish what you want to to do. But as I go along I am coming up with really complex ideas and then, overtime testing them.Magnetic mines, Shotgun turrets and stop effect Lasers, oh my.You are sleeping on the next great game. All space games will be compared to this in the future."
,Recommended,244770,19572713,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Y= 3Cos(x-45) + 2,i love this game. I played this game in its early stages. And it has progressed very well over the years.
,Recommended,244770,19572918,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,djdjdjdjx4,so addicting i gust love this game it has a feel i always wanted in minecraft that i never could get
,Recommended,244770,22270380,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SkyHawk024,"Ive logged alot of hours in SM and help run a server i revolved this game to any minecrafter lookking for a change in pace and scenery, i know this product is free on there site and as a demo here. BUT ALSO NOTE the development team of this game is small and each time a copy is purchased it helps the games developement along and helps the team make there game better so stop griping about my review people and actually help the dev team!"
76561198048124476,Recommended,244770,13296555,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Krausladen,"Unlimited Potential, but has a really steep learning curve right now.  I am sure the game will be much more simplified, tool tips will be added everywhere, etcetera, but for now its just kinda empty.   I played around and built 2 ships while I was playing for the 3 hours I was on here.  Havent fought anyone yet.  Havent really figured out how to go faster or all the different ship parts yet.The game has so much potential, I will say that much.  The game is still early in development so its a given that it should feel pretty hard to learn.  The concept is awesome.  Its sorta like Minecraft + No Mans Sky-Update After 5 hoursThe game is still kinda how I put it above, but I have figured out some more.  It is worth the money.  Give it a few hours to take it all in and youll understand it enough to want to play more."
,Recommended,244770,22567492,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LuC1us,"This game is good and has huge potential of expansion. If you like to be creative and building, you will get loads of enjoyable hours out of this game and even if you don't like these kinda things, you can surely get a few good hours of fun gameplay. Not even mentioning the multiplayer, it is REALLY GOOD, i mean you can reenact flippin' starwars and stuff! Go fight pirates with your friends, or even do PVP.Overall rating for this game would be 8.5/10. But has loads of room for improvement."
76561198094700984,Recommended,244770,14750526,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tsuki,Its a great game for sureJust a fair warning it requiers java 64
76561198211897003,Recommended,244770,22278590,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,vitoredwards,"This is a great game. what bothers me is the fact that I have a mac with more than enough space to run the game, all the graphics are great. But in game, it constantly lags, thats probably because of the large vehicles in the maps. But thats my problem with it. heres some stuff I wanna see in the near future:• A steam workshop• Better vehicle building systems• Actual planets• Better NPCs•Better weapons•and more"
76561198127009158,Recommended,244770,20689730,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Creeps,This game is bloody massive...(NOTE: this is a alpha game at the time of review before 0.2)This is none of the best space based voxel games I will play. So far they have a galaxy of untold adventures and epic tresures filled with dangerous pirates and friendly trade federation. I have played enough to tell you this:It's worth the bloody $15 bucks.
,Recommended,244770,31867950,Posted: 20 May,all,ラク先生(RakuSensei),Really good game for somebody who's into in depth building. I wouldn't advise anyone who's looking for a gameplay becuase most of your game time you will be building and excavating resources.
,Recommended,244770,34625528,Posted: 30 August,all,NOMiTRON,"A fun sandbox game set in space with excellent ship building and functional (albeit glitchy) multiplayer.There are lots of plans for the future of the game, but the order in which things get implemented seems piece-meal and a bit random at times. Development is a bit slow-going, but what do you want for free?If you're wanting some amazing story in a rich universe with an end game, look elsewhere, (or check back in a year or so).If you're the impatient type that ""buys"" Early Access games and then rants because the developers ""owe"" you something, please wait for the official release.But if you like building ships and space stations, mining asteroids, building with and/or battling others, tinkering with logic or making novelty contraptions, or  just floating around in a stick ship checking out the endless creativity of others, you really can't go wrong."
,Recommended,244770,15032996,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,GorillaB,"Definitely the highest quality voxel space game out there. Space engineers has the graphics crown, however starmade has far and away a better gameplay. The learning curve is worth it and Schema has been a very active developer for years. This gives me faith he won't disappear, barring a disaster.For me, this was well worth the $10. Especially considering you can still play it for free if you like (Demo) before buying. The demo is not feature-locked at all.Want to take over a planet and build a galactic empire? this is the only game you in the world letting you do this, build this, create this, yourself. Everything else similar is far more limited in scope."
,Recommended,244770,14379642,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dizee,"This game is good for anyone who likes a simple but expansive type of game. while the only complaint I can make is that the tutorial tends to lag a lot, the game makes up for it with its enless content and detatched and lonly vibe. Starmade starts off by dropping you into a sector with a shop, some money, and very limited resources for building a ship. While building a ship is fun, resources for a new ship are needed if your going off to fight pirates or raid a friend's base. The game essentially forces you into the depths of space, where you only have your crew. Starmade is a game that lets you mold it into what you want it to be, and I highly reccomend buying it."
,Recommended,244770,13284833,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,PrimeHitman,Very impressive for a early access game. Building your own spaceship is very intuitive despite the number of options and extras you can add to it.
,Recommended,244770,13453553,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Double Deuce,"Get. This. Game.It's easy to get into, and deceptively complex.  For example, they have logic blocks, aoe triggers, effects (on pretty much everything from lights to weapons) that you can do all kinds of  things with.  Those are  just a few examples.The game is freaking huge...not sure if it ever ends tbh...so many sectors in a system, systems  in a galaxy, galaxies in π and you have 42 (Gorilla math was used).The exploration is like a box of chocolates.  You could find a random shop to buy and sell  things, you could find a pirate station with turrets and ships attacking you, or asteroids, and I even hear you can find  a city but I've yet to find one.  There's planets and asteroids to mine, stations to build,  ships of every kind to make.  There's cloaking, radar jamming, scanning, jump drive (warping / long distance travel), push / pull weapons (tractor beam anyone?), drainers of all types, cannons, missiles, you name it, they probably have it.You can save your ship designs locally and on servers (multiplayer) and load them onto  another server using blueprints.  Think template that you fill with all the components and when the blueprint has all the parts it  needs you can spawn it.  You can build bases and outposts, or repair undiscovered /  unclaimed stations and  claim them as your own  / build on it.  There's factions (corps  / guilds) and every faction gets to claim 1 home base which is invincible to damage unless  they run  out of faction points (hard to do unless you claim alot of systems or die alot),Very customizable server settings so each multiplayer server you play on is probably different from every other.  You can customize your singleplayer server.cfg as well if you so choose.The cons:This is more on the servers you play on but when there's alot of people it tends to lag / warp.  (It's Alpha).  The initial RAM settings for the game is 1024  which  is really low.  If you are on a  64 bit OS you will want to download the 64 bit Java and change the RAM settings.  You can do this by going to the menu in the launcher > Options > Memory settingsI have 16GB RAM so I changed mine to 8192 1000 1000  and I stopped getting running out of memory errors  in game.  You will also most likely want to disable procedural background if you get alot of lag...caused me several seconds delay getting out of my ships in high pop servers.  All these options can be changed in the launcher, there's also advanced settings in  the launcher.All in all, this is a very fun game I would highly recommend it and I would buy it again.  I figured sooner or later there wont be a free demo and the price will most likely go up so why not support the devs now and not have to worry about it later on.Get in a faction with people or with friends as this amplifies the fun factor 10 fold.11/10 would buy again."
76561198125050476,Recommended,244770,24561820,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Maltheus,"My favorite part of Minecraft was being able to build complex redstone creations to automate all sorts of things. If that's what you liked most about it, then this game is definitely for you. You can set up factories to automatically refine what you collect into pretty much any block in the game. The stack sizes are huge and you can expand the storage space of a ""chest"" as large as you'd like. So if you were into collecting large amounts of stuff in Minecraft, then you'll appreciate how much easier it is to manage here.The best thing about this game to me is the design/blueprint system. When you have a shipyard, you can create a design using creative mode, and then it'll tell you what blocks you need to construct it. You can save off that design to a blueprint and import it to another server or single player game. It's like having WorldEdit built into the normal course of the game.Pros:* One of, if not the best, building systems I've ever seen.* Ability to create huge ships and stations.* Lots of potential for automation.* The ability to save/import blueprints.* Good assortment of blocks to work with.Cons:* High learning curve.* Wikis are sparse, meaning you have to hunt through youtube videos to figure stuff out.* Pirates are devastating for new players. I had to cheat (ie. use creative) to get that first decent ship built. If I hadn't I would have given up on it. Could probably do it now without cheating, but it would take too long.* Some of the controls are inconsistent. Like shift slows you down, unless you're in build mode, then it speeds you up. Sometimes you use Q to go up, other times space.* Ran into a few issues getting it to run on Linux. Almost gave up (glad I didn't).Before this game, I was playing a lot of Elite Dangerous on a Vive. Better graphics and virtual reality were not enough to keep me entertained like StarMade has so far. I wish it were a little more popular, but it has enough for me to play for years, just as it is now. If you can make do without a large multiplayer community (I play SP), and you like building, then I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,244770,14913289,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,xenonassassin6757,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uneSOPqqAFw
,Recommended,244770,15455156,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Boba Fett,"this is an great game that needs to be played. The only problem this game has is small texture bugs and thats about it. This game is great for communities to be made if you have the time. toutorial could be better, but in all if you are a Minecraft fan you will feel right at home."
,Recommended,244770,14234147,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Zylantis,"So i have about 150 hours in Starmade already and its awesome.  The game has a lot going for it even in this early stage.  Its well balanced and challenging enough to keep me going.  It also has everything Minecraft does not, Space and PIRATES!.  Here is to another 150 hours of fun!"
,Recommended,244770,25632491,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,evil_bloke,Great game. I always find myself coming back to Starmade.
,Recommended,244770,24946806,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The meme guy,"right, first ""real"" review.Pro's-somewhat good visuals-preety good builder-nice overhead for servers-good station system-good ship handleingcon's-a large learning curve-somewhat confusing crafting system-messed up faction system-bugsoverall, [7/10]should you buy, watch or avoid? depends, if you like games like minecraft, you might like this one, however, it is a bit lacking for content, and can get dull in single player if your not to creative, i would say watch, but if you want it, buy it.TL:DR [7/10], watch for changes."
76561198068408839,Recommended,244770,30419284,Posted: 9 March,all,[Gr-Kn]The_Green_Knight,"Just look at my hours. I only got this a few months ago. With new texture upgrade, weapons calibrations, and the introduction of fleet controls, this game has so much to work with! This is ideal for people who want to eventually create their own kind of EVE in Lego world. Players are relatively friendly and very helpful which helps everyone grow quickly and make fun RP scenarios spanning galaxies. Spurring alliances and rivalries between factions, and it's all done by you!CONSThe usual, it's early access, so updates to gameplay are still significant but there are plenty of very good youtube tutorials by the game's top builders/players. Also, servers can get janky, but that's probably just my bad luck too. I'm sure with new updates they will streamline the issues with mechanics that cause occasional lag.Good thing is!The devs are super committed to fixing problems asap and working on this game more and more. The starnadedock websidte is a fantastic community and the admins constantly respond to queries with hyper-speed! I never pay full price for a game, especially early access, but i saw the potential and i needed this badly, so I went for it, and I don't regret it one bit."
76561198205174609,Recommended,244770,24092931,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cold Armored Paladin,In my opinion StarMade is the best voxel-based game out so far on Steam. When I have played the game I enjoyed it as much as MineCraft. If your in between games and got some spare cash then I would give this game a try especially if you enjoy MineCraft.
76561198091467820,Recommended,244770,25406399,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Solumn Trade,"It's been a long time, and I haven't dabbled in a while. But, to put in a nutshell, it's a game that lets you build ships with Dragonball Z levels of firepower."
76561197976259471,Recommended,244770,29195477,Posted: 11 January,all,AZSLIMJIM,"Most of my time was on the Demo and I only recently bought the game. However, the game has already changed quite a bit in the time I have played. A new texture update was released updating all of the textures on the ship and logic blocks, however, the terrain and other models need to be done still. But there also is now an AI system in place for AI factions that will control territory and dynamically affect trade. Game is pretty cool and much mroe than a minecraft clone. Definitely a cool one alone with 7 Days to Die, although very different gameplay lol."
,Not Recommended,244770,17346081,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Alsos,"Great concept for a game but when it comes down to it but it seems as though the developement is snail pace. From what i understand this game has been out for years and hasnt really progressed. The community has been waiting over a month since the last update for bug fixes that are killing gameplay.While indeed the game is fun it is not particularly stable. Servers are a whole other story entirely. Server support seems minimal or just poorly done, either or.This game is only fun with other people, there is no real single benefit apart from unlimited blocks, but even then that kind of kills the point in my opinion. I would stay away from Single player and join a multiplayer server but that obviously brings you to encounter the above.What devs dont seem to realise nowadays is people would prefer a stable game over faster released additional content. People are ditching this game for purely this reason. Its like trying to put together a new desk while standing on your head..overall you're creating more problems for yourself in the long run.When it comes down to it I paid the money for this game so i'm going to stick with and hope for the best. I do enjoy the game and have played a lot of hours but everything above causes so much frustration.I do of course understand this game is still in Alpha but if given the choice im not sure I would purchase this again.Summary ~ Great concept, shoddy execution."
,Recommended,244770,14139237,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Steel,"Since Ive started playing this game, it was a small game. Now its a amazing game. Its just improved from the start.Amazing game, buy it to support the developers, It is worth all the money"
,Recommended,244770,32283550,Posted: 8 June,all,Markus_McCloud,"Oh, god. I've logged in WAY more hours in this game than I would like to admit...This game is a space sandbox. Soem people compare it to Minecraft in space, but that just doesn't do this game justice! This game is so much more than that! In this game, you can literally build any starship you want, and I do meanany!Literally EVERYTHING is customizable, whether you want to adjust weapons, turrets, drones, or even doors! The possibilities are literally endless! You know that 256 block limit in Minecraft? StarMade doesn't have any such limit! As long as you have the materials, you can make a ship as big as you'd like!In addition, this game has a thriving community on the StarMade Dock. On that site, there's thousands of space ships and stations to download and try out! Plus, there's a forum, a live chat, and live streams!The game does have a few issues. The biggest is hardware-related. While StarMade can run on weaker hardware, the performance isn't really fantastic until you play it on something a bit beefier. Good thing my laptop is no slouch!My verdict? 100/100. Despite beingstill in ALPHA, I'd say it's less buggy and more complete than a couple full releases I can think of! Right now, the free demo and the paid version are one and the same, but it won't be once the game leaves alpha. I personally suggest geting the paid version to support Schine!"
76561198091439314,Recommended,244770,34273336,Posted: 16 August,all,superrfw,"I'm not experienced with the multiplayer at all, but i've gotten used to the game mechanics anyway.Pros: you can build massive ships with full functionality,Ships can reach insane sizes and the game copes will with it.Seeing two ships fighting each other can be very fun.Lots of awesome community builds that you can easily download from the starmade website.Cons: Takes a LOT of patience to get used to it.Prone to glitches and bugs.Survival mode in single player can be a nightmare (Due to said glitches and bugs, somtimes your ships can dissapear but you can admin load them back if you save them as a blueprint).when getting into serious fights between ships, the game has some major balancing issues (ESPECAILLY for cube ships, although this is being worked on thankfully)Game is slow to get major updates and the AI needs work.Overall: I recomend this game IF you have a lot of patience and don't mind bugs and glitches, thanks to the admin loading system and blueprint system, anything you lose can be recovered so long as you back it up on single player. While i'm not overly sure on multiplayer as you can't admin load stuff, I've heard that it's less prone to glitches on servers.If you want to play a game with great potential for development and a good community and love to build ships for asthetic purposes, then this game is worth a shot, the demo has most single player content so try that out first if you are unsure.TL;DROnly play if you have near saint like patience. Once that's out of the way, game's great."
76561198108512665,Not Recommended,244770,33411135,Posted: 9 July,all,*****.rumskas,"The game has a lot of potential. I played 30 hours into it. It has a very steep learning curve. I began to manufacture items to build a bigger ship when I was hit by an inventory bug that crashed the game any time I used the 'R' key to open up a storage or factory inventory box. This made the game completely unplayable. Somehow the game even carried the bug over to new games that I created so I could not simply start over. Also, the game has some very convoluted builing mechanics. For instance, when building a turret that can track the enemy in every direction you will be required to use at least 3 different ship cores. Each ship core must be entered into, parts of the turret placed on that core, then docted to another core, exit that core, enter core 2, place blocks, doc core 2, exit core 2, enter core 3, place blocks then doc your turret on it. The big issue with this is not the inital building but if the turret takes hits and loses some blocks (which it will), how do you remember which ship core to replace the broken blocks , armor, or gun barrels on? Are those ship cores barried far under several layers or armor blocks for protections? Good luck. The game does allow you to download blueprints which does help some with this turret issue, but if you lose blocks, again you have to start removing armor, power modules, and other stuff off the turret to rebuild it. I still have high hopes for the game but in its current state, I can not recommend it."
,Recommended,244770,17500398,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mariosam100,"Starmade is a wonderfully looking vowel game where you're stuck near a shop in distant space needling to create a ship and persue you future. You can be a miner and refine materials, you could be a fighter and salvage enemy ships, or you could just buy things with the credits you have. And if you prefer a non survival approach you can use the cheats to get infinite blocks and build whatever you can imagine! There is no limit.I've had a really good time on this game, singlplayer and multiplayer. But try the demo first.:D"
,Recommended,244770,14293470,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TrixieStyx,"I spent the last few hours floating around space in a metal rectangle harvesting ore and crystal with no idea what their for, and the insane thing about it is I'm actualy haveing fun doing it. Haven't even goten to the actual crafting part and already the game has me hooked and its almost zen like in its simplicty, well until I flew into a star. Woopsy! Oh and look out for space pirates too, those guys do not mess around!Its basicaly Minecraft IN SPACE! But rather then a simple copy-paste job StarMade actualy improves on the formula in a lot of intresting ways. I like how basic crafting tools are built into the inventory itself so your good to go right from the start and its a lot more forgiveing as you don't have to hide in a hole the second it gets dark. Most the people I've encountered in Mutiplayer and on the forms have been nothing but firendly too. Its a fun game but be prepared to earn your greatness, the ship of your dreams wont build itself but hours of gathering and crafting make it all the sweeter when you finaly take out that Space pirate base with a custom-built weapon system."
,Recommended,244770,26997634,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frank the tank,Amazing game with a nice little community. Lots of ships and stations to download if you are not the most creative (like me). This is my go-to space game.
,Recommended,244770,14716669,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BWY,"I cant understand the negative voting for StarMade. In the beginning I wasnt sure wheter it's cool or not, but when i started, I was completly hooked. Get some friends to play with u, open a faction, build ur ships and stations and fight against other factions. How could it be better? :PA positive aspect is, that the developers work a lot with ideas and wishes of the StarMade community. I played this game now for some time and I guess I can say that it DOES make sense to buy this game in order to help the developers! U might think that Early Access is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but srsly guys, this game is better than some AAA-Games (at least in my opinion).And now I wanna tell u something very important for me. THIS IS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING MINECRAFT!Yes, there are blocks.. But there are also Wedges Corners and all taht kinda stuff here, alltough thats not the point! I just wanna tell u smth, I like a lot. If u fly away from Spawn, like 6 systems or smth like that, there wont be Shops. Okay, build a Station and play in that system for a while and BOOM there are shops... How that? Well, the Trading Guild (Some ""NPC"" Faction) built them. And thats not all, just an example. What I'm trying to tell u is: This game is freaking awesome and everyone saying it's a bad ""Minecraft Clone"" just doesn't want to see it."
,Recommended,244770,14837338,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Spinmaster,"I've been playing this game for a while as a free user but have finally decided to buy it and I must say that it keeps suprising me...The game still has a lot of problems and content to be added , but considering that it's in alpha , it's very well done.Atm I'd give it 7/10 but that could change in the future"
76561198043574057,Recommended,244770,19092301,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Fynnarius,"First things first...  in my opinion) this game is amazing, but far away from being flawless:Starmade is a voxel based sandbox game in space. A game where the player is able to build massive objects like a fully functional(!) Deathstar or a Viper from Battlestar Galactica or anything else one can think of. The only limit is ones own imagination. But thats not all. There are plenty of different things to explore, like space stations or ancient ruins on planets. Or you can just adventure out into deep space, to find asteroid fields to mine. And as an nice addition, the map is gigantic!That said, getting into the game can be a bit rough, because the tutorial, while it is very helpful and offers plenty explanations about everything in the game, is buggy as hell and pretty boring (although, that opinion can differ from person to person) .The controls are easy to learn, but a bit, well, I would say underwhelming. You cant decide how fast you fly. It is either maximum thrust or nothing. Also, the menu system is far from perfection and very confusing at first.And please dont even speak about the AI-quality.So, what is it, that makes me love the game, as much as I do?Well, here´s a list:- Starmade is very configurable through some easy to understand config. data- Huge fleet battles are possible if your rig is strong enough, that said, Starmade runs pretty smooth overall. Even on low end systems.- Dogfighting is super fun.- Weapon systems are pretty in depth- Starmade looks astonishing beautiful, if you`re into that kind of voxel based textures.- Multiplayer runs very smooth, as long as your ping is manageable-And most important, the overall mixture of building, fighting, exploring, mining and more building is just funThat said, I DONT recommend this game, if you plan on playing Starmade purely for the singleplayer experience. because, the lack of (good) AI and nice NPC ship designs is kinda meh.On a server with dozens of people on the other hand, this game is amazing. (Or even a small one, with just you and your two or three best friends). You can even upload ships or stations you've built in singleplay onto the server.Personal rating: 8,5/10"
,Recommended,244770,13299225,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,chronosws,"The good:- A tutorial - as in there actually is one and it's moderately useful- Various texture packs built in to the client so it looks less Minecraft-like- You can build *massive* ships and there is a decent selection of utlity modulesThe middling:- OK build tools - far better than Minecraft, maybe worse than Space Engineers- The star systems are basically all the same - pick any one and you can find every resources you need, no reason to explore- There are NPC enemies, and they will pester you, but don't expect to be challenged by cleverness.  Tenacity perhaps...The bad:- The crafting interface.  Yes it has a filter to search, but no categorization.  Browsing a small list is painful.- The UI elements.  Ok, this is early access, some of it is likely developer art.  Recommend these guys go look at Space Engineers for a better example of UI.- The flight model.  Flight games *scream* for a joystick and rudder system - this system only supports one controller at a time so unless your stick does everything, it comes out to be much less useful.  Using a keyboard and mouse to fly anywhere near a planet is basically an exercise in frustration - get a gamepad at the minimum for when you step inside a ship.This game is like Minecraft in space, but without so much grinding trying to find resources (they are in fact very easy to get once you build a salvage ship - you will spend more time waiting for the resources to process than actually acquiring them.)  If you like *building* things, you will enjoy this game.  If you like *fighting* things, your enjoyment will probably be short-lived.  If you like *exploring*, you're enjoyment will also be short-lived.But it's still Early Access, so give it some time.  It will no doubt improve (just see how far Space Engineers has come along.)"
76561198034979969,Recommended,244770,13498814,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,MadHaTr,"This is an excellent game if you like space, exploring, trading, fighting, building.It's a voxel style game(Minecraft) so you can build you're spaceships/spacestation/bases however you like.  There are loads of blocks to choose from and includes a build helper for shapes and symmetry and multi place options.The flight mechanics are good,  Astronaught flight can be clumsy at times, but not bad.  Camera options are mostly good but need more added to them.I'm completely addicted to the game right now.   The few downsides i've noted are already being worked on.  The gui is a bit dated but will be changed for next patch.  I think the map view could use some work as well.I %100 Reccommend this title."
76561198091669990,Recommended,244770,13399892,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lachlan,"this is an awesome game so many improvements from the free version i played a year ago. a great free build environment to play around in space. fun to just build a ship and fly around. one nice thing that could be implemented could be a menu screen instead of just jumping straight into the game. all in all this game is still in development, more features will probably be added, more fun to be had here. i rate this game 10/10"
76561198090967427,Recommended,244770,20534223,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,TheLonghorn LLC,with something so basic it is very in depth game and best part no borders takes you 15 mins to cross 1 sector at top speed tons of prefabs and worlds to explore worth the money
,Recommended,244770,23320588,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TheFactionGamer,"I have a lot of time put into this game as you can see. I love this game. Yes it has many issues and a few settings you need to change so it will work well, but it is a great game once you work those out. Here\'s a list of the pros and cons.-Pros- Minecraft in space- Endless creativity- Completely destroy planets- Incredible Multiplayer with factions and diplomacy-Cons- Eats RAM, need to change some settings so game will work properly- My computer can\'t handle singleplayer so Multiplayer is my only option- Crashes every now and then- Mining planets will extremely lag or crash serversI highly recommend buying this game if you love being able to build a ship to explore space, build a Titan and crush your enemies, or create a faction and conquer the galaxy with your friends."
,Recommended,244770,23887943,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wild rye pie,"this game has progressed so much!!!i have had this game for years now(before it came out on steam) and it's great to see some of the new updates come in.however, if you are in this for the combat-------back away slowly....combat is buggy and tedious, espacially in the larger shipsBUT IT'S NOT ALL BAD FUTURE BUILDERS!!!!STARMADE IS NOW THE BEST IMAGINATION SIM IN THE WHOLE UNIVERSE!!!srsy you can do anything in this game...except fight10/10 would pacifist again!P.S. the fleet combat is quite good, it's just the single ship to ship combat is bad D:"
,Recommended,244770,24846952,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mune,StarMade creative mode is already very good and survival mode is going to be improving with new developments.
76561198015901838,Recommended,244770,13360151,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,EssDeeKay,"To be honest, I didn't think this game was going to be any good, but I bought it anyway. Once I had downloaded it and got into the game, I tried the tutorial and got bored so quickly that I exited the game within an hour. Then, a few of my friends got the game, and I can honestly say, I haven't had so much fun playing a game in a long time. StarMade is so unique and so brilliant. After trying to find out how to build stuff and harvest ores off of a planet, I started really enjoying this game. I would write so much more about this, but I want to get back to playing the game.I recommend this game to your Steam Library, it's so fun with friends!"
76561198087438732,Recommended,244770,24525050,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,VexatorBoyMan,"This is probably the best game I've ever played! You can build whatever you want, space stations, starships, planet bases etc. At the beginning it may be a bit difficult because of the wide variety of possibilites the game offers.Much better than Minecraft!"
,Recommended,244770,15855987,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,draco_aroch,"I am sure it has been said, but it is like another, very famous, game that started the genre - except in space.  However, it goes a lot further.  There is much more to explore and you can have spaceship battles in your own, custom built ships.  It may still be in EA, but it is solid - just be sure Java is up to date.  I have not experienced any crashes or glitches."
76561198057953516,Recommended,244770,14184372,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,bronze_inigma,completely ruined miecraft for me even in early access
76561198256027565,Recommended,244770,29205010,Posted: 12 January,all,Albert Einstein,"A really good game for the price, I have been playing this game for maybe 4 years and it is definitely interesting. The singleplayer needs alot of work and the sound needs to be fixed, not to mention the music that needs to be added but its a great game and I suggest it to everyone that likes space. The game is still in alpha and they have planned alot of cool stuff, and the multiplayer is just great."
,Recommended,244770,18486611,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Rabid,"This is a tough one for me, I'd not recommend it to casual gamers yet, but do so for those who are more technically inclined and enjoy being part of a games development cycle.Buy this game if you like arcadey SpaceSims and building ships and are prepared to deal with lots of bugs and a long and slow development cycle.Despite it's Minecraft like roots this is not Minecraft, do not expect ""Minecraft in Space"" or that if you can run Minecraft you can run this game, it is pretty resource hungry and begs for a decent gaming PC.Do buy if you like tweaking things and have a good understanding of PC's. You'll need it to get the most out of the game.This game is the very definition of Early Access despit it's 3+ years of development. You are buying to play test it and report bugs, to help the development. If you are expecting a complete and optimised game look elsewhere.Do not buy this game if you own a Intel HD GPU, have low memory or just a basic desktop or laptop. You'll just end up playing at 5fps and crashing everytime you see a 1km long ship. Also avoid if you expect a fully functioning game anytime in the forseeable future and are easily frustrated and have little to no technical knowledge with computers and are not willing to learnPros:Massive Universe. Too many galaxies than you'll ever hope to explore.Decent and customisable Mechanics. Want newtonian physics? Turn them on. Don't like them? Turn them off. Most of the game can be customised via config files. Planet sizes, sector distances, ships speed, and more can be set to your liking.You can build virtually anything you can think of. From a tiny X-Wing fighter to a 1:1 scale 1.7km Battlestar. Despite it's blocky voxel nature you can create some really detailed ships and stations only limited by your imagination and PC's hardware specs.Fun PVP. Active servers and community, you can always find a server with people on it. Player battles can be fun and (now) drawn out affairs when ships are evenly matched,Great for Roleplayers.Great deal of content to work with and weapon/system variety. You'll always be finding new things to experiment with.Can that weapon maybe be used as an engine? Players are always coming up with new ways to use items.Persistant Universe done right. Dock your ship at your home station and log off. It's safe, unattackable and will be there in the morning unlike other games even though other players can still visit it. No frustration of days, weeks or months of work going down the toilet in 5 minutes to some a-hole griefer like you experience in games like Rust and ARK.Still while invulnerable there is a mechanic of faction points, allow your points to get too low and you eventually can be attacked at your home base.Makes you become part of the PC Master Race for real. No seriously, you will need to make your PC beast and up your PC gaming hardware and techical knowledge. No more 'I haz PC, so I iz Master Race' because you own a 13 inch Intel HD notebook with Windows, You are really gonna need to be Master Race material. XDCan for now play the full game free. But hey it's $10, don't be a tight♥♥♥♥♥and support the devs. If you try it for free and like it, BUY IT.And no doubt a bunch of other stuff I cannot think of right now.Now sadly onto the.....Cons:Uses Java.Game is Alpha, bugs and stability issues a plenty.Beefy system requirements. Forget where it says this game is scalable and designed to run on older computers. You'll be wanting powerful modern hardware to run a server or even play single player with a decent frame rate. 4GB of memory, 1 GB dedicated GPU or better a must. 64 Bit OS and Java, 8GB memory recommended. Even then large ships, stations and planets all at once will make your computer and probably you cry.Requires know how. The game defaults to very low memory, you'll need to know how to increase it, you'll need to know how to force your Java on your laptop to use it's AMD or nVidia GPU instead of the Intel HD crap it defaults to.You'll need to know how to tweak game settings. If gaming for you is turning on a box, inserting a game and little else, you're gonna have a bad time.Confusing interface. Options on the two different launch screens and options in game. They can all differ. What is available in game may not be available on the launch screen and vice versa. Some features may not make sense to you or may be ones you've not encountered before. e.g draw distance here works different to most games.Great for Rolepay. yeah, because there is no gameplay as such outside of building and mining. You have to make your own fun. Don't expect quests or epic battles with AI. AI pirates and trade guild are fixed one patch and broken the next.Speaking of which, patches, often they fix one thing while breaking another 2 or 3 things, and often you'll have to wait for the next patch (often months) for the issue to be fixed, just to find out it is actually broken more. No idea what the play testers on the test server are doing. It's clearly not play testing when things like the broken AI gets through to a release after just being fixed the previous patch. Hot fixes for such game breaking problems are extremely rare.Massive Universe, which will often feel more dead than alive due to lack of anything to do other than build and mine. Only life is the odd station with respawning space spiders.PVP: If you hate PVP and prefer PVE, you might hate this game, with nothing to really fight or kill at the moment other players will come looking for fun. Which will be seeing how fast they can blow up and loot your ship.Single player spam and lag: Be prepared to see a ""Server is under heavy load contact a server admin"" message in a big red box every 2 seconds even if your game is running fine. Experience random lag for no obvious reason even on a decent machine.Discriminates and punishes Left Handers. Yep that is right, if you're left handed like myself and rebind the WASD setup common to games these days to the Numpad as many of us lefties do, you'll find your controls conflict with building debug keys that are also bound to the Numpad and cannot be changed right now. Go into build mode on a entity with no systems press 8 (e.g forward) and POW your game crashes. Left handers be warned. :p (only affects build mode, regular play is fine.) Devs have no intention of fixing this yet.Stupid and uneccesary updates: Pirates broken? It's okay here's a patch that changes a perfectly fine block texture or renames an ore.........Who cares about the gameplay, we need to give the 2D artist something to do....... O_oUsual game forums based bad decisions. Space whales? let's add them to the game, because some forum junkies like the idea, forget the other million people actually playing the game who have no idea space whales are actually a thing being considered and feel they're completely stupid. Schine ignores the majority of players actually playing just like a real AAA studio. :pSeriously how about updates on the launcher or voting option so all are aware of what is happening? If we can have a ""email bug to devs button"" surely a ""vote on stupid decisions button"" would not be hard?And no doubt a bunch of other stuff I cannot think of right now.Summary:StarMade is a great game with a lot of potential and fun to play with friends if you're willing to make your own fun. Sadly though it often goes 1 step back for every step forward it makes.If you're patient and a space game fan who knows what is inside his/her PC and how tech works, and have a full understanding of what Early Access is and how it works I recommend you try and buy itt.If you're 12, love minecraft, think a 500 ping is great, love space whales, have no idea what a CPU or a GPU is, and expect Early Access games to be complete within a month of release, then please go away and stick to Wii U or Xbox."
,Recommended,244770,23411964,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sighmir,"I've been playing this game for a week, I was getting the hang of it. Today they released video tutorials for the game, its a whole new game for me, best building tools I've ever seen, hundreds of possibilities for you to let your creativity flow, get this. Oh.. btw.. the game also have space dogfights and planets and you can build space stations and its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to fight those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirates!"
76561198067827668,Recommended,244770,13618686,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,mattthomasfarmer,"Awesome game , can spend endless hours building and crafting lots of potential here"
,Recommended,244770,17458096,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Rose Collie,"I played StarMade a few years ago before it was released on Steam. I'm so glad that it's continuing to get updates. There's already enough to do to keep me busy for hours and hours. The game is stable for the most part; it's only crashed on me once. I used to play a whole lot of Minecraft, and I might even say that I like this game better because there's more interaction with the blocks. You can build a ship and have it actually move!"
,Recommended,244770,19558072,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Jesus Cat (Fwyrl),"Probably one of my best game purchases ever. I played it for several hundred hours before finally buying it, and still play it at least 10 hours a week, usually in one session.The best thing I can say for the game is that I keep forgetting it's early access. It's an amazing game already, and so much is coming still. I think it will eventually fill the promises it made, as well as all the failed ones that most, if not all, space sci-fi games made.Pros:-Ships are super-fun to design and build, and ship building is quite in-depth.-Multiplayer is unbelievably smooth, even with hundreds of ships, small or large, all fighting. That said, your client might need the settings turned down if the ships are big enough. Some people (myself inluded) build ships larger than planets.-The universe feels alive. They've redone the map, and it is glorious. We have blackholes (wormholes) now too, and a wide variaty of stations, planets and astroids now.-Despite the above, it manages to highlight how big and empty space really is, which is something i enjoy.-Docking is quite impressive and flexible, allowing for really cool effects to ships (Such as moving parts).-THE DEVS LISTEN TO THE COMMUNITY-Beautiful Graphics (if you like cube games)-So many awesome features, Im not going to even attempt to list them-Excelent Configurability-Good Community-Good mod support (never tested this, but I've heard no complaints about it)-Procedurally generated, and absolutly HUGE.-Probably forgot lots-Most importantly: The game is always improving, very quickly too. The devs push large quantities of bugfixes and updates every 2 weeks. It's similer to Space Engineers in that respect. Does not feel like an alpha game, really.Cons:-They're missing the inverse-corner shape D: I should get around to suggesting this. But I'm too busy playing the game.-AI still needs work, though it's getting better-Factions need work as well, though that's coming in a future update-Very large systems cause non-negligable client lag (negligable server lag though) (I mean multi-thousand block doors, etc)-Very large ships cause some lag (500x300x300 m3 + on my craptop, but easily 10 - 1000+ times that for good laptops. Virtually unlimited for a solid desktop.)-Alpha game. Lots of balance changes, content changes, etc.-Tutorial needs a lot of work - it's outdated. Again. Mostly because of the update frequency.Very addictive game, good if you like designing spaceships, or space combat. The game also fully supports mining, trading, etc, however, I stick to ship building, because that's my favorite part. This means I can't speak for those systems, but I've heard they're good.If you want a good example of the game currently, get the demo - it's the full game, and it will be, until the game leaves Alpha. If you want a good idea of where the game is headed, and how it's changed/is changing, check the website, and look at the ""news"" tab.For some of the best reviews about why I (and many others) like the game, read the funny reviews tab.Edit: Forgot to mention the learning curve. I joined back when the tutorial, buggy as it was, was plenty. At the moment, however, the game has become so complicated that I'd recommend starting in MP and asking a player to teach you, or watching a youtube video."
76561198058295172,Recommended,244770,13288310,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,pM/\q,"Ok, after I fixed the game thanks to the superb support staff at Starmade, I must say I am exited for my future endeavours in this huge universe. If you are having the player drifting problem, follow these steps.unfortunately it looks like your installation is broken.The best and easiest way to fix it, is to create a new folder and start with a fresh automatic installation of starmade.To do this,browse to your hard-disk (C:) and create a new folder.I suggest using the path:C:\Starmadehowever, any path not in a protected area from windows will work. ('Programs', 'Desktop', 'Download' and 'My Files' are places that can cause problems. Antivirus scanners block access or scan every file-access and slow down your game without a good reason.)Now place a fresh downloaded launcher from the official download pagehttp://star-made.org/downloadin that folder and start it.Now select the correct path in the Launcher:enter the correct path into the opening dialog:Hit OK andlet it install the latest version by clicking on:in the Launcher.Your starmade should work now.If not please add log from that installation.Open:C:\Starmade\StarMade\logsand send in all files you see in that folder.We will check for the source of the problems then.(Yes it may sound like a fraud, but this is the only way we have a reliable log, where we have a good knowledge about the load orders and events happening.)- Andy Püttmann^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ This guy rocks"
,Recommended,244770,13450194,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bliss72,This is the best Early Access game available right now.
76561198070780699,Recommended,244770,13864444,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,biggestreimannd,"If you love minecraft this is pretty much the next step.  Still needs alot of work but the devs are keeping up with updates and what there working on.  But if youve always wanted to build your own space craft and fly arcoss the galaxy this is it.  Construction consists of more than your basic square block, theres several tetra shapes and wedges to give a craft or object a more round apearence.  Collecting blocks (mining) is very easy and quick depending on how you do it.  Lots of cool stuff to play with like missiles, sheilds, automatic turrets and AI's.  Graphics arent quite there yet.  Lowest setting some blocks have more detail than they do on the highest setting but it should get fixed(i would think). But ive had alot of fun just playing in single player but it can get boring by yourself.  But thats why theres multiplayer.  Overall its a really good sandbox for the stage its in.  If it follows the minecraft dev line there will always be new content and fun stuff being added and worked on.  Well worth the cheap price!"
76561198044349482,Recommended,244770,14039860,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,spectrum1994,"I full heartedly support this game. I've been playing it since learning about it, about .4x release or so, back on Minecraft when i asked a few of my buddies about any other games like it. And by far this game TRUMPS Minecraft when it comes to sheer size, exploration and sense of seclusion.The game itself is a massive sandbox for those wondering about it. It allows you to build practically *anything* from houses,  hovercraft and mining vessels, to fighters, gigantic mining stations and factories! The game itself requires a very good computer to run (a 400$ Acer like me, cannot handle the newer patches to the game for instance. I'll be able to play the game in February in earnest when i build my new gaming rig :) )This game also supports exporting projects from 3-dimensional tools like Blender as blueprints! which then can be implemented into the game and 'purchased' with in-game currency. This helps when you see a 3D model and think ""if only i could fly it"" ;)Combat is heavily based upon your ability to protect your 'baby' (your ship or creation) and it gives you a VERY wide variation in weapons and protection possibility! From mobile sentries to stationary defense platforms you can protect worlds, sectors or even entire quadrants! The game is literally stagnated only by YOUR creativity. YOU control the fun. YOU control the environment for the most part. And as the game says in the description, it is YOUR universe.Personal experience with the game:I first started up on a mini-server called Illusive with 4 buddies of mine. we made a faction called ""The Fringe"". We hung around the spawn for a couple days, learned how to build basic ships and began an adventure out into the void which lead us nearly a THOUSAND sectors away! it took us nearly an hour to reach our base... what started out as a derilect NPC shop out of supplies. We branched off, made 7 massive combat vessels over the course of 2 months and made 6 sentries capable of holding off the average A.I pirate (special made ships which turned out to become more aggressive over the years.) Our three flag ships....The Leviathan:a massive Dreadnaut carrier (blender model i made) designed to carry 120 small fighters with 2 lasers. With 1k engines and a little over a million shield the beast didn't move fast.. but it could take a beating.Leviathan pictureThe Liberty:A smaller ship, designed to be made in bulk as carriers, support vessels, combat cruisers. These were going to become the backbone of an A.I based defense fleet of about 15 ships. Lead by my buddie's ""Shadow"" Liberty shown here.Shadow LibertyThe Behemoth:A project i was working on for nearly 2 months and ended up halting because the size was killing my frame rate (at least until next month ;) ) And at nearly 18million it was not going to be something i could simply spawn in. With that in mind i made this beast a floating battlestation. With 6 guns capable of a mind-boggling 1mil damage output per second, a shield of nearly 100million and a battery chamber that engulfed the inner body of the ship, it wouldn't be going down without a fight Unfortunately my computer couldn't run ascreenshot without crashing the game once i got the second 3 barrel cannon on the ship, so here it is in the prototype stagesBehemoth wrapup part 1after the first month this is what had been made....Another ship, which i unfortunately do not have a picture of, is an even BIGGER ship that a member of the Fringe we picked up later had built. It held 18 turrets on either side, with a gun that lined the middle of the dual hull ship with a damage output that made my ships sound like a laughing stock. He spent 7 months building it up. The ship was called theKeldon. I have a partially damaged blueprint of the ship personally saved and will hopefully be able to repair it. However sitting at a whopping 128million to spawn it? i'll be working on it in singleplayer. lol"
,Recommended,244770,13931583,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr Saxon,Love the game. Worth the 10 dollars. I feel they could charge a little more to be honest. Check out the free demo. Thats what sold me. Buy this game a support these guys.
76561198064682105,Recommended,244770,13274811,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Xozak,"If I added all the time I spent playing games on Steam and multiplied it by 15, maybe that would approach the time I spent playing minecraft FTB/Technic/ATL. The day I found out Microsoft got their hands on it was the last time I ever logged as I knew it was over (or at least what i loved about it)  Before Minecraft got its claws into me all I did for the year prior was Play EVE online.  Ever since I stopped playing Minecraft I've been on a epic game buying spree that has only succeded in draining my coffers and mild depression from not being able to enjoy myself as much gaming.  If you are also living those dark days let me be the first to tell you...they are over 11/10"
,Recommended,244770,13287834,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mr. Cactus,This game is like Space Engineers and Minecraft had a child that surpasses both of them
,Recommended,244770,13820085,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr Slimsta  ツ,"At first you will dislike this game as it is confusing at first. Then you build your first ship and then you love it. Millions of planets to explore, an entire galaxy to fly free around with no loading screens and claim parts of the solar system for your faction. Build massive ships to a size however big you want. I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,244770,21699271,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,sherpachump,Good game! Took me a while to get it running and a little bit of a high price but still worth it!
76561198151238857,Recommended,244770,13690105,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Blue,"Tricky start.. BUT if you just keep trying you will soon understand the game and it will be sooooo mutch fun!I started with a mate and it instantly got funnier, so i recomend you are atleast 2 when you play this :)"
,Recommended,244770,13659681,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Wullie,Love it! Amazing game just can't get enough of it. Play as you want do as you want.I'm happy that I bought it and I can't wait to see what else the developers will do with it.
76561198057080996,Recommended,244770,13889771,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,brianops1 (Selling),"I really do enjoy this game from the beutiful outer space, to the lava filled planets. There is 1 reason out of many why I love this game so much 1. it is like minecraft just with space, spaceships, lots of diffrent blocks, traveling through outer space."
,Recommended,244770,19506651,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ohNOPEN,"This is so close to being an absolutely amazing game. Currently, without a more complex/dynamic NPC faction system, my biggest problem is that there isn't enough to do in single player. I don't have a ton of time to invest in playing on servers, so I think that solves that problem, just not for me. Another problem I have is that there are a TON of systems and mechanics to learn, and perhaps they're not the most intuitive. I haven't played in months, but the crafting system was a bit confusing for me back then, and more stuff has come in since then.Now, done with the negatives...This is a great game. Open world? Not good enough, try open space. The building system is fantastic, and you should check out some of the ships and stations people have made- they're absolutely stunning, nothing short of spectacular. The combat mechanics are fun and exciting, and there's a lot of room for ships of different combat and non-combat roles.I can only say GET THIS GAME. It's a ton of fun, and the progress made over the past year is phenomenal. The devs are doing a great job and like I said- this game is just a couple features and improvements away from being something truly special."
76561198310848513,Recommended,244770,26229649,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lonnehart,"Any game where you can build actual working ships is a huge draw for me.  I'm saddened that I didn't discover this game sooner.  After being burned by another game I would rather not mention this game may be what I've always wanted.  Space mining, watching your back for hostiles, and lots of space exploration.  Complete with the ability to build customized ships and with a multiplayer environment even.  :)"
,Recommended,244770,13397245,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Gohonzon,"So far I've been just building a make-shift spaceship in the vast, openn world of this brilliant game. However, it has become a little diffucult having to connstantly back-up the game to play, sometimes feautures missing and having to re-boot again. But however I have discovered a adware on my comp. so you probably won't encounter such a problem. This game is worth the buy. Seriously. Can someone build a Star Destroyer or a Separatist Star Frigate from Star Wars? Anyone? No? Eat bread."
76561198023459843,Recommended,244770,21982858,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Bazou,"+400 hrs minecraft+150 hrs empyrion+30 hrs space engeneerhi this is more a WARNING than a review , this game has a lot of potential but, in it's state it is very incomplete, unpolished and with a very steep learning curve. Try the demo to get an idea for yourself. i hear they are working on the game but i have notice they are puting more new stuff in the game than polishing it. Effectively scaring potential new player from the game. I have no problem with caring for existing player but without attracting and keeping new players this game will remain an unfinished product played by ship builders no offence intended. And to finish this review THANK GOD i'm ok in computer trouble-shooting this game is not user-friendly to start or debug, good luck with that. hummm. great potential i tell you so i'll check back in a while you never know.Todo list:A very intuitive tutorial.A very easy level for new or extreme casual player.A few  limited blueprint to start the game.A factory guide ingame.A way to tweak the world you play in."
76561198122692569,Recommended,244770,13649966,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,magnuson,"Good game, time consuming tho"
,Recommended,244770,13664691,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,99th |  Yoshiko Hanabatake,"Even Better than the free version, this game just keeps getting better. Worth every penny. 9/10"
,Recommended,244770,17882779,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Grue,"Amazing! Its like space engineers and minecraft kinda, its easy for newcomers to learn and its complex enough for masters.You get this incredible feeling when you build your own space ship and have the ability to take down your opponents in awesome space fights.Edit: I spent like 2 hours building an awesome ship and I go to mess with some space pirates and i get a lazer shot through my ship from front to back the size of a van. I decided to take a crying break."
,Recommended,244770,17932244,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Wake Array,"I've only played a little over 8 hours so far and I'm simply floored by how cool this game is. The game's Minecraft like take on spaceflight and spaceship/station building is simply fantastic. While my current ship building ability is akin to a 3 year old drawing on the wall with crayons, I'm simply in love with the full gamut of things available to build with. Looking on Youtube you can find users who've built fleets of Titan class ships that look absolutely gorgeous and wonderfully showcase what this game can let you build.The first ship I built was simply a small cube. It was hideous, but after a run in with a pirate station (which chased me for a fairly long ways) I had to rebuild. I landed on a planet and mined the only thing I could see: lava. I wondered what I could do with lava and found out that while it's useless for crafting, it makes a seriously bright ship. So I built a ship out of lava. After watching some videos on youtube I realized that I'd just wasted a significant amount of time doing nothing, and I built a better ship purely for mining. It's ugly as sin, but it can demolish an asteroid in about 2 minutes, so I'm happy with it for the time being. After I mine a bit more I'm going to dive into crafting, then I'll make a really big ship. (Currently mine doesn't have an inside) I'm also hoping that (since I know how to use Photoshop) I can possibly contribute to some of the texture packs onhttp://starmadedock.netSo far I haven't recommended any game to my friends as much as I have this one. I already bought the 4 license pack and hope the developers keep on chugging away on this, it has so much potential."
,Recommended,244770,28239869,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Agent BLU,"The only thing that'll turn most people off is the fact that this isn't really a pick-up and go type of game that people with an attention span of a gold fish are so used to these days..   You really have to sit down and figure out what kind of ship are you going to make, and that is where the real fun of the game begins.    I made a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ transport-looking shuttle that I use for construction and stuff, and even added a door on the side so i can get out and come back inside, and even placed lights inside the ship so i can see where I'm walking to go sit at the cockpit and fly the thing.   Once you figure things out from the tutorial menu, things will begin to make sense.The Menu UI is cluttered, but at the same time helpful once you look past it.   Best feature of this game so far?  You can start a single player mode right away and mess around with the game and learn how to play it before going online and even importing your saved ship in a blueprint file so you won't have to waste time building before getting blasted by other players, something like that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ ""Rust"" doesn't do!Some online servers are ""PvP"" so, it's a good idea to save your blue prints and gather the materials you need to make your ship right off the bat so you're not empty handed.Think of minecraft and star citizen mixed in together.   Do whatever you want.  explore derelect ships, mine resources, fight people.  I heard the universe is very expansive, so there's that too.   Oh and if you want to build the millenium falcon, it can happen as long as you have enough resources."
,Recommended,244770,30277335,Posted: 2 March,all,Jirokoshi,I approve this game: but there needs to be a sandbox/training mode at least
76561198327370140,Not Recommended,244770,29991192,Posted: 17 February,all,devajc,"Theres no content and very many preformance issues. Devs keep saying they will add content and things to do after theyve built a solid base but its been 4 years now and this game is still a laggy bug filled mess. Absolutley not worth $20 and the price is still going to incrementally increase. It has alot of potential and I feel bad leaving a bad review because I know the devs are passionate and work hard with the limited resources they have but the game still suffers. Planets dont ever fully load, weapon graphics bug out and I can only se them half the time, theres no survival aspect: no hunger/sleep/enemies to fight other than generic pirates. Basicaly the biggest problem with this game is that there is no reason to get out of your ship core EVER. Also there are so many game mechanics which are not explained in game or at all. You have to resort to youtube tutorials made by gamers who dont always explain things right. If you havent been following this game from day 1 you wont know what any of the blocks do at all. Like how is a new player supposed to make a basic salvage ship without resorting to online tutorials? Theres no information at ALL for the game functions. Not an exaggeration. I still play this game though because hopefully one day it wil get better.EDIT: This game gets worse and worse everyday! The sound never worked consistently but now i can hear the core flying noise when im far away from my core in buildmode, I can hear it in the main menu, I cant download any ships from the docks because the game has stopped recognizing some of the files. Wish I could get a refund..."
,Recommended,244770,13287486,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,denon39,10/10
76561198066193378,Recommended,244770,26161821,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Buddhaone,"StarMade is ruining my life but that is okay :P played about 80h so far (in about 5 days cause the game doesn´t let me sleep very much) and finally start to understand the basics...this game is extremely difficult to start with....the tutorial is almost a 5 min videotalk followed by you being lost in space with a shipcore and a couple of credits. There are some good tutorials on youtoube though which you will need cause some things are too techy to work out yourself without being a bloody electrical engineer or something^^The design options are infinite and with the logic modules etc you can (in theory) build semi automated fleets. However, you better be prepared to spend 5h on making your first logic circuit work....or 15h on designing a turret to dock to your ship...or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of hours to design a rail docking system for your mining drones.One real hint to take away: Create blueprints of your beloved ships to be able to rebuild cause pirates turn out to be rather strong and can easily rip your ship apart with a few shots.Back to building my carrier...over and out ;)"
76561198193411730,Recommended,244770,15824432,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,THExTHEEN,this is a great game but i have memory problems with the game i will play for 10min and will get a memory error this is not fun and i can not play the game as much as i would like. but over all its a good game.
,Recommended,244770,29505842,Posted: 26 January,all,A Meme Reborn,Minecraft in Space. You can build and fly insanely huge ships and build a base on a planet or in space. You can combine weapons to make them more powerful or fire faster.
,Recommended,244770,23516411,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Howard_Benson,"Being one who has played Minecraft and since gotten very bored of the growing immaturity of the community, I was very excited to stuble across this wonderful game.I have always loved sandbox games, and this is no exception.You are in spaceYou build in spaceYou lag in spaceEverything you could ever ask for in a game. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,244770,34491411,Posted: 25 August,all,Andricus,"To start off, I bought this game to play with my friend. I spent about 5 hours trying to get a server to work, (I've done Minecraft servers and a few other games before) And I eventually was able to connect, but when he joined he would get in for a few seconds, then crash.So I wouldn't recommend this game for multiplayer unless you want to play on a public server.Since then I've played a bit of single player, And I've found that the game is VERY unoptimized, I was even able to get better performance in Space Engineers, Even though that game has been notorious for lag with me.PROS:Very Large Universe.Decent Graphics.Planets.Factions.NPCs. (Extremly Glitchy)Decent Community from what I've seen.CONS:The game seems to get stuck at 30FPS even though I told it to go up to 60.Unoptimized.All the tutorials for setting up a server that I've found are outdated.Clunky building controls.Planets are very derpy, they aren't a sphere and they tend to be very laggy, also when I enter the gravity field of one my ship just tends to bounce backward out of the gravity field.Clunky Camera Controls.I'm sure you'd get used to it but the HUD tends to confuse me.There doesn't seem to be very many sound effects, I can't tell if they're doing that because there's no sound in space, or if it's a glitch.There is pretty much no survival element, Sure you can die, But you don't have to eat or drink or worry about oxygen or anything like that.3/10, It has a lot of potential, but it also has a lot of issues, and if the Devs don't fix those issues, I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,244770,29470448,Posted: 24 January,all,mapppa,"Don't be fooled by my playtime as I usually play without using steam.Pros:* Excellent ship building. This game probably outshines many other games when it comes to building. It has many tools to make building a lot faster and easier* Multi-player. Even though it can lag in larger ship battles, starmade probably provides the best multi-player experience of all space building games out there. It's especially fun to build and explore with friends on a server. It also provides to ability to run dedicated server for both linux and windows.* Scale. No other game provides this kind of scale. The biggest ships in other games wouldn't even be considered medium sized ships in this games. There are also some extremely beautiful ships made my the community from all kinds of franchises* Great weapon system. Weapons can be combined and used in a lot of different ways. It's very fun to play around with it. It's however a bit imbalanced at the moment for PvP, but that is to be expected of a game in alpha* Logic Systems and Rails. This feature is one of the best. You can virtually build anything. The rail system allows for complex doors, elevators, and countless other mechanisms. The logic systems lets you control you build things from simple light switches to password protected doors to even crazier stuff like space monopoly.* Fleets. Although a bit buggy at the moment, the fleet system allows you to bring your own carriers into battle.* NPCs. The new update provided lots of gameplay for single and multi-player and finally made the universe feel a lot more aliveCons:* The game is still in alpha and that shows at several points in the game. Some features need polishing or more work and there are some bugs. However the devs have announced they will address these issues.* Depending on your playstyle there is not much to do after a certain point in singleplayer. The NPC update did help with that, but there more is needed, and it has been announced that there will be more.* Some ex-community members are extremely petty. Some got banned for insults and trolling on the forums. They like to spread conspiracy theories on the devs, like this game becoming an RTS, even though the main dev explicitly said that is absolutely not true and the claim is pretty ridiculous to begin with. They also post bad reviews from their little group and delete any comments. Another guy keeps bumping his own negative review, also removing any discussion. Keep in mind that all these people got at least 500 hours of playtime on their accounts, which makes this all the more laughable. Some like to discredit java with their nonexistent knowledge of programming languages, which is easily debunked.EDIT: Since redalert is suggesting I'm not on the forum let me insure you, I've been there for a long time, but not with this username."
76561198102805204,Recommended,244770,14375688,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,WhenUDrinkSalt,"Okay, I made a bad review for this game the other day, but I've decided to take that back. This game is pretty amazing. I finally found a fix for my friends' games. We traveled through space and went into wormholes together. It was awesome. (P.S here's the fixlink:https://steamcommunity.com/app/244770/discussions/0/622954023418447147/)"
76561198039963980,Recommended,244770,27660016,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Almond,A great game that gives the player a lot of freedom in what they want to do and how they want to play. I have followed this game for some time and feel that it has massive potential.
76561198080329295,Recommended,244770,13789991,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,HaviK,Worked really hard on a Gigantic ship that i spent 2 mil credits. Flew 3 hours straight through deadspace. Got one shot by a pirate station. 11/10
76561198079040227,Recommended,244770,20732249,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NexusIV,"I played this game 2 years ago <3 this was back when planets were just big disks, and people looked like silver blobs with blue faces, kinda like a noodle man xD I made so many good memories there- heck, my name NexusIV was created for Starmade, and used ever since <3I remember finding this guy, who had a giant ship with tons and tons of docking bays on it :DI remember pooling resources with some other people to make our very first space station x3(we lost it)I also remember making another space station, just to find our old one again xDI haven't played the steam version at all yet (as you can see by my hours) but i really loved this game back then, and i will gladly pay to support future updates and the future of this game :D"
,Recommended,244770,13756927,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Built a ship out of only shield modules. Died in one hit from a pirate sniper ship. 11/10Really though the game has some fun elements but it can be very frustrating and grindy. You need to play this with friends or with a faction for it to be worth the time
,Recommended,244770,13445338,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Mrobby,"I played StarMade about 2 years back, and it was amazing, i thought it was kind of hard to get your head around, but i loved it. when i saw it was on steam,  I didnt even need to think about buying it, i just did. now with the basic tutorial you can understaned most basic things in starmade, even though you will need to find a bit by yourself, it is a great game in my opinion, but if they needed to improve something, it would be sound and interface, the interface at the lancher is kind of dull, and a soundless universe where there is no music to keep you up is kind of depressing, over all starmade is a great game, and for 10 dollars, its going ot be worth it, trust me9/10"
,Recommended,244770,13744531,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Invictus,"Really fun game, minecraft in space!"
76561198015456313,Recommended,244770,13887145,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,hellbiter88,"This game has lego style blocks, starships, stars, warp drives and BLACK HOLES!That ^^^^ right there is enough for me to recommend this game. HOWEVER: Note that this game is still incomplete, and it shows. As much as I love what's going on here and the raw potential this game has, note that there's some issues, read: many issues, yet to be resolved. For example, Travel is unbelievably slow. You can easily change this by editing a text file (google ""How to increase Starmade speed limit""), but this is not something a noob like me would even know was possible, let alone standard. Also, the planets currently have no mobs that spawn, so apart from gathering resources here and there, selling them, building a ship, travelling about, and I suppose fighting pirates or joining a server, there isn't much to do. At least it feels that way after awhile. Other stuff needs to be added to make it more engaging. Also, I do not like the crafting system at all, and find that I have much more fun just using console commands to acquire items and building my own ship creative mode-style.But all-in-all, yes, I recommend this game. I'm having fun with it--just know that if you're the type who doesn't like building things.. this game is definitely something to reconsider."
,Recommended,244770,18970621,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Wince,"09/11/2015  @ alpha v0-19485:Nice project, with lot of potential. Very curious to see how all this will evolve.Go for it if you want to help the game gettin' better you can already have a lot of fun with everithing that is currently available.the things i m especially watching for in the incoming updates:- Watching for grid overlap with docking, curently allow many many many sort of exploit.- Ui improvment (mostly factories endless scrolling menu, a table with many component seeable & last entered amount would be preferred imho, actually it tend to make crafting with lot of different block really tedious, eventually single factory different component building queue will be appreciated at some point and/or factory production switch from [display]//logic circuit ; chat not real intuitive in it's current form, pop pup window over pop up window, tab and overlay are usually much more handy)- Overall inter chunks Synchro (for logic stuff especially)- something really need to be done about the ""nahhhh mine is bigger"" kind of stuff, on a side we have some very nice and interesting calc table for power grid & others system & etc., on the other side , actually, the game in it's current alpha stat don't handle at all design built according to that optimization spirit, multiple core/grid imbricated for e/s optimization are a real pain for server when broken even ifthey are from far the most efficient kind of design in term or size/""e/s""/block count/weight/manoeuvrability/amount of system & balance/ ratio & disminushing returns intersected curves, + @ medium long term staking power on a single grid not really interesting regarding what the game mechanics has to offer but the engine can't handle for now."
76561198107401742,Recommended,244770,19033745,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Hizeron,"I love the possibilities with this game, and I recommend it to any sci-fy fan. There is a learning curve with this game, but I consider it a game worth learning.Some things you can do in StarMade...You can mix and match weapon systems and support systems for cool useful effects. You can save the ship you just built as a blueprint, build a ship yard, and have it make more ships. You can design functional turrets.  The logic system in the game is stunning, and with it you can make moving platforms, combine logic systems, and do other amazing things. You can explore massive galaxies, connect star systems by warp gates, raid pirate bases, mine asteroids or entire planets.There are many things I am still learning about this game, and some small details I want fixed, but I am loving StarMade as it is, and look forward to its continued development."
76561197994854344,Recommended,244770,18967975,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Blackalokalypse,"I've only just purchased this game so my hours on the demo do not reflect here, but new non the less and my opinion should be taken with a ladel of salt.In one sentence; The integrity and feel of Minecraft's Tekkit mod in space with the galatical proportions and procedural generation of worlds and galaxies akin to Spore. Hard to sum this game up in one short sentence.This will take time to reach a point where you are comfortable with all the features in the game spanning the crafting side of things and most things just take time in single player because, well space has a lot of space.I'm playing on a Mac (eat me, idgaf) so I obviously ran into some errors while trying to play this game, like a buggy tutorial. I managed to over look that and educated myself through youtube on how this great gem works and found plenty of support there. (Yogcast has a series on this I hear, so that's worth checking it out if you like their previous works.)SO will take time due to high learning curve, great for voxel fans and great for space and sci-fi enthusiasts.I don't have the time for this game but It's nice.(If you're working a job with plenty hours, this game may frustrate you with the time base commitment needed to overcome the steep learning curve. Download the demo first, see what it's about and then consider supporting the team if you believe in this cause. I have a full time job, starting me off on a pretty disappointing and frustrating foot, but worth it later on.)"
76561198122333396,Recommended,244770,14153563,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,DELTA FORCE YELLOW!,a long time ago on a old old pci had star made before it was on steam and i lovd itbut it was free to play and now it is 10$ >:(stil a good game and stil fun
76561198031965890,Recommended,244770,13598553,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Hank Hill did nothing wrong,fun game with ok graphics but it could take a few hours to fix the technical problems7.5/10
76561198038451176,Recommended,244770,18032027,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Petrolem,"This is Minecraft on Steroids.it is a truley magnificent game, its complex and indepth but also simple once you know how.the tutorial needs work but at this stage its still alpha. i watched youtube videos to learn most things.same as i did for minecraftthe things you can make in this game are amazing only limited by the imagination...and resources of course.its great to play with friends and make a little faction, making a planet has your faction homeworld and even claiming solar systems for your faction.there are NPC pirates around the galaxy which on the server we been playing on must of been upgraded as they arenails.Endless expanding universe.this game needs to get more publicity as i honestly believe it is so much better than minecraftMinecraft/EVE online/Space Engineers/No Man Sky if you like any of these games then you should love this.highly recommend"
76561198132220987,Recommended,244770,13362947,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hamburglar,"This game is absolutely awesome. I have not found a single bug or glitch yet. It is totally worth ten bucks. The only problem i have with it is the fact that whenever my screensaver pops op, it closes the game. However, it always saves so i never lose progress. A+ for this game."
76561198021920046,Recommended,244770,13703465,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ZoMbIE Fa110uT,"I will recomend this game because it is very promising and looks spectacular, although i do not have the time nor the patients to learn it lmao"
,Recommended,244770,13875282,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,KoolAidtheRed,"If you played Minecraft and you even remotely find the idea of a space themed version of it interesting you should get this game, the game is tons of fun and its in alpha, this has so much potential (yes that means things that are still unimplemented or could be implemented better, that being said its still great as is)"
76561198056181761,Recommended,244770,19243241,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Nickaru,"I played this game a very, VERY long time ago when it was in its infant years.. Like back when you can download it off of a website for free and play it. But now i got a crappy laptop that cant run things (hope to get a better pc in the future) was able to run this a bit and see that a lot has changed and i could instantly tell that the freedom is the same in a vast, open world."
,Recommended,244770,21013031,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SeaTiki,"Play it.If you're excited for Star Citizen, join up with a server and play this game. You likely won't regret it."
76561198093339373,Recommended,244770,24514240,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,DR.DOOM,minecraft in space!!!!
,Recommended,244770,13504007,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,"This game is essentially Minecraft meets EVE Online, the two games that nearly ruined my life. Thanks schine, gmbh....I think."
,Recommended,244770,13776809,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,VozValden,"So far for what the game is, its pretty darn good! Not that much to do other than build ships and  mine resources. Should be played with friends or multiplayer for sure though!The Goods:- World size- Ship building system is awesome, build anything and fly it- Wide variety of ship building blocks- Blueprint sytem allows you to build saved ships by collecting the required blocks. This way you can download cool ships, and collect the required stuff and create it. Good for if your not the best ship builder :P me...The Bads:- Clonky UI- AI- Sounds are needed for sureOverall, I think its definitaly a game to get now, I can see in the future this game being a awesome game."
,Recommended,244770,13407659,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PROSP3C,Impressive game! Better than expected :)
76561198002172204,Recommended,244770,13707403,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,JustWar,"Wow, Rarely do I recommend games to more than my insider gamer friends let alone take the time to rate them. I find myself talking to people that dont even game about this masterpiece. Something new to explore at every turn, and there will always be more. So much to this game, such huge chunks of data, its amazing it was developed to be able to run it all at once. Great game, much love, Thank Schema."
,Recommended,244770,24637951,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,𒄉Avieasolia𒆛,"I have had StarMade since before it was on Steam, and it is SOOOOOOOOOOO worth more than $15!!! Literally everything in the game is customizable, jump distance, brush sizes, textures, etc... The only thing about this game that upsets me is the framerate, but thats cuz I have a horrible laptop for gaming."
,Recommended,244770,13355361,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"great game . fun with friendsmy sound problem will not go away , even after the fixes lol but i just play some music and its ok!also needs more enemy types.overall it is like starbound abit, minecraft,and eve onlinemy friends are loving it to ."
76561198080987701,Recommended,244770,13382568,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Lazy Jedi,"Minecraft in SPACE? Are you KIDDING ME?... ok, seriously, don't say this on the Star-made forums. They get really pissy about it. But let me tell you about this game. Star-made is a space exploration game where you're able to build and fly your own spacecraft. There seem to be no limits on what you can build if you can afford it. And you don't need to be able to buy all the parts, you can salvage from derelict space stations, or mine asteroids and planetoids. You can craft any part of your ship if you have the tools and knowledge. Your ships can be simple runabouts all the way up to galactic cruisers. Shaped like anything you want. Want a classic flying saucer? Build it! Want the Starship Enterprise? Build it! Too lazy to build it? Download the blueprints from the website and buy it prebuilt!In Star-made you play a captain of your own ship. You can start or join a faction, work with the trade federation (or against it) and fight pirates who want your juicy juicy cargo. So blow them outta the sky and take their cargo instead! Salvage their wrecked ship and build up your own ship's defences. Heck, build a whole FLEET of ships. Build a space station! Or take over a derelict one and build your own version of Jabba's Palace. Too small minded? Take over a whole planet as your very own. Heck, a whole STAR SYSTEM. Just be sure you can defend it... because... pirates."
,Recommended,244770,13427029,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Ray,"Really amazing sandbox game.  One of the best early access games I've tried and well worth the money.  The scope is very ambitious but even in this early state it's a TON of fun to play.  If you like the building elements of Mincraft and don't mind a similar rough art style this has similarities in the building aspects but it stands apart in scope.  Explore hundreds of planets.  Build buildings, spacesports, starships, space stations, mine asteroids and planets,  and combat pirates and loot their stations and ships to make yourself a fortune, make friends trading (or enemies).  There is a simple but broad crafting tree (lots of possibilities for more and a ton in already)  Full instrumentable logic elements and basic animation capabilities (eg open/close doors, elevators etc) Automated build via chained factory systems with upgrades are in.  Weapon and mining systems for ships are customizable (down to color and damage effects eg. explosions, EMP etc)  Cloaking devices, jump drives and shielding are all customizable and craftable for your fleet.  There is a faction/claim system for most entities (ships/stations/planets/sectors)  The universe feels massive with lots to explore including derlict ships ripe for the plundering if you can keep the pirates from one shotting you.   Multiplayer servers allow combat and/or cooperation.  Private server support and hosting services are already established and work well.  There are a few graphical and sound bugs that are an annoyance but no showstoppers.The Dev's are clearly passionate about their work and have posted several videos/tutorials.   You'll definately get your money's worth.  The learning curve for the interface is a bit steep but there are a number of in game tutorials to get you in the right direction and after a bit of a rocky start I'm feeling very comfortable and can quickly spin up new ships, turrets, stations etc with relative ease.I expect I'll be spending a lot of time in the starmade universe!Oh and full Oculus support (head tracking and 3d)  WOOT!"
76561198149358194,Recommended,244770,13789875,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jediapocalypse,"Awesome!! 5 Stars!!! Minecraft in space but much more fun. Easy to mine your first few million credits in about 2 hours of single player gameplay. Ship builds are limited to your imagination, the whole universe is. If you like building and creating your own game than this is for you.  Legos in space!!"
76561198097580009,Recommended,244770,13407340,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,oxvolcanoxo,INCREDIBLE *****
,Recommended,244770,13875882,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,lil Joshu,"It's minecraft with the following exceptions:It's in space (space that has planets you can land on), angles, factions, more (but more visually similar) resource types, better lighting, steeper learning curve, vehicles, and more.Basically, imagaine if you were to draw a line connecting EVE online and Minecraft. This game would sit about in the middle of that line.I defiantely suggest it, after getting past the learning curve, I think I'm enjoying this more than minecraft.The four biggest downsides though1. Early game, things take much longer than minecraft. Travel distances can take a long time, and jump drives only go so far.2. There's a lot less secrets. No nether, no real dungeons buried down deep (at least not that I've found)3. Many resources are a bit spread out... space is very empty.4. Community sizes are still small. However, this is something that will hopefully change with time."
76561198068356806,Recommended,244770,17293276,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,jedimaster.buckley,"Figured out the console commands for all the moneys, built a Cool Base on and in an asteroid, Currently building a mothership that can house my battlecrusier and it's squads of fighters. Once I figure out how to work the turrets those other pirates are going to burn. Good♥♥♥♥♥game ya'll. If you like space and building stuff this is for you. Can't wait to see what kind of things you guys will add."
76561198045506796,Recommended,244770,16544699,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The carousel sniper,"This game is simply amazing, I find almost everything to be perfect in it, there are a couple of things I have to say though.Firstly the game needs more optimization I get loads of lag and my graphics card is top of the line and I have 16 Gigs of RAM secondly steam workshop support, in my honest opinion so many more people would pay attention to this game if it had workshop support. If you're planning to put workshop support in, just after it's come out of early access then that's fine . Thirdly, the map doesn't really work, again all this is my opinion, but the map is very confusing, I get that it's split up into sectors and that you can see stations and stuff, but, for me at least, it takes about 2-5 mins to select the sector that I want, however apart from these three things and maybe just adding stuff in the game is amazing."
76561197990994295,Recommended,244770,18441690,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Lhetre,"Development is going steady, building ships and bases is satisfaying, I like the mechanics of the game enough to encourage the developers through a recommandation."
76561198131849038,Recommended,244770,13707099,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,tatertot59,love it!!!!!! such a fun game
76561198013132245,Recommended,244770,25369338,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,huminado,"I like this better than From the Depths and X3.  X3 has great space-flight, and From the Depths has great ship-building, but StarMade mashes both together flawlessly.  Also it's easier to build a spaceship that doesn't flop over more than it is to build a boat (for people familiar with From the Depths).I was originally turned off by the crappy little Lego-headed space-man, but that was misleading.  I haven't tried the multiplayer yet, but just playing the demo for about 13 hours straight until 4 am this is a very good gameplay experience.It's a combination of brain-dead mining grind, exploring the endless universe, and exploring the technologies required to put the components together to make a good ship.  Tuning the ship is great and very challenging in early game as mass build-up is hard to compensate for with engines, so maneuverability is very difficult to achieve while still having weaponry, armor and shields.I paid full price and have no regrets other than I know I'll never have enough time to play it very well.Try the demo - it is 100% the real game with nothing disabled.  I have to run the original launcher - the new one crashes.  Then update to the latest version and play.  Then ask yourself if you enjoy it.  I did and it was a no brainer to buy the game."
76561198093786970,Recommended,244770,22731669,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Lieutenant Hocus,"Starmade is super fun and cheap, you can play it for hours it can still be entertaining."
76561198190707027,Recommended,244770,28796678,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Crosar,Starmade is a great game! Requires thinking and strategy to make a good ship. 10/10
76561198102773800,Recommended,244770,25544766,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Owl,"This is an awesome game and deserves more attention than it gets. Building ships, mining resources, fighting pirates, intergalactic trade/exploration, multiplayer, factions, etc. This game has it all. Yes, it is a voxel game but when it comes to ship and base building, everything blends together in a way that puts minecraft aesthetics to shame. The only problem I've had so far is figuring out how to allocate more memory. This is java-based so it has some of the same problems early mincraft had. Great game, play it!"
,Recommended,244770,13873802,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Nefarious,Did you ever play eve and want to control your own ship? Want to make your own ship? Want to build a base with automated defenses? want to mine faster? Ever play mine craft and wish you could go to space and kill people. Ever want to own the galaxy? Ever want to have fun with friends? This is thegame for you.
,Recommended,244770,17604842,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,alrayjr,"If you have time, patience, and are willing to learn alot about a game and its systems. Than this is the game for u it definetly has alot of stuff you are going to need to memorize good thing the somewhat long tutorial teaches you the basics of the game and its amazingly advanced systems. Overall fun game time consuming and is a joy playing with friends."
,Recommended,244770,18563206,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Reaper,"Starmade Is a Sandbox Voxel Based Space Exploration Game, SImiler To Games Like space engineers, You start with little supplies to make a ship and explore, You Can make bases, Raid Bases and Mine And Scavage other ships. PvP In This Game is Fun and Satisfieing(Watching The enemy ship fall into pieces) I Give This Game a 9/10 with a Highy Recommended"
,Recommended,244770,24737460,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Skiddly Whittler,"It's got a ways to go, but it looks promising. Updates are rather frequent (once a month or so) and often include either preformance and optimization tweaks or new content.As-is, the game is more of a ship building game than a universe. Fights are small-scale and uninteresting (mostly due to the AI the game uses) and currently the player base isn't large enough to really let this game shine"
,Recommended,244770,29256849,Posted: 14 January,all,Ryakna,"Cons: (fairly minor and remember this is still Alpha)====Pirate stations - Systems are generated with way too many Pirate stations currently (expect this will being to change as development continues) .The ability to switch versions (if playing on different servers at different releases) requires it to re-download that release.Ocassionally exiting ships and getting stuck within blocks of the ship you just exited.Not enough people know about this game...and they need to!Pros:====Can build and equip any sort of spaceship(s) you can design to fly, fight and/or explore - or just have sitting there looking pretty.Fleets.NPC faction AI.Trading system.Logic blocks.Huge procedually generated systms and galaxies.Quite stable considering this is still Alpha.Regular content and bug fix upodates.Dev's listen to the community.Build tools (mirroring, block replacment etc)Space...the final frontier...Star-made even in Alpha hs been very enjoyable to play.  You build you basic ship out of the blocks given to you when you initially log into a server.  The blocks you get can vary depending on the server setup by the admins but generally there will be plenty to make your first basic ship to start exploring and mining asteroids and planets for raw materials.  As you go on you can expand your ship by refining the raw materials and using these to build other components.  Eventually you will be able to protect yourself or fight back the ubiqutous pirates that roam the galaxy.There are plenty of player hosted servers to chose from - some are PvP, some role playing and others PvEMost I have tried out have been a friendly and any griefers I have seen have appeared to been dealt with fairly quickly.  You can protect you precious ships by docking to your faction home station before logging out and they are safe from pirates and any griefers that may slip past your server admins watch.I personally have not encountered too many bugs or crashes - definitely not any that stop me from wanting to play.  The game has been playable through Alpha and as I enjoy the building side I have really enjoyed it.  Recent updates introduced NPC factions with AI who have there own goals and are dyanamic - logging on my server today I found the NPC 'Outcast' faction has expanded it's claimed systems to right next door to mine! Also there is a trading system now which means you can search for and buy components from other player or AI shops and put up your excess or manufactured products for sale.  This has made the galaxy feel more alive.  Previously all there was was pirates and pirate stations everywhere and players and due to the size of the procedually generated universe you see another player, unless you have really annoyed them, or gone to war with them :)To summerise, if you like block building, sandbox and space this game is definitely worth looking at.  This game is progressing in leaps and bounds and already is meeting a lot of it's potential.~Ryakna~"
,Recommended,244770,13648808,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TLC | Snapps,"At first, I thought this was going to be another minecraft rip-off. At least until I played it my self. This game has the wonderful graphics and near endless possiblities. Not to mention you have a huge galaxy to play in."
,Recommended,244770,13566855,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,HeRo-OfThE-DaY,"Minecraft in space. The game's a bit unpolished, but it's an Early Access game. Took me a bit to get the hang of it, but once I got started, the game was a lot more enjoyable. There's a lot going on under the hood. Can't wait to see where they take the game."
76561198111079581,Recommended,244770,13560966,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,ryvoltx,"I've only played roughly 4 hours, but I love this game already.pretty much minecraft in space, but a little bit more than that.mainly focused around ship building. The system for ship building is pretty intense. Its very detailed so that there are many possibilites, but it can also be hard to understand when first starting (there are tuturials that help you through this though).One thing that I really like is the planets in the game. they are all pretty small and basic but I can't complain with an early access game.really can't wait to see what else this game will come out with8/10UPDATE:This game keeps getting better! The updates are pretty awesome and keep adding features that only help the game. Just wish there was more servers out there with more people."
,Recommended,244770,25078590,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,xiqush,The best space sandbox game nowadays.
,Recommended,244770,25009939,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ʇɥƃıuʞ sрuɐl ɹɐℲ,Awesome >.>
,Recommended,244770,21823365,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,✠-🎀𝓝𝓮𝓸𝓷🎀,"You can fly throu the universe, discover planets, use black holes for traveling and build your own space ships and stations"
76561198146551925,Recommended,244770,24445916,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,01aleksej,Game is Epic but unless you play on server (which most of players are doing) the game world is kinda empty.There could be more faction in singeplayer.BTW did i tell you the game is great.
76561198044682589,Recommended,244770,25551284,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Alvenor,"If you like being able to create space machines (automated miners, space stations etc), great game."
76561198060051215,Recommended,244770,24321699,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ace,"OK so i first started playing back in 2013 back then their was not alot to do in the game the planets were diffrent textures were difftrent and the Computers were diffrent, i took a nice three year break after ive done everything i could in the game and when i returned, i found a COMPELETLY diffrent game the game mechanics were more advanced new systems were added they added a main menu that showed you a list of servers to join and i spent over 80 hours trying to learn all that is added this game became Epic they added a Fleet system and a Crew system which is not yet complete but they are working on them adding new features to them and expanding the systems, if you must compare this game with other games then this game is what happens if you merg Spacengineers to Minecraft. the best thing about this game is the fact that if you build a ship you can save it in the Catalog to you can easly regenrate it if the ship is destroyed which is a very awasome feature, the only problem i have with it was the Pirates Generate their ships from the catalog so if you create a Grand Exreamly Powerful capital ship expect a Pirate Fleet of about 10 of them somewhere their might be a way to turn this off though. the game has alot planned but the game now if you join a faction and fight a war agenced another faction, the game feels complete and because of this ill give it an 7.5/10 and if they add thoes features and KILL some of the bugs in the game which i have yet to see any major bugs than it could very easly be a 10/10. the game does seem to not have that much people of the game server the most ive seen was 25 people, with fleet system it did fix the issue that there is not alot of peaple on the servers even though its not the games fault it just means that the game is not well known use to this the Starmade community is small and is mostly on the starmade forms but hopefully the community grows because this game earned it. i can't wait to see what the game evolves into next XD"
,Recommended,244770,17852181,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"I would recommend you buy this game so your grandchildren can enjoy the final version's release, on their deathbeds."
,Recommended,244770,24754760,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Brandon,Ignore the Normies. This game is the Bomb i think ive spent enough time in this game to learn you a few things.1( This Game has alot in common with MineCraft. in The Graphics Field thats about it.2(Logic. logic...logic.. Want a Computer in game? Have at it. you can Do it with the logic system. all of my ships havelogic Comps for shielding and abative plateing.3(ignore the 0.3 and 2 hour players that say Waaah the games Too hard. IT WOULDNT BE FUN IF IT DIDNT HAVE A LEARN CURVE the best part is. Trying to make power reactor for a 10x10x10 ship crank 1mill power. <it can be done.4(The game is still in early access. there are bugs Every game has them5(and last but not least UPDATE YOUR JAVA YOU IDIOTS THATS WHY THE GAME IS CRASHING. JAVA SE UPDATE IToh and make sure you dont have 64 AND 32 bit java installed the game doesnt like that AT ALL
76561198051245395,Recommended,244770,30088865,Posted: 21 February,all,Wenuk,Good game for the price.Basically minecraft in space but less rpg elements and more sci-fi elements.The ship building is actually very indepth. You can build massive drone launching ships that use logic systems to launch out 100's of AI controlled drones strapped with suicide missles or mining lasers. collision damage can be really fun as well making ships designed to push astroids into planets and pirate bases.(TLDR)ProsComplex but easy to use ship buildingCan build massive ships with very little labourCool weapon system mixing mechanicsGood combatCons:The game has a bad ui and doesnt feel very immersive.The planets suck and are buggythe crafting system is made for massive ships/space stations ignoring any sort of early game.The servers kind of suck.really bad graphics
76561198107221658,Recommended,244770,27471366,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pinkieslayer,can't stop one more block one more block
,Recommended,244770,13397420,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,skyblast52,Its the best Space games i ever seen but a reason is i cannot play it says Could not find main class:org.schema.common.updater.launch. pls if there some how help me pls
,Recommended,244770,16788403,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,iDouglas,"Best game ever.Kinda like minecraft and star trek, just thats its not one of those minecraft rip-offs, its original."
76561198010023764,Recommended,244770,30565440,Posted: 17 March,all,The Ugly Teddy Bear,"Star MadeStar made is a voxel based space shooter/ builder. Essentially it could be described as Minecraft in space. Like Minecraft everything is made of blocks (except some objects witch are shaped like wedges), however unlike Minecraft, structures such as ships and planets have their own gravity, meaning a player standing inside a ship they have built will move with the ship. The game can be purchased on steam herehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/244770/The “goal” of the game is to mine planets and asteroids, scavenge ship wrecks, and trade with other factions to build up the resources (the blocks) needed to build your own Ships, space stations and bases. Ship building is a particular focus of the game, with the ability to add shield blocks, thruster blocks, gun blocks, and more to improve your ships shield, mobility, offensive capabilities respectively, being a key part of game play, with a focus on balancing the different ship systems for the best ship possible, while still having a ship the looks good inside and out. Building is made easier with the use of advanced build settings, access by hoping into the ships control cube. The advanced build settings allow for placing multiple blocks at a time, and the use of symmetry tools which allow for truly immense builds to be made with relative ease. The control cube is also the means by which the ship can be piloted, much like any vehicle in any other game.One of the games highlights is the dog fights. Nothing is more thrilling then using the ship you have work so hard on in battle. Firing your custom laser canons at your enemy, watching your shields health slowly tick down with every hit you take, praying to god you have enough shield, before your tracking missiles reload and are ready to fire, wiping out the enemy ship. Then you have the reward of scavenging the blocks from your kill, and adding them to your own ship, allowing you to take down even bigger pray next time.One of the games draw backs is the lag online. Online playing with friends, taking down ships with real people and having a crew of even a fleet with several human players running around each ship is great. Your friend might be manning a turret on your ship, or flying alongside you in his own. However the servers are currently not up to the task and lot of lag or not being able to connect is common. And single player can become quite dull, as there is less of a sense of competition against bots.Another drawback to the game is how complicated it is, the building system of adding blocks to change your ships stats is surprisingly sophisticated. Weapons fire in different ways depending on how the blocks are placed together and they can be further modified with other support blocks, rail systems are used for docking ships to ships, and logic systems can be built to allow for complicated automatic systems, and much more. This means no two ships will be the same and will all have entirely unique strengths and weaknesses in combat, such as weak stealth ships or slow moving but heavily armed battle ships, but unfortunately it does mean that the learning curve is very steep for someone wanting to master ship building, and fully understanding how to build a good ship will take tens of hours of both game play and watching tutorials, this complexity understandably can turn a lot of people off the game even though you don’t need that much knowledge to make a basic ship that can fly and shoot. The complexity issue is further compounded by the fact that there are frequent updates changing how things work and rendering old knowledge useless. But on the flip side these updates mean there are always new features keeping the game fresh and fixing bugs.Ultimately star made is a solid concept of a game that is constantly improving; some people may find the building overly complicated and the game boring as a result. But I personally enjoy the level of uniqueness and customisation this complicated building system allows for. And the satisfaction of walking the corridors of a ship I’ve built, or using it in a high speed dog fight is more than enough to make up for the games current floors in my opinion. I’d give Star Made 7.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,244770,30946087,Posted: 4 April,all,Farhice,"So I love this game, LOVE IT! With that being said TL:DR Great space voxel/building game, lots of lesser issues.Story: Well there inst one its an open world (really open) survival style game. Note that I stated style, there really isnt really a lot of surviving. 2/5 Really need some sort of driving force, a 'reason'.Graphics: So lets get the bad out of the way first. This all depends on YOU. I personally don't mind the block, pixel look of star made. But That depends on the user. Perhaps just as much on the content your viewing.  (seen lot of bad ships/stations) So 2.5/5 For the possibility of going ether way.Sound:Only like 3 sounds and up till a few days ago I thought there was only 2. 1/5 This is really neededPlay-ability Value: HOLY #@##$ This is were its at! If your imagination is decent and you can spend some time learning the building curve. You can spend crazy amounts of time building all sorts of crazy things. 5/5 No doubtA final note: This game doesn't  pander to everyone, it is built around building ships/stations. Suffer no delusions, if you go into this game expecting 'space Minecraft' your gonna be disappointed.EDIT:(5/24/2017) I would also like to say this game can be extremely resource Intensive, With most settings turned off, or low. With the exception of how many blocks are being drawn. Starmade uses more cpu and ram then ARK Survival Evoled with its settings on high."
,Recommended,244770,34251474,Posted: 15 August,all,Igneus Tempus,I have played Starmade alot but it was along time ago it was back when you could buy it on their webpage for 6 dollars. Its a really fun game. Kinda like Minecraft but In space. If you like minecraft I recommend you check this out. My scoreGameplay 8/10Graphics 7/10Sounds 7/10Summary 22/30
,Recommended,244770,25523344,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,ΓΣD,LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,244770,13301388,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,#TwoChopstickOneAsian,Totally worth.
,Recommended,244770,23252765,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,orangejuice78,Best game I have played in a while.27/27 would fall off my space station because I forgot I used a gravity module again.
76561198085653287,Recommended,244770,25002888,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,Better then No Mans Sky.
76561198111785623,Recommended,244770,20867005,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Daoky™ {ON HIATUS],"Built A shipBuilt a ship with cannonsBuilt a bigger shipBuilt a bigger ship with bigger cannonsBuilt an EVEN bigger shipBuilt an EVEN bigger ship with EVEN bigger cannons""I AM DAOKY DESTROYER OF WORLDS!!!!!!!!!!! AHAHAHAHAHA""Really an amazing game for those with big huge imaginations on building almost ANYTHING you want in spaceBuild a spacestationBuild your own giant cruiserBuild your own Giant Destroyer shipBuild a Ship that CAN SUCK THE LIFE OUT OF A PLANET LIKE A BLACKHOLE!!!!!"
76561198016945067,Recommended,244770,14937657,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,ZenShir,"Im loving this game!, i like to sit down in my planet look at the sky (which in this game is superb) and choose between thousands of stars the one i will go explore next, or mine, or just destroy it if i had a bad day at work XD.Never have had a such sense of freedom in a game, you can do everything! from destroying planets,  build bases, ships or whatever you feel like wanting to create,  The game has its own rules which makes building more interesting, ie. to have the best power performance in your shiip you need to  put blocks in different specific ways etc.. so you do need to set up your own strategy when buiding something, and there are no limits you can build ships as big as planets if you feel like doing so.Also the developer is (in my humble opinion) leading the game to the right direction, i would like see when the game is relased a bunch NPC factions, trading between themselves, securing their trading routes with armored ships, starting wars and more interactivity in that direction along with more brand new....BLOCKS !.I definately strongly recommend this game. it´s worth the money by far, and its still in Alpha!,11/10(This is one of my first posts in steam and i have steam for years now, have many games but really felt like wanting to recommend this one, also sorry for my english)."
76561198038679642,Recommended,244770,26917844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thewalkergain,"I've put countless hours into this game. I acknowledge that it is not for everyone, and it certainly has a ways to go before it is complete, but if you've always wanted to be the architect of your own space exploration story, and the ships used to get there, this game is definitely worth a shot."
76561198079316762,Recommended,244770,28087138,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✪ B O O M M I C G U Y,"I played this game since the beginning of July 2014. At that time I didn't have steam, however I played and enjoyed this game with all my passion. At the time I was playing Minecraft a lot and I just love space and always wanted to see a game that merged it together. Now that it's finally an option I continue to watch it grow and enjoy the content that is added into the game and can't wait for the game to be completed."
,Recommended,244770,14031217,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RainbowRadish,Space! Space! Space! Space! Space! Infinite space! And ships! Ships! Ships! Bandit ships! Soo good! Good! Good! Good!
76561198079110556,Recommended,244770,13855737,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,JoRaN333,"i love the game, its amazing and fun. but at times i experience lag, this is quite uncommon but when it occurs it makes the game unplayable. otherwise this is a very good game and worth buuying."
76561198081159577,Recommended,244770,14372563,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Bagpiper513,"I remember when I first began playing this game back when the old graphics were in, and you would still fall out of ships if you were flying while in the gravity. We would use build blocks to get around. I am so glad to see how this game has progressed and I am glad that I bought it on Steam."
76561198115574925,Recommended,244770,18944225,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Trasion,an amazing game that offers alot in terms of creativity and allows for hours upon hours of fun
,Recommended,244770,28109487,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,NovaNifty,This Game is aSTARMADEing. It's a game that communicates with the community without unbalancing anything and has its own council. Which is pretty cool. If your interested in Minecraft like building games. It does Minecraft and No Mans Sky Better in my eyes. I'd also recomend this game to you.
76561198108776368,Recommended,244770,17543306,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,The Trashman,Really fun game but its free on the starmade website. So download it but from the starmade websitehttp://www.star-made.org/download
76561198067598210,Recommended,244770,13299810,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,SizeDrip,"Hello, You may have read my older review stating on how the compatibilty of this game is poor. While it my opinion it still isn't that great, I got it working. If you on a Mac (Not too sure about Linux) don't configure your settings too much or the game will not launch. The game itself is pretty fun but has a huge learning curve. Im not to far into it but im getting the hang of things. Oh and by the way thanks DukeofRealms for reminding me to update the review. At the current state of the game, I recommend it BUT be prepared, it will be confusing at first."
76561198102214502,Recommended,244770,14091464,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,StealthDonut,"Fun game... a few bugs, but overall a good time."
76561197999688367,Recommended,244770,27343185,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MightySnuffles,This is a really fun game. The super long beta is a downer though.
,Recommended,244770,27370640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NITRON,this game has potential to become one of the very best sandbox in space games.i can't wait to see what this game will become in the future...
76561198133650052,Recommended,244770,21947936,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Tombalf,"I've been following this game for 2 years now! There is a bit of a learning curve but once you get it, it's very good!"
76561198094481144,Recommended,244770,22101109,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Radec,"To sum up starmade, imagine an endless universe with no limits on anything (except small planet sizes but oh well) like minecraft block style, with more detail. You can build anything ontop of this you  can build up your own faction in a persistant (probs spelt that wrong) universe. want to create the federation from star trek and explore the galaxy in the uss enterprise? yup and you can probably build deep space 9. want to be a space pirate in a steam punk style pirate ship? yup, want to have an emperor class battleship and create the 40k imperial navy? that will take a while but yup. what you can imagine you can create, ive put 600 hours into this game, mostly offline creating ships and space stations to use online. with the new features they have added like rails and cargo this game is just great the only complaint i have is i would like to see larger planets, alot bigger. there really is nothing i can fault this game on, you really can do anything you want, the trailer doesnt do this game enough justice for the true scale of this game. belive me its awesome"
76561197990266137,Recommended,244770,27773274,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DaRealMcCloud,"I like this game, one of the few early-access games that get updated on a regular basis with actual content"
,Recommended,244770,13856428,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,wj.t,"Starmade is awesome.Even though it's only in alpha, it can only get better. Just in the short time I've played it, the updates that have been pushed out are exactly what it has needed and rarely anything that it doesn't. It's a pretty bare game at the moment unless you're like me and you enjoy building ships a lot. It's only on the up and up for starmade. If you like terraria, starbound, minecraft or other games like that, I think you'll like this!"
,Recommended,244770,13866156,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,The Merovingian,"First impressions after a short play session...I like the overall idea. I like the concept of flying literally great distances to planets I can SEE in the distance and get there and land on them. I like building your own ship and I also really like the overall look of the game.I do not enjoy the controls. I do not like the many crashes involving my java. I do not appreciate the sound issues. If you have windows 8 the sound probably isn't going to work unless you do the workaround (which the devs put in the launcher for you). I like that. Don't like the fact that it is happening and I have to fix it myself though. Although being so early in the development I understand there will be things like this.I did not play this game before it hit steam but I've seen and heard the stories. Planets used to be rounder and gravity was less goofy. However that wasn't overly noticeable and it is MUCH easier to land on planets when the sides are hexagonal and flat.My BIGGEST issue comes from having to tweak my game settings drastically do make it work. I put everything up on ultra and the draw distance was massive. I have I think 16gigs of ram right now and a GTX770 with a i7 processor. The game lagged hard during some of the loading phases. This isn't THE top of the line, but it's at least in the top 10-15%. I can run anything on ultra with no issues right now and seeing this game come to a crashing halt kinda sucks. I haven't googled this or anything so there very well may be something I""m doing wrong   =)    if anyone knows you can comment on this but I might find out by the time you do.Overall through the glitches the game is pretty damn enjoyable. Being able to construct a spaceship in game is super easy to do and the controls are listed right on the screen unless you disable them which is a big help when you're new.Please bear in mind that the game is still pretty early in the development phase and it WILL have bugs and it WILL feel incomplete but I as of right now I kind of like it as a way to get my exploration fix in."
,Recommended,244770,18821382,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MountainGoat,"A Game with a lot of diversity, can be lots of fun if you play it with your friends. Hope its gets updated a lot."
76561198239506256,Recommended,244770,27310805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GuiltyKing,Love this can't get enough
,Recommended,244770,24531564,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bricarus,"As a space sandbox, Starmade is one of the most optimized games I've seen in a long time. It doesn't take much to run the game at 60 FPS, considering that I got 150 on an old laptop. Plus the whole ""no loading screens"" is true, and it makes the game even more fun.Would I recommend it before Space Engineers? No, not at all. I wouldn't even recommend Space Enginners if you wanted to get this game. Both Starmade and SE are completely different styles of space sandboxes, and it's all personal preferance on which one is better.If you want to be more creative with your ships, make them easier to run, and have tons of feature while spending little time building them, I'd get Starmade. If you're more into building ships around combat that can survive well, still very creative in design but a little more limited, have ingame coding with C++, and hundreds of mods to boost gameplay, I'd get Space Engineers.But enough about comparing the two, let's get back to Starmade. In this game, building is very similar to that of a mix of Minecraft and Space Engineers; you can build single blocks, lines, planes, or large blocks, but all the blocks are smaller than your character. This allows building to go fast, and allows you to put detail in small sections like corridors and bridges without making the ship huge. Stated earlier, the optimization in Starmade is great, and you can easily get 60 FPS. AI is also present in the forms of crew mates and faction members, as well as enemies and shop keepers, making the game more fun in single player. And, just to rap this up, being creative is super easy, since many design options are available to use.If I missed anything, it's probably because I haven't played in so long. Things change over time."
,Recommended,244770,24586702,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Der Alte Fritz,"It's a rather fun game, that I loved to play when it was free. However I would like people to not that it can have some pretty severe performance issues and that it can become unplayable. I'm not far from not recommending it, so please note that it has a lot of bugs and performance issues even with equipment you'd expect to be able to run the game smoothly."
76561198065414394,Recommended,244770,25170572,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Elginator,"I recently saw this game while browsing steam and it immediately caught my attention. Now I have always felt there was something missing from most block building games, that being the ability to create my own moving vehicles of any scale. Starmade ,on the other hand, alleviates that need by giving a very massive and complex building system. It can be confusing at times and navigating the galaxy map can be a chore, but overall I highly recommend this game. That's why I give it an 8/10.p.s. If you are considering picking up No Man's Sky, take a look at this first. It has way more features for just a quarter the price and without as many bugs."
,Recommended,244770,27724856,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,InuyashaGames,StarMade is extremely fun and I can play it for hours.
76561198028705876,Recommended,244770,20274023,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Baron Walrus von Cheeseburger,"All my life I've had one dream.......this game helped me accomplish this dream.........The creation of the most terrifying fleet known to all galaxies.........A thousand space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at my command.........we will ♥♥♥♥ every planet, ship, species we can find..........if your reading this, know your next......HAHAHAHA!.......But all in all a great game to play so I'd definitly recommend it for it's endless playability :)"
,Recommended,244770,27625332,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,xedre,Still lovin' it =D
76561198153924150,Recommended,244770,13892277,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Gaz,Excellent... i love building stuff and blowing it up. lol
,Recommended,244770,14332177,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,PicklePat,"Great, another horribly addicting habit."
,Recommended,244770,20760378,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,A.M.,"I love this game so much, It's a little complex at the start though, but when you get used to how the mechanics work, It's the coolest experience ever. Building all type of ships, space stations, machines, hulls/armor, and a whole bunch of cosmetic blocks. You mine for resources and can refine them to create mesh and composite, which are the basic crafting items.I don't even have the best computer, but I could run the game pretty well. The planets from far away kind of lag me, but when you get on them the lag stops."
,Recommended,244770,24515386,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Fluos,"I would definetly recomend this game, tho keep in mind it has its edges afterall it is in alpha. My rating is a 8/10"
76561198000581887,Recommended,244770,27063799,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheLostDrummer,"Love this game. I've been able to achieve my dream of exploring space. Devs keep updates rolling, so there is much to be excited for in the future. There is a learning curve to playing, but it is well worth the time spent digging into the game."
,Recommended,244770,28439413,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Evil Bones,"Note: The demo is supposedly still the full version, so it's currently free to play.It's like the blocky Minecraft version of Space Engineers.My only gripe from playing previously is that the planets look like crap since they're not really round (can't really be round in a  block game)."
,Recommended,244770,14927710,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,SpookTechGaming,I strongly recommend this game for anyone who likes scifi sandbox enviroments with building spaceships and bases. This Game is Awesome
,Recommended,244770,17191490,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,The Kerbal Scientist,This Game is quite amazing as it inherits all the creativity of minecraft. BUT on a massive scale and some much more futeristic. It is also amazing how updates are commenly going out non stop. I reccomend this game to all who even like the idea of space
76561198058301039,Recommended,244770,28106923,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,rickjomb,"Like minecraft melded with space engineers. Still in developement, and due to an awesomely devoted development team, updates come out often, and there impressive. When they say they have an epic feature planned, they mean it, and like, couple months later mean it. Still has a ways to go, but it's getting there fast. Also, the game has a great community, with people making helpful videos for all the logic stuff.Game balance is a bit unforgiving, you spend all your time building your ship, and it becomes to special and unique, but know that are is probably someone who has built a much larger, way more powerful ship.Logic blocks are epic, and you can do pretty much what ever you can think with them! (Think redstone in minecraft, but waaaay more advanced and powerful.)Planets need work, but thats not to urgent, and the devs have already touched on this.PvP is mainly ship based, so at least for the moment ship boarding with an NPC crew isn't a thing.Overall, and great base game, but on top of that one of the most devoted and productive dev teams out there; this game is going places."
76561197984749599,Recommended,244770,15439408,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,OneBeast,Very nice
76561198041174144,Recommended,244770,24967566,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,WARLLAMA,Blocks... the final frontier these are voygers of the starship Llama constantly crashing into things due to my bad desgin layout.After finally building a ship good enough I was able to say the following its ok its minecraft in space and is ok.For me personally I had problem after problem building a damn ship but it was ok in the end. I would play again.6/10
,Recommended,244770,24122786,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,O5 Council Member,"Don't let my play time fool you I've been playing this game outside of steam and when it wasn't even on steam. This game is like mincraft and Space Engineers combined, except that it has more complex parts, weapons and weapon systems, currency and shops, sheilds, and an ever infinite universe to explore. You can even build 1/1 scale ships opposed to Space Engineers size limit on their ships."
,Recommended,244770,24447414,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,absolver the cweepee stawker,Simply Majestic
76561198030318312,Recommended,244770,24494990,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,-[NZ]Exorbit-,StarMade: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the Alliance [UGA] (United Gamers Alliance) And there five-minute mission into enemy territory searching for an enemy that had destroyed their knewly constructed station.. :( oh and to also  boldly go where no man has gone before!
,Recommended,244770,13336586,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,=Ω= Omega117a =Ω=,"Played since early Alpha, awesome game keeps getting better."
76561198073827099,Recommended,244770,13872329,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Spidermoon,"OverviewAt its current state, I must recommend this game. But before you stop reading, there are a few things you should hear from me.1. The tutorial is not very helpful.This is the main reason I don't have many hours on this game. I played the tutorial over 3 times, and am still confused on many things. I have mostly been guided by the wiki.2. This game isFREEright now.Until the final release, you can get this game for free on their website. However, you will have to buy it once the game exits Early Access.3. The sensitivity is VERY low.I turned my mouse sensitivity, from my mouse, all the way up, and it was still hard to move. The only way to fix this is by going into options and adjusting the sensitivity from there.Pros‣ Gigantic Universe‣ Multiplayer‣ Diverse Ship Building CombinationsCons‣ Lacking Tutorial‣ Poor Sensitivity OptimizationFinal ThoughtsWhile this game may have a steep learning curve, it is very fun to play, and over time, it will become more fun the more you learn about it. There are countless things to do in StarMade that make it worth the price."
,Recommended,244770,14444543,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,WillWasn't,First things first. Lag Unreal.I love this game. It plays well. Build practically anything you want to fly.But seriously. Lag between flying through space and into a planet will wreck your♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198047302474,Recommended,244770,25162914,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,theveninja,I've had this game in my wishlist for a long time but figured it would be one of those games that dissapoint so I put off buying it. I wish I would've got the demo a long time ago because its truly a great game do yourself a favor and buy it or atleast try the demo.
76561198027836466,Recommended,244770,25112061,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sol_Roller,"Just mind-blowing.  Space sci-fi heaven.Build any ship you can imagine, from 1 metre, up to kilometres long. (Or build fully working copies of your favourite ships from your favourite sci-fi universe)Anything you've seen in a space based movie you can do here - anything!"
,Recommended,244770,25191816,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,LaughingJackel,It's not my kind of game but I know that a lot of people would love this kind of game so I give it five stars. :)
76561198215218127,Recommended,244770,25663505,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DABATMAN,really great game worth 15 bucks
,Recommended,244770,20631584,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,GLaDOS9999,"If you enjoy building & space games, then this really is the game for you!"
,Recommended,244770,25030131,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,YANNECK,"Good.. It's just good. I mean, - Minecraft in space.."
76561198124639698,Recommended,244770,24960988,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Riftex,"It's everything I want a Sci Fi game to be, however, the crafting (too complicated and weird for new players) and faction system needs work (it is too basic), and it would be nice to not make the game pointless. Also, building ships take far too much in-game credits and resources, especially when the game is advertised in a way that make you think that you can just jump in and have an entire fleet within a few hours. Currently though my biggest problem is the lack of sounds, (there are a few). However I asked one of the Devs about sound and they said that they are in development, but are currently working on adding music.Also, if you see the reviews talking about ""snail like"" development those are about a month old. IMO the devolopment pace has picked back up."
76561197995826739,Recommended,244770,26294044,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DocHellfish,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Even in this Alpha stage, it is already my biggest pasttime. The game is far enough along where I you can build your own private empire and conquor multiple galaxies. Your friends can do the same! I rather enjoy materializing fleets of ships and casting them togeather, watching from the turret of an AI controlled fighter as it zooms around the battlespace. Another great thing is to download one of the super salvagers and set up a defense fleet around a planet, attack them, then mine the whole planet. :) If you have played any voxel based game, StarMade is the shining city on a hill."
76561198080304171,Recommended,244770,25314935,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,IKillU4Free,"Space Minecraft, but better."
76561198064016965,Recommended,244770,25513725,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Exonis,"Though I don't dabble into the survival or fighting mechanics of the game, I always find it great fun to build in StarMade.It has a great selection of blocks, shapes, and tools to make what you want, from armorclad battleships lined with turrets, to flashing luxery resort space stations.The devs are always working hard to add new stuff every week. Though you may encounter a frusterating bug or two once in a while, as is to be expected with Alpha games.If you want to build starships and spacestations, this is the game I'd recommend for you."
76561198118390182,Recommended,244770,26410162,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ChronoReaver,"Cannot wait for these upcoming releases, for all my fellow Starmade players out there, you do realize the game is about to literally become a ""living world"" right? Personally I'm more than excited to experience multiple AI factions to interact with- no offense Multiplayer!"
,Recommended,244770,23237067,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sol_Phoneix,Whe i first got this game it would barely play i was getting 10 to 13 fps. Now it's 30 to 50 which is great. Sure it has issues but it plays great has a fairly okay learing curve. With all the sci fi great pit's like warp drives ump gates and all the rest. From carriers to dreadnuaghts can be bulit.
76561198170159281,Recommended,244770,17594301,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Ashfire Everfree,"I love it. You can do so much and bild so much. Thats not even saying how big the map is. Its makes minecraft look so lame. (That's not including mods. I'm quite aware there are many mods for minecraft to make the gameplay better. Even so compaired to the mods I've played with, Starmade is still better.)"
,Recommended,244770,17617926,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mathias,Great. Done.
,Recommended,244770,19227633,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,_______________,graet game!
,Recommended,244770,29277910,Posted: 15 January,all,JustDav1d,"Regular updates and imersive gameplay. Been playing the game since before it hit steam and if it ever leaves i'll still be playing it. Introduction of NPC factions and further plans for npc entities is giving me alot to look forward to.Buy it, Play it, Love it."
,Recommended,244770,23729708,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OcDGamer98,"This game only keeps getting better and better. I have been following this game since early 2013, and has it changed! It's a great thing when the developers of the game are directly involved with the community, something I haven't seen much in other games. Keep up the great work Schine."
76561197960967170,Recommended,244770,13341851,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Zombie101,It rough but is in the true sense a galaxy sized world that currently limited do factions and npcs.  Short of a small factory UI overhual needed it worth for thoughs that like to explore and make stuff
,Recommended,244770,14175908,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Neet Freak Ken,Build Ships.  Make fun of people.  Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥blown up.  Build a bigger ship.  Learn about symmetry and advanced builder.  Take over the server.Good fun.
,Recommended,244770,25092117,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Maw,Everything No Man's Sky promised to be :3
,Recommended,244770,19322713,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,supergamingman22,i love this game. :)
76561198112355169,Recommended,244770,18398948,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,The Mighty Kirai,best game i have ever played!definately worth picking it up!
,Recommended,244770,20731249,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,lil' dipper,"This truly is a great game. Sure, it's a little unpolised at the minute but it's so much more than a just a voxel game. You can't build a spaceship and have at it - your spaceship has to WORK.Also, don't think that because this is voxel-based it'll run well on anything. On my old laptop with integrated graphics it averaged an impressive 12fps with all settings at their lowest possible. I'm looking forward to playing much more of it now that I've got my PC built."
,Recommended,244770,26160002,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,d00ty (Luke),"Really good game I played this to♥♥♥♥♥♥in the early access, when it was free at least, and when I saw it on steam I just had to buy it. Seriously good and way more bug-free than it was before. I recommend (:"
76561198310011681,Recommended,244770,25215627,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SpasmaticAA,"The game is pretty good. It offers a lot of cool and interesting things to do. The devs also release many updates to the game almost every week. The constant updates are sometimes a little anoying to me because I am always receiving them but they at least care about their players. Also the game can get complicated at times, but once you figure it out it becomes much easier to do. The only in game related problem is that the descriptions for some of the items don't fit into the description box and I can't scroll but I'm not sure if it's a bug or just me. Either way fun game10/10 would raid piratestation in first hour of playing a world."
76561198050995758,Recommended,244770,25321509,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,yo tiga now,"It is hard for me to find anything bad to say about this game. The building system is intuitive, the physics in space feel believable, the building possibilities are endless, unless you wanted to build a perfectly spherical ship, and it is pretty satisfying when you destroy a pirate/player station. Your experiences in the game will vary from singleplayer to multiplayer in the following ways...SingleplayerAs long as you are a person that enjoys building for its own sake, you will have a good time building in peace at a leisurely pace. You may be attacked by pirates randomly, however, so do not be surprised by seeing the red arrows on your screen, and possibly getting sniped.Building and testing out ship designs that could be anything from a starfighter to a cargo ship, a mining ship to dreadnought, a beautiful piece of functioning art to a hideous agglomeration of nonesense. Only you can see it, unless you import it to a multiplayer server. To make it even better, now you can make entire fleets of ships!With your warships, destroy all the pirate stations you come across, or tradestations.Eventually the NPC system will be expanded, giving you new things to interact with, or destroy. Currently, the only non-ship NPCs are Space-Spider-Things (hostile), traders (Passive but creepy), and a mercenary type NPC you can hire (also creepy).Singleplayer is like a space loneliness simulator with an ominous wind sound in the background, but if your ship or station is decorated well, it doesn't feel as bad.MultiplayerJust like every game, some servers are full of PVP players, and others are role-playing PVE servers. My experience with both have been largely positive, however, as I was rarely attacked in the beginning by more settled characters. Until I had a large ship and homestation, the only characters that were solely KOS were other people who just started. Once you have a base and ship you put a lot of work into, you become more reluctant to be openly hostile to everyone. When everyone hates you in a server, life becomes very stressful.When you get the chance to see other characters' ships and stations, it is interesting to see the different designs people come up with. I have seen fleets of ships from Star Wars, Mass Effect, Halo, Star Trek, Eve, and countless other series. There is nothing like seeing a Star Destroyer fighting a Borg Cube. In my favorite server I built a space strip club that other players could dock at for a visit.Eventually you will fight another player, whether you attacked them, they attacked you, or it was a challenge in chat, you will have to approach it in a completely different way than battles with pirates. You will see different combinations of weapons and uses of logic systems you had never thought of.Showing off the complexity of your work is really fun, but mastering the logic system takes time. I still know very little about the logic systems.The universe is so vast that you might not see your neighbors unless one of you is actively seeking the other out. Some people might not like the emptiness of space and the distances between everything, but that is just how space is.The number of griefers in multiplayer is fairly low from what I've seen. Griefers usually want quick gratification, something this game does not offer, and will try to steal from established players. If you build a few systems away from spawn, they probably won't make it. Have some turrets ready just in case.Get ready to mine a lot and build yourself a proper factory. It is too expensive to buy everything from the shops.This game is fantastic and is still getting better. The Devs are incredibly talented and hardworking, just not as vocal about what they are working on as some others, for example, the Rust Devs, who post about everything they work on. The Starmade Devs are always working on something and it makes a difference. The game used to run really slow for me, but now my frame rate is excellent. I'm excited to see what they will add in the near future. To sum everything up, I recommend buying this game if you like both building and Sci-Fi, and also have the patience to get into this game. You could also try the free demo to determine if you are willing to pay for the future of the game. I'm done."
76561198140387374,Recommended,244770,25249738,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Mighty toast,Needs a decent computer to run but really immersive game play but it is hard to memorize all the controls
,Recommended,244770,22551168,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,SwaggySwoo,"(Edited my old, long review)This game is easily the best building game I have EVER played. And I hate when people call it ""Minecraft in space"". I don't like Minecraft at all anymore, but I love this game. The only thing Starmade shares with Minecraft are the blocks. I don't have time to write down everything you can do in this game, but if you are reading this then PLEASE download the demo and try it out."
76561198135481726,Recommended,244770,25415968,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,diablo's revenge,good game
76561198197989041,Recommended,244770,26457846,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,AstroCarbine,"This game was fun, but quite complicated. I enjoyed building ships and exploring planets.There were a few times that it crashed but the gameplay was definatley worth it. If only it had a larger playerbase."
,Recommended,244770,13920261,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,[TAC] 959,"Started playing this game more than a year ago. Really happy with how it has grown, and that it is now on steam."
76561198025060024,Recommended,244770,17610253,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,limongtang,It wroks
76561198052674173,Recommended,244770,23304629,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SkyeRise,"The game is brilliant as a toolbox for ship-building and clan wars. The universe itself feels a little weird and the ores are not much of a reason to go out there and do anything, but all in all it is a more than decent game that you also get to play for free (the demo is the full game) while it is early access."
,Recommended,244770,29289301,Posted: 15 January,all,YeNewKing3,"Pretty good game, however, it would be better if you could rotate the ship core in the builder, I have buikt about 3 ships only to realize I built them backwards."
76561198074582271,Recommended,244770,28405810,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Rednexela,"Very very underrated.As a ex-robocraft/ space engineer player, starmade is the perfect match for me to craft my favourite war machines. It is a easy to understand hard to master building system where you can either build a basic ship with a huge cannon or a ship with tons of complex system and turrents.Its still in early access development so expect bugs. However I believe this game can achieve great future if enough people supports it."
,Recommended,244770,30256398,Posted: 1 March,all,| SmileyFace,I love this game so addictive
,Recommended,244770,24965465,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lord Taco the Great,"Well, it's a lot better than no man's sky, and a lot cheaper."
,Not Recommended,244770,31472715,Posted: 30 April,all,BananaMations,"This game used to be one of my favorite games until recently when I started up the game 1 month ago. It started to get more buggy. My friends would love to hang out and build ships and fight but, it's just too buggy. I understand the developers want to make sure the game gets new updates but, it's waaaay too buggy for all of us. I could run a gmod server with 300 addons and not get as much issues as trying to run a StarMade server. Now I have to frequently restart my server and my game in hopes it would load up right. I'm starting to give up on the game because I can barely run it. It's almost un-playable. I loved the game when I could play it. I will continue to play the game and hope Bench™ can fix StarMade so we can all enjoy it to the fullest."
76561197982265592,Not Recommended,244770,29167712,Posted: 10 January,all,kandualo,"This is the first Steam purchase where I had a real problem and NO STEAM SUPPORT!!. I spent 3 hours trying to register and run the game with no success, sent SEVERAL requests for a refund only to be given a canned reply of ""no refund due to 3hrs. of gameplay""... WTF???  I keep resending my refund request explaining that I spent about 3 hrs TRYING TO GET GAME TO RUN, and they keep telling me I played a game I NEVER COULD GET TO RUN!!  After being a loyal Steamer all these years I can't believe how I'm being handled with my FIRST PROBLEM!!!"
,Recommended,244770,34346454,Posted: 19 August,all,TatoMaster,"It's not a bad game, but I don't know what to do once I have a ship."
,Recommended,244770,29425421,Posted: 22 January,all,shmeez,i built a giant space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i am the god of the universe.
,Recommended,244770,14268271,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ethan Bradberry,Ive been playing this from the start before it was on steam and i totally recomend it but there is a LOT of stuff to get used to but the great tutorial will help you. But if you dont know if you want it just get the demo (it ran great on my old terriable laptop so you most likely wont have trouble) and then you will know *cough* Buy it *cough*.
,Recommended,244770,14729046,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,[CRIS] Jackmember5,"Although its still early to write a review i am still going to make one.Ive played this game alot, mostly before release on steam.It has got alot in common with the Voxel,Sandbox,Openworld game Minecraft but it still is so different.While most game-mechanics probably are subject to change, the concept of building your own spaceship likely will remain. Simply because to go and fight with your own creation is awsome.The way this game is progressing and the way the Devs deal with the community is great.I can only recommend this game to anyone who has a liking towards the Space and Sci-Fi genre."
76561198010277080,Recommended,244770,14108931,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,WeepingEighty,minecraft in space but better they keep adding new things and the PvP battles with massive ships you spent hours building is just amazing plus building stations for your factions and fighting over land this game is so much fun anyone would love this game
,Recommended,244770,13315055,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Calmf,"Ok, this is a early access, bugs are expeted, but this one is really making the game unplayable to me...Everytime I leave the game, my ship just disappears, and when trying to create another one, even witht he core on my inventory, it just don't, I mean it actually consume the core, but creates nothing... leaving me with no other option than restarting the world...It happened with me 3 times in a row right now, simply everytime I leave the game I lose all my progress...EDIT: I do not recommend playing it on singleplayer, but on multiplayer I had no problem with that bug.besides that bug he game is amazing, so I do recommend it if on multiplayer"
76561198011138175,Recommended,244770,13324412,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Gwillackers,work in progress do u think u can fix al the crashes it constantly crashes but its fun
,Recommended,244770,13329306,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Stevedoggen,"Game is fun as hell, and has amazing potential, but for the love of god work on optimising it!I get a solid 40 fps at near max settings, only to drop to 1 fps near any planet.I dropped the settings to dead minimum and it's stuck at 2-3 fps and my ship can't take off for no apparent reason.Work on that, so that the game is actually playable, and it's a 9.5/10 easy. Currently, Im only willing to give it 7."
76561198113830541,Recommended,244770,15990088,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Augment Mars,"I really enjoy this game, even playing alone it is a world to explore. I call it Mine Craft in Space... plus way more things to do. I truly love going to planet to planet getting ore and building great ships, and adding many modules. So in the end I highly recommend this game. :)"
,Recommended,244770,15204844,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Brogaty,"I had played this game before it came out on Steam when it was still on the official StarMade website and loved it. I have tons more hours clocked in on this game than my Steam hours say, as I just got around to hearing that StarMade got onto Steam a while ago.Otherwise I love this game, its a fun space version of Minecraft without the screaming little kids, has a bit more interesting things to do, and promotes exploring. There is no random ""night time"" where the big bad pirates come out, instead, they fly across the universe with you, looking for each other, and each encounter can have different things happen, as the pirates can take your own self-built ship and use it against you.11/10 This game is fun as hell."
,Recommended,244770,16218168,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ClayXros (Plain Cereal),"I think I've played enough to throw my perverbial hat into the ring.This game is in effect Minecraft crossed with a successful space sim game. This is a gross simplification, for it is simply it's own entitiy.You are able to creat in effect any spacecraft, space station, or even ship should you desire under the sun (thnks to various wedges and such) as well as pages of materials to build from, including many aesthetic blocks. Weapons too are able to be customized to your combat style, be it a close up shotgun or long range explosive sniper cannon, you have the ability to make it. It even has a stealth system. (I myself am working on a modified Normandy from Mass effect) The galaxy (or depending on the server, galaxies) are massive in scope, and even on a fully populated server you can find a place to set up your base.Crafting is also fairly straightforward. Collect ores, pop them in a refinery, combine them by connecting factories to create a manufacture line. Very efficient. The building aspect even comes with a build mode, as well as an advanced version that allows you to place/remove alot of blocks on your creation quickly.It does however have it's share of teething issues. Lighting glitches occur quite a bit, and the mini-radar is very ineffective in detecting threats until you're already space dust. The new rail system also has a few operation glitches, especially when creating hatches and large doorways within ships and space stations. (nothing crippling, just annoying on occasion) In the build mode there can be issues when palcing alot of blocks if you are not careful, and the ""build helper"" which assists with making circles is flat out useless. (cirlce is not a circle, and is not symmetrical at all. Making a sphere with it is impossible I tried)I know nothing of the communities, but the servers can be very dangerous. Pick a remote area and high tail it there if you wish to build in any sort of peace. (I play on Red-Shift, a large active server which gives you alot of credits so you can quickly make a defendable ship and starbase in a remote area)Overall, for the price this game is a bargain. The ship/station building system is the best I've seen, and space combat is challenging but fun. (especially with missles. BOOM) It has glitches and bugs, but given the scale of the game they can be ignored with relative content. (not that they shouldn't be fixed, obviously they should) The forums could use some better policing for trolls and ""neo-nazis"" harassing people who only wish to see the game grow. And this is just the Early Access! Imagine how good it will be at 1.0!My rating for this game is a solid 7/10. Amazing in scope and execution, however has a few issues that could be annoying to novice players of survival and space games."
76561198145808318,Recommended,244770,17668426,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,(TSU) Alos,"so far, the gameplay looks very good, and worth the struggle. however, im having huge issues with joining servers (i.e. game crashes at 94%), and it was a huge pain to even sign in and link my steam ans starmade account."
,Recommended,244770,17798696,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Ocfos,"The sheer scale of things you can create in this game is humongous, and is highly recommended if you love to build stuff freeform in space.That being said; If you don't feel like this game looks fun enough yet, keep an eye on it with the Follow button, because I can assure you this game has a metric ton of potential going for it, and the latest update added shipyards - A seemingly long-awaited addition.Finishing off, I just want to add that they seem to update the game at a fairly consistent basis, and I would highly recommend trying out the demo - Which by the way is the full game 'till they make it out of early access.Uncertain? Try the free full-demo.Don't feel like there's enough content? Keep an eye on it and wait a few months.According to their roadmap, Fauna is in the next update, and from the sounds of it it seems very promising!"
,Recommended,244770,14162981,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Skaduush,"Huge potential, just needs more development time to flesh out the content. Going to keep this review short as I've only begun to play and get into the game. For less than $10, it's on the right course, keeping my fingers crossed the developers don't get swallowed up by a black hole.. Like many Early Access games tend to do.."
76561198166336535,Recommended,244770,15238884,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,BadgerHunterD,"MUST STOP PLAYING... NEED SLEEP, WORK TOMORROW... ... ... MUST BUILD SHIP... NEED DEFENCES... GIRLFRIEND ANGRY... MUST BUILD WALL ROUND FRIENDS SHIP WHILE HES OFF LINE... HELP ME!"
76561198137109061,Recommended,244770,21635969,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,TGSB,It Sounds like a decent game that i would give to my friends. one issuse HOW DO I PLAY BECAUSE ITS NOT LETTING ME
76561198113141489,Recommended,244770,22397542,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Mate,first of all1.on single player it keeps saying that theres heavy load on the server which is annoyingis there a solution to this2. i dont lag at all on this game at all but is there some launch command codes or fps boost i can use to smoothen the gameplay as it goes wierd at times3. sometimes (rarely) when i spawn some blocks are misplaced. for example the block of the shop station are made of dirt or some other wrong materialsother than that tho this is a magnificent game truely a game worth the purchase. personally i havent put much hours to this game but i love itover 9000/10 would recomend this to as much people that reads this.
,Recommended,244770,16765119,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bugy855,Ive been playing StarMade for 2 years now and all I can say is wow. This game has develpoed from a small seed with paper for people into a huge univese full of creativity and passion with an amazing community. This game will have some great mechanics that you will not see in other game alike. Yes it is hard to start out but as you learn you start to make beautiful pieces of art so fly across your screen. I have never had as much fun in my life!!!Just remember that there are bugs and your game will crash and there are huge problems with Intel powered computers. It is in early access after all. I highly recomend this game to anyone with a creative mind or who is a complete sci-fi freak like me.
76561198128543611,Recommended,244770,17588883,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Swagmander,Is Good game 10/10
76561198171052439,Recommended,244770,17589217,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,jacobp.pettinga,This is one of my favorite games and they are not even done making it yet...
76561198010761435,Recommended,244770,17590845,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,pe8597a,"Starmade is a game full of potential. I genuinely love the create outlet Starmade provides and I enjoy building enormous ships, small fast ones, and utility ships.  The way objects scale could be done somewhat better, but all in all, it's very enjoyable. i've sunk days into this game trying to find ideal configurations."
,Recommended,244770,13837495,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Xhanth Da Klown,cool game but the controls need some work... :(
76561198221496460,Recommended,244770,18536545,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,『KARS』,"Comments gave me tutorial on how to get game working, so thank you. The game is greata even though i have played very little of it. I am very excited to see where this game goes :)"
,Recommended,244770,25338466,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,qD,"I played this game in it's more earlier stages, though it was the free version, and it's a GREAT game.I'm not gonna go through the pros and cons, but instead list a few problems the dev should see. The menu has the only issues I've seen. The tabs (Multiplayer, Local Play, Options, etc) are somewhat unresponsive. Usually it takes two clicks for me. There is another issue where in fullscreen, when applying a skin, the game freezes, forcing me to shutdown.Disregarding these factors, this game is amazing and I hope it gets developed well!"
76561198025291729,Recommended,244770,18865429,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,underONE,If you enjoy the freedom of designing your own ships while flying around space and exploring planets you will probably enjoy this game.Pros:-huge universe to explore.-Intuitive in-game building system.-Linking systems provided great customizability.-good level of trade offs force design choices.Cons:-procedurally generated planets aren't that interesting.-gathering resources can feel like a chore.-galaxy feels very under-populated. Almost lifeless.
76561198061454381,Recommended,244770,18814202,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Lancaster,Amazing it's like engineering but simpler and feels great and plus IT'S SPACE 😆👌
76561198070359307,Recommended,244770,18803184,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Fumblerful,"I made a giant spaceship about 0.2 kilometers long.  It has rapid firing torpedoes and a nuke.  My broadsides will blast holes through lesser ships.  My point defense turrets can take down pirate ships with their combined fire power.  Even though I can one hit kill a pirate ship and drain it of its life, my biggest fear are damned space spiders.  Never will I board an abandoned space station without nuking the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.  Now I'm gonna go huddle near my reactor core as the screams of spiders echoes through the vast emptiness that surrounds me and my vessel."
,Recommended,244770,19320316,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Delicious Fists,"Its a space building game, if you like space and building you'll like this. Theres not really much more to say"
76561198148818805,Recommended,244770,20320455,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,OriX,brilliant game never ending fun
,Recommended,244770,18818414,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,cloakrune,"At its core this game currently is a build your own space ship sim, but it wants to be so much more. After 200 hours of just playing around and building things I'm ready for more and they just keep adding it. There were a ton of enemies we couldn't fight in the beginning but anymore we are powerful. I love this game and am excited for its direction. You should totally spend all your time playing it."
,Recommended,244770,18831296,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Three5,"First I'd like to say, Ya'll are doing great.  I know its alpha, and i expect issues, and the one i have noticed thus far is how occasionally I will come across a station that is there, but i cant see it, and it acts as iff it is not there.  Shooting missles at it gets a pinpoint hit in the middle, and it seems i can blow them up.  However, when i log off as this is happenening, i cant log on the same server for days.I know those stations are there, but something buggy is going on at the same time.Great game, mechanics, future promise.  This one has it all and more than most of the alphas out there.  If this game, Space Engineers and Empyrion had a love child.  It would be the expectations of the entire ""Space Minecraft"" fan group.  Just pop some fun pills and give that some thought.I recommend this game to those who love building massive ships and stations, then sending them into battle with friends... OH and you have to understand what the term ALPHA means.  If you dont, and you buy this game, you will be sadly dissapointed..... or will you.....?"
76561198019133533,Recommended,244770,19320565,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,kith101,"Me and 2 others played this on a server for a while.  It's really fun, and has a lot of potential.  The building of ships is awesome but even beyond that you can build space stations and land bases.  Really almost anything you can think of.  Some of the features I found hard to use like the games own version of red stone.  The game uses logic modules that I found a bit rough but then I didn't spend a ton of time on it either.  Also the lag was bad, this could have been the server I was on but I have a feeling it's the size of the galaxy.  As people move further out and more and more is generated the game slows down.  Oh and that brings me to the final issue.  Space!  There is so much of it you almost never run into anyone.  If not for the chat you might as well play it alone.All in all it's an awesome game that I have no regrets buying."
,Recommended,244770,22062778,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,alexbali25,"Overall, the game is great, From personal experience for curious people, YES you can ban your self from singleplayer, if you did ban your self, follow Arsat's steps:ArsatLibrary right click starmade / properties /click on top the tab local files and then browse local files/ starmade folder open the blacklist.txt and delete ypour name.A review is the wrong place for support. Next time pls write a thread in forum or open a support tickethttp://help.star-made.org/support/tickets/new"
76561198040135536,Recommended,244770,14557313,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,calebsfullreturn,"I actually played the demo for over 50 hours(it doesnt show it anymore, i just bought it,) its great now but still alpha and ill be back to play again..minecrafty startrecky in space/spaceship/planet, lots to combine and make powerful, not hole lot of bugs once u manually optimze it, if u have to...lots to see in the galaxy(huge galaxy). this will be the next mine craft for the next gen mmo/mp/prg sandbox erra, or what ever... huge ships can be built to fly in space, spacestations/land base, soon critters on planets (dont quote me on that), but still beautiful as is, check it out , lots to do already and its cheap now, wont be later..."
,Recommended,244770,14255874,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Disneys Extreme Skate Adventure,"Starmade looks like a great game, but thats only if you can play it. If you know you have some really crappy old intel laptop or somethign don't get it. You'll be wasting money on something you can't play.(sources): personal experience"
,Recommended,244770,17482602,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,secret service 9 roit,"1 DEVELOPERS READ MEthis game is good but please instead of ships havings no npcs and just cores please make it to where thereis loads of npcs maning the ships and stations so you can sneak in and kill. that would make the game better i dont feel like im really doing much when im not really killing a faction only cores, put people in the ships and make that what we have to go for so when we fire at a ship and hit the guy driving the ship stops and you can go in and kill the rest remaning on the ship.it would be easy to do so just put them close to the core if they are driving, not in it. great game ill keep posting for more ideas, you prob wont get a chance to read them but its worth a shot"
,Recommended,244770,13328708,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,ましろ,i keep crashing when i launch the game.how do i fix iti went to the help star made and it still doesnt work.
76561198009488874,Recommended,244770,13346284,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Czipps,minecraft in space lol
76561198064996405,Recommended,244770,14108244,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,The Owl,"Best game ever. Its free, download the demo, its the full game.Your only Paying to get the released version when the game stops being free, and to help the great project.All i can say is once you learn the the game youll be hooked. Huge open ended universe with unlimited possibilities.The more you learn the more youll be hooked.Build your own space empire, or just manufacture things, or build ships to fight in, claim a planet make an endor base and a deathstar, fight other humans on-line. List goes on and on , the best open ended game ever, and its not even finished yet."
,Recommended,244770,17846513,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,cookiecigarguy,Top notch! not a ton of time played but I am a gamer and this has potential!Me and my wife enjoy this from time to time and we are looking forward to release we are happy we could support this dev team!
76561198101751185,Recommended,244770,18687887,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kleo,Spawned inbuilt a blocky ship with no creditswent exploringdied from a single pirateDiscovered creative modebuilt blocky ships with squares of power stuck to them and giant♥♥♥♥♥laser cannonsdid no damage to any station10/10
76561198124164578,Recommended,244770,20894588,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,destroyer_of_worlds,please support this game! it is in very very early acsess but the future can be seen. it will be amazing!
,Recommended,244770,25141810,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"This game is good, pesonally I would choose space engineers over this but I like to play this sometimes. Hopfuly the full game will be better than it is now. Iv been playing this for a long time, even before it came on steam or before I came on steam!So in my oppinion you have 3 options here: get it, if you have a few extra bucks go for space engineers and wait for this game to evolve or just give it some more time.I would recomend this to people who like space sims, building games, co-op games and simple games.I would not recomend this to people who like to go a bit more complex in there creations. In that case go for 'space engineers'."
,Recommended,244770,17978931,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,私はゲンジ・メインです,"this game is really good,i recommend it for people that have a lot of memory and good computer."
,Recommended,244770,18695305,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Joker4effa,"love the game. i would like to see more features in the furture. its a really good and very funny game for early Acces. what i would like to see in the furture is proberly pirates in person not only ""drones' but further verry nice."
76561197980692627,Recommended,244770,18722107,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Sholid,"Best crafting game EVER. No, the space on a single planet is not infinite like Minecraft, but space is! Many planets! Many bases! Many ships! The only thing is that I've created a great new ship and tested against a few pirates, but I'm always scared to go into a server and get my butt kicked... But that's just me.You like Minecraft? You like space? Then go no further. If you only have Minecraft for PC, you may never play it again..."
,Recommended,244770,27075962,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dantali0n,"This game combines the infinite creative power of minecraft in a space staged way, With very active development and a kind community the incremental improvements to this game are an outstanding example of how a 'early access type' game should be. The extensibility of enemies and the online capabilities make this an excellent game which can stay fun for an extensive amount of time."
,Recommended,244770,13336231,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Amnizee,Very good game so far!
76561197998072086,Recommended,244770,19315626,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Super Dan,"You like Minecraft? You like space? Then Starmade is for you. Back in my day, the game was $10, but the $15 is well worth it, considering the devs stick with the game."
,Recommended,244770,21034517,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,madd0g37,"I enjoying this game so far had it for a longtime and found the controls really confusing and i set it aside. i was scrolling through my games collection and remebered this after a quick watch of the trailor on steam (love that music such a greatsong). I just can't stop playing it i thought for me to learn it and focus it would be better to do singleplayer.Which yes it was looked up some admin commands when pirates turned up and lagged the game out alot after learning some controls i actually find the quite easy to play now.To me the game is a great mix of Eve online and minecraft. it runs really well on my couple of generations ago pc. I let it load up watch the FPS to see it stablize then play the game pretty much lag free apart from approaching planets to mine them. If i travel in space the game is always lag free.Building spaceships is really exciting to me as you will spend many hours working out a ship design thats works best for your style of play. Then of course if you play multiplayer it's all about building bigger then all the other players which some ships i've seen are getting upto 6million blocks taking them weeks to months to finsih with very interesting designs and variety.Then you have logic blocks for well doing logic. watcvhing videos on youtube people have made semi automatic ships for mining which i am absolutly amazed people worked out. (planning on working on it myself).I wish there were alot more players playing i think with a bigger community that put the effort in it could become as popular if not more then minecraft. the ideas are great and the game overall is to me excellent it just need some more to make it feel more alive, some fixes in lag for loading planets and some better ai in the ai block. Which are all things they addressing in the future from what i have been reading (dont quote me on it though).overall atm 8/10"
76561198007279676,Recommended,244770,13332520,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Hank Scorpio,"I bought this game a few days ago and I LOVE IT!! I may only have played a few hours but I still recommend it. It says it's early access which it is but it doesn't feel like it. Starmade runs like a dream on the worst PCs and, of course, the best. You don't need to fight to have a good time in it; I spent 3 hours straight being a merchant and didn't even notice the time had gone! I end by saying: BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME! BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,244770,14222015,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,jedi-sy,and 2 yrs on its still in early access to think i actually paid for this game is a joke nowdev team are so slow to push good content out i got bored fast and moved on to better things
,Recommended,244770,18631525,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,pat,Its like eve and minecraft had sex and this is their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child... and its awesome.
76561198048402226,Recommended,244770,21224484,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,[CVNT] NoCarrot,"Another fun space minecraft-style game.Lot of fun multi-player, easy to start."
76561198059817988,Recommended,244770,22079341,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,bobcat3099,"I just downloaded this a couple days ago and perhaps I will write a more detailed review soon.1 hour played: This game is confusing as hell, yet... awesome?3 hours played: This is awesome! Oh, wait... I just got blown up... s***. Wait, I could have used shields or armor...?10 hours played: I am a minecraft space god!!!!   (I wish)"
,Recommended,244770,13874800,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,♪∿♫ R I B S T E R,Y'know. I'd rrreeally like this game better if I was patient enough to crawl my way to manually pick at barely seen ores on massive planets.
,Recommended,244770,28772990,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KILLH4WK=VX9=,Im a Motherfking Starboy
76561198240394328,Recommended,244770,17881995,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,DerKriegArzt,"I really think this game has great potentail as a sandbox game. I like the fact that it stimulates the creativity in ones mind. I like the factions, different complex ship systems. The shops are probably my favorite attribute."
76561198124024690,Recommended,244770,17879532,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Glob,The lag oh the lag. I really want this game to work smoothly and I absolutley love the idea infact these are my favorite types of games SPACE EXPLORATION SANDBOX!!!! but the lag is so bad
,Recommended,244770,25359537,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ObiWanComeBlowme,">Enjoyed Idea of building cool stuff that I could fly>Friend Reccomends game to me>Install and play for a few hours, friends stop playing so do I>Be 1 year later, re-install to see if game has made any progress>Join server>Frames immediatley drop to about 7 or so>Chat Spam, loud explosions all around me>Flames and deathlog in the hundreds>Pirates completely ablitorating spawn in hotdog shaped vessels>PTSD Till this day.>Java Binary SE has stopped working>JavaBinarySE.Exe Crash Simulator 2016+Why must it be Java, why..."
76561198241959928,Recommended,244770,26356702,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Madjms2000,This game is so awesome!You can build like every  thing!
76561198055168539,Recommended,244770,25504973,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DragonFiesta,Kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of no mans sky
,Recommended,244770,24846175,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Stupid Horse,"I love this game, i had it before it was on steam and played it for ages, so i probably have about 150 hours playtime total, the games changed a lot since the yogscast played it (how i found it) and its changed for the best in most ways, and bad for a few, for me, it rarely have crashes, and holds a steady 30-60 fps at any time unless i look at huge stations with hundreds of ships, however, other players seem to have very different opinions about the game as a lot of them seem to say that it doesn't work and crashes or that it's boring I don't really see how they think that as it always works for me and I have a pretty low end laptop. I also enjoy the game and rarely get bored, i play on the GenXNova server (lazygamers) and i dont get bored and just fly about, i reccomend the game, but make sure of your hardware first, or try the demo incase you arent sure, as it is the same as the full game"
76561198032781693,Recommended,244770,28456329,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Da Spliff,a must have if you love building and space!
,Recommended,244770,21758853,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,el rato,just trying to give  a thumbs up
,Recommended,244770,14207056,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MrWilliams,its like minecraft in space and it turned out well
,Recommended,244770,14105158,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Blackjack,"a really fun game where you can build any ship you want and be a space pirate, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing10/10 WPA"
76561198133622392,Recommended,244770,29106023,Posted: 7 January,all,that one dude,this game is asome a bit confusing when you start but after one hour you understand it
76561198199745770,Recommended,244770,30179875,Posted: 25 February,all,swiftdeath007,"I can finally play starmade, i've no idea what update changed this, but I can finally play on my crappy laptop and I love it! i've already made a mothership 94K blocks and only 1-2 fps drope whoch is fantastic! it's no where near done, but i tested it out with a 30-50 block long missle/cannon combo and the shields held up and actually regen faster than it could be damaged, i really like the new shield system by the way, i know in the past the regen only activated after damage stopeed. so glad that's not the case anymore. planets though have terrible fps for me, but it's fine I am not trying to play fairly in singel player, i'n having fun! a really great game to play with and one day a great day to join and have fun with servers"
76561198051901944,Recommended,244770,30180711,Posted: 25 February,all,alaricdragon,"starmade is one of the best space building games i have ever played. better then space enginers, or anything else you can think of. there are no limits, no walls, no -you cant go that way- messiges, nothing to stop you from building a ship thats so large it can eat space stations.other then the lag.the lag is the only limit to this game, but there working on that. one day, i hope we will be able to play this game without worrying about the lag.but thats a conversation for anuther time. im talking about the limits in this game, and while lag is a limit, its the only one.this is like minecraft, if your creations could come alive, if they could live and think, if they could travle acruse the stars.if they could fight and mine, if they could move, and see. the only thing they cant do, is build ships, all bye there selves.dont let my play time fool you. iv bin playing this game before it came to steam. before the AI evan worked right, and before everything in this game looked cool.now, you can build fleets, theres NPC factions in the game (even if there primitive).you can build moveing parts on your ship. you can mine out space, and build jump gates to faraway spaces.you can build strange wepons, ones that dont just damage, but push and pull, or stop and drain.you can build carrers, to carry all your little ships acruse space.and now, with the last update, they reduced lag in combat.everything runs so mush better when you fight now. and i love it.i love waching my fleets fight pirites, without the large amounts of lag that where in the game, only yesterday.i love this game, and everything about it.could it be better? yes. could it be less lagy? everything could be less lagy.mabye, after anuther cople of hundred hours, when im done with this game for a while, ill come back to it, andill beable to create selve sistaing factions, that grow and think, mabye i will be able to have my fleets battle acruse the galaxy without being there. mabye i can finaly remember to get my dad this game.mabye, after im done with this game, for a time, when i come back, this game will be even more epic.and because of that, if you injoy building things and waching them do things (simple things for the time being)get starmade.its the best building game ever.now that im done my random rant, where i type nunsence into my computer, and hope i dont have to manny spelling ears.good luck starmade, ill see you one day!-alaricdragon. that person that played starmade that one time, and keeped updated on it, just in cause."
76561198047237057,Recommended,244770,20735834,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mordraug,"Surprised this games isn't more, it is very well made and is quite fun, although multiplayer is a bit weird, not bad just weird and somewhat hard to deal with. Although I suggest you play this because its really fun to use your imagination on your ship, with customization weapons and cool new updates all the time. Love the Transporters :) and the embedded logic systems make this game all the more fun, with elevators, bay doors, moving guns, race tracks, warp gates, and even ship yards! Which in creative mode you can reproduce your favorite personal ship or a ship you found as much as you want."
,Recommended,244770,29102731,Posted: 7 January,all,Adachi_Soul,Still better than no man's sky.
,Recommended,244770,26592872,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MaddogGT,"GOOD GAME!! Simplified version of Space Engineers.  Concept is almost the same, but simpler and not as great graphically, but creativity wise, its great. Would recommend it. I am more of a detailed Space Engineers player for complex systems and programming, but even though StarMade is indeed simpler, it can get quite complicated depending on what you build and how you place those blocks! A game for days when you need to get your creativity flowing and the brain some exercise -  with some actual need for thinking and problem solving. Not as in-depth as SE, but still a great sandbox game with a lot of room to grow!"
76561198046153462,Recommended,244770,16781723,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,markomadman,"awsome game, its minecraft meet eve. i am losing hours and hours of my life because of this game. buy it now......."
,Recommended,244770,13273556,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Kor,Looks like a bad♥♥♥♥♥game (that I've paid for). To bad it won't run despite following all of the protocol for fixing this issue given by the creator and the support team.
,Recommended,244770,18439244,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Space_Zebras,"So if you couldnt tell, this is very much like Minecraft but better. You arent confined to one planet and can do all of the geeky sci-fi stuff you ever wanted to do. I've been playing for a few days now but will continue to invest multiple countless hours of my life I will never get back. My first day, I saw the enterprise, and her captain was as friendly as you could ask for. Sure, theres a couple pirates out there but the universe is Soooo vast that they are a non issue. There is also the AI mobs but if you steer clear of them then they dont go out of their way to bother you. Great game and HIGHLY reccommended. Best you could wish for in an early-access beta. This might as well be the full release, im excited its not!"
,Recommended,244770,25055847,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Paul,"Now i think if i remember correctly there was like a ship core block you absolutely need to build a ship, and i lost that and it isnt like i can find a guy who is willing to sell that for at least 50 kilometers, kinda made the game unplayable in my perspective, but maybe that changed."
76561198063365585,Recommended,244770,13906138,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The_Q,"K, 4 pack is worth it!,  Game is full of dwarf planets, astroids giant capital ships floating in space, 9 mill refix >:)  starbases 1-2mill. build forts all over if your rich enough :p lots of stuff.  build all kinds of looking ships if your brains up to it.ps lions tigers pirates................. Deathstar starbase :p mmmmmmmmahahhaaaOmy"
76561198089909433,Recommended,244770,25289414,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Enrikes,10/10 Better then No Mans Sky!
76561198133844661,Recommended,244770,17451917,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,carnage2189,its a fun space game you can even download huge space ships 10/10
76561198056410041,Recommended,244770,26009704,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Cod y | Sugar Daddy,"I will say, I played this game back when it was free. I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it. To this day I still love it. This game is minecraft is space in a way. It is blocky and you can build. With thousands of planets and randomly generated space stations it is amazing. No I will say I have tried to build massive ships and have always failed to make them look decent. But I enjoy it still. You can go ahead and play it with friends or alone. I will give this game a 7/10. It's still being worked on and is still amazing. Thankyou for your time"
76561198093237022,Recommended,244770,23286159,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,mosimon2,"swarm missles, my ♥♥♥♥ing god, swarm missles."
,Recommended,244770,23676998,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Douglas_G,"Some block building game, and some single world massive online space game had a baby, and StarMade is the result.The AI has room for improvement, but the ship design possiblities will give you endless hours of fun."
,Recommended,244770,31928587,Posted: 23 May,all,Pickle_Rick,"Ah starmade, I must confess I love this game.  The controls are intuitive and the game creates amazing faction based warfare on the right server.  Taken as a whole the single player cannot hold up this game but when you hop onto a multiplayer server and start stealing ships, killing players, and raiding pirates for the fun of it, the game truly comes alive."
76561198110715235,Recommended,244770,29682392,Posted: 3 February,all,boobasawk,I like this game I played it before it was cool B ) jk im not gonna brag like that but rlly i played it before it ws on steam greenlight and i have it on my computer downloaded not from steam aww yeah B )early supporter right here wish i could buy it from steam but cant rn but pretty good game
76561198222848996,Recommended,244770,30561089,Posted: 16 March,all,Infinite Space,"I did finally get Starmade to download and would recommend it, i just ran into trouble with my memory being inadequate on my computer."
,Recommended,244770,31690031,Posted: 11 May,all,MR.Allar,This is minecraft in space. But before buying read other reviwes and and watch videos about it then make your choice. Plus try DEMO first.
,Recommended,244770,33204842,Posted: 3 July,all,Ninjabuntu,"I really don't care for Minecraft. Never have. With that said. StarMade is on it's outward appearance Minecraft in space, but more then that. Shipbuilding, station and planet exploration, fleets and more. This game just keeps getting better and better for me.Starting from scratch, and a few supplies to build one tiny ship, I have built a ship to call home and gather resources to expand my territory in a small galaxy full of planets, stars and other dangers and or wonders to keep me on my toes while pushing out beyond the safe center I have started in.You can keep it small and nimble with little armor and just go up and gather the materials, or you can build big mega hulk of a ship and take the attacks to pirates or become the pirates of space.It still very much feels like it is in early access as many of the features are in a state of flux and have been changed or modified from how they where when it was first public. But it has matured alot and provides a lot of game as you struggle to create a space empire or try and live in peace and explore.If you like Minecraft or space Sims, this game might be a good idea to check out."
76561198152360372,Recommended,244770,29402855,Posted: 21 January,all,scotfusion,"Wow! This game really surprized me! The depth of the game really sucked me in. Im really at very begining and basic controls. The tutorials are well done and the user interface really stays out of the way until ya need it.Im convinced that one could build, engineer and design just about anything one could imagine. SO, I am really enjoying the tutorials. What I really love, is being able to cruise to other planets and land seemlessly.I am an ok javascripter, so I am looking foreward to the logic in the engineering phase of my future designs. I am in awe of the creations people have made and its very inspiring.This game can really make a person almost forget they have a day job.  9/10 for being a huge awesome surprize of great gameplay, learning material to get ya up and runing fast, a stellar community and most of all, amazing Devs!"
,Recommended,244770,29495139,Posted: 25 January,all,scriptedsigh,"So I've been trying to get this thing to boot for the past 3 hours, to no avail. I have uninstalled and reinstalled every varient of java available including JRE 32 and 64 bit as well as JDK. Whenever I attempt to start the game from the launcher the launcher closes as if it is preparing to start the game but nothing happens. No screens pop up then close suddenly, no attempt to even open the game is made. This is weird since I was playing just fine a couple of days ago. It is in the prerelease stages of game dev so this is expected but it is disappointing not being able to play the game at all at the moment."
76561198114304074,Recommended,244770,23732043,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,mox1,"Best game i've played...Totally addicted. Build whatever your imagination will allow or download other peoples ships/stations. I thought minecraft was a good idea but a bit boring, here you have the whole galaxy to explore and more."
76561198005722805,Recommended,244770,35038251,Posted: 17 September,all,D.S.Jensen,"Its minecraft in space!Started playing long before it was on steam and had many hours of fun.Build what you want, make a faction and do what you want."
,Recommended,244770,18225102,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Taking your lmao to the movies,"Unique game with minecraft like graphics, buy this game to support the development of it."
,Recommended,244770,25290110,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ANIMAL MOTHER,"like no man's sky except you can actually build your own ship, actually see other real people and the galactic map is much better done in starmade. in no man's sky it's literally just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing dots. this game will mark planets, different regions of space, shops etc."
,Recommended,244770,17882580,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,TimmyJimmy,"Three  years ago, two of my friends were talking a game called Starmade. I thought it would be a game found under the ""Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; catagory, as i imagined it being about having the primary star of a solar sytem be the maid to the citizens or something. I then saw them play it, and decided to get it myself. Starmade is an infinite sandbox like Minecraft, only a thousand times better.This game has flaws however (this one 2), being both about hardware. The first flaw is that the game takes up a crapton of ram and processing power, and cannot be run on a laptop. The second is that Intel graphis is known not to work with the game properly for whatever reason, but once you get past these two hardware problems, the game is great.You may be saying to yourself ""This review hasn't been helpful at all"", so im going to tell you what you can do in starmade. As i said earlier, Starmade is like Minecraft, only in space. You can build spaceships, fight space-pirates, play with your friends, build space stations, race spaceships, hollow out planets, explore the vast cosmos, and much much more. When you compare this game to Minecraft, you must find an equally proportionate comparision, like comparing a kindergardener to a college senior, being that this game is much more organised and sophisticated compared to Minecraft."
76561198160246496,Recommended,244770,17921738,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"This game is an awesome game. It is worth the $10, I love it 10/10Thidd game is also a blocky game of space engineers"
,Recommended,244770,23160104,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SkyNET97,"It is as if Minecraft and Space Engineers had dirty sex, and this is the baby."
,Recommended,244770,15029840,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tree,AWESOME GAMEPlay it when ever i can though stil ahs som bugsfunny enough its windows 8 compatible
,Recommended,244770,15332248,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Mattagast The Cougher,"Flew into the sun, ship blewup, got stranded on a planet with no shipcore, proper resources, or shop in range to get off the planet10/10 would do again"
,Recommended,244770,24936227,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Winoys,"You could call Starmade the pixel version of No Man's Sky, only that it's much better in every single way. Dont waste your money on No Man's Buy and spend it on Starmade! Thats all I have to say :D"
76561198196475322,Recommended,244770,15842618,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,CyberJunkie5000,Good game with lots of potential!! Dev's keep it updated and continuously making it better overall.
76561198070484509,Recommended,244770,24922546,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,wicked_klown999,Happy i bought this months ago and not spend $60 on No Man's Sky.
76561198010427630,Recommended,244770,14889188,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,eholtgrefe1,Interesting with a potential as a Sci Fi Minecraft.
,Recommended,244770,31838995,Posted: 19 May,all,Treefolk,500 hours in and I'm still learning and playing with new methods of playing the game. Still in alpha but two thumbs up!
,Recommended,244770,23422611,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,JustPixelated,This game is the best space game i have ever seen in my life........People!Try the demo or something this games amazing! 10/10
76561198112310414,Recommended,244770,23020092,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Nkings,I woke up logged into starmade 30 enemy drones at my faction's base swarming everything missiles flying everywhere people dying it gets so laggy we had to call an admin 9/10 on my way to the enemy base with a 1m block titan.
76561198102906733,Recommended,244770,24363995,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Spartan Brute,STAY AWAY FROM PIRATESjust dont bother them just dontplz...      for me?   plz?
76561197970586586,Not Recommended,244770,30171585,Posted: 25 February,all,paul,"I bought this game in its early days and back then was quite fun but clearly had lots to add. A year or two onwards and they've added plenty. Sadly in doing to they've made it very difficult to pick up and play, simply configuring thrusters to move in more than one direction is now a painstaking task that isn't explained in the tutorials."
,Recommended,244770,30206140,Posted: 26 February,all,Just A Hated яooski,how to get onto a server for the first time  101 step 1. buy the game step 2. watch a youtube video and decide if its a good server for you to start on step 3. get on and find yourself asking for help because this is before the tutorial was added step 4. meet someone willing and suck their builds for all the juicy protection and eye candy step 5. ask where the youtubers base is step 6. find out that your talking to the youtuber's friend that is in alot of his videos and get told that it was lost in a server wipe step before being offered to raid after they finish it even though its their faction home step 7. laugh it off or get chased out of the sector.
76561198062527771,Recommended,244770,33290808,Posted: 5 July,all,doctercorgi,Dont listen to all the people that buy this gam and complain in all caps about not reading and being incapable of leaning. This game is awesome!
76561198129375125,Recommended,244770,29426444,Posted: 22 January,all,Hilytios,Its a really good game but sometimes when i build  turret side ways on the ship its glichting into my ship pls fix that but still its a awsome Game ;)
76561198019437014,Recommended,244770,33678922,Posted: 20 July,all,Bill Cosby,Time vampire. 11/10
76561198104261576,Recommended,244770,15768383,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Wuchangv,It's so nice
,Recommended,244770,32639881,Posted: 22 June,all,Avalon,Do you wanna play space minecraft where you build your own ships?Then this is the right game for you.Is it finished? No Is it still amazingly fun for the price? Absolutely!
,Recommended,244770,22694659,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ΘΑΝΑΤΕΣ 4.0,the estranged child of minecraft and space engineerstook me 24 hours to finally figure out what was going on11/12 will fall sideways into ship
,Recommended,244770,13338566,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,fatputtycat,"Great game and just because it looks like Minecraft, it doesn't mean it sucks like most other games that look like Minecraft. Such as Minecraft for example! But thats a different game, this game has cool features while Minecraft is... Minecraft. StarMade is a space game where you run fly around space in your... hey... where's your ship? When you first spawn you ain't got jack♥♥♥♥♥♥other than some starter equipment for a tiny, tiny, tiny ship. But you do have 25,000 bucks to spend on equipment. Spend it wisely, and dont just die and lose it. While building, please for the love of god don't ♥♥♥♥ing press BACKSPACE. It will delete what ever you are currently holding in your hotbar. It says ""drop"" but since this is space and all, space does you a favour and just eats it so you don't have to see junk everywhere. Neat right? Well so far the only things bad about this space builder is the clunky controls that take a while to get used to, and the ""drop"" feature. Oh yeah, dont forget the GRAPHIKS THAT SUK!!! The graphics aren't bad. They're blocky and why the ♥♥♥♥ does it matter? Some of the amazing things that everybody needs to know before buying is that 1. You can purchase a crew. 2. Singleplayer (should've already known that) 4. (because ♥♥♥♥ 3.) multiplayer. 5. You can create big spaceships. 666. There's space stations that could be even bigger than the space ship! 777 (won me the lotto!) Pirates and Storeowners to spice up the experience. 8. Easy to create servers. 9. SPAAAAAAAACE!!! And the big 10 inch♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10. Weopons... and lots of them.If you like Minecraft, buy this game. If you hate minecraft, buy this game. If you like Space Builders, buy this game. If you like to instantly have everything at the start, don't buy this game. If you hate getting used to controls, don't buy this game. If you love space games and/or beutiful games, buy this game.TL;DR?11/10 Would SPAAAACE again.You still reading? Good, reading makes you smart. Now read this with the testicals in your head.I hate Minecraft as you have obviously read, but that's my opinion. Hating me because I hate a Minecraft just shows how bad your ""community"" is. If you don't know what the Minecraft community is look up, ""Minecraft Original Song"". Prepare to lose hope in humanity."
,Recommended,244770,14268710,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dzambas Srbski,"I just can't play as ""localhost:4242"" multiplayer. I bought it mainly to play with a friend and it turns out I can't. I can only play as single player or on some servers which I really don't enjoy. Any help here? The game seems really cool and full of options. If I don't get this to run in multiplayer as I want it than I'd have to say NO to this game."
,Recommended,244770,14443615,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Turbo,"So you might have seen this game, and thought: That's lame... it's just another Minecraft ripoff. If you are that person, and you're closed-minded, you can go stuff a duck. This game is admittedly very similar to Minecraft, but it has such a good twist on the comcept that I'd almost classify it as a different genre. If you want the boring answer, this is Minecraft in space... but... give it a chance."
76561198007432840,Recommended,244770,14451239,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Spoken Word,Fantastic Game.  Its come along way in 1 year and the future is bright.  Its like Minecraft meets Space Engineer.If you love building things you will love this!
,Recommended,244770,14503826,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,[GL]]robotalec™,Best game Ive played it before it was on steam when it was a very small game and itis still as fun as the first time I picked it up
76561198153101808,Recommended,244770,15403005,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Reddek,Best game ever:)
,Recommended,244770,15530276,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Number13,"Lots of fun, even just building. Great sense of scale, too. Dev is really doing an amazing job with the Early Access status."
,Recommended,244770,16799520,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Plastic Legs,Build massive space boats.
,Recommended,244770,17357920,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,General Howe,"Ive had this game since before it came out on steam. its very fun,  single player might be a bit boring but multiplayer is amazing. doing ship fights or hijacking someones mothership is very satisfying."
76561198043468151,Recommended,244770,18671105,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,[RF] That1Guy,Game is fun but gets really boring really fast in single player. Only recommended if you enjoy online play.
,Recommended,244770,14334033,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Nim,"Its funishPros:Its original.Ship building is way fun.The weapons system on said ships is unique.it's a charming game to play.The new UI looks very nice and clean.Cons:Player controls are ridged and funky, theres no momentum in Zero-G.ships roll WAY too quickly, to the point you cant rotate small ones to align with docking bays.Tutorial is annoying and has numerous gramatical errors.Minor nitpicks:The mining decal on blocks will not reset if you imediately start on another block, I've gotten the grid to look like solid blue.You start seeing the starlines at way too low speeds (Moving your character outside a ship makes them).Planets are REALY REALY close.The galaxy map is too uniform, stars should be in more random positions inside of the cubic sectors.Conclusion:It needs refining, early access is not an excuse for a half-baked product, stuff like movement should be perfected as soon in development as possible. I have faith that this will become a great game in time but it is a bit underwhelming at the moment, buy if you realy think you will love it"
,Recommended,244770,14379535,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Waxierbutton0,it still crashes during setup for me but i played it and its a good game
76561198128948596,Recommended,244770,14456530,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jackdaw,"As the developer improving Starmade, I believe this game will develop a giant, well developed world. I've put tons of hours building awesome ships, which is my dream for a long time. But the AI and the weapon system still need improvement, I cannot figure how to use them some how."
76561198142429507,Recommended,244770,14521959,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Owenmep,This Game Is The Best Game Ive EVER PLAYED!!!!! I want more updates soooooooo badly.Thank You For This Epic Game
76561198029367807,Recommended,244770,14522510,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Havoc of Savage,"At first I was skeptical of this game. It is an alpha after all, and I fully expected bugs and even some parts to not even be playable. I tried the demo, which is the full game btw. Then bought the game a couple hours later. And people please realize that this game is in an early stage. Bugs and changes will happen. It is very playable and very fun, even outright addicting. This game has very great potential. If you like the idea of designing your own ship, exploring, and then going out to battle in your newly constructed dreadknaught, you will like this game. 10/10. Now, I'm going back to building my dreadknaught."
,Recommended,244770,15442973,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,VEGIE_MAN,Like Minecraft... BUT IN SPACE !!!!!!!
,Recommended,244770,18687554,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Hamlet,Cant play itit crashes and i cant get a refund
,Recommended,244770,16861620,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Gzuz,ist really awesome i hope you buy it  because it is a great game
76561198076893588,Recommended,244770,13864622,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Wizard,I IS IN SPACE GET THIS GAME TO BE IN SPACE LIKE MINECRAFT BUT IN SPACE I HAVE SED SPACE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND LAZOR GUN LELELELELEL this game is cool :D
,Recommended,244770,16278099,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Endial,This game is just so massive!  Spend a weekend playing on single player then join a server once you know what you're doing and prepare to see lag of untold levels at times.
,Recommended,244770,14683230,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Σ.THD,"very fun. the galaxy you are in is huge and the serverside options are great, as in less enemys, more enemys, more shops, speed and the such. as for blocks there are many to choose from, missiles to pulse cannons and antimatter blasters. would recommend10/11 would run into a sun again"
,Recommended,244770,18439284,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Kzikuzz_Fury,Awesome game 11/10 -IGN
,Recommended,244770,19276631,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,i nutted on ur aunt,"""Hotline Bling""(remix of D.R.A.M.'s ""Cha Cha"")You used to call me on myYou used to, you used toYeahYou used to call me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveCall me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveAnd I know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingI know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingEver since I left the city,You got a reputation for yourself nowEverybody knows and I feel left outGirl you got me down, you got me stressed out'Cause ever since I left the city,you started wearing less and goin' out moreGlasses of champagne out on the dance floorHangin' with some girls I've never seen beforeYou used to call me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveCall me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveI know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingI know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingEver since I left the city, you, you, youYou and me we just don't get alongYou make me feel like I did you wrongGoing places where you don't belongEver since I left the city,you, you got exactly what you asked forRunning out of pages in your passportHanging with some girls I've never seen beforeYou used to call me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveCall me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveAnd I know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingI know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingThese days, all I do isWonder if you bendin' over backwards for someone elseWonder if you're rollin' up a backwoods for someone elseDoing things I taught you, gettin' nasty for someone elseYou don't need no one elseYou don't need nobody else, noWhy you never aloneWhy you always touching roadUsed to always stay at home, be a good girlYou was in a zone, yeahYou should just be yourselfRight now, you're someone elseYou used to call me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveCall me on my cell phoneLate night when you need my loveAnd I know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingI know when that hotline blingThat can only mean one thingEver since I left the city"
,Recommended,244770,21540253,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Gizkafat,This game is exactly what Everyone should want to play. Logged more hours playing this than any other game even Minecraft which I have over 1000 hours. This Is the pinnacle of creative games!
,Recommended,244770,14118913,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Fearless1bird,its awesome
76561198095248368,Recommended,244770,19319898,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,TWIZTED,Amazeballz
76561198116016235,Recommended,244770,20468290,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,ciel,game is gr8 :D so much to Explore and build
,Recommended,244770,21791424,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tyran,great game would reccomend
76561198141714464,Recommended,244770,23717049,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Salt09,One thing to say: NO LIMITS.
,Recommended,244770,24557289,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SkKr,>Got game>Got game to work>Started game>Spent 30 mins building a ship>Jumped to a undiscovered space station>It was an enemy faction station>Got blown up>Lost ship10/10 Time to do it all over againIt's minecraft in space
76561198169105190,Recommended,244770,22181799,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wally38,So cool!
76561198102017126,Recommended,244770,22234293,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Cookielump,"Great game , Great potential"
,Recommended,244770,13698064,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,gingerninger200,its realy good but can be better abut its till in early access so i let it of
,Recommended,244770,16972817,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Some Pineapple,"Starmade is like cookie clicker, apart from you click more on this game :D, Great game though !"
76561198138746904,Recommended,244770,20859587,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Fuhrer Legitglenn™,10/10 ign
,Recommended,244770,25841710,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,themightyfoilist,"Well it was absolutely brilliant when it was working, but updating to windows 10 caused the game to stop working for a period of time (maily duie to my hardware setup, nothing on the devs part). After some time screwing around in java+a complete re-install of the game files, it worked flawlessly again.Very good physics, but building taes a long time in this game, and shouldnt be underestimated."
,Recommended,244770,26052410,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Random Event,"Probably the best Voxel game out there.If you have a creative or engineering mind, just buy it.Why wouldn't you."
76561198360567657,Recommended,244770,30761623,Posted: 26 March,all,kobaltermat,Good game with huge potential. Needs some more stuff to do and polish.
,Recommended,244770,20602922,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Meme Bruh,love the game very fun
76561198110719150,Recommended,244770,25721066,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,AThao1,It's an alright game. I just didn't like the fact that you can barely see what's shooting at you or what's going to hit you.Also the fact that you cant hear anything which makes the experience kinda seem... bland? but yea over all its a nice game besides the sounds and the animations on the weapon fire.
76561198160816312,Recommended,244770,20848590,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,wildcst8787,"Great game, very involved. Built an amazing behemoth of a ship with rails and turrets. Then I woke up and went back to my ships."
,Not Recommended,244770,23409200,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,"Niv-Mizzet, the Firemind","Java issues abound. When the game engine removes itself from this frustraiting and limited system, I will check it out again. Until then, refunded.And since I will hear this with no doubt:YES I have an updated Java 64 bit versionYES my graphics drivers on my Radion HD card are updatedYES I have uninstalled and reinstalled the latterYES I have tweaked the memory settings"
76561198096013547,Recommended,244770,22489857,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Yankee,I think its a great game to just sit down and play with freinds
76561198146882108,Recommended,244770,22577935,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Weeaboo Jones,"I wouldn't call it the best game ever, but it has A LOT of potential."
76561198006745249,Recommended,244770,29813759,Posted: 9 February,all,MrGrey1,Great game even in Alpha. There's a bit of a learning curve so stick through figuring out the advanced build options. Once you've got the hang of the build options making things is a breeze. It's much easier to make large builds then other sandbox games like Minecraft. Anyone who does like sandbox games should definately try Starmade. My two under 10 kids love this game as well. (I've played many hours in the Alpha launcher that are not logged in steam.)
,Recommended,244770,32053323,Posted: 29 May,all,Goofy Goober,The devs constantly update and its pretty fun if you know how to build if you are horrible like me i suggest sticking to death squares for your entire gameplay
,Recommended,244770,33481975,Posted: 12 July,all,Kequo,"I was introduced to this game by one of the developers. It still has alot of work needed to become a great game, but the potential is there. I look forward to revisiting this game in the future when starmade further progresses."
,Recommended,244770,34087089,Posted: 7 August,all,TheLacerationist,"Although buggy and undeveloped at times, this game lets you expand your imagination while building space ships, fighting pirates, and exploring new worlds. This game is full of endless possibilities and if it is continuously updated and ironed out, this game could become something great. I definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,244770,29844188,Posted: 11 February,all,Just(Certified Helicopter Pilot),this game is similiar to space engineers but no as computer heavy and i played this game for like 3 years before it was on steam and i just had a blast
76561198170074143,Recommended,244770,29884480,Posted: 12 February,all,Fb||Hobohunter104,"IT WORKSSSS!!!!!!!!Whatever you've done, thank you so much. I've had this in my library forver but have never been able to play because there was a problem with the game and Intel HD graphics. At some point recently, you must have either done something accidentally or gone out of you way and made the game compatible. It works now! I'm speechless. In the past I wrote so many nasty reviews and discussions about this not working, and I'm sorry for not understanding that you had no reponsibility to make it work just for me. But now that it does, I'm more thankful than you can imagine. I haven't actually gotten much of a chance to play yet before I wrote this, so I'm looking forward to exploring and enjoying your game. Thanks again, Starmade Devs!"
,Not Recommended,244770,30206133,Posted: 26 February,all,Absolute Madman✨,"This game needs some time to be refined. I love the ideas, but at its current state, it seems too unfinished to play. I can't get past the build mechanics, they tired me out before I could enjoy the game. The menus literally gave me a headache. I like how busy space looks though."
,Recommended,244770,33549580,Posted: 14 July,all,Kuges,"Still in early access so it is important to approach this game with caution and not judge it too quickly. It is currently not without its performance issues so it is important to really try and focus on what this game does well. This is a voxel sandbox game, similar to Minecraft but in space. You can build structures on planets, spacestations, but most importantly you can build ships to fly around in. I recommend trying this game purely for the ship building aspect at the moment. Other parts of the game are still a work in progress."
76561198034146027,Recommended,244770,34221695,Posted: 13 August,all,Kevintoplak,Awesome game.Worth the money for sure!
76561198044937357,Recommended,244770,29685168,Posted: 3 February,all,johno1928,this game takes the best parts of building in minecraft and combines it with a massive randomly generated galaxy and great gameplay. on top of that it constantly updates and improves
,Recommended,244770,29814128,Posted: 9 February,all,Meowseph Stalin,"Very steep learning curve (for me atleast) and some strange controls at first. Regardless, I got past that and the game is actually pretty fun!"
76561198024300131,Recommended,244770,30866232,Posted: 31 March,all,Leke,best block game ever!!!
,Recommended,244770,31711145,Posted: 12 May,all,Dirty Dinkster,"I can tell you one thing that I like about this; The idea alone is interesting.But for now, that 'Early Access' Title actually means 'Early Access'. Do not buy this expecting to get max fps and no bugs/no lag and a somewhat complete game.I reccommend if you like to invest in games with a future, otherwise wait until it gets more stability upgrades."
76561198066648593,Recommended,244770,23593049,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dood434,I like this game but the amount of times ive built a small ship and pirats destroy it makes me mad (had sheilds) i wish their was a mode where nothing able to destroy besides your own stupidity. would like a peacful mode like in other games.
76561198237201164,Recommended,244770,17901504,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,blastoiserules,v bxfb
76561198040138423,Recommended,244770,17924395,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Lord Farquaad,Several people here have said this game isnt good but that simply isnt true. This is by far the best crafting/miner game on the market. Far better thatn micecraft could have ever been. 10/10 would recamend this game.
76561198076167599,Recommended,244770,19200049,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,SP3CTRE,Hate open world games? Not anymore you don't.
,Recommended,244770,31442613,Posted: 29 April,all,AlexFox,Minecraft in the stars!
,Not Recommended,244770,33699402,Posted: 21 July,all,Translate-or,"What I want to say about this game? The main thing that is very-very important is the fact that even developers do not know what they want. It's the first thing I want to emphasize. Another fact lies in the developers' unability to understand how they can realize the potential of the game. They do not know how to bring more people to the game through adding really interesting and acting content. It's the main reason why this game will be in alpha for thousand years and you will never see it complete. Or you'll see but it will be somewhat in the same state as it is now. I do not believe in SM. I do not think it will lead to something interesting. I tried my best to have fun in this game, but there are too many things, which ruin experience and make it impossible to play. Sorry guys, but you should know that. I do not recommend buying it now. Wait until... Just wait. Time will show."
,Not Recommended,244770,33302082,Posted: 5 July,all,Aurora Hammer,Cannot adjust GUI after how many years of this game being out? Unable to play on a 4k screen as the interface is literally too small to read.
76561198093432864,Recommended,244770,15848938,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,lamrdan,"This game is great and has awesome features, however do NOT trust the official community. They are LITERALLYNeo-Nazis. They will silence all that go against them and scare others into following. MushroomFleet is one of the best communities currently running and I highly you go check it out. It is the only StarMade community with even the slightest mark of civilization. Do not let the community bully you into thinking otherwise #teamino2015"
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,244770,23085303,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sinatr,"I'd call my PC configuration ""solid"" (GTX 980 Ti, 16Gb RAM, i7-6700K). But this game, written on Java (same as Minecraft) is a nightmare. Tried to configure it but failed badly. Countless crashes, sluttered sound, slow loading, ugly launcher (2 windows, srsly?) due to which you have to disable steam overlay, otherwise it my freeze in launcher lol.When finally I get to game there was a tutorial.. with small font, which I couldn't increase.. half-way through it (where they teach me to connect 2 blocks together to make shotgun out of rocket-launcher) it freezes again..Stay away ... from java in general (google for ""java security"") and from this early access ""game"" particularly."
76561198073881817,Recommended,244770,16185844,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,CoolPerson125,"If you like space and blocky games, get this game beacause it is that and so much more."
76561198090873197,Recommended,244770,16820654,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,PubliusCorneliusScipioAfricanus,AWESOME IN EVERYWAY!!!!
,Not Recommended,244770,33886168,Posted: 29 July,all,questingbeast,"Not a fan, needs to be better in almost every catagory to be honest, especialy AI and singleplayer. Will be keeping an eye on it to see how it develops."
76561198176878343,Not Recommended,244770,34008756,Posted: 3 August,all,ThirdOfFive,"When I first heard of this game several years ago it looked very interesting and promising, but when I bought it and started playing it I was simply disappointed. The gameplay was lacking in any motivation to do anything and the planets were completely different than from older versions and made no sense. This game had a lot of potential and unfortunately it seems to have been wasted.Then again, I didn't play the game for very long (only about an hour) so take this with a grain of salt. But suffice to say this game is not as fun to play as it looks."
,Recommended,244770,18375882,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Mal,we am spasepeepole
,Recommended,244770,25193147,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,WilliamSail,Children play Minecraft. Adults play Starmade.
76561198171214989,Recommended,244770,31360279,Posted: 25 April,all,SSbacon,just got one problem when is multiplayer gonna ?
76561198360681620,Recommended,244770,30868407,Posted: 31 March,all,killemille,So much to do. The building in this game is great!
76561198264174398,Recommended,244770,30546904,Posted: 16 March,all,Meltdown,ok but very complicated
,Not Recommended,244770,28454175,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[E6G]Gantradies,"intresting idea,is still unfinished and FEELS unfinished >.>ship controls feel clunky (movement AND camera controls, to be honest,MOSTLY the latter, especially with multiple peopel in a ship- you are locked out of chaging viewpoint at all if someones in the core or weapon controllers for no aparrent reason) >.>note im not quibbiling about the art style, mainly GUI/HUD issues aside from the stuff i mentioend above.have heard the rate of major updates has significantly increased in the last year, so would suggest keeping an eye on the project mid/long term."
,Recommended,244770,31164469,Posted: 15 April,all,Mr.Bacon,its like the space age in spore but with blocks
76561198114578304,Recommended,244770,29929771,Posted: 14 February,all,Private Paula,"It's a sandbox game atm. You can build ships of every size from 5m to 1000m length. And then you can blow each other up.And it works. It's not like in Space Engineers where your server crashes as soon as 2 mid sized ships battle. Here you can have 20 ships of 100m length (1m=1cube so 1 Starmade meter equals 1 cube in a big grid ship of Space Engineers) battle each other and it actually works smooth. Ofcourse playing battles with very big ships or letting them crash in each others kills every server. Get some brain guys we are only have intel processors and not quantuum ones. :DSo it's definetively a better sandbox as SE is!The other competitor Empyrion is nice too (I played all 3 games), but has zero logic and only one or two stations that are created in the universe. In Starmade there are thousands of stations and asteroids generated in the universe and they have like 200 station templates and also AI controlled fleets get generated (pirates, traders, aso) and they are also selected from a ... I think 100 big ship pool atm? Ofcourse Empyrion has some nice bases on planets and the PVE part is great there. But it does NOT have LOGIC. Without logic you can't create own stories and adventures like you do in Minecraft.Its definetively harder to learn as SE or Emp, but for me, it's fun. =)"
,Recommended,244770,24956250,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Statickai [Syan],Better than No ''Frame's'' Sky.
,Recommended,244770,34847000,Posted: 9 September,all,OPness,"A game for voxel engineers, I am not a voxel engineer... but I can see how if I was, the ship building would be real cool."
76561198094616338,Recommended,244770,23935932,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Patrick,"I saw all the good comments about this game, and i was like: HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥i have to buy this game, it's even better then empyrion. So i bought it only to find out that i had to go all out Stephan Hawking on this game........ Sitting in my chair looking bored as ♥♥♥♥ while actually having fun and being smart at the same time 10/10 would sit up all night"
,Recommended,244770,15300958,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,68paul,It's okay.
,Recommended,244770,33416328,Posted: 9 July,all,fuzzyheadedfreak,This is a great game! Minecraft in spaaaaaaace... only better.
,Recommended,244770,33710512,Posted: 21 July,all,Deadus,"Really one of the most fantastic dev teams, while this game has been in progress for 5 or more years it has had many fun iterations to it. I'n the past you could build giant ships and fight, now you have to use your head and try to build a medium sized ship that is both agile and has the power of the gods behind it. I love this game!"
,Recommended,244770,33740570,Posted: 23 July,all,Yell0wAt0m,"Starmade is amazing, you can build a ship and explore a randomly made universe and i mean that its will go on forever. The ship building is awsome and so is everything else about it"
,Recommended,244770,23366910,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SkullMasterRobin,best game ever
76561198016999243,Recommended,244770,14596116,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ccphil,It's a low res Space Engineers. Still lots of fun.
,Recommended,244770,15472782,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Teriyaki-Sama,"The game is fun. It just takes way to freaking long to get from place to place. 6/10Also, This game suddenly got really laggy."
76561198056047583,Recommended,244770,17353391,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,jackalmarine,"i know it is not the perfect game, but i love it, i just seem to enjoy building and fighting ships a lot.would recomend with a score of about 7/10"
,Recommended,244770,17362578,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,INFERNO (is hungry),This game is awesome if you liked mine craft but want something in space this is for you.the ship detail you can do is so cool and its only in alfa
,Recommended,244770,17496726,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Franz Wersmith,Literally The Best Game Of All Time 100/100 Deserves Game Of The Year.
76561198042237959,Recommended,244770,13995169,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,ezdez,"If Minecraft is a sandbox, StarMade is the beach. And instead of getting a shovel, you're given a bulldozer. The way the weapon system works is great - if this were in minecraft, it'd be like strapping 4 bows to your arms, but instead of arrows you shoot pickaxes to mine faster. And do you like that epic mansion you built in singleplayer? Why not save the blueprint and rebuild it in multiplayer? All you need are the resources. AMAZING. What's more, the game is free. FREE. Go and try it out, then pay for the game anyway because it's damn fun.THESE DEVS CARE. Lots of updates, great community and massive potential. The game has a lot of great things in it, the core mechanics are solid and lots of different elements. Let's review some of the common comments:Great multiplayer - valid (this game is built for sharing with friends or strangers)Boring single player - mixed (there's not much ""to do"" other than fight pirates, build spaceships and mine resources. There wasn't much to do in Minecraft in Beta either. Quests are coming.Bugs - invalid (the game is free, try it first, and yeah it's an alpha)Real talk: you'll probably never build anything epic. You want to build the Enterprise? You won't. But you CAN download the blueprint. My only warning is that the game isn't optimised yet, and there are lag spikes even on recommended system requirements. Memory leaks are common in alphas and so I'm ok with this. Some funny bugs though, a trade guild convoy of about 5 ships crashed into a planet and was stuck. Dropped fps to about 1-5fps, practically unplayable, but also hilarious. Would lag again."
,Recommended,244770,17275507,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,0range99 (SAM),Just look at my hours played and realize I have only played this game for 4 days.(its 56 just in case it changes later on)
,Recommended,244770,15088443,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SysWiz,IT IS AMAZINGPROS:SPACEBUILDINGPIRATE BATTLESMULTIPLAYERMODABLECONS:JUST TO GOOD
,Recommended,244770,21722095,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Chunky,Pretty cool. Would buy again.
,Recommended,244770,21013292,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Rik,BEST GAME EVER.
,Recommended,244770,24222363,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ct_unknown,I found this game well worth what i spent especially considering it is still under development.
,Recommended,244770,16523486,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Nigrumz  ディック分隊,"autism in space, who wouldn't want this"
,Recommended,244770,15885904,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,SodaShot,Really good game
76561198125194186,Recommended,244770,24935884,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SAF 11,Make playable for console
76561198198502635,Recommended,244770,16144637,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,taterthetank,This game Is amazing and fun to play i could play this for days without rest the only problem i had is with some people who where asking for babies i dident now what that meaned i think they ment real babies
76561198212174136,Recommended,244770,17404992,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,TheGeckoGamer,I love the game but i cant seem to be able to log in. My pc always says JFM crash?
76561198191172775,Recommended,244770,23258449,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,theamazeinggamer,i cant start the game it ether don't let me play or it dosn't respond
76561198211120655,Recommended,244770,23590094,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Cookietaco74,"I have had this game for a couple months now and for sum reason it does not want to start up the game,every time I hit play it says it is running then it says it is not just as quickly,please if anyone can help me with my promblem I would apreciate the halp."
,Recommended,244770,24394225,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,monster of the night,i cant even start the gamee
76561198361263007,Recommended,244770,31800322,Posted: 17 May,all,contramat,Very promising concept.
76561198017136970,Recommended,244770,23943765,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,aaronlittlefield,"This game has the makings of minecraft meets EVE meets Star Citizen.It needs work, but it will be awesome in the end."
76561198281056681,Recommended,244770,35275004,Posted: 28 September,all,dylanbarrios5910,"Absolutely losve this game, it's like a combination of ""star wars"" and ""mine craft"" but it tends to lag bad on how big your creation is."
76561198014093845,Recommended,244770,16090877,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SpringGhost41,Into the the wormwhole with Morgan Freeman.10/10
76561198090003449,Recommended,244770,25155075,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,maon3123,"would have loved to try it but after downloading it sair"" your platform is not sujpported"" and i cant get a refund :l  2/10besides that though the game looks like it is relly good and has some great potential.so without my own personal experience 8/10side note actually has active devs XD"
76561198165024216,Recommended,244770,25041246,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MilmoMcMaggins,"I owned this game about 2 and a half years ago when it was free to play.It worked swimmingly! I would play for hours on end. I remember landing on flat planets and selling all of their ice crystals to save up for a space station (i never did). Now I come back to the game wanting to see how it has improved. So i spend £11 to buy the game again.I marvell at the new menu screen and start a new world in sandbox mode. after waiting well over 10 minutes on the loading screen watching the little star on the logo rotate, I realise that I had a problem on my hands. Well I tried to solve it; but NOOOOOOOO Wyll can't just google his problems away, can he?Please help me, guys ):"
76561198189914091,Recommended,244770,16630765,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Morwic,Whawt a great game !!!!
,Recommended,244770,17330592,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,[Mz] Mulic,"even for an early piece, It is pretty amazing."
76561198072955490,Recommended,244770,17334814,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,T_JUS,"While there were... minor difficulties in actually starting up the game for the first two-three days, this problem was surprisingly easy to solve. Other than that, this game is just packed with content, and endless possibilities. Imagine Minecraft, with what I shall fondly refer to as ""The Macross Missile Massacre"", and you may get something similar to this. Truly exhilarating to play, despite the counter-intuitive controls in some sections. Still, it's surprisingly good fun."
,Recommended,244770,17311614,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Alexander,I love this game. It's like minecraft mixed with space engineers.
,Recommended,244770,14038710,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ALLIGATERS R COOL,"My computer freaked out and almost died, it lags a lot still in pretty early access too, could still have a lot of fixes but the ship building is great! flying is hard though. It has had barely anything changed after 2 years, there are no real ways to land ships and it is impossible to do, flying the ship itself is hard and ther is no way to level Im a little sick of it and can't believe I payed $10"
76561198036525002,Recommended,244770,17695860,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,EVNgelion01,"Been playing this game for so long now, even had a hand in persuading the devs to add in some features. i love this game because i can do anything i want and not really cry about it too much. i love this game because i can be what or who i want -and not cry about it too much-"
76561198087926910,Recommended,244770,20616034,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Get sn00ped son,"This game is alright I guess, but will get boring after awhile. This game can get really sweaty(having to put in a LOT of work). I just wish this game was a little bit less sweaty and there were a story line to it other than just shooting things like crazy. Otherwise combat is great and having to deal with all the huge pirate ships there are is great!"
,Recommended,244770,14005781,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tony2Scoops,Flew into the sun and melted my face off.BESS GAME EVA10/10
76561198103960264,Recommended,244770,14108721,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Artanis,This game totally copied CoD:AW and CoD: Ghosts.1010 needs more CoD-ign
76561198012398801,Recommended,244770,17171731,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Mr K,"At this stage very very rough pre beta, if like me you like to gamble on early access and see how things pan out then at 6 odd pound this may be worth a punt. Be warned tho it is clunky ( Very Clunky ) dont expect minecraft in space or a space engineers clone. Do expect a technical mess and bugs with lotsa googling from the otherwise excellect communityIt has potential... nuff said"
76561198123036299,Recommended,244770,31832778,Posted: 18 May,all,Dubnus,It really has potential but its dead.You can still get fun out of it so yeah its ok
,Recommended,244770,17008539,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Santini,"Congratulations to the developers, they are very dedicated, often update this game. It's simply wonderful!I love this game, simply because I can build a giant ship and go around destroying everything and everyone, it´s amazing :DHours of fun, guaranteed!"
,Recommended,244770,17051983,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Izavar,"Eve meets Minecraft, the game excels at letting me fly lego-like starships that I used to make as a child. Lacks some UI refinement and some polished objectives if you're in singleplayer. Also, much of the building is very, very technical in nature, sometimes needing to run equations to understand power requirements of systems.Biggest innovation for the voxel-sandbox games - Integration of ""Creative Mode"" into gameplay through the ""core"" and ""build"" blocks. When you're building a ship, you start with a core block. You enter this block to build and fly the ship. In Build mode, it allows you to freely move the camera about, and even set planes to mirror building on the blocks.Resource collection and manufacturing of blocks is meant to be done at large scale, empowering (and enticing!) you to make capital-sized ships.Game is good now; I'd be really curious to see what it woudl be like if they applied some of the lessons from voxel games like Trove, with adding more user-tangible color and objectives to the mix."
,Recommended,244770,28782025,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TheButterMatrix,"Honestly when I first bought this game it was complete crap and I got a refund on the game. (which isn't super suprising since this is early access)But, after getting back into the new demo and the game, It was a lot more playable with the new tutorials and things, enough to make me buy the game again. This game is actually pretty fun now and I would definitly reccomend it to someone."
76561198028374520,Recommended,244770,16005024,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,BaneBlackGuard,"block based transgalactic awesomeness.   for those that love to build and explore galaxies, this is the game for you.   multiplayer servers seem to wipe alot, that's a bit of a downer."
76561198118281612,Recommended,244770,15307712,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Noah,I cant get get the game to work it keeps having an error with loading.
76561198063926806,Recommended,244770,21930752,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Soldat,if someone can help me out please add meso i got an problem wiht starmade i cant start it on steam and i get evrytime java error i need to download java update or something i do it evrytime and restart my pc evrytime it doesent want to work if someone can help me out please add me here on steam i will give screenshoots how the error looks like waht can i do? about my java?
,Recommended,244770,16508226,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Solid Sebass,i havent played much of it so i dont know
,Recommended,244770,31011156,Posted: 7 April,all,Hayes.GR,Stay the hell away from this one!I called a person out on his platant attempt to take my ideas and simply change some words around and instead of the plagerist being punished I get punished. But that didn't get me band from the site.http://i.imgur.com/nSyZ0m4.pngThis got me a warning.No instead when I noticed they used TM after Schine and StarMade I decided to see if they really where registered as required by law in the US and EU. Neither of which where. So I messaged them that info. That is when they band me.In short they didn't like someone pointing out an illegal use by their company of the TM.http://i.imgur.com/NVAnvL6.png
,Recommended,244770,24588211,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Drew,it could use help with unblockieness but other than that good fun
76561198283241371,Recommended,244770,21757864,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Merkmojax,i fixed it
76561198121188858,Recommended,244770,14121862,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Mojo Jojo,11/10 Such a great game has a lot of potential it is worth the buy !
,Recommended,244770,28065650,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[DUCKZ] Crazy_Coffee,IZ VERI GUD 5 MY SNIPER MONTAGE9/11WOULD FLY THE HMS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥INTO A SUN AGAIN
,Not Recommended,244770,24128273,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Sationas,Devs need to improve UI a lot
76561198135766182,Not Recommended,244770,28847005,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Felell,"Constant lag and glitches, most of the ship functions don't work. There isn't enough in the universe to discover. The AI constantly spazes out.Looks nice enough. But not worth it."
,Recommended,244770,29969954,Posted: 16 February,all,ctnightmare,Love
76561198179815891,Not Recommended,244770,28829914,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,andrelei5503,Honestly this game is not that fun. It can be hard to figure out how to make your ship effeciently and get the resources you need to actually get started building your ship. Plus the game gets pretty laggy sometimes.
76561198020014209,Recommended,244770,15764047,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,DXsus,a cool game if you like minecraft
,Recommended,244770,17407070,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Jeff's Left Nipple,Figured I better redo this review. Game deserves better. It reminds me a lot of the way minecraft came to be. Not only because they both rotate around squares but they game development proccess. This game started with a lone developer and stayed in alpha for centuries. I played the alpha  in 2013 maybe? and a lot of the things there worked the same as they do now. Not saying that things havent changed but the game had solid ground in alpha and is still improving a ton today. Minecraft was in open pay to play beta/alpha for a long time. You can play this game for free with the demo and it feels complete. I reccomend buying it and supporting the community and developers.
,Recommended,244770,17249708,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Hypeday,It's preety cool
76561198042913113,Recommended,244770,15184164,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,caidicus,"Starmade is a fantastic game. I've played it for hundreds of hours for free, when I found it in 2013. Since then, it's only gotten better and better. After a very long hiatus from the game, I've come back to see so many wonerful features added and ironed out, making this a wonderful experience to discover.Thousands of planets, asteroids, and things to do.Giant ships, limited only by your imagination (and CPU specs, I suppose).Dedicated servers meaning worlds for you to play in that you actually matter to.There's so much to like about this early access title, and I'm betting we have a lot more to look forward to.Buy it if you've played Minecraft and thought ""I wonder what it would be like if I could go to space"", while playing it."
,Recommended,244770,16393748,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Doe,"Great GameIs a good combination of games like space engineers, minecraft, starbound"
76561198021091428,Not Recommended,244770,20523701,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Alniliam,This game seems dead and riddled with bugs and has a very high learning curve for beginners.
,Not Recommended,244770,20131257,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,☢Bread Lord☢,"i payed $14.00 for this! It won't even open! It opens, loads, than closes!!!! What the heck?!?!?!?!?!?! Don't even think about buying this steaming pile of crud!I am starting to think that the dev. lived under a rock and he named his company after something shiny. And because he lives under a rock, he spelled it wrong!This crud is not worth anything!!!! Maybe it would if it would do something that is not loading the game, and then closing it!!!!!!! NEVER BUY THIS EVER"
76561197990312278,Recommended,244770,22817382,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sapper,Minecraft in space...what more can i say
,Recommended,244770,21590186,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Xadi,yo dawg his game was made for ♥♥♥♥♥♥s lnmao
,Recommended,244770,28907440,Posted: 1 January,all,[Blitz] Spark,"Honestly, one of the best sandboxes i have ever played. Very challenging and slight fighting skill is required"
,Recommended,244770,18309277,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Madelie(CrateOfGoods),"even though i suck at building things, the game is ENDLESS."
76561198164386229,Recommended,244770,32373486,Posted: 12 June,all,Metal587,"for some reason it wont launch on my optiplex 980, it might be because i have not updated this computer but it is a great game"
76561198210795041,Recommended,244770,30361851,Posted: 6 March,all,tamedphoenix,how do i reduce the lag in this game?
,Recommended,244770,15498813,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Johnafin,"Imagine Minecraft and Universal Sandbox met in a bar, then went home and f#$%@#.This is what you'd get"
76561198155470672,Recommended,244770,13667176,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,IHuntSeals :(,dose not work
,Recommended,244770,17143570,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Hypernova Kirby,please Add Occulus support it will be boss if it has itand i love this game so much the trailer gives the game a boss perpective.. and the music is boss tooo.i reccomend this game to all people that like space and build
76561198085820846,Recommended,244770,17142401,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,ami^,G8 Game would r8 88/88 friend :DDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,244770,19122127,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,brokenarrow630,my game hits 100% but then it closes out whyyyyyyyyyy?
,Recommended,244770,24101658,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,bigsylph1,"All these people who say that it crashes and they cant launch the game, i dont see what the problem is i haven't ever had a issue with getting into the game or crashing runs perfectly without any issues for me great game 10/10"
,Recommended,244770,18216003,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,fat loser,its good
76561198150140480,Recommended,244770,24539453,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,munchkinplaysgames,Good Game I like it i was able to play local.
76561198109414086,Recommended,244770,16047168,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Foxes,better then sex
76561198059388479,Recommended,244770,15569807,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Savagepotato45,"other than the rough ride i had through installation, this game is mostly an average game, something to waste your time on. but in my opinion this game was a grind to get anything, like armor or more weapons(ship armor and weapons). all i wanted to do was just make a huge ship that would demolish anything but even when i spawned in items the ship creator just felt awkward since the UI was so strange to use.i got bored with this game, but thats just me, give it a try maybe you will have a better experience."
,Recommended,244770,14159464,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,UmadeDota,1. I buy the game2. Play3. Crash4. Update Intel Card5. Play6. 1FPS7. Set the settings to Min8. Play9. 1.00001FPS10. RageQuit11. Break Laptop14. So Mad i can't even type numbers15. Buy Laptop16. Restart From 2. A Million Times10/10 Love Breaking Laptops
,Not Recommended,244770,14772487,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,lucasfolander,"Sorry for the people who like this game, i was hoping for a great space sim. Then i found this and i thought it looked cool, though its too unrealistic and minecraft'ish for me."
,Recommended,244770,14941264,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,papul,good
76561198036558551,Recommended,244770,13775062,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bathroom dinosaur,This game at the moment sucks. Wait till it gets good to buy it.
76561198124914833,Recommended,244770,13817680,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Nacho_Libre,"I have a duo core 3G with a Radeon 7790 (1GB) i think...? 8GB ram and this game completely stutters to the point of it being totally unplayable.. I don't get it. The real kicker is that i didn't see i could have played the demo first. I wasted my last 10 Steam bucks on this game... Is there anyway (like on Origin) I can be refunded???? I sure hope so. This is not to say the game in and of itself is a bad game.... It just has a seisure everytime i turn it on.... I have no issues playing games like Warframe, Titanfall and battlefield 4 on max settings. This doesn't even come close to that graphical fidelity. I'm confused.........any help would really be appreciated... I've even turned down all the settings and still, nothing but glitchy sound and really choppy video. Thanks. happy gaming!"
,Recommended,244770,17276054,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bull Durham©,Is ok the way it is right now but is severely lacking and enemies are overpowered. Am hoping it will get better later.
,Recommended,244770,16293276,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,seracath13,How do you get into single player mode?
76561198025394635,Recommended,244770,14114928,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"This game has a huge potential.It's a merge of Space Engineers with Minecraft, a very great combination.You can make your ships ( even the interiors ) and explore planets and gather resources from them.You can create factions, edit it in a vast roll of options.Create Stations and fleets.Tons os servers.This game is designed to be played online, if you are a single player, than this game might get boring after a few days.8/10 for an early game.Just waiting for it to be finished."
,Recommended,244770,16060543,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,zradack12,i have a super hard time trying to open the game on my mac-_- it would be great if you made it easier to open and startup the game
,Recommended,244770,16454578,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,djank,gut gaime. very fun with frends. most buy. 10-1/11
,Recommended,244770,25519466,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,spaceEngineer,going great I do worry about performance in the future.
76561198118973732,Recommended,244770,16692911,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[1S-05] Big Smoke (Nate M.),"stragedy, combat, settlement, exploration, bulding, whats not to love about this game?"
,Recommended,244770,16375632,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,cookiecop27,I can't play the game for some reason plz help!
,Recommended,244770,21766718,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,sb321,"I've seen my friend play this game but it was on a mac. I try to play the game on my PC and it doesnt work. I have tried to update my drivers but the upddate tool isnt detecting anything and the manual updating process isn't very user friendly. I will recomend this game but not if you have just a plain, unmodded PC right of the factory line"
,Recommended,244770,28142251,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Blue_Dragon101 [Digital-Riot],Yay Starmade
,Recommended,244770,14484383,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Blanjipan,Some of the most fun I've had in a long time was in this game.11/10 would Get my Enterprise Replica destroyed again.
,Not Recommended,244770,16889432,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mallchad,"This game has been slowly getting better and better, the rail system added ALOT of new fun possibilities. It's VERY early beta/alpha and I don't expect much of it right now. But I have high hopes of this game. The in-depth system's and territory system couple lead to a massive community when given the chance (MMO maybe?)-Right now the weapon's just don't feel right and you don't feel like you have the power to wreak havoc upon a ship or destroy it quickly with major caliber weapons. That being said this game needs a quick overhaul on some graphics and some music (music is something I think every game needs and it's a lil bland without it)-There are some bugs that don't help the game out, like when I logout inside a ship that ship disappearsAt this point I don't have much to say about the game and I wouldn't recommend it. But I've seen alot of promising things and I'd defiantly keep a eye on it ;)"
76561198014493080,Not Recommended,244770,23697562,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Tswiggs,"Updated Review: I let the game develop for another six months and then wanting to give it another go.  Few other games offer the incredible deep space, minecrafty expirience that Starmade promises.The game currently has reworked its launcher and looks much nicer now.  The sound issues I previously ran into are nowhere to be seen and the game didn't have any technical problems starting up (other than desperately needing vsync to be turned on by default). Gameplay was immediately impeded by getting stuck in the floor of my ship and being unable to free myself despite a tip suggesting I press ""up"" to get unstuck (didn't work for some reason).  Then i set to customizing the starter ship.  The cannon/salvage/weapons system is opaque and has zero documentation.  Even after browsing several out of date wikis I could not piece to gether why the cannons were doing what they were doing.  Having played an earlier version where there was a full tutorial, I understood the master/slave computer system but I still was unable to get anything working the way I wanted.  And hour and a half later i gave up.  This is still a solid ""Don't Buy"" for me.  The game clearly underwent major changes and the documentation just hasn't kept up.  There is no way to learn how to play this game without someone who can just answer all your questions."
,Not Recommended,244770,20281824,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,blerb,"the tutorial teaches you jack (nothing) and the game is way to complicated. if the devs are reading this then i have one request, simplify it.pros:- huge epic ships- amazing graphics,especially for a voxel game.- huge variety of blocks to build with- awesome game effects- lasers- planets are not overrestimatedly blurred out.cons:- too complicaed- tutorial teaches you jack (nothing)- long words that only a handful of people on earth know exist- words that even obama doesn't know how to pronounce- no painting system- terrible ship creation system- terrible default key bindings- the 'controls' section of the settings doesn't show all controls.- terribly dull GUIs- bland color scheme- seizure inducing flashes of light- the dialogue is impeccable- unnecessarily complicated inventory"
76561198086111735,Not Recommended,244770,13370674,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Red_Sky-,"I randomly stumbled upon this game.  I clicked on it out of curiosity, and then I saw that the rating said ""Very Positive.""  I'm thinking to myself how?  I read the reviews, and next thing you know I purchased this game.  I haven't gotten down all the concepts of it yet, but it is endless.  I have no idea how I have never heard of this game before.EDIT 2/24/15: Meh.... Idk.... Sorry, but I just can't suggest this game anymore.  It's a great concept and is fun for a little while, but there is not much to do in this game.  Wil change if it gets better."
,Not Recommended,244770,18116679,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Magician,"Tons of potential. Not much delivery right now. Servers are empty and there's no point buying right now until the devs, y'know, DO SOMETHING."
76561198031285042,Not Recommended,244770,20524708,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Glencannon,Unplayable.  This game sucks up a ton of resources and is basically unplayable.  The controls are choppy and game play is un inspiring.
76561198127082516,Recommended,244770,22819243,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,pjra18,i regret getting my refund just to get another game im buying this stuff back!
,Recommended,244770,24259215,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Bitfob,good game
76561198121066809,Recommended,244770,13973533,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,horsebrackets,"I've been following this game for awhile now, it is going to be an amazing game when they get it done.Its already 3/4ths amazing now... i cant wait to play the finished product... assuming my computer will be able to run it."
76561198302134000,Recommended,244770,25660506,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,callycalcal,can you please ad a auto navigation
76561198197065550,Recommended,244770,24604255,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,missa3183,at %30 it chrashes but if u fix it its agood game
76561198039663245,Recommended,244770,17093400,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,facciola007,Great game!
76561198209169868,Recommended,244770,17613410,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,TheBaconGamer,"Starmade looked like a good game from the videos, however, I can`t enjoy that ""good game"" for when I load it up it takes me through a bunch of wierd setting screens. Once I press start it takes to a black and white loading screen, once it gets to 100% it closes out and nothing happens.So, in short, if you can get the game to work, I highly recommend you play it, if you can`t get it to work, then, I don`t know what to tell you.A review by,djmorrison/steamybacon1"
76561198116694730,Recommended,244770,32034011,Posted: 28 May,all,Jade Hardly,not for $5 but good
76561198091175551,Recommended,244770,33272484,Posted: 5 July,all,DeathDefier,Minecraft in Space... What more needs to be said?
76561198169868943,Recommended,244770,32571439,Posted: 19 June,all,gamingtoday093,Fun good!
76561198201450005,Recommended,244770,31924231,Posted: 23 May,all,EmeraldPig7,"Gets stuck at 50 percent. :| Used to be able to play, It was good."
,Recommended,244770,23977577,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,redshirtboy2,its fun if your in to mining and space ship building
,Recommended,244770,15210362,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Neurosys420,"I spent $9 on this instead of $59 on Elite: Dangerous.The reason: I play X3, I'm used to being able to have more than 1 ship. In this I can have AI ships and form a fleet, but not in Elite.Thats all I wanted."
76561198078932522,Not Recommended,244770,16933472,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,AngryScotsman31,It's a laggy game and multiplayer is broken and half the time the sound track is basically white noise.
,Recommended,244770,26083265,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Russian National Anthem☭☭☭,so much lag i cant play!
,Recommended,244770,30994339,Posted: 7 April,all,JustinR,Timo buy this game...
,Not Recommended,244770,19871496,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Nightmare,"This game was good up until they added the Personal Block Limiting, This has 100% killed immersion into this game where as unlimited block storage space in your personal inventory made it to where if you where into a deep building project you can keep going and going NOW you cant, I am dissapointed fully in this changed, newtonian method, This is a whole new issue itself you loose diversity of flight controle now and if you dc your ship is GONE, I remember without Newtonian that a ship can turn on a dime and move faster and stop faster aswell, with newtonian method in place you ship has just WAY to much drag now and when you wana stop YOU CANT based on the mass of your ship and engins....I clocked in 582 hours on this game then this change comes along and kills me fully, I am highly recomending that this be removed or its just 1 less person playing maybe even many more.... 10/10 down to 7/10,. I cant get back into this game and have fun and be happy any longer :C"
76561198078219448,Recommended,244770,32327412,Posted: 10 June,all,Monstarules,"I see a lot of haters hating on the game because ""It's bad"" or ""It's hard"". This game, while it is rated for everyone, is certainly not for kids, or even teenagers, who want to just play this like it is space Minecraft. It is hardly Minecraft in space. It is different, and a lot better than that. This game is fantastic, and I have played it since it came out years ago in an alpha version. It has only gotten better. I suppose a lot of the people who have bought this and are trying to load it think that it is like Minecraft. Even on the lowest settings, this game requires something other than a laptop with an i5 processor, 4 gigs of RAM, and Intel HD graphics kids :)"
76561198007197441,Not Recommended,244770,16850001,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Demogron,"Sound would not work.  Tried multiple suggested fixes.  Even if I could get the sound to work with some of the fixes,  I should not have to fix your game to get it to work."
,Not Recommended,244770,16951553,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,kirtanloorii,The game was very buggy in it's current pre-alpha state. I will try again later when it's been patched up.
,Not Recommended,244770,18929950,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Spooky Meowt,"to be honest here, i played the pre-alpha back when this was free before greenlight and i feel that literally nothing has changed.Dont get me wrong this game has a great idea but its just that i feel as if there has been nothing that changed since two years agoi guess you could give it the arguement that ""Oh its still in alpha early access give it time""well i have, two years and still no difference that i can noticeso im sorry but for now i feel as if this game isnt worth your money"
,Not Recommended,244770,23512697,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Juice,"The game didn't start for me. It just had a black screen and stayed like that forever. I refunded it. Maybe It's just that my computer can't even run this game, or maybe the game isn't viable for Mac though. Whatever, I really wanted this game. It looksed fun and cool. It's too bad I had to refund it. Just in case, I wouldn't reccomend buying this game if you have a Mac or a really bad computer."
76561198099013025,Not Recommended,244770,21737461,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Volksgrenadier Gavin,Is♥♥♥♥♥♥Takes too long to gather materials.Combat is potato.Basically advanced spehss minecraft.
,Not Recommended,244770,17528059,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Massacir,Great game once you find a decent enough server to play on...and hope it doesn't shut down. This happens quite often.Message to developers: Create official servers. Save us the trouble of constantly moving from server to server.
76561198079965938,Not Recommended,244770,16277084,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,The guy in your closet,"The game is just awful, hard to build anything good, when you are in buildmode you are still moving so you have to keep leaving, moving back, then doing it again, ships float away once you get out of them, docks make your ship go under the floor making it impossible to get in them, turrets never work, then they added the rail system making things even harder since we had a year of making it with the old system. You can't really get credits and the only real way to do that is to take other people's stuff, and in single player it's either pirates or you scavage entire plantets and get almost nothing for it. But since pirates have the old turret system it's hard to attack them. With about 8-12 turrets sometimes rockets firing at you all at the same time. You need computers which most of the time don't even work, the new update made everything, just awful."
,Not Recommended,244770,23895920,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Normie,so i played this game before like 1 year ago maybe and i loved it i had decent fps 30 in very heavy areas 60 in space now i downloaded it again cuz i missed it and i have ♥♥♥♥ing 1 fps on lowest settings possible ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198173330119,Not Recommended,244770,17544111,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,BelatedPillow92,"This game upsets me because i'v seen and heard such good things about it but it doesn't work so i will keep it and keep trying and mabey just wait tell it's out of alpha to test it again. It just is really sad and the one thing that causes this is the fact that the game goes from alowing me to see the picture/game(reasponding) to pitch wight (not reasponding). And i think this is sad because i bet it has a good amount of potential, now just because i don't recommend it that doesn't mean i dislike the game i'm just having mixed amotions about the game. But hey send me a message when/if it's working heck i wouldn't care if you freinded me just to do so.-Belatedpillow92"
,Not Recommended,244770,18804750,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Machtri,Need a really good computer to run it. Tutorial is boring and uninformative.
76561198127712735,Not Recommended,244770,17342300,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,SpyGlass,"Everytime I run it, it get to the point where the game loads then crashes and my computer just about doubles the requirements."
76561198001955952,Not Recommended,244770,18646246,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,decook,"Nice idea, but at this time I can't see it working out... Clunky interfaces and controls, backed up with unintuitive game flow make this deeply unsatisfying to play.It is a beta however so sure things can improve, but in all fairness don't spend your cash yet... you can get it free on their site try it yourself."
,Not Recommended,244770,19185839,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,moopey123,It doesnt work
76561198018493753,Not Recommended,244770,23509768,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Vassingen,Cant play the game. Crashes during loading screen. Please fix this issue. Claims java crashes. Payed for this so i expect it to work
,Not Recommended,244770,20267748,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Nickasaurus,"No intuitive introduction leads to a huge headache and the wuestion ""how do i get a refund"""
76561198191071366,Recommended,244770,23851752,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stardestroyer549,looks like an amazing game i dowloaded it but it wouldnt start so i had to refund itto bad :(
76561198024190595,Not Recommended,244770,16298223,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,jowajose,I have no idea what I'm doing and the crafting interface is difficult to understand.
76561198144546935,Recommended,244770,16724639,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,avocado,9001/10I r8 8/8 m8 its gr8
76561198066264307,Recommended,244770,30308714,Posted: 3 March,all,Rightous Dude,WestSide
76561198125164616,Not Recommended,244770,15973920,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,gkostallas,"Usually i`m up for minecraft-like style games, but i really didn`t like this one, FOR ME, it`s boring, it`s unclear and there`s almost nothing to do, but that depends on each person`s opinions.Play the demo first"
,Not Recommended,244770,22968655,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,"Argus, Goblin Fireball","Kind of an unplayable mess, even on a beefier computer.Strange error messages constantly bombard you in single player about ""contacting an admin"" and ""failure to connect to server"". Said messages are impossible to toggle off, and will dominate the screen every thirty seconds, just in case you've forgotten about them. You won't, no matter how hard you try.The tutorial, it doesn't even fill that basic capacity. Vague, confusing item descriptions.Shipbuilding, if you manage to get that far without crashing or lagging and then freezing, is extremely vague, but I will concede that might be part of my frustraition in even getting that far.It usually gets to about that point consistently in the tutorial, and then the game lags, freezes, and crashes, or just generally freezes for fifteen minutes and dumps you on a barren asteroid in bumble**** nowhere, should you decide to abort the tutorial, out of concern the tutorial might be the problem.Eats up RAM, regardless of settings. I mean, 8 gigs is PLENTY to work with. This isn't Fallout 4 we're playing here.Apparently, there's quite a bit of fun to be had in this game, according to other reviews and videos I've watched, but I haven't found it at all. Extremely frustrating. Here's to hoping it gets better in the future, because from everything I've seen, there's so much potential here. I want to like this so badly."
76561198099969221,Not Recommended,244770,14759831,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,guan yu,on laptop cant even start the game!
76561198133070734,Not Recommended,244770,16246401,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Goring,Just bought the game and wouldnt run because I had an Intel card or some sh*t. Been doing like an hour of research and still no working fix found. This is amature material. Fix that sh*t.
76561197984190167,Not Recommended,244770,23411467,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Sledge,After years of development some very basic stuff still doesn't work.
76561198106280950,Not Recommended,244770,14892590,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,trevman35,"Can open it, but the grahics are so glitchy i cant play it. They realy need to realese an update so it will work on intel products"
76561198110470129,Not Recommended,244770,16663424,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SethLove,I personally had a very hard time running the game. The game won't start up if you have an intel graphics drive. Me and my mother had to work hours on end and it still is'nt running.
76561198087014448,Not Recommended,244770,14875076,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Peter,Want my money back.  My driver works for all games other than this♥♥♥♥♥  Do not buy.
76561198080795074,Not Recommended,244770,14698778,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,SolidKevinBacon,"The game has unlimited potential, unfortunately its not very beginner friendly even with its very short tutorial. I wouldnt reccomend buying this until it is finished."
,Not Recommended,244770,16835329,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Mr.Trollow,dose not mother ♥♥♥♥ing work for my pc so don't buy if you are useing a intel graphics card
76561198103213028,Not Recommended,244770,15200782,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,WendiGo,"Requires more development and content to hold my interest - the interface is clunky and the graphics are uninspiring.I'm not interested in somebody contradicting my opinion either, as apologists for this game seem to do."
76561198066328669,Not Recommended,244770,16837678,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Southern vegetables,Unless you remember all of your logon information about steam and everything you'll have to sit through an ungodly linking service that honestly I didn't know about when I bought the game.
76561198164841386,Not Recommended,244770,16249929,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Nuckle Daddy,"Horrible game, is boring, glitchy as ♥♥♥♥, and just not enjoyable, waste of money."
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,244770,22240222,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,Game had lots of potenial but I am tired of the game's slow development. It seems clear to be that it's never going to become anything great at this point.
,Not Recommended,244770,19887781,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,yippaaaaa!?,Didn't like it
76561198127620883,Not Recommended,244770,29051181,Posted: 5 January,all,jacobwintrup,"I go this game because it looked fun and the ratings were good. But i started playinng and, first off the planets won't load i go near them and the game freezes, the controls are horrible, and when flying a ship you cannot change direction without fully stopping and then restarting! I think this game would be more fun if they made the controls more easy to understand, and if the planets, the main point of the game, would actually load! But until then i want my money back!!"
,Not Recommended,244770,18746845,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,HoboCop,Nope
76561198017796238,Not Recommended,244770,19935803,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Soros001,Don't even bother with this game. The concept is great but the implemetation of controlling your character and your spaceshipp really needs a rework. Spent 20mins doing a tutorial and 20mins flying around in space then 10mins crashing into a planet trying to get the minerals and♥♥♥♥♥♥I needed to play this crappy clunky game. 2/10 will uninstall after I write this review.
,Not Recommended,244770,20331243,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,✝S7G✝ Black★Star,WHAT A WASTE OF 15 BUCKS!IF YOU HAVE A INTEL PROCESSOR YOUR SCREWED! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!I PLAY PLENTY OF OTHER HIGH GRAPHICS GAMES NO PROBLEM! THE GAME WOULDN'T EVEN START! YOU NEED TO FIX THIS ISSUE! NOT JUST BRUSH IT UNDER THE F**KING RUG YOU JERK OFFS!.
,Not Recommended,244770,17231240,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Jeo,"not a terrible game, if the dev's didnt abandon it. this game is ok with  lots of potential. game play gets stale very quickly and there really isnt anything to do. the only thing really is to build your ships but even then its extremely limited in what you can do. if the developers came back and added content this game could be great"
76561198067268174,Not Recommended,244770,15528416,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Silver Harmony,"Cannot play, even with the driver updateKeeps crashing"
76561198014920710,Not Recommended,244770,15618537,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,tominbk,"One of the worst UIs and the very worst, most confusing, and least helpful tutorial I've experienced. All of that is even more frustrating after having spent a couple of hours troubleshooting technical issues just to play at all."
76561198043069383,Not Recommended,244770,16802339,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Big Snake Oil,"I haven't actually played the game yet, but It is proving to be having many compatibility issues with built-in intel graphics cards (something with driver compatibility) such as the one present on my laptop. make sure your machine is going to be compatible with the game before you buy, at least until the developer fixes this HUGE issue."
76561198170426966,Not Recommended,244770,17784663,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,KickAsh1,it sucks
76561198070572136,Not Recommended,244770,15368752,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,reidcathey,It always crashes on startup
,Not Recommended,244770,16836884,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Chaos6505*Qc,"1st it lag and my ship's destroyed every time it lag2st sound bug...it's annoying3st it has bored me as hell4st asked a refund...sorry looked great...(for those asking...i have a GTX970, so why the hell it lag that much, i eard they work on it for 2 year...)"
,Not Recommended,244770,14844423,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,(RN) TROY BOI,I payed $10 for starmade and it just crashes everytime i even turned down the distance and texture
,Not Recommended,244770,15211256,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,ThreePeaceSuits,"Have only played this game once so far. Really did not enjoy it so far. The controls are dreadful, the 'sandbox' mode is nothing of the sort, and the game is a mess.I died at one point and I had set my spawn somewhere by accident (a derilict ship) and then spawned with no resources and no way to get any more. I could not find an option to start again. Really dissapointed.It tries to hard to be Space Engineers but fails. The only reason I got the damn game is because Space Engineers isn't on mac yet. I will try the game again in a few months, but right now, don't touch it."
76561198094922376,Not Recommended,244770,15324189,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,danielf527,Game crashes everytime I try to start it up. This was a huge wast of 10 dollars.
76561198113842896,Not Recommended,244770,17976771,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,EE_vP,"I have slightly over the recommended requirements and this game still runs at 10 fps and crashes after 2 min. while in Robocraft, I have a little under the minimum requirements, but run at a constant 35-40 fps.  Other than that small detail. great game.  If I can ever actually run it on my pc, I'll change my review.  Until then:5/10 needs fixing.Edit: 9/11/15Fixed crashing with some help, but still doesn't run well."
,Not Recommended,244770,18586361,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,coconut,"It's a badly made game with bad mechanics and a horrible launch system. There isn't one positive aspect to the game I can think of. immediately after launching and figuring what the game was about, I refunded. Do not purchase."
,Not Recommended,244770,17258074,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Phyxice,The kind of early access the refund system is designed for.
76561198127950145,Recommended,244770,13311673,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Its Not Rocket Science,I spent 10$ on this game and its not working HELP so when i start the tutorial and controls swith to you I cant move i just keep on moving up I spent 10$ ON A GAME THAT DOSENT WORK I WANT IT TO WORK PLZ
76561198074002218,Not Recommended,244770,19335176,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Herr Brighteyes,"Played the game for two hours, got lost, bored and commited siucide, then attacked the shopkeeper who then sent a fleet after me 2/10-IGN"
,Not Recommended,244770,15697251,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,space llama,this game does not work because it has a bug where it says you have a un updated intel card and it is a whole lot of work for nothing
,Not Recommended,244770,21028766,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,definitely slayer,Space Engineers gone wrong.
76561197989383204,Not Recommended,244770,21511321,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Xira,"Impossible to play multiplayer. Devs release buggy servers to live, crappy unoptimized everything. 5-30 second lag with just a dozen people on. Can't touch planets or server crashes."
,Not Recommended,244770,16451569,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,babycak3s,how do i refund?
,Recommended,244770,22330288,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,I AM STRENGTH,meh
76561198045750961,Not Recommended,244770,16774156,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DudeBro Douchinton,The most boring game I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,244770,17239213,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Monocle Tea Horse,"I hated this game. I logged an hour. It played terribly, not to mention the massive confusion on why my ship shot one laser at a time instead of, i don't know, 20. I followed what the tutorial said. I actualy managed to move it. I got to a station, noticed how utterly bland it was, and left, never to come again.1/20 - thats how many lasers were shot that day.Edit - I was looking at the trailer and I noticed - OVER 9 MILLION PROCEDURALLY BLAND GALAXIES TO EXPLORE!"
,Not Recommended,244770,15278594,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,jrkobbi,this game gave  me a headache
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,244770,15658221,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"To steep of a learning curve to the game, about like 5 menus you have to have open at all times. To many controls. The amount of time it takes to travel to different planets is painfull. You will never meet someone as each world in the game is as big as the universe. (Infinite, and you can travel to diff worlds altogether.)Most materials do the same thing, but all they do is have a different model and name. Some will create metal mesh and some others wierd crystal things. I tried playing this but i just cant.Its like trying to combine a sandbox, firstperson open world with some overly- complicated strategy game. It just doesent work.All that aside, i know this is still in early access and has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of potential.for now, i think it will rate this 5.5/10, cause you can still make spaceships out of cactuses."
76561197972313659,Not Recommended,244770,15832047,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Willemdb,"This could be a great game, possibly the best sandbox ever...if they fixed the lighting.But from what I've read they have no intention of fixing it, so I wouldn't recommend buying this."
76561198170012553,Not Recommended,244770,16835404,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Jett,keeps crashing on me and was just a waste of my money
,Not Recommended,244770,17917724,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Dire77,WARNING DO NOT DOWNLOADi have spent hours trying to fix this game and dosn't work at all when ever i open the actual game it crash once it loads 100% :[
76561198172409037,Not Recommended,244770,15249791,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,zombiedolittle,"FIrst of all, when you die, you lose your ship and all its resources. Then you go back to where you started and have even fewer resources to build your new ship. so you have to buy what you can with your credits. Then if you go out and die again, you have no credits or resources. If you die too much, you'll just float around in space without an inventory."
76561198118177192,Not Recommended,244770,16271062,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DidgeryDON'T,cannot use items I buy and verrrrry buggy and difficult to understand and tutorial boring useless confusing and laggy how do i get a refuund?
,Not Recommended,244770,16283184,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[ModMCdl],"This game currently... is terrible.(I know I don't have many hours, but I've easily clocked over 100 on a friends account.)The GUI is confusing and very boxy... it doesn't look like they even tried to make it look nice.In-game play is also very weak. It is very hard starting out, and watching tutorials barely helps."
76561198084125990,Not Recommended,244770,17159428,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,You,Unplayable.
76561198129393427,Not Recommended,244770,16287932,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,LemonRock,♥♥♥♥ing not recommended. the sound is terrible.
76561197984412893,Not Recommended,244770,18211890,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,RAG DOLL,"disappointing, the game is clunky and badly made, rubbish controls and a bad tutorial, this is simply my opinion, if you like space building enough you may enjoy this but i cant recomend"
76561198252523632,Not Recommended,244770,18603744,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Serenity,on load screen game gets to 100%and then just doas not startand page disapears
,Not Recommended,244770,19386822,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nickostien,"i'm sorry I'm going to be honest here and really did try to give this game a go as best I could.I know this is a new game and is still in development and to be honest it sounded like it had huge potential which Is why I was so excited to play it .Unfortunatly I was disapointed.I just found it to be really really glitchy. I couldnt even use the tutorials it was that bad. Its interface is so un user friendly which I would say was the worst let down of all and it should definitly be a thing to work on in development.Unfortunatly due to not being able to even start the tutorial because of said glitches (which is probably the main contributor of the bad user interface, by the way  this is a glitch many users seemed to have reported time and time again before me) nothing seems to make sence without doing them. Even after spending time on you tube to try and figure out how get started, by the time I feel im getting somethere the game would glitch out again.Over all with a lot of development and I mean a lot of development this game could be top notch as it has a great idea concept and if it eventually delivers what it wants to accomplish it could possibly be a game I would want to try again. For now though I'm regreting buying it and it will probably just be another uninstalled game in my steam account for many years to come."
76561198072019857,Not Recommended,244770,15910541,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Biostalker,biggest waste of 1.2 gig of download EVER!!
,Not Recommended,244770,21086149,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,John The Destroyer,I remeber when this game first came out at its very earliest and it was a great game. it had lots of bugs and gliches that could be repaired but apart from that this was a great game. i now just got it on steam it does not work. it just doesnt open!!! so please pach this i spent bloody 7 pounds on this thing!!
76561198072137299,Not Recommended,244770,21935529,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Complexity,it says ive played for 80 something minute but i have been waiting that long for the damn stupid♥♥♥♥♥game to start and i would love to play the game that i payed for
,Not Recommended,244770,16487015,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,keith,"I was playing for five minutes and i was killed. When i tried to get the materials for a new ship, i could not buy them. Also, there is no delete save button! >:("
,Not Recommended,244770,16539744,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Shktrp,simple and not as fun or visually appealing version of Space Engineer.
76561197984611987,Not Recommended,244770,16512333,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Light,"This game is awesome sauce. Minecraft meets Eve online. Not quite as deep as a eve, or quite as polished as minecraft, but holy balls there is potential. Not a huge number of players in the global server list, but enough for me. BUT!!!111oneoneone. This whole beta/alpha EAG♥♥♥♥♥♥makes me murderous. The public was playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥almost two years ago and it's still an EAG? Since when the ♥♥♥♥ did 730+ days still qualify as early god damn muff again access? Can you alpha/beta/charlie/delta EAGS devs cut the♥♥♥♥♥♥already. It just makes you look like half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pussies. Grow a set, and set a ♥♥♥♥ing release date next universe so i can get hyped and throw more than 5 bucks at your deserving faces. I don't want to grow with your game like a fine wine, i want my ♥♥♥♥ing crack now, and after i'm hooked on the real♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can sell watered down effortless garbage like EA all you like, and ill give negative ♥♥♥♥s. A perpetual release isn't going to stop us talking♥♥♥♥♥♥about your game. Nah ♥♥♥♥ it, your not getting a recommend, BECAUSE ♥♥♥♥ EAG!!!!!! THIS IS WHERE I TAKE A STAND, THIS, IS, SPARTA!!!!!!"
76561198141543084,Not Recommended,244770,14586597,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,EthernalFlame(Deadlegend),i cant even get the ♥♥♥♥ing game to start it auto closes
76561198242293586,Not Recommended,244770,19493210,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tom is Happy,"DO NOT WAST YOUR DARN MONEY!!!This is the first time a steam game disopinted me in every way posible! LISTEN! this game does not not look as easy as on the trailer!!! Plus why is this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game is 14 bucks?!?!? This game does not deserve to be even 4 bucks!!! It's worse that MC PE!!! It is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too complicated, it has too much boring tutorials that never teach you anything, it has horrile graphics. the starship building system is also complicated as ♥♥♥♥ and the controls are really ♥♥♥♥ed up when you fly your ship. I mean the whole game system is sooooooooo ♥♥♥♥et up that even the most smartest person in the world would not figure it out!!! and half of the reviews are fake acounts!!! the stations or points, what ever they'r called are sooooooooooooo far away that you have to fly there for 30 minutes in real time!!!! And why when you fly your ship it starts to go all crazyshit????? This game is a piece of total of♥♥♥♥♥♥and a waste of money!!!!! And I hope the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer reads this and gets cancer!!!!!!!!!!!! I HATE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND THANK YOU FOR THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥BIRTHDAY GIFT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!I AM NOT LYING CUZ WHY WOULD I??? THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198159014827,Not Recommended,244770,28104342,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,vizthex,"This game needs A LOT of improvments, for one a better way to determine the cockpit of the ship (Maybe an actual cockpit block).  A better description of everything, and many other things. I'd say before you buy this wait awhile for them to patch it up.I know it's still early access but still, everything needs improving. The tutorial is solid, but not super helpful. Determining a ship's cockpit is proably the worst part of the game, it's very rigid and inflexible and overall very hard to design around."
,Not Recommended,244770,22240352,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Gokuofuin,Piece of absolute steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244770,21235414,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,『トモクシュ』,"Honestly I got this game for like $3 but if I wanted to buy this game for full price, I'd do one of the following.1. Just get space engineers.2. Wait for the game to be stable.3. Still play it on and off.Save your cash kiddies, the game is annoying to get it running functioning properly."
76561197974160177,Not Recommended,244770,14796990,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Ubermensch,"Though the game sounds promising, different bugs have prevented me from launching the game on two separate computers.  In one case it was a well-known Intel Video Driver bug which the devs don't plan to fix but imply (wrongly) is due to out of date drivers.  In the other, a JRE bug prevented the game from being launch-able.Maybe great fun, but it's not fit for sale yet."
,Not Recommended,244770,29654945,Posted: 2 February,all,KingKull2112,"Has been in early access hell for 2 years, isn't going anywhere, looks like roblox in space.Get Space Engineers instead."
,Not Recommended,244770,16047087,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Clyde A Glide,I find this game rather difficult to have fun with. Tutorials suck and the game has horrible FPS for being a low graphics block game. I will stick to Minecraft or Space engineers.
,Not Recommended,244770,19306403,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Darth Sidious,do not try to buy this game! on the official website you can download the game and play for free with your friends
76561198072577410,Not Recommended,244770,15221485,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,KineticImpulser,it is just not very good at all. terrible.
76561197970722803,Not Recommended,244770,15497081,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Christopher Jame,Space Engineers.
,Not Recommended,244770,19949414,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Toxic,"This game is a broken, waste of your money. I try to start up the game (my computer meets reqs) and then it crashes and leaves the thing!"
,Not Recommended,244770,17256323,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Agent Muldur,so i bought the game and was like this is going to be awesome so i started the game there as this odd setting screen i thought ok what ever then it was loading the game and then nothing it crashed instantly the onley way i would ever buy the game ever again is if they fixed that problem:(
76561198010364326,Not Recommended,244770,18374318,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,andrewjm222,Seems like there is so much to do but after a while you get bored.
76561198055756611,Not Recommended,244770,14700659,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,miller713,"So i would not recommend buying this game it lags out hard when i go to a planit.0n top of that every time i log out and log back in my ship is gone still have the stuff in my inventory show ????????.when i built a station with also disappeared with my foges, guns and missiles everything i built i got a wee bit frustrating it does make me sad because i like the game but it is unplayable for me. For those reasons i cannot recommend this game"
76561198195315253,Not Recommended,244770,19335114,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Isis Recruitment Agencies,not worth $13
,Not Recommended,244770,17693942,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,gordon519,THE GAME WONT EVEN LAUNCH!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,244770,21100386,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,FRANKUU,Sorry but the game is stupid!!!Yea the grafiks are good but every thing has no logic!Ou and the multi player is boring!
76561198080175942,Not Recommended,244770,15248605,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Orkork,meh i dont know what to do
,Not Recommended,244770,15980964,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sharky,Pure♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,244770,16028687,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Kit,"Whatever that god awful 3 second, gritty background SFX loop is drove me near madness trying to complete the damn tutorial. Patience gone for today."
76561198089292510,Not Recommended,244770,16485236,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sudanisaniceplacetolive,...no...just no...
,Not Recommended,244770,20617622,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Kanner,Confusing and terrible tutorial
76561198039973263,Not Recommended,244770,18153875,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,jCRESS,Waste of time.
,Not Recommended,244770,17555017,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,stewart,doesn't even get past launcher waste of money
,Not Recommended,244770,17124413,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,SilverJade,Incredibly boring and overly technical.
,Not Recommended,244770,16605035,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SkrabyZarc,"It lags too much, makes defending a base or landing on a planet impossible. Several many glitches cause my computer to lag, grash, and die. If the deelopers ever read this (which they won't, because they never do). then I would like to tell them, that they could learn several many things from minecraft. First off, a peacefull mode would be nice, so that I could actually build a station without it getting blown up instantly. You guys also need to make the game work in such a way that youtubers aren't the only people that play the damn game. You practically need a super computer just to load the game (yes, it even lags on the menu). I'd much rather play a more complete game like space engineers than this waste of money. at least they have planets that actually work right..."
,Not Recommended,244770,14930867,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Halal Betman,this game has issue cant even open it
76561198137559211,Not Recommended,244770,15754417,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,5twedtemman,"looks like an awesome game but it crashes before i can do anything. HUGE letdown,"
76561197969493467,Not Recommended,244770,14704393,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Malenfant,"Promising idea is about the most I could say right now.It's ""Minecraft in Space"" and is heading in the right direction but if you ever played Minecraft way back when it was just the original tech demo then that's about what state Starmade is in currently. If you buy this then it's 100% to support the developer, you're not buying a game, you're buying the possibility that it will one day become one."
,Not Recommended,244770,16287254,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,KamikazeCommie,"If you like minecraft creative mode without infinite blocks, you'll like this. Imagine floating in endless space with nobody around and you'll have some idea of how dull this game is. At least in Minecraft, there's a threat of death that creates suspense. In this game you could fly around for hours and see nothing. The planets are tiny polygons that totally break any immersion, ship building is slow and tedious, pvp is the exact opposite of rewarding and is mostly avoided by anyone but server admins because if you wanna repair your ship, you're most like gonna have to travel half way across the galaxy to find the materials. This is also why you'll most likely never see anyone on a server. The one good side to this is it makes a much friendlier community, since nobody wants to pvp. But that doesn't make for a fun game.Good concept, failed execution. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,244770,24584894,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The All Great And Powerful Pug,"it may just be my computer, but every time i try to start a game, it loads to 29 or 30% and then crashes and kicks me."
76561197977820099,Not Recommended,244770,24745662,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Lizzard,"I'm not going into any length with this review; the game simply isn't worth the time for that.30+ hours in the game and 1/3 of that has been spent in a state of constant technical troubleshooting. To make matters worse, once you get past these ""glitches"" you'll play for a bit, get bored, stop the game and come back a few months later to have to go through all of the same techncial troublshooting you intially went through.White screens, black screens, memory errors, constant loading screens, you name your error and chances are, you'll probably find it! Two or three years ago, maybe I'd forgive this... but that was 2 or 3 years ago already.Then the game itself is just plain boring. It's full of doing nothing but the same thing over and over again for no real gain or advancement. Eventually I just said ""f*ck it"" and built a huge ship of nothign but mining lasers and blasted the hell out of all the planets I found, because... why not??The controls are clunky. The ship building is counterintuitive. The immersion is non-existent. The tutorials are useless. The interface is too complex. There's really nothing in this game that hooks you in and says ""Play me!""."
,Not Recommended,244770,28459531,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Imanukekaboom,"The game was great and all for a little while, but-1) The game cant go 10 minutes without lag or crashing2) if a game has more than 10 players on a server, you might as well not join it. The lag would be INSANE.3) they havent made any improvements to the game other than the launcher, which isnt even needed4) It would say a server is offline due to mantenance, when really the server was fine, and the game just couldnt figure out what was wrong5) They have no enforcement of rules in the game."
76561198062108088,Not Recommended,244770,32359077,Posted: 11 June,all,BlackSilence,Fun for a good 2 hours then it gets stale and you need a new world.
76561198195416427,Not Recommended,244770,15794977,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,SovietGerbil,Look at all these cool things youll never be able to do :D
76561198110384762,Not Recommended,244770,14348263,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,dovahslayer,GAme crashes everytime. I press start game and the screen pops up gets to 96% then dissapears. Keeps giving me some bs about my graphics card saying it doesn't work well with intel so I follow the steps to update it and whoa what's this? My graphics card isn't even from intel so basically there isn't any reason for it to not work. I'll change my rating if someone can help me get it working.
76561198041832277,Not Recommended,244770,14663816,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Absurdist,"Probably it could be good if you get into it, but my first impression is that it is lightyerars away from Space Engineers in terms of graphics, playability and polish.As of now I can't see myself playing any more of it before improvements occur. I'll update appropriately if it improves."
76561198102269834,Not Recommended,244770,18174186,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Maelstrom,sucks
76561198014801597,Not Recommended,244770,20799509,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,scotteddy1,"Unable to start game, I keep getting pixel issues.  Using intel graphics on a laptop that runs most games just fine.  I cannot recommend this game at this time but the premise is good."
76561198136207865,Not Recommended,244770,20904919,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Bacterine,No plays this game anymore :( I wish i saw more people playing it
76561198038077947,Not Recommended,244770,14991062,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Dylan0914,DONT BUY THIS GAME.Pros-Slight epic feeling?Cons-Terrible grammer on the item descriptionsawfull tutorialno sense of direction...I really wanted to like this game But it just turned out being really awfull.
,Not Recommended,244770,29686603,Posted: 3 February,all,S I N Y O R◥◤F L U F F Y,"The refound button works well.""Refound rejected: You have had this game for over 2 weeks.""OH CMON!"
,Not Recommended,244770,30519385,Posted: 14 March,all,Zaya,game needs alot of work the game is hard to get a grasp on but this game coudl be really good if they redid the crafting and the way you get basic matriels
,Not Recommended,244770,24083475,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,aramus8099,"Great concept and idea but the game rarely runs like it should. Crashes alot, and the sound has gone away. Wish I could get refunded for this one."
76561197970494630,Not Recommended,244770,28194215,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Skye Grey,This game is horribly clunky and obtuse. Prepare yourself for getting spawn killed by NPCs while you try and learn the game.
76561198075253197,Not Recommended,244770,14096377,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Arieswar,"Hell of a learning curve alot of improvements to be made, hopefully they will be able to fix them all but i think that it needs a bit more work in the memory department atm."
,Not Recommended,244770,14006875,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nudge Nudge,"Mouse look is seriously broken on linux. Setting sensitivity to max (3.0) is not enough (Even if I have 1600 DPI set on my mouse). The mouselook is still slow and sluggish. The mouse sensitivity setting in options is a category for itself - it only wraps around down, from 3.0 -> 0.1, but not the other way, and one has to click increments (0.1), holding mouse does not work. I had to click 30 times in numerous occasions. There is no slider from 0.1-max to make setting the sensitivity easy.Furthermore, the mouse look seems scene complexity dependent, suggesting a badly implemented game loop timing code.The game is not playable as it is because of this."
76561198000606395,Not Recommended,244770,14123813,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,GrenadierAl,"Pirates are beyond OP and difficulty is set to easy. Missiles do not render and insta-kill and no matter how much money and effort you spend in ship building, you will lose over half your ship in one hit. Turrets shoot through their own base without causing collateral damage but insta-kill players. It's almost a trend now for a pirate base to be within 3 km of my spawn everytime I reset the worlds. Game SHOWED promise but lacks any substance aside from harvest resources, build stuff, and get said stuff annihliated within a few seconds by pirate gods. I really hope I didn't just spend $10 on yet another open-ended early access...."
76561198153292198,Recommended,244770,30548729,Posted: 16 March,all,ZaeCathe,[REVIEW UNDER CONSTRUCTION]
76561198205214652,Not Recommended,244770,24708833,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,jizz_biscuit,looks awsome but plays and runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥clunky complex controlls dont buy it now wait till its out of early access should be much better by then
,Recommended,244770,34332704,Posted: 18 August,all,AZGchip,Its alright.
76561198107246653,Recommended,244770,33829086,Posted: 27 July,all,Anotaros,"Alright right off. Buy this game. Dont have the money? the demos the full game go get that.If someone says ""OOOOH THE GAMES TO BUGGY"" or ""OOOOOHHHHHH I DONT LIKE THE UI, ALSO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥EXPLORATION"" just understand. ITS IN ♥♥♥♥ING ALPHA. ITS LABELLED ALPHA, ALPHAS HAVE ISSUES.Point is for an alpha, id spend money on this game. Its amazing. Its like space engineers, and minecraft, without the complexity of space engineers, also. Its great combat, great building system, great concept, and is good fun even now. In the last few days i have clocked 21 hours. I love it. You would too. WARNING. DONT DISLIKE BECAUSE YOU WONT LEARN IT.Overall, for an alpha, 9/10 (because alpha, and bugs)"
,Not Recommended,244770,14381608,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,ZadronZSX,"This game crashes as it loads and I have the latest Asus ROG laptop with NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 860M graphics card, and my computer greatly exceeds all system recommendations."
,Not Recommended,244770,17068661,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Bandit 4 Life,1. Watches Trailer2. Asks dad 7 days later if i could get it.3. Plays game and realises how bad it was and how it didn't even match the trailer.4. gets a refund but steam wont let me.5. I HATE THIS GAME SO MUCH
,Not Recommended,244770,14148936,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,TheCatKing,"I could not even get in to my game without having to go through tones of ""updating my graphics card"" witch was just a link to a website wear you buy new graphics cards. A game that I have th pay money for should not have to make me pay more money just to play the game beond the launcher!"
76561198105424287,Not Recommended,244770,24773408,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Goip,"Note: Just tried to play again today, and I couldn't connect to any servers because 'runtime encryption error'. So, that should tell you at least something about what a struggle it is.Now, my opinion on Early Access games comes with a warning. I'm not gonna ♥♥♥♥♥foot around. I'm going to review the game AS IS, and I'm going to completely disregard everything that is promised or expected for this game. When you buy an Early Access game you don't buy a promise for a good game, you buy the game as it is in it's current state. I'm going to tell you what you'll get for your money.Now, I didn't spend an overly large amount of time on this game. Not at all, in fact. But it doesn't need an overly large amount of playtime to see what this game is.This game is not an exploration game. This is not a massively multiplayer game. This is a ship-builder. You build ships. Maybe you make a factory to get ship components, or maybe you salvage components from the pirate ships that just kind of fly around and generally do nothing. But really, you build ships. Don't get me wrong, that's really fun, and playing with the logic system and all the guns is really great. Heck, I even had a good time figuring out how to power my massive freaking behemoth destroyer. But all you really do is build ships.Occasionally it's possible to fly around and screw with other players, which is a kick, and there's the pirate stations to destroy, but the lack of other content in this game is grating. It has a few really good systems, but there is almost nothing besides those. Flying around in a huge ship shaped like a phallus is great and all, but there's next to nothing to do but just that. Fly around.There are NPCs in StarMade, but really NPC describes them for almost exactly what they are. Non-player characters. Nothing more, nothing less. There are pirates, but they're just computers in some outdated drone ships. Pirate stations have no pirate NPCs to fight, just ships and defenses. There're shops, but they're entirely player operated and stocked, basically. All of this just adds to the lack of depth.The description promises epic fleet battles, but really there is none of that unless you're a really good organizer or can find a group that regularly arranges those. The biggest battle I've ever been in was with one aggravating player and 2 of his friends. There's not really anything to fight over anyway. (Unless you really value hunks of rock floating in space.)There's a mountainous learning curve to all this, and although I managed to conquer it, some won't.It's tough, no doubt about it, but mostly worth it if you manage to figure it out. Most of the fun of this game is learning, but once you exhaust that, it's just shipbuilding and flying from there.Now, I've so far not mentioned any of the glitches this game boasts. I'll list these here, but don't cry to me about how 'the game is Early Access and it's going to have SOME bugs, come on', because Jesus H. Christ on a bike, there is a lot more than 'some bugs'. It is because of this and the fact that there is NO GAURANTEE that the game will have them fixed that I am going to gripe about them. They've persisted this long, and I know, the developer fixes bugs. But the lack of additional content I've seen added to this game gives me this sinking feeling that there is not really going to be anything major done to this game. (Please, oh PLEASE developer, prove me wrong.)Launching the game for the first time is a battle. If it doesn't work, there's a mile's long list of the things that could have caused it. Java out of date? Oh, you have the x64 AND x32 versions of Java? Have a slight headache? Good luck trying to get it to cooperate. Really. The worst part is, once you solve one problem there is almost ALWAYS going to be another. If you hate a game crashing, then you'll really hate StarMade, because this game has crashes GALORE. They happen almost randomly, which is the most frustrating thing when playing. The best part? There's no gaurantee that that thing you did to launch the game last time is gonna work again.TL;DRThe game is buggy as hell, the dev 'works' on the game, but not really in any significant capacity, and the game has about as much depth as a puddle of water on a hot summer day. In it's current state, I do not reccomend it. Maybe  wait around, see if the dev really does anything, and if they do, THEN cash in. But until then, I can't say this game is worth 15$.But hey, if you like building ships and rigging super complex logic boards, then give it a try. The demo IS free, after all.But don't say I didn't warn you.Edit: Yes, I know you don't have to buy the game. That's why I'm posting the review here and not on the demo page. Also, the launcher just dropped yesterday and it fixes a big complaint of mine.P.S.If you're thinking about posting a negative review, apparently that is looked down upon, as I have recieved multiple messages (Yes, messages, not comments) on how my opinion was♥♥♥♥♥♥and I shouldn't have posted this. If you have read this and are thinking of messaging me, please refrain from doing so, as that is a step BEYOND the line of suggestion."
76561198251997624,Not Recommended,244770,18331513,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,thesearethekeysyoupress,"This game lags all the time!!! I built a ship and flew a bit, and then it just was laggy and didn't work!!!"
76561198150186375,Not Recommended,244770,14386862,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,GhostPro278,"Lots of Bugs and lag, The New interface needs inproving in my words. It is hard to use the ships inventory."
,Not Recommended,244770,14170152,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Bean Bender,I could install a Minecraft mod that runs better than this game. I'll give it sometime and try again in the future.
76561198023483164,Not Recommended,244770,14100310,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Firebat,"Multiplayer is next to impossible on this game. With the lowest of resolution and textures you probably wont be able to stay in a server for long. Even singleplayer says it has lost connection from time to time. I have attempted to join all 128 available servers and have lost connection to all of them. Given, I had less than a 100 ping for only about 1/4 of the servers.The game is fun and has potential, but as of now, dont expect anything but singleplayer."
,Not Recommended,244770,14346962,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Drownin,I cant even ♥♥♥♥ing play it crashes within 2 seconds and my computer is more then capable of running it
76561198142103348,Not Recommended,244770,14067460,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,XDHUGOSXD,"i have seen this game on youtube, i really liked it, but now when i spent 100:- (9,99 euros) on this game, what do you think happened when i started it?it just stopped, also, when i started it again, it said it was due to some card that was not updated! i fraking hate it now, s h i t g a m e because i dont want to go to the store to buy a new weird computer card for 1000:- (100 euros), i want my stupid money back so i can buy games that actually can be played!"
76561198067497360,Not Recommended,244770,14798191,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,battymatty2009,Do not buy this game on Laptops it will not open not worth 1p
76561198239848660,Not Recommended,244770,24337240,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Eggy boi,"It could just be the computer I use, but this game will often crash as well as crash the entire computer with it. Most times the launcher will not even start the game, and it was extremely laggy when I got into it. I plan to get a new computer soon, and hope it improves. And if you're wondering where the time I spent on it went, it mainly was at the launcher or waiting 10 minutes for each part of my starter ship to build."
76561198278512388,Not Recommended,244770,29296828,Posted: 16 January,all,Pat730,this game is too complicated and lags eventhough i meet the system requirements!
76561198059789646,Not Recommended,244770,14139562,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,colbyjayjohanson,"Had high hopes for this game. When I first started playing I went through all of the tutorials possible in the game, spawned in multiplayer and start into space. Going good at 350-380 FPS. Come up to a planet and warnings start flashing that my memory ins't sufficient enough and to raise it. So i exit the game, raise my memory to 4 gb out of 8 gb ram. Try to get back onto the game, launcher won't even F****** launch the game. Figure out that i can't set it past 1024 mb or it just won't launch the game. Finally get back on and don't recieve the memory warning. Going good on a planet, have all my stuff stored up. Running 130-150 FPS until 4 people or pirates came down on my planet, dropped me immediatley down to 1 FPS, wait around for 10 minutes and nothing changed. Rage quite because i find it hard to believe that my Nvidea GTX 860m can run BF4, Simcity 5, Tropico 5, Civ 5 all on ultra around 60 FPS but cant run some game that has some of the most simple geometry when events start to happen. Oh and my internet has an average of 30 mbps  . So in short, wait for this game to be finished, and for all the bugs to be fixed so you can enjoy the game without the freezes and crashes.EDIT (After installing 64 bit Java)Okay after installing java 64 bit and increasing my memory to 6 GB, the game runs around 40 FPS in intence scenes. If you buy this game, make sure you are running 64 bit Java, or your pretty much boned, and if you have nvidea graphics card and are on a laptop, make sure to go to your graphics panel and into 3d models to control which graphics card runs Java."
76561198295007651,Not Recommended,244770,33051980,Posted: 30 June,all,maxiboy2411,"I really don't have an opinion to be frank, I decided to not recommend it for the simple fact: It provides literally no tutorial, yes I understand it has one, but it doesn't do the job, it explains some later stuff, not how I get started and mine etc, but it looks OK, I just don't really recommend it for avid sci-fi gamers like me."
76561198013994345,Not Recommended,244770,14201949,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,take dumps in restaurant sinks,DONT BUY THIS GAME FOR MAC. ITS BROKEN. DO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN GAME
76561198147825810,Not Recommended,244770,14426050,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,dibbers,"I came i saw, i uninstalled enough said"
76561198067372741,Not Recommended,244770,14271962,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,cjohnson5454,this stupid game is not working
76561197986464467,Not Recommended,244770,24470710,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Cue,Can NOT start a local game!Bugged as hell!
76561198050538417,Not Recommended,244770,19321530,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Roman,dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,244770,15538682,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Authors_Architect,ive just downloded and ive had a crash what are the chances ive got an intel card i mean serusly?
,Not Recommended,244770,14320831,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Oska,Way to complicated
76561198119521080,Not Recommended,244770,16069988,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,TheBiggestJims,not for laptops no good graphic cards.
76561198162874948,Not Recommended,244770,14267069,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bartlett,"Will not work for windows eight. It will loud to 100% then not play at all. It says my graphics card isnt good, which it is my desktop computer isnt even half a year old yet. I would love to play it but it just doent work. So i dont recomend it right now if you have a windows computer. But looks very fun."
76561198173888062,Not Recommended,244770,14284743,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,j dog 69,i do not recomend this game because the video and pictures are very misleading and in order to play anything online or do any other things you have to create an account on their website that dosent work. and playing solo there is not an efficient way to make any money as described in their videos so no big cool ships
76561197997984694,Not Recommended,244770,30734120,Posted: 25 March,all,Heavy Armor,"I see lots of potential, but getting it to run is basically impossible. It's slow, slower, and stopped. Framerate is less than 1 once I get beyond login, and that's playing locally. Nothing seems to fix this, so I'm uninstalling."
76561198280864950,Not Recommended,244770,30058648,Posted: 20 February,all,Dragon8,There are tutorials for this game but they arnt that helpful. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. This game was very hard to understand. It just pops you into the universe and you have no idea what to do.
,Not Recommended,244770,13870661,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Tacti-CAT,"I really want to enjoy this game, because of the 15 hours i played are wonderful, and this is a masterpiece of a game.  Its like Minecraft and Eve had a baby they favor most over the other children! But, unfortunately, this alpha just has too many issues for me, I crash more times than i can imagine, ""dedicated"" servers are not dedicated at all, and if you have an intel card, i suggest disabling that before you play, but worst of all, is the many times i have tried to play the game, and how many times ive hit the report crashes button, or looked up on google how to fix my java problem or game crashes, it just overweighs the good times ive had with this game, I cant play this anymore knowing i cant enjoy it without hese annoying problems"
76561198121133802,Not Recommended,244770,14119478,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Spencer10000,i reccomend this game only if you have a really beefy computer because its EXTREMELY LAGGY and i have a custum built and the only way to get out of it is to commit sucide witch will make you lose everything so you have to replay the whole game (also you dont get the credits you start with) so basically are stuck with lag freezeing constantly even in minimized screen at 800 x 200p cant get out of it. Can you plz give me advice for helping it run smoother? Tell me if you have this problem and i run next car game wreckfest smoothly and i thought that would lag so this game needs a smoother engine
76561198031482198,Not Recommended,244770,14443837,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Hellrazor,"The interface is terrible, the lag is terrible, the (default) controls are terrible. Get ready to notice that the devs haven't quite figured out the difference between ""breaking"" and ""braking"" - which is probably the least of their grammer, English, and general text formatting errors, There is an atmosphere in thevacuumof space, you'll constantly find yourself fighting to get oriented the right way due to the devs forcing an up and downIN SPACE(because screw logic), and the mouse sensitivity is insanely low by default (I've got it around 1.3, it starts at 0.5).The graphical options (which you find when you press 'Start Game', as opposed to 'Options...') are probably the most competent part of the entire game, which isn't saying much. The resolutions and refresh rates seem to be a fixed list (despite knowing for a fact that Java can poll the OS for a list of available screen resolutions and refresh rates); antialiasing and v-sync (competently named 'Vertical Synch') are hidden (check 'Settings->Show Advanced Settings' to get them), while anisotropic filtering is still AWOL; and the launcher is more than happy to bring your computer to a grinding halt to get you to the options menu in the first place (don't you just love Java?).As for the actual gameplay, you mostly find yourself wandering aimlessly and taking a long time (due to the aforementioned ""the vacuum of space, now with ∞% more atmosphere"") to get somewhere to do something so that you can make your tiny ship a little bigger, and continue rinsing and repeating.Noting that this is in early alpha, most of this is fixable, while some of it should have never been a problem in the first place. At the moment I'd recommend staying away."
76561198328488585,Not Recommended,244770,30401324,Posted: 8 March,all,Kelvin,starmade used to be a very good game but now there is way to many bugs that make starmade unplayable
76561197965074601,Not Recommended,244770,14074573,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,UNDERHILL,They have made a lot of updates to this game and it looks like it is probably a lot better if you are gaming at 1024 x 768 and can actually read the unscalable UI and text.
76561197992174791,Not Recommended,244770,28955377,Posted: 2 January,all,RobertVonKessler,Just all around unsatisfying.
,Not Recommended,244770,23308920,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,(SunBro) Vanguard Gaming,"I use too play this back when you could get the free game off the website, but now since I bought this game I can't Even play it, I try to launch it into a world and I instantly crash"
,Not Recommended,244770,23779268,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),not bad game but kept having trouble with java
,Not Recommended,244770,13898184,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Wardenn,"At the games current version, it is unplayable to me. I have tried various fixes and all have failed to boot the game. I got into a game ONCE, but then it freezes and crashes. I've played with the graphics and I have a relatively high-end PC. Honestly, I don't mind bugs since its an alpha game. But if you're going to release the game early and have users pay for it, atleast make it somewhat playable without having to delve into the internet, looking for a way to fix the game.I've played the game when its free, and its a fun game. Just a shame that nearly every indie developer now releases their games early and some are too lazy to fix them before release.Gameplay: 7/10. Playability: 2/10, would not recommend."
76561198139616130,Not Recommended,244770,14701641,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,MLG Abe,HATE IT
,Not Recommended,244770,22311247,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Nizmo,"This Game Sucks, Movement is terrible, Game has no purpose, Awsome idea but way to far behind in thought process when it came to actually playing it. I would not recommend buying this game any time soon."
,Not Recommended,244770,24695946,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Big Daddy,"I don't know what they did to it, but I can't even get it to run on my system.  And no, the problem is NOT my system.MSI 760GM-E51 mainboard withAMD FX-8350 8 core processor running at 4.2 GHZ16GB of DDR3 RAM @ 800 MHZAMD Radeon R9 285 GPU w 2GB of GDDR5 RAM @ 1375mhz"
76561198141976044,Not Recommended,244770,14050954,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Banana God,"This would be an amazing game, if you could run it in a stretched, fullscreen window  2/10"
76561198076273700,Not Recommended,244770,16190557,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TORA TORA TORA,Worst game Ever.
,Not Recommended,244770,13749633,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,(JET FUEL) FuhrerPapaFreedom,I could write a constructive review but there are other reviews for that.
,Not Recommended,244770,14171035,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,bob4life10,"Starmade is a game that immediately punishes you if you're stupid and dont try the game before buying.game immediately crashes if you have the magical combination of graphics card and cpu I and many others have.over the years i've lost the willpower to desperately attempt to fix a game so this one will just sit in my Steam graveyard along with a couple other select few games. rest in peace, my 10 dollars. i could've bought food or something.pro-tip: dont buy a game on a whim. im an idiot so i didnt try the free demo. your money will be better used gambling.if you have amd and intel or some nonsense like that, steer clear or at least demo it. thou hath been warned."
,Not Recommended,244770,13917084,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dimmerworld,This game man... You have to atleast try the demo. the level of complexity and flexibility is limitless. warp drives. cloaking . guns and death beams all that and more and it's still in alpha!. please try itEDIT (After awhile of playtime): Game need's to be nerfed alot the guy with the most spammed blocks win the fights this makes the game unfun.
76561198073497973,Not Recommended,244770,14953715,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,The Blue Turret,peice of crap dont buy it
76561198023041117,Not Recommended,244770,18227068,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Dalton Trumbo,"I wanna refund.It's a really interesting game and everything, and it looks nice from the different videos and trailers up there, but it's just not really my style, plus it takes a long time to get used to. It's also really wierd to use, I don't prefer it."
,Not Recommended,244770,14215923,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,kickxq,"Does not allow me to play at all, just closes after i press start game. Im not sure what else to do, i really was interested in this game, im realy dissapointed that im not able to play this."
,Not Recommended,244770,13933254,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Anne Dank,I cant even load the game it gets to 100% and then crashes. The developer had a crash menu when you open up the game again and i did what the intsructions told me what to do and i did it. still nothing. Please Help me any one who got this game running.
,Not Recommended,244770,14072920,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,fireshrill,it dose not load on my laptop
76561198159317013,Not Recommended,244770,33633752,Posted: 18 July,all,Usstxsalt,Horrible at launching game slow server problems
76561198246794562,Not Recommended,244770,23558745,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Nil | Pvpro.com,"IT REALLY SUCKS. It is very confusing for some players, it is not clear at all on how to play and what to do, and in my opinion it is not well made."
76561198028754012,Not Recommended,244770,27671572,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tree8125,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME DON'T DO IT that being said you can get it free from their website funish game lots of problems been a ""EARLY ACESS"" game way too long problems you'll see with this game occasionally they come out with new blocks for decorative purposes which is crap they take so long to do anything i would consider meaningfull you like waiting eons for updates buy this game you like having game breaking issues having never been fixed or ai that don't even know how to fight, or maybe your looking for some pvp excitement well have fun trying to find people to kill on the 30+ servers their are left and maybe a handfull of people still play this garbage i mean with all the new sandbox games coming out now that are way better than this i wouldnt waste my timeSalvage beams dont pick up loot clouds from pirates are loot periodEven bigger problem loot clouds have no Nav point to guide you to them so if you dont see them too bad they don't light up you gotta be close to your prey to get their lootYou wanna have a capital ship battle well unless your computer is pretty nice not gonna happen and on a server it's almost impossible for 2 gargantuan ships to duke it outTheir's no tech tree the crap you get in the begining of the game is the same crap your stuck with cause the people who made this suck at what they do it's the most basic garbage you can have and sorta call it a gameyou wanna conquere the galaxy their's nothing with a brain to fight unless you want to design everything from scratch cause not only do the ai not know how to fly their ships and fight with them at all they also are given the crapiest most poorly designed ships you will ever see"
76561198203099280,Not Recommended,244770,14637614,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,RoxySnow,i am not trying to offend the developers  but this is the worst game i ever bought just waste of money and time the grafics are worst the god awfull and its preaty much like minecraft in space = crapyi was just out of my mind when i bought this  a very annoying thing about this game is planets they are soo sientificly unacuret a planet that small coudent have an atmosfear  Just the whey world works and you find ores at randome places inside of the planetunless minecraft who is crapy too in my opinion unless has acuret geology this game dosen'tI only recomend you to buy it to your little bro if he is like 4-8 who dosent know any physics anywhey
76561197992823147,Not Recommended,244770,13711406,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,pillsbury,I have 101 games on steam and this is the only one I can not get to work. Right when I press start on the launcher it says JVM crash has been detected. Ive honestly spent about 5 hours trying to get it to work looking online nothing will. the crash window blames graphics card intel which I dont have/ drivers they are all up to date my computer is brand new.anyways it looks fun Ill give it that.
76561198153498981,Not Recommended,244770,24172784,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Dolmann,"I simply did not like this game. It was easy to build, and ran well, but the enemies got annoying and there WAS NO TUTORIAL FOR WEAPONS!"
,Not Recommended,244770,22616882,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DragonRift,"I have decided to uninstall this game because I do not like the planetoid system that the developer has chosen. In my opinion there is games out there that care a greate deal more about the aesthetics of their game. I have contacted the developer on a number of occassions and have been greeted with the ""if you don't like it go somewhere else"" attitude. This game was good for its time as being one of the first open world space games however u feel there is better places to spend your money. In my own personal opinion i would say to keep moving and check out Empyrion or Space Engineers."
76561198056634127,Not Recommended,244770,25480509,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,guyfromnowhere,this game has way too much input delay in the singleplayer mode as if it were multiplayer.im running this on an average pc with medium specs and game settings were on the low-end.i hope i can refund this.
,Not Recommended,244770,14039980,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Julian,This game completely sucks♥♥♥♥♥:( waste of money!!!!!!!!!!
76561198084119036,Not Recommended,244770,24178862,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,dirk1033,"Disappointing.Bloated with concepts. Doesn't run very well, if at all. Clunky interface, ugly."
76561198202591312,Not Recommended,244770,14030181,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,billycoull,didnt like it
,Not Recommended,244770,22899188,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Vaido,"at this moment i cannot recommend buying it, because:you can get the exact same version for free (not forever though)mostly empty or laggy servers hosted in antarcticaeats more ram than norton security"
76561198004708954,Not Recommended,244770,33260457,Posted: 4 July,all,Chee LeMew Mizukie,"utter piece of crap.the tutorial is a joke and so vague getting started is puzzle itself,even trying vids on youtube on how to get started is vague they even state buying THE BASIC stuff to get somewhere is unlikely since they already been bought out at the shops for servers. Building a ship is ""tetris"" so instead of building what you want you have arrange the block in a certain random way to get the most benifit out of it(like power cores,place a block in certain way may make it worthless of its value if you dont do the BS tetris method) your chances of getting lost on the map is so easy becuase NOTHING IS EXPLAINED,flying mechanics is horrible let alone trying to stop is a snail pace,trying to make a full stop takes over 5 minutes.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND STAY AWAY FROM THIS POOR EXCUSE OF A GAME!!"
76561198099321807,Not Recommended,244770,14037999,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheDarkWhiz,"TOTAL CRAP, DO NOT BUY!Wasted $9.99 on 25 disappointed minutes.  I do not have the patience to write out all the reasons I hate this awful cluster**** of a game. Steam should NOT be offering early access on this garbage. That's my two cents, you have been warned."
76561198374307829,Not Recommended,244770,33361052,Posted: 7 July,all,Maxletsplays,I would never buy this game it has very bad controls no animations and their isnt alot of content its also very confusingget the demo first to see how the game works
,Not Recommended,244770,18401974,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,KaTze,Simply don't buy it...Feels very alpha and needs much more time to grow.PS: People say i'm a Minecraft-fanboy :)Leave  a hate :P
76561198095975330,Recommended,244770,25934295,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,frxnkie._,"Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow. Meow meow meow meow meow!!!! Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow, meow meow meow meow meow meow!!!Meow meow meow meow meow.... Meow meow meow meow meow meow.Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow.-Meow-Meow meow-Meow meow meow meow!-Meow-MeowMeow meow meow meow meow meow meow meowMeow/Meow"
,Not Recommended,244770,13878877,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Lemon Lad,This game is horrible its confusing boring and plain old♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like i would not waste my money buying this like go buy space engineers i you want a fun building space game
76561198161726161,Not Recommended,244770,24628579,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,jetpak8,i downloaded the game and was not able to play but the game still looks fun so its your choice
76561198026527755,Not Recommended,244770,32905174,Posted: 27 June,all,BELLBAL,A primitive server-making system is typically hit by minecraft in spaceYou can not do your own server and play with your friends what♥♥♥♥♥♥better is on Avorion
,Not Recommended,244770,13580263,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Carson's vids,I understand this is early access and I have played and enjoyed many other early access games.This game needs a lot of work.  It looks very fun.  BUT it needs optimizations.  It completely brings my 8-core 4ghz cpu to a grind when getting close to a planet to the point that I can't play.
,Not Recommended,244770,17405470,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,C4,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 24, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198126813018,Not Recommended,244770,24537993,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,25joshd,do not buy this game it is not fun the servers dont work and no one plays it so there is no fun what so ever unless you have friends who play it
76561198073011113,Not Recommended,244770,22542111,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Unfunny Meme,(starts up game)(builds a ship)(warps to a planet)(goes from 60fps to 2fps)(uninstalls game)
76561198138290695,Not Recommended,244770,23207302,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Retardus,"How could a game this good looking be so bad? The game looks like a easy to play game, but pages of settings buttons that u don't know what they do ruins the menu. Then, if u try to play the game, it almost instantly crashes. DONT BY DIS."
76561198199871663,Not Recommended,244770,23996762,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ThatOneGamerXD | CS.MONEY,Cant Even Play It
76561198110629852,Not Recommended,244770,30322046,Posted: 4 March,all,Real Mcoy,I bought the game and it immediately crashes.
76561198087910279,Not Recommended,244770,24836896,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Tired old meme,Two years and i haven't done anything but build the Battlestar Galactica and make missiles that shoot missiles that shoot missilesNot worth $15.Works at best... sometimes.
76561198134226771,Not Recommended,244770,24721177,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,LMN,"I dont like this game for several reasons:Firstly it is quite hard to learn how to play and the user interface just bad, and not intuitive at all.Secondly it is a complete copy of minecraft... but boringThirdly there is not enough of a survival motivation. The biggest and only threats are other ships, who are extremely predictable and easy to avoid."
76561198090508384,Not Recommended,244770,16730674,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,knight_hwk,This game is utter garbage. If you are on the fence about whether or not you should buy this game don't do it. You will regret it for the rest of your miserable pathetic thing you call a life.
76561198025006254,Not Recommended,244770,28543978,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Starkiller,The game is to hard in the beggining. It's just not fun.
,Not Recommended,244770,24807797,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,jaydensinclair,"gets to 23% loading a level and crashes everytime, spent nearly half an hour trying to troubleshoot it if anyone knows how to fix it can you please let me know otherwise this games sucks so bad for opptimzation i have a fairly decent computer and it just crumbles at even the sight of this games, devs get onto this issuse because this is shocking"
,Recommended,244770,32578957,Posted: 19 June,all,Yeest,"It says to update intel drivers. I already did, but it still says it. Help?"
76561198011657297,Not Recommended,244770,29537950,Posted: 28 January,all,Scorpion,"This game is the worst made game i ever seen, and i seen alot since beginning of home computers.The GUI is barly readable in HD screen or 4k screen, tryed both .. the gui is stuck at very tiny size so it doesent matter what you change resolution to as it is not dynamic ...I had game for a year and just now manage to get it started to check inside past the main menu as there was alot of problem to make mouse work correct in windowmode or fullscreen mode. Now that i fixed that i saw the gui is supertiny at any screen or resolution ...I am not alone in this assesment, as the forums are full of same issue."
76561198063963211,Not Recommended,244770,22486344,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing run
,Not Recommended,244770,13801512,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mojyo,"Ah, Starmade. Where to start, where to start...Let's start off with the fact that it isn't friendly at all to new users. Poorly laid-out tutorial and abstract navigation, in all aspects, hits a new player like a freight train. Not to mention the incredibly confusing movement mechanics, high learning curve, and lack of direction.Yes, it is a sandbox. Yes, there are such things as 'quests'. Yes, there is multiplayer, but it is so lacking in 'oomph' that, after playing a little while, you sit back and think ""What the hell am I accomplishing?"" The very existence of this thought is a red flag that maybe buying this game wasn't the best choice.Not to mention the voxel-based sandbox genre that's now getting kind of old. Yes, I knew when buying the game that it would have this 'style', but at the time I thought that it would be toned down a notch, like Space Engineers. Sadly, I was dead wrong. Not that I should complain, just a nitpick.StarMade, in its Alpha, has quite of a bit of a journey to make in its development.For now, StarMade sits in the dark corner of my game library, waiting to be re-installed when I feel like it's worthy of another try."
,Not Recommended,244770,13804233,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Staudacher,"No official server.... only list of some private poor servers with 30 ppl max, own rules, WTF?No improvement compared to beta version I played half year ago...  Still lags while traveling between sectors,Less weapons (only one type of rockets? there were three).Lot of good work was done on this game but once more is required."
76561198152915001,Not Recommended,244770,13964525,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,tin.binder,DO NOT BUY  THIS GAME - WONT LOAD -  GAME GLITCH CRASHES THE SYSTEM ON LOAD UP - WILL NOT REFUND THE MONEY - DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME - THEY HAVE NOT FIXED THE PROBLEM  -  THEFT BY DECEPTION OF GLITCHES -
76561198102084188,Not Recommended,244770,13408360,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ZapKillar,"It wont work well on linux watch out!!!.  Of course it doesn't easily has an error about the video just pops up constantly.  Now i have to play with settings and drivers and hope it works.  If you are saying you work with linux then please actually include all the files that allow it to work on linux.  Thank you looked like a good game Disapointed though, as I got it thinking it would work on linux, thanks anywayz :(   !!Watch out if you are buying for its multiplatform use, as no main linux distro seems to work properly with it!!.  The game runs and everything works, but for me a warning about the video pops up constantly and wont ever go away and alt+tab and shift+tab  crashes the game."
76561198108450381,Not Recommended,244770,30686941,Posted: 23 March,all,..,"dont get me wrong it is cool but it could have been a bit more simplewhen i saw its video up at the stuff i was sitting and thinking:""dude this game looks awsome""but its very hard to wire stuff up8½ /10"
76561198131331701,Not Recommended,244770,13774856,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,the master of portal 6785,way to slow
76561198008474584,Not Recommended,244770,26039317,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Exigo (Josh),If you have a 4k don't bother. There is no GUI scaling and the game wont even fullscreen at sub native.Just walk away bro.Near half an hour of stuffing around and still couldnt make it usable.
76561198199268669,Not Recommended,244770,22421664,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Kekistan_Fallschirmjäger,worst game ever
76561198115031578,Not Recommended,244770,13456648,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Othon the dragon lord,"yes and no  this game looks cool, yet it is slow.  There needs to be a game mode where u get everything and u CAN make anything!"
76561198083880494,Not Recommended,244770,24270746,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,snakestail,"JAVA more like Jaaaaaaaaggggggghhhhhhhhhva!What a pile of garbage. Start game...didn't work. Start game using Beta launcher, well that did something, oops needs Java so downloaded latest Java. Now create account and link it to Steam, ticked that box. Now we can play...oop no, error in Java. Re-install Java and verify just to be sure. Start game again. ....Error  Java double. lang not compatable with Float.lang  whatever the f**k that means! Switch off...cool down...write angry review while veins in neck stop pulsing fit to make head explode.What a stupid idea, using Java on a PC game."
,Not Recommended,244770,30865873,Posted: 31 March,all,Gilborn,"Don't buy this POS until the developers have fixed their♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've had nothing but issues since install, and their support is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ It shouldn't take more than 24 hours to get back to a customer who just bought your product!"
76561198096135049,Not Recommended,244770,33181418,Posted: 3 July,all,DAMSTACEY,TRASH GAME GET EMPYRION
76561198259262473,Not Recommended,244770,31920538,Posted: 23 May,all,TheBattleDude3,Crashes on my i7 mac on opening screen.
76561198271998555,Not Recommended,244770,24663275,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,AndrewTheCatLover,DOESNT WORK DONT BUY
,Not Recommended,244770,13381631,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,randomcallsign,"Minecraft meets space engineers, but...It's messy, slow, not intuitive, low performance and confusing.Loads of performance issues even with a very decent rig like my own (i5 3570k 8GB Ram 270x 4GB). Constantly complains and crashes.Constrols are awful.Building is subpar.It's neither as engaging as minecraft or as good as space engineers.Has a future, but not right now.Keep track of this game."
76561198338652156,Not Recommended,244770,31903717,Posted: 22 May,all,crazycatkiki,CANT EVEN LOAD THE GAME AND I SPENT 2 HOURS ASKING THEIR OFFICIAL SUPPORT PLACE AND STEAM SUPPORT OMG. PLZ MAKE IT WORK ON MAC. :( (i have a mac book yosemite from like 2016 r something)
76561198125166125,Not Recommended,244770,23460381,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,John (probably),"Personally, this game is VERY laggy on good computers with the lowest settings. The controls are crappy and annoyinh, the concept is that of Minecraft in Space, with some changes. The only person I would recomend this game to is Donald Trump."
76561198294076906,Not Recommended,244770,30348128,Posted: 5 March,all,Dragonmaster,sucks
,Not Recommended,244770,23276584,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Talos,Thia is vomit in a bag
,Not Recommended,244770,26169221,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Nuffable,Bad controls. Ugly character design. Unplayable.
76561198079856886,Not Recommended,244770,13508588,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Freddy Freeman,"To complicated, annoying, and nothing to do. -10/10 do NOT buy unless you want to waste your money."
76561198150450472,Not Recommended,244770,33058303,Posted: 30 June,all,Snowrst86,blows chunks. nuff' said
76561198118285566,Not Recommended,244770,24384250,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,EnragedWallnut2,Man am i glad i got a refund and can still post a reviewA better use of your money is to use it as toliet paper then go use the money to buy someting from a 7/11
76561198044325629,Not Recommended,244770,13234849,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Trump™- Wall Builder,"Would I recommend this game to my best friend in its current state? No, not unless I intend to have us be frustrated at one another.This game isn't ready yet, so I suggest you demo it and get it for free off of their website. This is painfully hard to use, the controls and UI is kind of a mess.I got a private server up and running, only to have the audio in the game go through a permanent loop.Possible improvement ideas:-A notification if two actions are bound to the same key-Audio loop fix-A way to restart the game without going through task manager and ending the process-BTW you have to run the game twice to start a dedicated server and play the game yourself, but     steam won't let you run the game twice-Better and Cleaner UI-Ability to spawn another ship in case you lose yours without having to reset the server or being stranded in the middle of nowhere.-Creative mode so I can start building starships right away instead of sandbox-If you suicide it respawns you near your last ship-Improve tutorial lightingAre the developers good? Yes.Will the game be good eventually? Yes.Is it there yet? Not quite.Is the game BAD? No.Is it easy to pick up and play immediately? No."
76561198113374895,Not Recommended,244770,25023429,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MontyPizzle,"Terrible, this game promises much and delivers barely anything, If you want a decent game that is worth this price tag then get a game like no mans sky or wait for star citizen. Or play galacticraft in minecraft."
76561198271996382,Not Recommended,244770,25348462,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,rex600026,IT SUCKS EVERTIME i TRY TO PLAY IT CRASHES ON ME
,Not Recommended,244770,13361814,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Even keknes,"i had very big expectations for this game, when i first started it you and your friend could not play on a private server, so we found a server and did the starter guide! the starterguide took 30 minnutes and was boring♥♥♥♥♥hell. when we where done we bulided a ship and drove arround for 15 minnutes and thats the hole game! not worth to buy!"
76561198167091518,Not Recommended,244770,32145274,Posted: 2 June,all,Danski919,"It's Bad, The flying and building mechanics dent work well. I got 200 fps but as soon as i got close to a star it droped to about 10 (im not exaggerating). The store dosn't work at all. I don't recommend the game at all."
76561198030615720,Not Recommended,244770,13325876,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,J. Galt,"Very rough right now, can't recommend at this stage."
14516725471625476,Not Recommended,244770,28246868,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ruben,may look fun byt is very boaring
76561198134735693,Not Recommended,244770,13355528,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Mr.Bubbles,poor game needs ALOT of improvement i cant reccomend this
76561198145914102,Not Recommended,244770,13334313,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,notDrakekidd6,This game is very confusing for starters and it does of a tutorial but it again is confusing. The game doesnt even act as a game it dosnt start up and take you to a loadinf screen are a main menu it takes to a settings screen before the game even starts. Like a Sim game. I know it is in early access so I would wait and buy it until either a major update or the full game comes out. For now I give it a thumps down.
76561198230504640,Not Recommended,244770,24264336,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,crazyguy101,Worst game ever would no recomed it
76561198118376867,Not Recommended,244770,13325043,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,nkfilmboy,"whenever i open this game, it just crashes. ive tried multiple possibilities but it still will not work"
,Not Recommended,244770,32504245,Posted: 17 June,all,Gay Guillaume,MINEY CRAFTA
,Not Recommended,244770,34378290,Posted: 20 August,all,Potato,It's so bad that it makes me want to kill my self
,Not Recommended,244770,13263389,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,✓⎝Prof. Jhon Dimbus⎠✓,"Too many bugs, sound bugs, texture bugs. The tutorial is long and hard to follow and gameplay mechanics are slow and confusing. Movement in general is just clunky. It's essentially a worse space engineers with planets. Granted I haven't played much but whenever I launch the game I get this horrible static noise that gives me headaches. I think that this game shows potential but I wouldn't recommend buying it now."
,Not Recommended,244770,13291567,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Probably A Cop,The uninstall option works well :)
76561198091945670,Not Recommended,244770,13277304,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[NCE] occlem,"ive played this game alot and it kinda lost my interest.every time i try to play online somone has a super huge ship that reks mine or ill make somthing i like,log off ,and next time its not there so thats why i dont like this game anymore theres only so much i can do in single player i had a world with around 2000000 credits and it may just be me but building somthing cool is so hard in this game also i appolize for my last review not being in depth enough"
76561198146076322,Not Recommended,244770,13233778,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Thanos,"Game has a annoying GUI,runs on Java yuck!  GL ,went back to Sky Nations in a hurry.Need to stop using Java to make games it's crap."
,Recommended,244770,16164159,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Etheral,"EDIT 12.07.2015 : the game works like a charm and i love it ^^ there were some updates since i try to play the game, it seems everything work fine. thanks guys, hope to see more in future *-*old preview:i cant even start the game!it says    ""connecting""      but nothing happens... moving folder to C: doesnt work...all other online games works for me!sorry about the huge bug...i hope you guys fix it asap *-* i really wanted to play this game..."
76561198041658660,Recommended,244770,20711590,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Aerid,"This game is amazing except for the bug where its requesting syncronization or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ That bug stopped me from playing the game for the past week and still cant play. Id really like the game to work but besides this gitch, its perfect."
76561198211392668,Recommended,244770,20488675,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,astronaut640,I like the gane abd all but the only complaint I have is that whenever I get to close to  a planet my game crashes otherwise everything is fine.
76561198057416086,Recommended,244770,21239838,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,badsabin,keeps crashing
,Recommended,244770,18535660,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Colonel Lacu,this is a perfect game for those players who hates limits in sandbox games.
76561198079008866,Recommended,244770,14169349,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Pokeboyska,"an awsome minecraft-esk game full of excitement, fun, and awsome builds. Easy to start but difficult to master"
76561198202799864,Recommended,244770,23218177,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Deliciousn3ss,"I found building ships a lot of fun, especially giant ones. The game is mostly based on building ships and combat is ok but the different sectors have different colors and it is an amazing sight from this medium quality game. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,244770,22816308,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Foosh,"*Placeholder ReviewCan't honestly give it a review yet, need to fix my own technical problems.Was amazing last time I was able to play it though."
76561198046351713,Recommended,244770,15936495,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,goldfish,I really like this game and they keep improving it. Lots of depth to building spaceships.
,Recommended,244770,26865156,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KaiaKarrotKake,"I've fallowed and enojed the development of this game before it was anything but some videos of a new voxel engine. It has since become a remarkably fun and interesting for hours on end. It's also has huge potential and a dedicated team of developers who are more than prepared to see that potential to it's greatest hights. It went from small worlds to now extremely vast galaxies. All in all, this game is a masterpiece for those who love space, building, role playing, and a plethera dynamic mechanics. 10/10"
,Recommended,244770,26754940,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,thegoresucker300,"Frankly, this is one of the best games that I own a copy of (right behing homeworld Rm). This is an excellent game that is better and cheaper than No Man's Sky. Even though there are no NPC's (yet), this games deserves the most amount of positive attention possible."
76561198142970091,Recommended,244770,15456106,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Volcanix,This is a good fun game with alot of community content but the servers are dead and its no fun withought admin or someone to give you all the resources anywaythe best part of this game is realistic huge capital shipsbut none of that really matters when your alone on one that supposed to have 24 people onboardits worth trying if the servers become re animated
76561198014157925,Not Recommended,244770,22859927,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Golias,"As it is, the game is unplayable on a non top notch computer (I am within the recommended specs in any case, on Mac), and there is no reason for that from this game's perspective.Unless low FPS is dealt with, this game is a no go.I will revise my review when I can just download the game and play it strait away, like it is already expected to happen on an Early Access game.EDIT: I was able to make the game work. It took some time, but it is playable and fun."
76561197988768808,Not Recommended,244770,22898891,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,FS80,"Still, after over year, I can not find out how to play this game. ô.oYup, I can`t get true even tutorial. So in my opinion game is unplayable."
,Recommended,244770,22905250,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Recrafty,"Right now this is probably the best ""minecraft in space"" game out there, if you're unsure about buying it you can always play the demo. The demo is the full game."
76561198014437742,Recommended,244770,24995530,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Finn,"*REWRITTEN*Well id have to say.... after taking dukes advice and doing what he reccommended.""You need to change your memory settings. I suggest using the beta launcher.The gear icon next to the ""LAUNCH"" button is where the memory settings in the beta launcher are located. In the standard launcher, memory options are located at Options>Memory Settings .4096 MB for maximum memory is our minimum recommendation.""After doing this (WHICH THANKS DUKE OMG SO MUCH FOR HELPING ME FIND IT!!) and the time to replay a good 3 days, i have to say this game is amazing!! i cannot wait for release and hope it comes sooner with alien npcs flying and walking around on ships while i attack and board em lmao but over all great game and deff a rec now"
,Not Recommended,244770,13416021,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pompadour Excellante,"UPDATE - 6/25/17 - This game has not changed much, even 3 years later. I am quite disappointed to see many of the same problems still persist, including a few new ones such as rubber banding near planets. I am changing my review to not suggest this game as the developers don't seem that interested in improving the game or fixing simple problems. Heck, even the base player model has not changed even after years of development. That is very sad to see. I see the general population has not grown much either, undoubtedly due to the aformentioned problems. This game is nearly unplayable due to these kinds of problems and I will no longer be following it.With the advent of the modern voxel adventure title, StarMade may slip past most gamers radar as just another Minecraftesque space themed pretender. Unfortunately for them, they're missing out on a gold mine of entertainment. I haven't been 'addicted' to a game for a long time now, and StarMade has definitely flipped the fun switch for me. If you're a fan of voxel games, it's definitely worth checking out, and if you're a fan of space exploration, you'd be an idiot not to.StarMade has many elements that make the game fun; the building, the vast reaches of unexplored space to cruise in, the challenge of facing unknown enemies, making alliances, resource gathering to gain power, and far more. All of these elements gel very well into what many people are referring to as an EVE experience. Though I don't like comparing StarMade to EVE, there are many resemblances to it, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The game is just really fun, especially if you have goals and friends to play with. Once you get a firm grasp on how to build ships (or just figure out how to search up blueprints on line and gather resources in-game to build them) the game really starts to kick off, as you'll find yourself making different classes, arming your planets/stations, and really just being a force in the galaxy. The only negative I see is the building itself, it can be a challenge to master the concept of building up an entire ship from a single block, but the mechanics are simple enough that most should be able to figure it out. Additionally, adjusting to movement and gravity mechanics can also be a bit of a challenge for the unexperienced. There is a lot of work that still needs to be done with adjusting the UI, adding a proper soundtrack, and various other elements that make a game complete, but it's still in early access after all and you really can't complain for the amount of content you're actually getting at the moment.Considering this game is still in development, I am quite eager to see what else awaits us in the future of the great black yonder."
,Not Recommended,244770,19343843,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,MacherSvK,"i have problem whit map, when i open map system i have selected is totaly white and i cant see inside until i put camera in to system its super anoyng can you give me a tip how to fix it or something ,thank you"
,Recommended,244770,14287423,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,xGravebornx,"Hands down one of the best games I've ever played! I have over 3k hours between my 3 games. This game is kinda deep but you dont start with everything given to you so its not terrible to learn as you grow. Biggest advice is make a friend to help learn from! One of my favorite things is most of the people are older and mature, this game requires thinking but you can do almost anything you want! This game is constantly updated with tons of amazing features with tons more planned! BUY IT!!!!Infinite GalaxyBlueprintsShip YardsFactory SystemsBuild Space StationsBuild ShipsBuild FleetsMine Astroids and PlanetsJump Drive and Warp GatesFleets and AITONS MORE TO COME!!!"
,Recommended,244770,14185265,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,C0DA,"I keep trying to update this but it reverts :/First of all, i recommend this game to fans of construction based pvp games who have the patience to learn complex and unintuitive mechanics that rely on multi-tiered knowledge and rigorous multiplayer (so, latency conditioned) testing, it has solid building & engineering mechanics on top of satisfying combat depending on scale & complexity of designs used.Good combat is ephemeral however, a few poor design choices on behalf of only one combatant is enough to reduce fps to a slideshow and induce too much input lag for piloting skill to matter much at all.Community is highly fragmented, paranoia is rampant due to the games complexity and exploitability combined with a small playerbase.  Forumside cross talks is largely dominated by newer players and more solo/RP players who have little interest or understanding in balance at the meta end, Devs attempt to maintain contact with a knowledgable pvp base through other mediums but crosstalk and Agendas are infectious.Progress is slow, and not always in the right directions, I fear the devs are focusing too much on features being asked for forumside than the core gameplay mechanics required to actually enjoy such features.  A Modding API is often spoken of but in no way guaranteed.As it stands, the core gameplay mechanics are construction, combat and gathering/crafting.Which i would rate;Contruction; 7/10, new features are being released soon that may just make it a 10/10, however i expect bugs and dissappointment initially so wont jump the gun.Combat; 5/10,  Absolute blast when it works (when masses are reasonable, rail parts are minimal and functional and drones fleets are left at home), unplayable trash when it doesn't, which is all too easy for an inexperienced or malicious designer (like the ones responsible for the official god damn stations & NPC ships for ♥♥♥♥s sake, test this trash first)Crafting/Gathering; 2/10, repetitive grind, nothing worthy of praise here other than the fact that it has been far worse in the past and that schine acklowdges it.  Wupdydoo though, it's still trash.I deeply want to see this game succeed, it makes all other big space sandbox type games look like visionless trash.  But you should also note that some of those have working core mechanics and are more ready for late alpha/beta stage developement than Starmade, which is far older.Don't get attached (too late for me), but please give it a try, and leave as honest and well tested feedback as you can, schine and all of us waiting on them will thank you for it. (btw you can just download it for free during its alpha phase, directly from their website, you do not have to purchase the game just yet to play it fully)"
,Recommended,244770,15105950,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Benjwgarner,"It's a voxel sandbox game. In space. Done well. Enough said.I highly recommend it. The sheer vastness of the environment and the possibilities for the player are staggering. This is already one of the best games that I have ever played, and it's only in the early alpha stage."
,Recommended,244770,16902290,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Gold22karat,"This game is sweet, even if it is in Alpha, it just means it's gonna get better and better! And it's free till beta! EVEN BETTER!"
76561197971026102,Recommended,244770,16617750,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Soulmusic,If building epic stuff in space is your thing then this is for you.
76561198058191519,Recommended,244770,14056810,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,seekernorth,"If they keep adding to this it will be one of the greatest space sims you can find.  It is already well worth the cost.  Buy it, play it, get addicted."
,Recommended,244770,14064237,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,potasium56,"Its a good game! and definatly worth $11, However that being said have some concerns. its complicated to build and understand how to make stations and factions, some multiplayer servers require you to make a faction and docking stations on planets if you don't they will delete your ships, however being a noob makes it diffuclt to understand how to do this stuff.Thier is a tutorial, however it really only shows you how to build the ships and connect the power cores to the weapons. unless i missed somthing.its only in early access, so hopefully in the near future, it will be more noobie freindly, I would in my opinion just play the non multiplayer at first so you can figuer out how to do all the stuff before u go join multiplayer."
76561198054332647,Recommended,244770,14066104,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Gyrant,This game is Halo + Minecraft + Taipan + Homeworld + KSP.It is rediculously engrossing. I am quite certainly addicted. This is the sort of game that will ruin your social life!
76561198076707464,Recommended,244770,14087999,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Koalaballa,"Let me just say that for even for an alpha, it is already a solid damn game. The devs are really swell people, and the game is massive. The only things that need to be improved on are server finding  tools, and some more objects to mess around with i.e. tractor beam/gun"
76561198121876323,Recommended,244770,14253273,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,bloodbornangel,"Hello eveyone.Now I've played quite a few early access games in my time on steam (Years of gaming that aren't all on this account.) and I've seen some terrible alpha's that probably will never go into beta or release for real.StarMade is a beautiful exeption. (be ready for semi-long rant)I jumped into the game thinking it would just be some half-baked copy of Minecraft. I was so wrong. Many people who are familiar with Minecraft will wonder why that game isn't as advanced as StarMade has become. Building you're own ship that flies, uses complex energy algorithms that contribute to everything from shields, to weapons, and many other sci-fi mechanics for spaceships is so satisfying! You can make the most amazing ships! It is a little more difficult to build then minecrafts style, but the game is no where near finished and it will probably be updated to be easier later on.And that's another great point. The game is no where near finished.That might not sound great, but with all the content you already have hours of enjoyment. I spent most my time building a mid-sized ship and that took me 20 hours! I see people with ships 3x, 5x, even 10x larger then mine. The system is so much more advanced then redstone and the massive amount of technology that you can create is astounding and will keep you tinkering for hours. If you want to build more then a basic ship you'll have to look at the sites wiki because energy production and storage have some pretty complex rules but most of it will be explained in the tutorial. The game generated structers are amazing as well. Screw Hexxit and other Minecraft dungeon mods. The pirate stations are deadly and great challanges, and the space stations you can discover floating around are awe-inspiring. You can even generate your own. Planets and Stars are still a little buggy, but the physics system is solid so far. Gravity works pretty well. (Though the Mass-to-Gravity ratio seems strange.)Since I've been praising the game I'll give you a little more about the cons.The HUD is a little strange. Kinda bare bones in my opinion. There's a lot of helpful information but it could be better. Although the Navigation system is pretty good, there is no way to save coordinates as far as I know. (Unless you write them down yourself.) The radar/map thing you have isn't very helpful.. you have some dots that might be something close by.. but up or down or wherever you can't really tell. It is suppose to be updated soon. The AI isn't that developed yet. You can make an AI for your ship but its honestly pretty stupid and doesn't always work. I hear it is suppose to be able to fly your ship and stuff later on in development though. You can still use it for autoturrets but it can go rouge every once in a while. Pirate stations are OP on the other hand. They can take a massive amount of damage to their shields and some of their turrets do crazy amounts of damage. I had shields that very few other people on the server could take down easily, I nearly got my core destroyed in two shots from a pirate station.Planet shapes are also a real bi*!#. They are 3D pentagons as far as I remember at the moment. Maybe hexagons. Jumping around corners and having your gravity reorient is really disorientating. Also big ships can get stuck on them if you don't have a high thrust. So taking off is really difficult if you've got a 1500 mass battleship. It's usually better to make a small mining ship and dock it to you're bigger ship. Leaving the big one in orbit.The size of the game is really overwhelming too. Like.. you thought minecraft is big... It took me 20 minutes to get to the edge of the core systems.. I was still had half my galaxy to go before reaching the outer rim. Jump drives shorten the time if you have enough power to charge them a lot.Anyways I'm done ranting on about the game. Right now the Demo is the same as the full Alpha that you can purchase now. It will only be free for a limited time though. So try it out and see for yourself. Most people will help newbies if you ask nicely.I'm off to build a spacestation and conquer a star system. ;)"
76561197974402663,Recommended,244770,14165644,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,DestroAvenger,"I've only gamed on it for 90+ mins and was so blown away by the abilitites, things, and crap you can do and see i Flew into a Star and burned up.  And i'll do it again!!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! 10/10"
76561198072595975,Recommended,244770,14167811,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hartley,Possibly One of the Best games I have ever played. Very addicting. Makes you come back for more. May look tricky at the start but very easy to learn in time. Great game 10/10
76561198085556352,Recommended,244770,14025534,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,James G,"Great game, already put in 32 hrs and it only cost $10! That's like one drink where I come from :D"
76561198146973805,Recommended,244770,14020692,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Aquarius,"Anyone who dislikes anything about this game has either a bad computer or an outdated version. StarMade is an alpha game, so it isn't super advanced, but already, the possibilites are limitless. If Minecraft was a higher-res game, in space, have some FPS mechanics, and dodecohedron shaped planets, this would be it. All of your spaceships and space stations are customizable down to the last block, so you can have as many weapons, engines, jump drives, storage, mning beams, whatever. The Devs are extremely helpful and update the game a ton, and pay attention to anything that's trending. Also, the space battles are incredible- dozens of million-block ships flying through space, bombarding each other with missiles, turrets, cannons, etc., it's like something straight out of Star Wars or Star Trek."
76561198074481354,Recommended,244770,15627732,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Sheldrix,"Before you make any judgment whatsoever of this game, you need to take into consideration that it is still currently in early access and is not complete yet. That being said, I personally think that this game is very well done for the state that its currently in, as well as for the number of people who are currently working on it (which is quit few).10/10 This game has extreme potential, especially with the Rail System update on the horizon."
76561198057620184,Recommended,244770,15630782,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,yellodart,"Yes.... Buy this game, no question, just buy it"
,Recommended,244770,15286149,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,lonewolf4death,Buy :D
76561198041566250,Recommended,244770,15205718,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,^ω^ Marco >_<,THIS GAME IS EPIC....A BIT HARD IN THE START BUT U WILL GET THE HANG OF IT :)
,Recommended,244770,15707265,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ded mem,"Amazing game. Infinite gameplay, provided your computer is good enough.  There are multiple ways to play. The easiest but least efficient way of playing is to sell all of the ores you mine and buy parts with the money. To be more efficient, though, you can play the more complex way, which is to build factory blocks and refine ores to create all of the different blocks. You can engage the pirates early in a small fighter in an attempt to get a headstart by salvaging their ships, or you can bide your time on a claimed planet, building a warship to eliminate the pirates. You can decide to just not engage the pirates in general, and just see what kind of builds you can make. So many things to do, I'm not even a billionth into the gameplay hours you could play if you lived long enough."
76561198122044179,Recommended,244770,15678516,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Lion Heart,"I just started the game, tiny ship for me. I spent my cash on a warp drive, charged it up, went to a planet. Marveling at the beauty of the planet i failed to notice the in system pirates. When I did notice it was too late, White flames washed up on my view screen, missing started blasting in to me. Then I was dead."
,Recommended,244770,14718036,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Hitt_and_Run™,It's like real life.... in space. The ship building is so incredilbly intricate it's ridiculous. Have and will continue to lose hours of my life to this game.
76561198100545632,Recommended,244770,14711706,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,charliewhiskey1,"You know what? This is addictive.A call to all peace loving warriors!We spent a week or so building a faction and a spacestation. Our group was mining in order to build proper defenses including a massive carrier to take the fight to the enemy. One quiet morning, all chaos let loose and another faction staged an unprovoked sneak attack. We weathered that attack only to discover a massive swarm of pirate ships has noticed the comotion and moved in for the kill. The human offenders beat a hasty retreat as the overwhelming pirate forces laid siege to our modest outpost. Several casualties including our faction leader and countless valiant soldiers did not stop us from our mission. When the smoke cleared, our station remains standing and the hull is intact. We live to fight another day. We live to return vengeance on our sworn enemies. Word has gone out and war has officially been declared on a fearsome foe. He will strengthen his forces but now we weaponize. With a full range of devastating weaponry, our wrath will be legendary.Come join us as we clear this universe of rabble and decay. If you have the guts.Post your battle Cries below and I will provide you with details."
,Recommended,244770,14161316,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Captain.Scarlet,Has the same draw as Minecraft except you can just build a big ship with lots of mining lasers and go eat planets for resources instead of hacking away for hours.Only issue is mostly just lag and Java related annoyances (low frame rate and memory limits are set very low).Very rough around the edges and online gameplay depends suffers from the usual trolls.
76561198103483994,Recommended,244770,14332131,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,narwhalfury,"Build an awesome ship (or ten), then fly around and blow up pirates.I've dabbled a bit in the standard sandbox single-player, but I have found that starting a creative game and building stuff is something I personally enjoy more. The challenge of making a ship that not only looks cool but is also practical and can fit the necessary systems is a challenge I very much enjoy. I would like to see some more features added to make the single-player a bit more in depth such as missions and inhabited space stations, as well as some more variety and differentiation in the way of stock ships for the pirates and trade guild. On the other hand, I'm considering building a few ships of my own to give to the AI. Also, bear in mind that this is in Alpha, so updates (I believe including missions and the like) are coming.Unfortunately I have utterly jghcjhg internet on the best of days and can't join in on any of the multiplayer stuff, but it looks fantastic.Try the free version. If you like it, buy it and support the developers.600 meter ship, here I come."
76561198120970833,Recommended,244770,15157196,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,ArticJarl,"3 words, Hard As Hellthis game is very difficult but but to play"
,Recommended,244770,15261039,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,礼儀正しい紳士,"This game looked good in all of the reviews and looked alright in the video shown on this steam page, but this game is just not good at all. I know I don't really care about graphics but the graphics in this game are quite basic; the physics are a bit off aswell.Overall, to me, this just seems like a space engineers clone (wannabe) and is alright especially ifyou really are on a tight budget and can't afford much. Would definitely get Space Engineers over this game as its physics, art style and gameplay are a hell of a lot better - especially when you're mining blocks and building ships.Be that as it may, this game does have a certain charm especially for an Early Access game with the mining and flying aspects.I'm looking forward to what comes from the full game"
,Recommended,244770,14319638,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Booski62005,"10/10Well, AMAZING! MAKE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWERS DIE!"
76561198157877497,Recommended,244770,14281458,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,acidcoast1,"its a great game if you want to build and craft and stuff but the enemies are op as♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can build a cruiser for weeks, spend tons of money and mine every asteroid and planet in the solar system. but if you go too close to a pirate station you will die and all of your hard work will go down the drain.that said. this is a fun game and i would recomend it.play with caution."
,Recommended,244770,14874579,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ченьО.Д.удэ101©,I'd like to thank the devs for fixing my problems. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,244770,15216275,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,TheMetalOne,"Very cool concept. All things considered, I'd say it's pretty well done too.Stepping into the game is a bit overwhelming. The tutorial throws a lot of info at you pretty fast, and due to typos and some parts that are poorly explained, you may find yourself scratching your head thinking ""wtf am i supposed to do?""Stick with it.This game is basically Minecraft in space. However, where Minecraft doesn't really have any direction to it, this game does. Minecraft is a hodge podge of whatever stuff the devs thought might be cool to have, this game is all about mining and crafting for the purpose of building space ships. You can do more than that, but it all comes back to the ships. Due to the amount of creativity that it possible with the building system, this is NOT a bad thing.I have barely scratched the surface of all the possibilities this game provides, and I'm already having fun. Building ships is fun. The crafting is interesting. The exploring can leave you with genuine feelings of intrigue when you come across a new planet.There are downsides, however. I did experience repeated crashes caused by an error that was only able to be resolved by reinstalling the game. The launcher does streamline this process, though. The tutorial needs another look, especially the typos in it, as they make an already confusing subject matter that much more confusing. The controls are pretty clunky. It's kind of born out of necessity, though, because there are a lot of actions that each need a key. My personal recommendation would be for the devs to remove some of the less necessary actions (can't remember an example off the top of my head, but i know i saw some) and implement the ability to customize keybindings ASAP to lessen the awkwardness.All in all, this is literally the only early access game i have ever played that I felt was worth the money, and fully entertaining this early in developement. It's also the only early access game i have ever clicked the ""yes, i recommend this"" button for in a review. I spent almost 2 hours in this game, and it felt like 20 mins. Very engaging, and I look forward to seeing great things from this game. If you're on a budget, you can play the alpha for free. Just know that this game is worth the current price of $9 in it's current state, so buying it while it's cheap could be a really good deal. The devs have said the price will go up as features are added, and the game nears completion, so bear that in mind if you like it."
,Recommended,244770,15116095,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Zyklon_B,"Great,I fell in love with the game from the first time i played, med difficulty controls, fun to play, imagination is the only limit.8 out of 10"
,Recommended,244770,15197847,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Young,"Really fun.Really Laggy, i would recommend to friends"
76561198142288077,Recommended,244770,14388948,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SilentSlayer,Great game to play! Easy to learn but hard to master. Just make sure you have 64bit Java installed on your computer. Otherwise it will crash on startup.
76561198067050015,Recommended,244770,15251219,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,M4dd00mfl4r3,"So, I have NOT playeed this game much, as you can tell, but the game is amazing, it has a strong learning curve, but once you figure it out, it is very enjoyable. The only problem I have is that once you leave the game, your ship dissappears entirely."
76561198093008430,Recommended,244770,15243218,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jeffenuva,I love this game!!  It is still in development but I am already addicted...
76561198136515866,Recommended,244770,15227660,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,SGT8SWAG,good on a old XPS laptop runs fine and when on my pc with my 40G ram and 12G graphics runs sooooo good XD
,Recommended,244770,15172834,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,SwooshySquid,"Great sandbox game, some would say its like minecraft in space, but until you play it, you wont experience the fun this game has in store for you!"
76561198035770801,Recommended,244770,16947345,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,brucethemoose,"This is basically modded Minecraft in space... in fact, the Galacticraft and MCP devs are now Starmade developers. If you're familiar with the modded Minecraft community, you know that's a big deal.I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future."
,Recommended,244770,16445482,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Iceman,"This game is really awesome. If you have a Minecraft / builder game itch, this will sate you. The only limit is really your imagination if you like space-type themes. The ability to single-player sandbox with admin-spawned blocks, then export your designs to multiplayer servers and just work on getting the mats to make your badass ship is really nice.It IS alpha, with some alpha bugs and you do have to do a bit of Google / Forum searching to answer some questions. That said, the devs and community are very helpful.Oh and you can try for free too, but it is well worth $10. Catch it on sale for $5 for a great deal."
,Recommended,244770,16402696,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Demros,"StarMade is one of the coolest games I have ever plain. Although it has it's bugs *Cough* Planet Gravity *Cough*, It is one of the best and most fluent games on Steam. What starts out to seem like a boring game, turns into an amazing (possibly face paced), beautiful, and scientific game. The fights that you can make or join in can sometimes be thrilling, and the things that you can make are amazing! I can right a very, very long list about all of the things that I like about this game; but the list of bad things would be minimal. I recommend this game to anyone that even remotely likes space and/or science fiction, and can deal with bugs and glitches. (It is still currently in Alpha, so you'll have to get used to that stuff.)"
76561198048563017,Recommended,244770,14006220,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Stimmlage,"I've played this before, and it's an absolutly stellar game, but for what ever reason it just will not work for me. ive tried everything, but it just wont work. it's likely a hardware issue, so be prepaired for trouble shooting if you've had issues with voxel based games in the past."
,Recommended,244770,14103046,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Died | whitenova.co,can someone help me beacuse it wont let me play the game when i press ok on single player then press ok to launch the game it dosnt work and help nyone ?
76561198011334770,Recommended,244770,14566649,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[LHG] Kampfgruppe,"I bought it game 2 days ago and i cant play, After trying to run this game a message said JVM crashed,My latop is a HP I5 Intel(R) icore(TM) i5-4210U CPU @ 1.70GHZ, Ram 4GB, microsoft windows 8.1  and my graphic card a Geforce 820M Nvidia. Someone can help me please?.,"
76561198117298186,Recommended,244770,14769099,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Fake Wolffey,I like it but when ever I try to quit it doesn't really quit. I have to close steam using Ctrl-Shift-Esc. But otherwise I like it and you should buy it.
,Recommended,244770,14749365,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,IsOver9K,"Great game, great community, and a developer that cares enough to work constantly on improving everything!"
76561198058752653,Recommended,244770,14754768,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Dude,"If you ever wanted minecraft in space, this is it!Even though this is still in Early Access, it is a ton of fun!  I would say though that the planets are kinda buggy if your ship is even medium sized.  Planets are now a nice 10 sided shape (3D surfaces, vs flat plane from before)Only thing it needs:-Planets need to be 8-32 times their size (not kidding.  if the galaxy is so big, make the planets REALLY Planet sized!-Need survival mode!  Hunger, but not so that you die in less than a minute (should be day or 3 in game).  You should have to keep track of it and it be another resource you have to keep an eye on (and people will actually trade/fight over it)  If no food is around, have rations on the person at spawn so that it gives you some time, and maybe have a food replicator that only restores a small amount from power/ore (make it so that it is disadvantageous so only when absolutely necessary)-Power is too plentiful.  Power should have to be recharged with either reactors that have to be replenished with fuel/uranium, or recharged with solar collectors (huge solar farms could become very valuable/fought/protected over)  Have AMOUNT of power STORED.-Salvaging is actually fun.  Make it so you can't salvage stations/ships UNLESS you defeat them.  Eliminate cheats from the onset, but leave it as an option in the console.  Also, make it so that they consume power.-Have craftable Hand to Hand weapons and tools/armor/personal shields.Need to be able to make craft that is suited for planetary invasion.  Ships, while the main focus are AWESOME, aren't terribly great for planetary invasion due to that it can get buggy.  We should be able to make tanks/hover tanks JUST for planetsOutside of this, it has been pretty stable, but I had an issue where I had like 10/10 salavage beams (spaced well) and when I went to salavage an asteroid, I could see the blocks disappear, but no beam (I had to make another game to see the beams)Still, there are only few minor bugs, (and not all the time)  This is SO WORTH THE COST!  BUY IT!!!!"
,Recommended,244770,14753251,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,↘ Coarse ↖,"Pros:- (From my experience) Great community- Space- Spaceships- Flying around in space in a spaceship- Trading in space- Cannons in space- Mining in space- Floating around in space- Fighting in space- Building in space- Planets in space- Space in space- SpaaaaaceCons:- Tutorial that's less fun than banging your head into your keyboard repeatedly- Server disconnection issues sometimes (Quickly resolves itself before you're disconnected)- You're not playing it right nowGo play it right now. Seriously. I want you to become part of the great community and give back once you take enough :DThis has A LOT of opportunity, and I hope to keep seeing this game and it's community grow."
,Recommended,244770,14740404,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Breaker,"Ok i gonna start saying what i think about the game and if is worth right now.1.The game worth at early access? R: 2/3 Have some bugs and not the best performance,but also que ship create, the extensive map to explore and build, the mods and scene is freaking awasome so for me is worth if u got a Nice PC.PROS [Right now] :+The map and the space are well done+Ship system+FPS and TPS Experience+Build system+Freaking awasome ambient and effects (Gfcs)+Gameplay and controls are wellCONS [Right now for early access] :-The performance is horrible for me is running at 12-19 FPS at Low sett, and 3-7 FPS at max sett and i got an a gamer pc-Shop system is weird-GUI makes me confusion-Spawn point-Map gui-Animations : This one is not the worst thing in the world but it can be a lot better-No First person animations : Pointless-Combat system i dint gat cha-Spammeable sounds"
76561198126734858,Recommended,244770,14737859,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,collinyallz,great
76561198132663386,Recommended,244770,14571300,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Clockwerk,"Im confused about the fact that i cant play the game in the first place just because i have an Intel GPU. my spec s are better than whats required and it doesnt even start the game just because i have intel. then it tells me to update my graphics card? Im just really confused and i dont see why intel ""cant handle"" this game."
76561198039888127,Recommended,244770,15067487,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,brockdecimator,"Ladies and Gentlemen (and everyone else) this game is fantastic, if your a fan of space engineers, think of this as everything you wished you could do in space engineers. With fully functional ship weapons, turrets, shields and systems, pirates, planets, solar systems, and entire galaxies! i do recommend starting on a multiplayer server right away. There is nothing like building a massive capital ship with 1 million + voxel blocks and warping to a pirate station and take on an entire fleet of pirates el mono haha. Highly, Highly reccomend."
,Recommended,244770,15070242,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Bugle,If you play with freinds its awesome
76561197987074918,Recommended,244770,15063290,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Maltazar,"This is a very great game, even though it is a bit buggy.It can be a bit hard understand all the game mechanics, but there is a lot of help at the Starmade homepage.If you like buildning games like MineCraft with a lille of games like FreeLancer, then Starmade would be a game you love.Setup a server for you and your fiends and you will have hundres of hours good gameplay."
,Recommended,244770,15077037,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Rogue Spectre,"Love the game so far but im lost in space, someone help me with out ending my life...."
76561198076254695,Recommended,244770,15083505,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,thegreatjjp,lovit/hate it pirates get me still recmend it also looking for friends
,Recommended,244770,15098319,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,VDSR,"Easily worth 10 dollars even though the game is free on their website, amazingly addictive and regularly being updated with new content, will love to see this after alpha is finished."
,Recommended,244770,14291612,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,rdefranz,"Incredibly fun game, loving the amount of features it already has considering its still in alpha!"
76561198007393877,Recommended,244770,14308829,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Naiphe,"This game is phenominal.Theres alot to learn in it and the basics take a few hours to get used to. However once you get the basics down you have a game thats as deep and engrossing as you want it to be. Its not exactly brain surgery, its just different things to get used to like how crafting works, how to fly your ship, get resources etc. The current tutorial isnt all that helpful so you are better off going to multiplayer where theres a nice community who are usually very helpful.Its still in alpha, so its got its bugs and its missing alot of sounds. But its an amazing game even so early in its development. Plus its free to try with the demo (which is infact the full game).TLDR: its minecraft in space where you can blow each other up with ships consisting of millions of blocks."
76561198084340293,Recommended,244770,14231809,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,snata04,"Yeah the old review was really bad i was ignorant of how to play it after all the changes and was kind of raging.Okay pretty good game, its complicated but when you learn how to play it can be really fun"
76561198057730650,Recommended,244770,27750946,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,boomboyspark,"I remember when i first got this game, I dont think i played it for more than a few hours because I didnt think it was a good game, however the recent updates have made the game much more fun to play, It has become one of those games that i just can't stop playing, there is always something more to do, something new to build, the possibilities have become almost endless. I would definitely recomend this game to anyone who enjoys building space craft and doesnt mind taking an hour or two to figure out the game. It is a really amazing game."
,Recommended,244770,27688275,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vancek,"Very good Open world game with great potential, only bad thing is long development."
,Recommended,244770,27891901,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,.Cheetos//Sign,"Been playing this game off and on. I have probably over 2000 hours alone on this, 1500 not on steam and 500+ on steam.It's a great game for someone who wants a universe sandbox with space travel type of game based on Minecraft. For the past year it has gotten a lot of optimization and changes done to it, to make it better, but also make it even more of hindrance in building ala rails requiring enhancers to move at normal speed if the object docked to it weighs more than its optimum limit or it will move at a snails pace. With the rail enhancers requiring energy plus need at least 1 enhanger per 25 block weight (9-10 advanced armor blocks), meaning in the end you could end up with a ship twice as big to support the turrets motion or that small shuttle you wanted to auto move in a secure place before flying off.Other than that, everyone who is a fan of Minecraft should give this game a try, even folks who never played Minecraft before."
,Not Recommended,244770,16538906,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HiddenKnowledge,"While I'm sure the game can be fun, I personally had issues running it properly. It seems to have quite a few bugs which makes the game quite frustrating to play."
76561197970860897,Recommended,244770,28011847,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Custer701,For so long now We've been waiting for a truly limitless open world space exploration game...The people at Schine have made it happen!  Starmade is truly a game that gives back as much as You want to put into it.  And somehow more at times.  I have had a blast tinkering in this world and have barely scratched at it!  I could play this one game to the exclusion of almost everything else and never feel I missed much. Starmade is the game I've been waiting for and due to this or that I almost missed it completely...as if it flew in under the radar.  For this reason I think it deserves alot more recognition.
,Recommended,244770,28003171,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,๖MÐC,This game doesnt seem like much but if you love space games its really is a fun game that you can just spend hours building your own spaceship to fight others with. I love the amount of creativity it allows us to put into the game.
76561198239799298,Recommended,244770,28291936,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lonely Recycling Bin,"This is an amazing ship building, space exploring game. Very cheap and I love it"
76561198123408793,Recommended,244770,15148134,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Blazikinahat,"So, I have played this game for a few hours now and i have to say it is an excellent game for early access. Although it may feel like minecraft, it is NOT minecraft. It has a few bugs that need to be figured out and I think I would prefer an actual in game engine. It definitly be better optimized for mac, which by the way I suggest getting this game for PC and not Mac. The developers may have fixed optimization for mac for some bugs but, it still falls flat. Especially when I try running it on my mac. It either crashes or is slow starting up or when I actually manage get it running mac the framerate is all over the place. If you plan to get this game I recommend you get it but run it on PC because mac simply doesn't run very well especially this early. I would like to add that this game is stingy when it comes to RAM. Allow me to explain: My PC has an intel extreme motherboard, a Geforce GT 9800, and 8GB of RAM(it had 4). When I upgraded to 8GB from for the reason was because the game said to and I quote ""increase the max memory."" Of course I upgrade to 8GB(it was time anyway). So, I upgraded and I got the same message just after I upgraded. Please fix this. The messages are annoying especially when it should have fixed itself with the upgrade. PS: if anyone has any thoughts on trying to get a quick fix, I welcome the assistance.UPDATE: I haven't played this game in weeks and I wanted to give a quick update for my review. I have change my rating of this game from recommend to not recommend. Why? because they changed the price to $14.99. That price is simply not reasonable especially for a game that isn't nearly complete nor does it have a proper starting menu! It has planets to explore but no creatures to fight. I don't use muliplayer but the last time I tried to the servers kept craching on me. Until, they can have thi game no longer in beta, I DO NOT Recommend this game. I will keep my copy and update it as they roll out but, I will not be playing his game unil it has come out of beta. Also, my mac isn't the most powerful thing the world and my PC the one with 9800 GT doesn't show picture anymore so, I need a new PC to play this game anyway. In addition, the recommended specs and minimum specs listed are too vague to even consider trying the game out.UPDATE 4/7/2016: I am recommending this game because I have found a way to fix the RAM issue that I had earlier. I would have prefered NOT to edit the amount of RAM allocated as I thought it would be automatic, but it works and that is what matters now. I am very pleased with the recent updates to the logic system and I hope that more will roll out as I continue my support for this game as it has a lot of potential. I hope that a new launcher gets introduced as soon as possible and that future players won't have to edit the RAM allocation as most games have it on automatic anyway. I hope that new detail options, new ship templates and new Space Station templates to give more creativity and options. I would also like to see a small drop in price as $14.99 is still a bit much for a game in beta. I still stand by my thoughts on the price as said in the previous update. So until the next update, buy this game to let your creative mind loose.UPDATE 3/10/2017: Now that the main menu has gotten a major overhall, and the game has gotten some major improvements I still keep my review of this game to recommended. Now, it isn't perfect but, I never expected it to be. With the massive improvements to the menu and an easier way to allocate memory to the game it seem like once the game game is finished I will be playing more and more. Keep up the good work. Also, for those interested in early access on steam this is how you do it. This is an excellent example of how to do EA."
76561198084435990,Recommended,244770,21858705,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Hard Pirate,I open up the game launcherthen I start the gameAND THEN IT CRASHES IN THE LOADING SCREENWHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME STARMADE :(I would like this game more if I could actually play it
76561198027922437,Recommended,244770,17823019,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Puck Chatty,"To start off, I will announce that I am a space enthusiast who has played and relatively enjoyed other space games that are in the gaming market as of right now. I can honestly say that this game seems to be more exciting than almost all of them. If you are looking for a complete game, re-direct youself to the Early-Access Notice on the Starmade store page and realize what that means. If it seems like I am being abrasive it is only because I do not want people  to judge this game as being a full game and I also want you to spend your money on a complete game if that is what you want.That being said, I will attempt to break up this review into 2 seciton's of the Pro's and Con's of this game with a summary at the end for all of the TL:DR's.Pro's:- Complete Freewill with building and a massive sandbox to test your creation's.- you can Build and Create your own Station's in space and on the surface of planets.- Faction wars if you choose to get involved in them.- Your Mind is the only limit to your creation's. (ie. If you want an explorer ship to fly around the galaxy, a Massive Dreadnought to take on the Pirate plague the infects the universe, a Mining ship to tear apart planets and asteroids for materials to fuel your coffers of either your own or your factions you may.)- The game doesn't really seem to get boring unlike other sandboxes (especially with friends.)- The mechanics of the game are smooth and have a great basis for improvement.- The Dev's seem devoted, creative, and extremely passionate about this game.- It is still within its Alpha stage and already feels very complete.Con's- Could be better building mechanics such as switching out blocks for another (on larger ships) in an easier fashion rather than just setting your x,y,z to 100 and clicking away.- The UI could be a enhanced a tad to not only look better but also provide wider control over various aspects of your ship/character/info panels (faction, ship, navigation, etc.).- Needs more content that allow us as the player to impact to the universe around us. (again, Alpha state.)- A bit of a learning curve which either takes asking questions, watching tutorials, or simply tampering around and experimenting on your own (I would suggest the others if you are looking to get up to speed quick.)- I found this game just as college was swinging back around to hit me in the face.Overall, Great game with a solid base for improvement and a galaxy and a Dev team that allow for it expand. In my opinion, the fact that this game in in its alpha state suprises my and also gets me just as excited and crazed as a girl going to starbucks.TL:DR- Minecraft in space, but it doesn't feel like all you are doing is slapping chickens and punching wood. Instead, you can phaser a planet and watch its molten core be exposed and your storage start teeming with loot. That can help you on your way to becoming a mogul and or fueling your passion to build Fleet of your own creations. Or you can inhabit that planet and build your very own colony that people can visit and shop at. Or you can be sucked into that planet never to enter space again because you didn't put enough thrust to your♥♥♥♥♥and thus you cant escape the planets gravity. Your Choice."
76561198049318398,Recommended,244770,17804884,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,AntsYaBoi,"-Did 2 minutes tutorial-Spawn in the middle of the galaxy-put down core, two power supplies and a ♥♥♥♥ load of laser cannons-♥♥♥♥ yea.jpg-fly out to ♥♥♥♥ but nowhere- what the ♥♥♥♥ am I doing- suddenly power supply fails and my ship just keeps spinning- helicoptor tactics seem to be inneffective-still spinning-bail out-have been floating in space for 30 minutes-the tiny green dot has now turned into a small blob- finally floats to meteor and starts collecting ores and crystal like a son of a ♥♥♥♥♥-build new ship- off to the next planet8.5/10 would spin again"
,Recommended,244770,16459278,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,someone0000,id love to recommend this game it looks great whih is why i bought it the only thing is ....i cant play it because it crashes on startup due to a JVM error which says my drivers arent up to date even after theyve been updated and java as well so ill gladly change the rating if this can be somehow fixed .....
76561198112490489,Recommended,244770,16197079,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,yellowface7,I hijacked an enemy ship and the enemies turned on each other. The memory error happens and the epic battle and the spacestation follows me wherever I go... 10/10 Would hijack again.
,Recommended,244770,16422178,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Colonel_Dirty,"Mining rocks, what fun.In all seriousness it's a very fun game and it's still in early access. I can't wait to see what it looks like when its a full release game."
76561198006733541,Recommended,244770,17671562,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Ealine,Fun!
,Recommended,244770,17237828,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Mikestriken,"The game is good, very good but...I would like if you changed how missiles lock on (or how it looks when they lock on), sorta like how you see missile lock on in Tom Clancy's HAWX.Ok here is something i would really like if you to add to this game, the Supermassive Black Hole...you see it has been scientifically been proven that there are supermassive black holes at the center of all galaxies so, the moon revolves around the earth the earth revolves around the sun and the sun revolves around a Supermasive Black hole in the center of the galaxy."
,Recommended,244770,17687552,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Ampro,Completly fun and awesome but I wish standing in a ship while it was flying would work a lot better but altogether i really recommend this game to people who adore space and adventure along with a bunch of creativity. I love it.
76561197969346790,Recommended,244770,17688770,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Von Demon,"This game is deceptively simple but is in fact, extremely deep and complex.  If you simply did a bullet point summation of it's features, you'd have a game description that would have almost any PC gamer salivating.  But the modest graphics may lead some gamers to dismiss it out of simple ignorance to what's under the hood.- Fully realized 3D engine with first person perspectives- Massive Universe spanning more solar systems than we'll ever visit- Space Combat- Resource gathering- Trading- Crafting (and this one is key)- Complex divers ship systems that allows for unique gameplay experiences- Player Factions with complex ranks and privileges- Player controlled systems and sectors- The ability to land on the surface of planets ;)- Private servers with the ability to set game parameters and all the coolness that offersHell, this game delivers more than Star Citizen has promised with the except for graphic fidelity and animations.  Oh, and you can build whatever you want.  Space stations, fighters, dreadnaughts, asteroid hangers, plantery bunkers, whatever you can think of."
,Recommended,244770,17718708,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,BosGrunniens.exe,"A voxel based sandbox where you can build large ships and consume entire planets for resources so that you can make your ship bigger, or just play soccer with asteroids.Also, it's alot less straining on computers compared to space engineer"
76561198097876250,Recommended,244770,28769236,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Vagina Splash Supreme,"its a bit complicated, but once you've watched a few youtube tutorials this game gets real fun.i wonder if its possible to build a death star ? 9$ for a game with an insane amount of replay (if you're into building/exploring/space). and all the people who say that the developers of this game are lazy are just spoilled brats.they are always coming out with updates, the last one being the npc factions.yeah ive ran into some weird things, like a transporter ship ramming into a trade station, no big deal nothing happend. drunk space pilots.but for real, get this game its some solid stuff"
,Recommended,244770,24626714,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Hats_for_Cats,Pretty ok if you can afford it. It's Minecraft in space.
,Recommended,244770,14309419,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Pyhis Pahis,I built a bigass space ship in like 2 hours and then I flew it into a pirate space station. That did not end well.Would do it again though10/10
76561198165235291,Recommended,244770,16935724,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,bagon03,"Thank the lord I can now play game is great, besides the thumbs down. Sorry was just mad I couldn't play the game is fun bet gets boring if don't understand hope to see a better future for this game!"
,Not Recommended,244770,24016992,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[L.M.B 2nd S.L] Spooker West-468,"So, this game is EXTREMELY fun to play with a couple friends.As a terrible designer and builder I can safely say that my role in StarMade is to steal unclaimed ships.So, my first experience was rather interesting.I went mining with my friends and we gathered some ores over the course of an hour and made millions off of it, which was an amazing start. We started to build a ship of our own, but we decided others' ships were much better and we'd work much better stealing and running. So we did just that at the spawn.Over the next week, the Spaghetti faction got a reputation for stealing ships on SystemHack. So that was fun. It got to the point where our mothership was tiny compared to our biggest ship, but we still called it Spaghettimother since our big miner was NOT a residential ship.However we lost interest after people learned to claim their ships, and with our owned ships we got bored of fighting pirates and exploring the same small pentagon-faced planets.All in all, this game is fun for progressing and quick empire-building. But once you've done the main stuff, there's no fun in just flying around the same few planets. Of course, professional builders would say otherwise. I've seen some amazing builds, ranging from tiny X-Wings and TIE Fighters to giant flying buses, huge warp rings and cresent-shaped fighters that could house a large village of people inside it.For a player who wants to just have fun exploring and fighting, this game gets boring quite quickly with the fact I have to rebuild and repair my ship block by block after every fight if my shields go down. I'm sure others think differently, but I think more exploration methods would really make StarMade better.Oh, also, travelling is a bloody awful burden. Took me an hour to get to the edge of the galaxy. Went and had a good meal while I was waiting. Warping doesn't help much either."
76561198115473609,Not Recommended,244770,25390220,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Charles_Fitzgerald,"Short Version:There is not too much to do other than build. If you absolutely love building sci-fi stuff, then pick up the demo and try it out. If you're not a fan of sinking hours and hours of your life into trying to make that perfect starship, then avoid the game for a while and then check back later to see if anything was added that makes you want to play the game.Very Long Version:Having been playing this game for a while, I can say that I would not recommend it in its current state unless you love to build.Expanding on that idea of loving to build, Starmade has one of the best set of tools for building whatever the fudge you want in this game. The not horribly demanding placement of blocks in order for a ship to work allows for a fair bit of flexibility in making a ship that works alright, all you really have to do is place the more finicky things in lines and the rest everywhere else. The inclusion of the advanced build mode features accessible by holding down lcontrol allow one to define symmetry planes, place hundreds of blocks at once, copy n' paste and more! Various systems such as rails and logic also give a player the ability to make various functioning mechanisms as simple as an elevator or password-protected door or as complicated as Space Monopoly (yes, someone did do that). It's even possible to create a basic OS on your ships to execute commands from a console in order to lock down, flash red alerts, undock drones, and whatever else you would want to do!The main issue, however, is that the game is very hard to get into. The tutorials are confusing and not necessarily up to date, the UI is not very intuitive, and some game mechanics are very abstract.The main case of those issues is the current power system. The way power works has a weird, non-intuitive pattern of construction in order to work effectively. One has to create groupings with an emphasis of covering large dimensions to generate more power per block, or else end up placing way more blocks than needed and making a severely underpowered ship compared to its cost. This forces design choices centering around large power crosses or large lines of power and is overall not very interesting to create. Hopefully this will be fixed in the power overhaul that the devs have annouced will take place.Another problem with the game is the lack of survival gameplay. The devs certainly are working on it, and that's great, one can certainly see that with the addition of basic NPC Faction generation, but there still is not much to do. There's no real reason to explore after seeing all the different ships and stations because everything that is randomly generated is pretty much the same old stuff. There's nothing like nebulae or ion storms that could provide navigational challenge or special gaseous resources, crashed ships with flight data or blueprints, or dangerous pirate territory stacked with loot (pirates now don't count because the danger level of pirates is pretty much constant wherever anyone goes, and there's no real reason to raid them) that spawns in the universe.Nothing is there to push a player or provide danger in the universe of Starmade either. There's no hunger or oxygen mechanics to drive one to gather resources, and the act of gathering resources to build stuff is super boring, amounting only to pointing your ship at an asteroid, turning on your radar jammer to negate any and all danger, and holding down right-click for a while.Manufacturing, industry, and trade is also far from entertaining. Crafting stuff is just typing in what you want to make, looking at the recipie, and putting the stuff in the factory. If you're a more advanced player, then you can just skip that last step and let your automated sorting system do it for you. No player will actually buy something another player makes because it's way more efficent just to mine it yourself through the boring process of holding down right-click on an asteroid until it disappears. Being a merchant is further frustrated by NPC factions only buying from a player in small amounts. Communication with these factions to convince them to buy more is also impossible, simply because they are in such a basic state.There's not much on the diplomacy front, either. There's no unique territory, and you probably will start out in a system filled with everything you will ever possibly need if you plan right, so there's no reason to invade anyone else or negotiate with anyone else for resources. Trading is, as stated earlier, impossible because everyone is completely self-sufficient.With a lack of strong content in terms of exploration, manufacturing, interaction and survival, I cannot recommend the game in its current state to others unless you absolutely love building. If you do like to build, then there are exceptional tools available that provide endless possibilites.Though, please do note that the game is completely free in its early access stages. Just click the ""download demo"" button to get the full version. You may as well try it out to judge it for yourself, and if you don't like it stop by after a while. The devs are extremely active and tell the community what they're working on every single week! Many of these issues are scheduled to be fixed some time in the future, it's just that Starmade is still getting onto its feet."
76561198009305108,Not Recommended,244770,25334108,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Faravahar1200,Rubish and waste of Money
,Recommended,244770,33205644,Posted: 3 July,all,YLDRMHan,"You might ask why i should play this game? Its simple as these features:1- You can make a lot ships and assign them into fleets2- You can put your ships an AI module to give them additional missions3- You can make every kind of turrets with an AI module (when im mean every its litteraly EVERY)4- You just make few ships with salvagers and put them into fleet and 1 click to the ""Mine this sector"" button and BOOOM ! just take a caffee and enjoy the view5- You can make additional logical systems (for more simple explain ""You can do everything"").....999-You can create a new map or join a new server make a new ship and start over A BİG GİANT UNİVERSE..."
76561197985227008,Recommended,244770,35408361,Posted: 2 October,all,nestreselli,"Cool idea, but work is needed. Some of the basics are very complicated and there isn't an efficient method to learn it. Despite that, the mechanics and are cool."
76561198307760923,Recommended,244770,28661283,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sunsetsparkle6,"do any one know how to return this game? it's not that i do not like it, it's just not my type"
