user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197989995318,Recommended,244750,34397178,Posted: 21 August,all,Daedron,"It's been a long time since I've been impressed with a game's combat sysem but holy hell this game is amazing at it. With DMC and Bayonetta seemingly in comatose there's not much in the way of character action games so colour me surprised when this game released out of seemingly nowhere after not seeing anything since Saurian Dash's video on it, but it has been worth the wait!Being able to cancel anything into anything at any time gives the combat amazing depth and flexibility and with 8 total weapons (4 being equippable at any one time) you can combat the game's nasties with your own sense of style and bloody carnage.As far as aesthetics go the black and white colour pallette works wonderfully well and I never had the feeling that enemies or characters blend into the background too much. This is helped even more by the things you do NEED to see being coloured, like enemy tells and danger areas...oh and the blood of course!The game has 2 main modes of play: Campaign and ArenaThe campaign mode is a turn-based strategy/board game where you get random missions every turn and have to send your limited amount of aztez to do battle. These combat scenarios are the heart and soul of the game and are extremely fun. The missions increase in difficulty as the game's turn counter increases.Some missions have to be done before the turn's end or something bad happens, while others are simply there to grant bonuses. Each mission also has a bonus objective which reward you with extra goodies, and these are rather important if you want to get to the true ending of the game.This mode doesn't take too long to complete, depending on how well you do you're looking at about 1.5 hours max. I also found it rather easy and while there is an item that makes the game harder in the early game there is currently no way to make the end-game more challenging.Besides the campaign there's also an Arena mode which has over 50 combat challenges for you to undertake. These increase in difficulty and you can choose to do them 1 by 1 or back to back to see how far you can get on a single life.You also have your tutorials and practice modes to dive in. The practice mode is quite extensive with being able to choose any enemy in the game as your practice target. For the combo freaks among us the immortal dummy is quite important!All in all I recommend this game for anyone who's looking for a good brawler to spend some time with, and also for those looking for a game with a lot of depth to its combat.I have a combo video showing off some of the slick things possible in this game's combat system:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rSNpsSfXMU"
,Recommended,244750,34453577,Posted: 23 August,all,The Mandalorian,"As a non-expert in the brawler genre, this game is rage inducingly difficult... but I love it! The combat system has a ton of depth, and the controls are super crisp. Friends of mine have been clammering about this game for years after playing it at expos pre-release, and it seems to live up to the hype."
76561198006833907,Recommended,244750,34915803,Posted: 13 September,all,Vrelk,"A solid single player fighting game with a less important strategic layer. Fights are quick and take some practice to master. The 8 weapons in the game all feel quite different and have uses that will cause you to switch between them mid fight. When your most major complaint is, ""I wish there was more and it lasted longer"" you know you've found an incredibly well made game."
,Recommended,244750,34083198,Posted: 7 August,all,Setnaro X,"Aztez may look like a simple button masher beat em' up, but it's far more than that. This game is rich with combat variety in the form of 8 weapons, each with its own distinct action trait that allows for players to strut their creative side of combat. The game alone offers a surprisingly good amount of depth that most other indie developers would shy away from. It's obvious that this game takes a lot of cues from Bayonetta and DMC, and while Aztez may not be quite as stylish as the Umbran Witch or the Son of Sparda, the satisfaction of pulling off air combos, weapon switching, shield canceling, executing frame perfect counters and summoning Gods to aid you in battle never felt so good. Mix this in with a really cool single player campaign in the form a strategic, board-game-like adventure where you must protect your empire as you attempt to survive for as long as you can, collecting resources, collecting cards to alter the battlefield, and fend off wave after wave of incoming enemy attacks, and you got a game that'll keep you hooked for hours on end."
,Recommended,244750,33963710,Posted: 1 August,all,William Shakesman,"Aztez is a game about the Aztecs doing what they do best. No, not sacrificing children or whatever. The other thing: Murdering each other in massive pointless brutal combat, and it is very good at that.Don't look at the hex maps. That's a smoke screen. Look at the combat. Aztez is a side-scrolling brawler with incredibly on-point combat from a real enthusiast of the genre. The meat of the game is here, in small arenas with various Aztec or, later, Consquistador goons to juggle, dodge, parry, and slaughter. Hits are powerful, combos are simple, with command moves out the wazoo for variety and utility, as well as an incredible amount of cancelling and weapon-switching*. A lot is borrowed from Bayonetta, especially the ""last hit is the strongest so finish your damn combos"" mechanic**. The point of the game is to put you in a bunch of these single-screen combat rooms. To that end, you have an arena mode and a practice mode on the main menu.And really that's what the campaign is meant to offer, too. A short, arcadey, replayable excuse for throwing you into a long series of randomized combat arenas. The strategy overlay is clever, simple, effective, and has meaningful decisions. (Something every single Dynasty/Samurai Warriors Empires game has failed at in all four measures but I still love those games anyway.). You amass a series of items and cash to try to keep the board state from failing until you get to the end, which is never really all that taxing. Every action you take is in the form of picking a battle and seeing if the rewards/crisis aversion helps you more than the other options, though you can use your board resources to change the state and avoid a few crises if you don't want to fight it out. As you play, you will unlock more super moves, more weapons with unique movesets (In a permanent unlock scheme, you'll have these in arena mode and can pick them as your initial loadout in future campaign runs, with more unlocked as you play.), cosmetic Aztec man dressup gear, and not one single stat to make your character stronger. You aren't leveling anything here; you finish as strong as you start, and combat remains pure skill from beginning to end.Another way in which the Bayonetta comparisons are apt is in how well the game scales. It starts out simple, but fun, and as the campaign continues you eventually find incredibly frantic combat arenas with enemies attacking six different chunks of the field around you from every direction. And it's fun on every level. As an option, you can even start your campaign a little harder than the most basic enemy setups if you think you're hardcore. This game really works at every level from the combo-junkie to the button masher.(I only have one complaint there: in the midst of all the late-game madness is when the Conquistadors start showing up to put a sudden and brutal end to your Aztec conquest. These guys are a new moveset and a new mechanic too much to learn while dealing with all the other late game nonsense. But this is a minor complaint. You willl replay Aztez and not have this problem later.)The campaign clocks in at about two hours of play, and with short combat arenas, you could knock out rounds of this on coffee break. With the strategy overlay offering replayability and even a few secrets to find, you are meant to be playing this over and over. As such, Aztez is meant for people who really enjoy digging into good action video game combat. If you're the sort of guy who only plays DMC, Bayonetta, Shank, Streets of Fury EX, Aces Wild, etc once and done, Aztez may be too short for you. But if you really can savor a good combat system, even if you aren't all that good at it, Aztez will reward you with many hours of play. The best thing I can say is that the combat really IS that good to be worth all the replays the game expects of you.*The poison here is guard cancelling with a side of weapon switching. Guard can cancel nearly anything at any frame, almost as strong as weapon switch cancelling was in Dishwasher Vampire Smile.**It explains this in exorbitant detail in the in-game manual. Bayonetta didn't even do that. I beat Platinum's magnum opus three times without even knowing what a wicked weave was because I didn't go online about it. (You know, come to think of it, the guard cancelling is explained in the manual here, but not the weapon switching so much in Dishwasher. And I beat VS four times without knowing how strong switch cancelling was...)"
,Recommended,244750,34001433,Posted: 3 August,all,DAN[tw],"This is a turn-based, empire-building, beat'em-all mix of a game... and it works great!The strategy and empire building part is very straight forward and nothing compared to a grand strategy game live Civ or Total War. Where this game excels is in the 2D combat, it is very precise and satisfying. There are lots of different combos, and almost everything flows perfectly from one move to the next.Buy this game, have fun. :)"
76561198113279987,Not Recommended,244750,33962093,Posted: 1 August,all,RobotNixon_OW,"The game is relatively fun, but after so many years in development- so many delays- you'd think the combat would be much deeper. As others have said, the game highly encourages you to finish your button mash combos (x,x,x,x,x or y,y,y,y,y) by having the final hits deal large amounts of damage.In addition, there is almost no reason to use some of the more interesting moves. Because of the way hitstun works in this game, one of the most optimal dps combos is x,x,x,x,x > dash y > x,x,x,x,x > repeat. This leaves your opponent unable to fight back and allows you max damage. They give you plenty of moves, but there's very little reason to ever use any of them."
,Recommended,244750,34023361,Posted: 4 August,all,Ctrl-Z,"Fast paced, blood thirsty, combo stacking, desaturated rage fest. I'm trash at games, especially beat'em ups, but the opening tutorial had me cracking skulls in just a few minutes.Initially upon launching the Campaign, I was a bit confused what everything did, and what I was supposed to do. Though after spending a few minutes exploring the inventory, and equipment screens I understood enough. Complete missions around the map, one Aztez per mission, do good get rewards. At the beginning of each turn you gain resources. These can be used to expand/maintain your empire, or get cards that do special and not-so-special things. As long as you read everything that pops on the screen, there's no way of getting lost.Played four or five campaigns now, each has lasted about 20-60 mins, depending on how well I perform. Each was a blast! It's easy enough in the start that you feel over confident, but as you progress so does the difficultly, you can quickly find yourself in over your head. Though it never felt cheap, when my last Aztez get decapitated my feeling was ""I should have done better"" or ""Dang, why didn't I do this!"" it was never ""Wtf, this is bs"".This game hit my gspot on so many levels. I love games like Total War, Civilization, River City, and Double Dragon. These titles have always sat in separate piles. With Aztez it's like a thin slice of each aforementioned game came together in a delicious sacrificial cake, that satisfied a hunger without requiring a large amount of time and dedication.Aztez offers a unique, fun, and fast experience that I haven't seen in a long time. I highly recommend this game.I hope you found this helpful! Cheers!Ctrl-Z"
,Recommended,244750,34050231,Posted: 5 August,all,Genusinachis,"Fantastic beat-em-up game with a strategy element. The devs really nailed the aesthetic and understood the Aztec civilization. The combat feels fast and brutal with a nice flow as you hack at enemies with a variety of different feeling weapons. The strategy element is a lot more interesting than I expected and thanks to the randomness and short length of missions, the campaign is great to replay. Fantastic game, I hope it gets more exposure, the devs deserve it."
,Recommended,244750,34244015,Posted: 14 August,all,Coldarmy,"I haven't won a campaign yet, but I really enjoy playing this game. The combat is fantastic: the 4 starting weapons all feel unique and powerful, and have tons of different combos and moves. The enemies start off weak but the difficulty quickly escalates, and there's a lot of variety in them. You are not leveling up your character, you are growing your own skill to survive. If you love fast-paced character action games, if you love gameplay, if you love deep combat that allows you to improve your skill, you will probably really like this game."
,Recommended,244750,34310514,Posted: 17 August,all,cwg| Mouse,"A fun and challenging game with a neat Civilization-esque framing device for the various fights. It's not brutally unforgiving (until the end) and has a wide enough variety of combos for multi-dimensional fights, even if the arenas are all the same. I particularly like the style and theme; you're effectively a secret police officer of the Aztec Empire sent to dispatch disent and fight crime and disease with brutal violence and spiritual supermoves, and are faced with the chance to rewrite history as the Spanish arrive."
76561197970755243,Recommended,244750,34039886,Posted: 5 August,all,Mr W,Nice hybrid strategy and beat-em-up. Shame it will likely be lost amongst all the crap.  It deserves better.
76561198052580865,Recommended,244750,35061284,Posted: 19 September,all,Beoarn,"To be honest, this game is competent, but not amazing in terms of gameplay, depth and game systems. What really shines through though is the great art and flavor text all around. Being Mexican, I bought this almost as soon as I  randomly stumbled upon it, and was not dissapointed. The god powers are awesome, using a macuahuitl in a beat em up is 10/10, and the unlockable cosmetic changes for the character and the weapons are all cool and well designed.The game also features a campaign mode map, which requires you to pass a beat em up stage for every event that pops up, either furthering your imperial conquests or preventing bad stuff from screwing said conquests up. The fact that there is no way to save scum makes them feel like the stakes are high always, but since theyre reasonably short to play through, failure never feels frustrating enough to not go ""AAARGH THIS TIME IS THE TIME"" and start another.This is a fun little beat em up, ive spent 6 hours in it and ill probably put in some more. The game itself centers around learning the enemies attack patterns and your own combo possiblities with the several available weapons. The variety in weapons and enemies is decent, and if the game wasnt so hard they would probably get old faster. That being said, my experience in beat em ups and overall skill at games is average at best, so others may find it easier.Give this game a try, its a good deal for its price"
,Recommended,244750,34424209,Posted: 22 August,all,Linxs,"Its fun 2d brawler.Play the Campagne in a kinda Rougelike manner to rescue the azteks from the spanish invaders.Unify the country , venture the underworld ... challenge the Emperor and if successfull Cortez himselfYour skill decides about your gameprogession...Unlock lots of cosmetics for your aztez and his weaponsYou can play it with controller or use the keyboard. Works fine both ways.Rebind the Keys the way you like it.8 Weapons to unlock with different fighting styles.Switch between 4 of them during combat...."
76561198011789808,Recommended,244750,34040674,Posted: 5 August,all,Dade,It requires a bit of patience to learn how to fight but it is than really rewarding.
76561197979093208,Recommended,244750,34382277,Posted: 20 August,all,Bhikshu #Back2Basics,"A very enjoyable side-scroller. Not a huge amount of depth to it, but fun to pick up and put down. 8/10 easily."
,Recommended,244750,34320196,Posted: 17 August,all,IrishMan,"Pretty good. Hard to master. Challenging, but keeps you engaged in it. Definitely a great game"
76561197974177334,Recommended,244750,34068763,Posted: 6 August,all,crisismax,Very interesting concept.  I enjoy it a lot.
76561198315273349,Recommended,244750,34090101,Posted: 7 August,all,jpbarbero,Great Game.
76561198257946013,Recommended,244750,34529719,Posted: 27 August,all,Myau,keep it up...gud game u made...its more comfortable using a controller
76561198000266166,Not Recommended,244750,34049367,Posted: 5 August,all,Black Hammer,"This game does a number of things well.Unfortunately, the core combat gameplay is pretty unsatisfying. There is one (1) way to get around an enemy's shield, and more often than not, it can't be chained effectively. This means you spend the bulk of your fights whittling down enemies who can't be comboed in any interesting way; it's just low attack into jump and slam, over and over.Can't comment on the weapons past the starting sword and the spear, but if they started you with the two least interesting weapons on purpose, that's not a great way to enjoy a game's combat.The extremely simple graphics make it difficult to keep track of what's on the screen when multiple enemies are in the same area (grey lines going in all directions). This in turn makes it very hard to  block or grab a specific enemy.EDIT: As confirmed by some of the comments below, the best solution to the game's design is to ignore it and keep playing until more options become available."
,Recommended,244750,34076353,Posted: 7 August,all,Atomic Gandhi,"Game is really fun, the fights and the strategy layer decisions are complex enough to be entertaining but also quick enough for you to be switching between them often. If you want a fun 2d fighter with a simple-ish but cool strategy layer to it, go for it, worth the 20 bucks. At the very least, watch some gameplay online to see if you think you will like it."
76561198101761215,Recommended,244750,34002420,Posted: 3 August,all,soupydavis,"Extremely fun game. Was skeptical of the strategic world map overlay system at first, but it turns out to be fun on its own, and a good break from the fighting. Combat system is surprisingly complex."
,Recommended,244750,34227825,Posted: 13 August,all,GrizzlyNacho,"AtmosphereThe black, white and red is fantastic. Big combos and crazy combat moments feel incredible with time dilation and massive, screen filling animations.Brawling GameplayI'm not much for brawling, so it took me quite a while to get the hang of the brawling, but it seems like anyone used to 2d fighters will be right at home. Sacrificing enemies and both the weapon variety and weapon swapping capabilities make for genuinely challenging and satisfying gameplay.Board GameplayThere is a tutorial for the brawling controls/gameplay. There is none for the board. Items will not make sense until you try them or encounter when it would have already been good to use them. Knowing what to do and when for your civilization was a thing you had to pick up through trial and error. I'm normally a fan of light tutorials, but any details that I tried to seek out were totally missing. Once you have played a few short and fruitless campaigns, you start to pick up on some details of what to do and when, and the board game starts to come alive. It's shaky at the start, but rewarding enough later on.Overall the hurdles of the board game aspect weren't too bad to overcome and I found myself coming back over and over to try another campaign. I loved it!"
,Recommended,244750,34228545,Posted: 13 August,all,neumunki,"An amazing game that will always be there to give you a quick fix of Platinum style brawler gameplay.  One reviewer complained about the brawling not having deep combos but the system is perfect in that every move manipulates the positioning of the enemies in a meaningful and different way.  I'm not great at games like this but I love them and this one takes the cake.  The strategy layer is no deep Civ style game, nor should it be.  It's enough of a framework to give the fights meaning (which probably makes it have a better story than most Platinum games anyways.)  It's not meant to be a long game, but a short reason to dig into one of the best combat systems out there on a daily basis.  A coffee break brawler."
,Recommended,244750,34243479,Posted: 14 August,all,jamespzimmerman,"I'll admit that I started Aztez with some mild trepidation. I like action games, a lot, but I find that 2D ones typically lack a lot of the really interesting mechanics that 3D ones have. I also don't really know anything about turn-based strategy games. What Ididknow about Aztez was that a lot of people who were very good at the action games I most loved were singing its praises, so I decided to give it a shot.It's really something special.After a brief jaunt through a fairly in-depth training process, and a readthrough of the in-game pdf of the manual (a nice touch) I knew most of what I needed to know and started a campaign. You play a mission, and the mission is a fight; you have an objective, which is exclusively ""kill everything before time is up"", and then you have a bonus objective, which is randomly generated from a pool of scaling objectives and will be familiar to anyone who's used to earning skill points in games with those type of challenges (perform one parry, sacrifice two enemies, score 50,000 points, whatever). The combat system starts you with a Sword-and-Board weapon, and while there are a total of 7 other weapons to unlock, the Sword and Board is by far the most versatile and the one you'll run back to the most. With extreme ease (hold up or down while pressing an attack button, either in the air or on ground, or attack after a dash) you can trip enemies, launch them, ground slam, knock them away, stagger them, and mash through infinite combos with simple interrupts (blocking, command attacks) with reckless abandon.The enemies themselves don't collide with one another, though theydocollide with you, and most of the game's core combat processes involve gathering them up into a little ball and smashing them all at once with a single combo for as long as you can. Meanwhile, other enemies will try to position themselves outside of your range of attack and interrupt your onslaught, freeing up any remaining enemies to resume their attack, and you have to parry, cross-combo between two enemy sets, and more to sustain your control over the play space.The other half of the combat system is that the game has this blood-drinking mechanic. As you hit enemies (or you're hit), blood sprays out. You can hold a button to summon all of the blood into you. When an enemy dies, it will stop spraying blood, and it will stand motionless and give you a chance to sacrifice it. When you sacrifice an enemy, a LOT of blood comes out.  Drinking blood refills your health, and also grants you access to your limit-break-style attack. When you engage in a sacrifice animation, you're totally still and totally vulnerable for a long time. It is not always practical to sacrifice an enemy because it exposes you to risk. But if you wait too long to sacrifice an enemy, or you attack it when it's ready to be sacrificed, it will die and you lose the opportunity. What's interesting is, an enemy can be juggled indefinitely after death (you'll hear a glass break sound and blood will stop appearing as your attacks connect) and it will be sacrificable, but it will not enter the post-death ""ready"" state until the combo stops. This means that part of maintaining control over the play space is ending your combos so that your dead enemies land out of the fray and you can sacrifice them freely.I also love the combo scoring system in this game. Each attack adds to the combo counter; hit two enemies with one strike, and it's two points. If you wait too long between attacks, or take damage, the combo ends. Most interestingly, if you whiff an attack, the combo also ends, meaning the game punishes you for striking toosoonafter knocking an enemy down or sending it skyward.As the game advances, you start gathering more soldiers. A solider is an extra life (if you fail a mission, you lose one, and the game ends when they're all gone), but it's also two missions in one turn. You can also play items and perform resource-consuming actions. On my first playthough, I had 4 empire cities and two soldiers by turn 6; by the time I beat the game, I was at turn 6 with half the map conquered and 6 soldiers ready to deploy. The strategy elements may not be strong (I enjoyed them plenty, but then I'm an amateur at the genre); I couldn't say. But they're definitely fun. The most interesting elements of the strategy board game are the ways it overlaps with combat: an event may offer a reward you need, but only IF you're skilled enough to take on the enemies depicted in the mission select without getting hit 3 times. Is the rare item worth the risk that you aren't good enough to do the bonus objective? And when you have one Aztez left and two missions, and one of them is to beat back the late-game invaders and the other is topermanentlyunlock a weapon in your loadout, it gets so much tougher to choose. Do you basically forfeit this entire run for a chance at a permanent unlock for the next game?The difficulty ramps up fast. The first turn is basically nothing but training dummies; by the 8th turn, you're in for the fight of your life and you're really considering ending a turn with free Aztez to deploy just to avoid risking their life. Enemies telegraph 3 types of attacks: yellow ones can be blocked (or parried), orange ones can only be parried (perfect block), and red ones have to be avoided. Attack hitboxes that are outside of the really obvious radius of ""right in front of the enemy"" are also usually telegraphed with red crosshairs or black lines where the danger will be. The game doesn't really become a ""bullet hell"" in the way that Furi does, but it definitely starts to approach something like one in the later fights. And the very-late-game enemies cannot be stunned by basic attacks, meaning you'll often find yourself entirely unable to control the play space, reduced to leaping like a lunatic around the arena trying to chip in damage and trigger staggers wherever you can.The game is over quick. Even if you don't die, you're likely to spend your first 3 or 4 runs under the impression that the late-game ""invaders"" (the Spanish army) simply cannot be defeated, and that the objective is to survive as long as you can. The first time you get to them with enough troops in reserve to push them back, you'll think you've uncovered a great secret, only for the credits to roll and reveal that there's much more you need to do to unlock the true ending. The game is designed to be played in short bursts, over and over, and each playthrough is different. Finally clear the game the right way, and you can try again with a different starting weapon for a whole new experience.The game is not without faults, however. The actual combo strings are very bare-bones (XXXXX, YYYYY) and while the utility of the other attacks is appreciated, a few more unique strings would have made for some nice variety. The weapon switching is slow and only works in limited circumstances (not while downed, for instance), but most of the attack variety comes from weapon variety, and some weapons areverysituational... and since equipping them impacts your mobility options, it can be annoying to be so locked-in.Worst of all,the levels are boring. I understand this is a combat game, not a platformer, but I feel like taking a cue from Super Smash and adding a few platforms or traps here and there would have done wonders for map diversity. Especially because levels are interchangeable; you play on a map, but mission locations are meaningless. You aren't limited in how far your troops can move, whether events occur in populated cities, rebelling cities, or others doesn't affect the experience, etc. It would have been much cooler if a Xicco mission meant spiked walls, and that influenced my choice to play it over a Ayahuaca mission.Overall, though, the game does something unique, in a really fun way, and it's definitely worth the low asking price"
76561198006718444,Recommended,244750,34421772,Posted: 22 August,all,Iovis,"Stellar. Amazing eye for detail as far as the worldbuilding goes - rather than grifting off the mesoamerican aesthetic like so much media does, Aztez works hard to place you firmly in the context of the Mexica and their imperial ambitions. From the tenuous power structure, to flower wars/festivals, to religion as the beating heart of society, the Aztec empire is presented in all of its glory and fragility.Combine all this with the fact that this game provided me with gameplay I've respectively been missing terribly (brawling/beat-em-up mechanics on par with classic Devil May Cry games/God of War/ & side scrollers like Double Dragon) and didn't even know I wanted (AZTEC BEAT-EM-UP XCOM!!!!) and Aztez is easily one of my favorite games of the last few years.Not for everyone, but for niche fans like me this scratches all the right itches.Two thumbs way up!"
76561197999987010,Recommended,244750,35121344,Posted: 21 September,all,Voltaire,"Replayability is really good, alot of weapons even on the fly weapon switching for some sick combos (inf combos are basic)Arena to get to know the bosses and parry, counter timings. In short there is alot of depth to be found and arena 55 the crucible will make you use all the cancels and combos you learned, even tho you only need the sword, having some knowledge of using the knife for air combos will make your life a little easier"
76561198122784868,Recommended,244750,35098498,Posted: 20 September,all,mob.mosqueda,Excelent
,Recommended,244750,35078278,Posted: 19 September,all,Shady Onion,"Only 3 hours into the game and I'm already doing insane combos that carry the enemies across the stage. I love this game as an avid smash bros fan and player. It has some rage inducing challenge to it.Although the shield enemies ♥♥♥♥ing suck.The ""strategy"" portion can feel limited at times, but the events change each time. However, this game has a very steep learning curve but a very high skill ceiling. You can really express yourself through various playstyles and weapons.9/10 would recommend to those who love spectacle brawlers and other fighting games.I do wish the cosmetics would do something though."
,Recommended,244750,35111009,Posted: 21 September,all,vegar the vile,Fun.  Challenging.
,Recommended,244750,35171745,Posted: 23 September,all,lonewolfgame,"Aztez is a very unique game that mashes beat-em up with turn based strategy, and it does it well!  I am more of a beat-em up player, so the beat-em up side of things are more relevant to me when playing the game than the strategy side.  I love the well thought out combo system, and its ode to Legacy of Kain's blood sucking to turn blood into special attacks and bonuses.  If you are a casual beat-em up player then this is probably not the game for you as the combat is deep and takes skill to learn and master.  If you love technical beat-em ups, with lots of combos, switching between weapons mid combo, and creating your own flow for your fighting style then this is perfect for you in terms of combat.  The areas are more of an arena then a level so there is not much in terms of exploring, rather you do that in the turn based side in the map.  You can unlock areas, choose missions, gain and use items in the strategy part of the game in between combat missions.  This part is interesting but the combat part is so well done, it almost seems like the strategy part is more of a rest area where you go to plan out your next move before hitting heavy in the beat-em up area.  This may put off some people who just like the action to flow, but I think it is a good fit for the game in terms of making it something unique and having you think about how you use your resources and what areas you choose to go do combat in.  There is not lives as in other beat-em up games, but rather Aztez warriors you use for combat.  In order to get more these you need to acquire via random items or gaining enough resources to purchase another Aztez (extra life basically).  This can be tough early in the game if you die and don't have the combat system down to continue.  So it is pretty much key to try and acquire another Aztez as soon as possible.  I really love this game, and can tell a lot of love has been put into the game, it's art and style as well as it's technical merits.  Pick this game up if you want a really in depth combat experience and lots of options to play.  Would love to see a versus mode or multiplayer mode in this!"
