user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198077705758,Recommended,244850,19057737,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,StoneBasilisk,"When I picked up this game, we didn't even have functioning weapons - The only way to damage other ships was to ram into them at top speed like a maniac, which generally left you as mangled as your target.Now we've got weapons, NPC ships, remote-controlled ships, radio communication, jump drives, solar power, oxygen, wheeled vehicles and three different kinds of thrusters to pick from. A few years ago the effective game world was a small cluster of asteroids floating in empty space, and now we have planets that are around 50-60 kilometers in radius.It's been a long and fun ride, and it shows no signs of stopping."
76561198058300124,Recommended,244850,10022132,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Maverick,"I just had an epiphany. Yes I did.Let me explain.All games I play I start on the hardest possible settings. I dislike easy mode because bad habits and the real intent of the developers never shines through. (The devs need to make games easy for some people because they're either time-poor or effort-poor and well, their money and wishes are just as important right?)And this does that. In SE, easy mode doesn't teach you anything. It's a ""Lego meet Asteroids"" style and some even called it for a ""Minecraft"" clone as a result. Add building block. Add another block, and another ad infinitum until you have spaceship. For me, it got boring quickly. It's called ""creative mode""- just... build.And then there's survivor mode - on hard. Whoa!! I struggled for the first few hours. With little in the way of documentation and no real clue as to what to do, it took me over an hour to work out how to build a single block from the remains of a craft crashed into an asteroid.First there's survival. Have I got enough uranium for power? Should I turn on the gravity generator? How can I save energy until I can salvage enough to.... live?I need to mine. I NEED fuel. I can mine using my included hand drill but it's... messy. Slow. Trite.So to mine I need a mining ship. To build a mining ship I need components. To make components I need an assembler. To use the assembler I need steel. I need glass. I need energy.And all I have is a drill. I have a grinder. I have a welder. And in my scenario, I have a ship I can salvage.Piece by piece with a grinder, all the while careful of my energy limit, my inventory. I need a refinery. The refinery is needed if salvage doesn't give me everything I need so I'll need raw material to convert to ingots, including uranium ore which I convert to processed uranium to fuel the reactor so I can do ALL these things.Do you see where this is going?To build my mining ship I need a mining drill. To build the drill I need motors, steel etc. Some of these can be salvaged. Some have to be made. Every component needs to located, transported, linked and welded. EVERY component. You need a plan. A rough sketch on what you intend to build helps alot. It gives you purpose because time is of the essence. if you're not watching and run out of fuel you're.... dead. No energy means no refining of uranium ore to refuel.It's a grind. And a weld. Yep. Grind and weld. Hour after hour floating in your pressure suit. Maybe you can leave the grav gen on and walk around, expending more of that precious reactor fuel. Who knows. The decisions you make determine what you build and how fast it's going to take.The flying is... space like. There's 3 dimensions. There's gravity. There's velocity. There's death. There's no attitude indicators, sky markers, ""horizon"" indicators, compasses or such.Fly too far, lose your bearings and home.... disappears.There are no fixed paths or objectives (apart from survive). It's a sandbox. And a multiplayer sandbox at that. Go public, lose it all or go ""friends only"" and do the hard yards with mates to build the biggest dang skyship ever made. There's missiles, guns, turrets, fire and light. Death. There's explosions, broken platforms, busted ships.Or there's serenity and wonder as you quietly go about your mining ship construction.The game caters for everybody from MP gung-ho blast'em players to SP anal-retentives with spreadsheets, CAD and a master plan.At alpha, a lot of the options are not as intuitive as I'd like. The UI is a bit invasive and some work could be done here. The universe is.... grey. I'm sure some awesome nebulae would fit in great here and add appeal to the wonder of space.There are glitches,  it's alpha as I write, but I've experienced no crashes. It's going to be good thing this Space Engineers and the devs seem happy to include...whatever people damn well please.7 hours went by in a single session. I'm only half through building my mining ship. I have no objective but to succeed.My epiphany? What is success in SE?It's when I finish this ship, I'll mine, refine, transport and assemble another. It'll be bigger. It'll do more. The welding torch will blind my eyes as I drift in and out of the superstructure boundaries, my suit energy draining away.I'm fascinated.THIS can only get better...9.5/10gg"
,Recommended,244850,10507381,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,DocGunSlinger,"Top 10 things not to do in Space Engineers.-Run out of uranium.-Set missile turrets to ""all moving objects"".-Crash.-Die.-Chase after random ships before setting a beacon.-Join a server titled ""we kill you in the face""-Forget to turn on your jet pack when stepping out of your ship.-Try to build a to-scale death star on an open server.-Try to park your now completed to-scale death star to close to an asteroid.-Join a open server titled ""hugs and helping hands"" because its real title should be ""we kill you in the face""Top 5 fun things to do in Space Engineers.-Build cool stuff.-Chase random ships *after* setting up a beacon.-Join a server titled ""we kill you in the face"" and kill them... in the face...-Crash the cool stuff you build into well... any thing, its actually rather funny...-Set missile turrets to ""all moving objects"" and then try to turn it off."
76561197970317536,Recommended,244850,7748398,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,the Earnest Octopus,"do you enjoy the oxygen-less vacuum of space that traverses a seemingly infinite distance? do you enjoy building things, perhaps vehicles for travelling through aforementioned space, or elaborate stations for docking said aforementioned vehicles when you are not travelling in the also aforementioned seemingly infinite oxygen-less space? do you enjoy destroying everything you've toiled hours away creating at high velocities with varied humorous results? if you answered yes to all of these questions, you should probably play space engineers. because you can do those things, plus alter gravity like an omniscient god, among other things as well. so play it."
,Recommended,244850,18631898,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Cappaco,"I couldn't recommend it more. As you can see from my time played, it is incredibly addictive. The gameplay is amazing, the ship building is an absolutely blast, and then using your ships is even more of a blast! (In more ways than one!) The community is one of the best on steam, and I think this game deserves that title too. :)"
76561198054265533,Not Recommended,244850,32706437,Posted: 23 June,all,Xanthyn,"To establish my credentials, I've logged nearly 1,000 hours in Space Engineers, and I have made a workshop submission that hit weekly first place and received a 5 star rating. I consider myself to be a very knowledgeable player. Heck, I even put my current gaming rig together SPECIFICALLY so that I could play Space Engineers. I love the idea of this game, and have layed awake nights dreaming of what I could build next.That being said, I can't recommend this game in it's current state, and it breaks my heart to do so. Development has been two steps forward and one-and-a-half steps back for a long time. The devlopers are on a weekly release schedule that sounds great, but VERY frequently results in weeks of an unplayable product due to previously solved bugs that are re-introduced to the code. The development team has also knowingly introduced extremely unpopular game elements (such as scratchy glass), and even introducing multiple iterations of the same poor design choice while pages upon pages of protesting user comments stack up. Many core gameplay elements have been added by community members through scripting and modding i nthe Workshop, but Keen has a habit of alienating community contributers by breaking scripts/mods with undocumented changes.Keen CEO Marek Rosa has more or less stepped away from leadership on Space Engineers in order to spend his time on a general AI company, and the resulting lack of leadership has had a significant impact on the game I once loved. I am still hopeful that reviews like this one will serve as a wake up call to the developers, and that the game will eventually become stable, rich, and populated. At that time, I would be more that happy to delete this review and post a positive one. However, until we see a serious 180 on some of these persistent issues, I (and many others) will be taking a break from Space Engineers and keeping an eye on competing titles."
,Recommended,244850,8749197,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,KHORNE FLAKES,"Made a ship that looked like the male genitalia. I crashed it into a station that looked like the female genitalia now. 10/10 game.Edit: Since this damn review is getting so much attention with this game, I should actually mention that it is seriously one of the best sandbox style games I've ever played. Every update makes this game so much better. Buy it."
,Not Recommended,244850,25460450,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Chip Patton,"It's Dead JimWhile some will disagree the game is simply dying, if not dead already, one thing is fact, the steam forums are dead.THE PROBLEMSThis game as suffered from a bad stroke of development since it went multiplayer even ignoring all the optimization issues that still exist with the game. For most, playing singleplayer just gets boring after a while as you basically just build a ship in creative.  Building a ship in survival was just pointless because there was utterly nothing to do.So, many players took to multiplayer, which by concept had the potential to be a megaton of fun.  Imagine it for a moment, you are building your ship and a player comes by to try and steal it, you turn around and open fire with your assault rifle, and your ship comes to life and helps to defend itself.  VICTORY!  Now, imagine a large ship with 4 - 8 people on that ship helping to man everything from guns, to inventory, to even drones or small ships in a mining operation.  The sheer coordination required by that would be intresting in of itself to make this game GOTY worthy.Alas, that is not at all what it delivered.  If your ship moves, any passengers have about a 424242% chance to die for no reason other than neglegent programming. In fact, almost 42424% of your deaths were from bugs. And if that isn't bad enough, 4242424242% of the time your ship was destroyed from bugs.  Now, I'm actually refrencing a Dedicated Server with a 32 core Xeon, 1TB system that my guild ""tried"" playing on. Hardware was not the issue as it never was, it is the software -- that neglegent programming./geek stuffThe game currently uses the steam netlayer which is capable of 33 updates per second.  That means that in one second, the server and client can send 66 updates back and forth to/from each other.  When a ship moves at 5 meters per second, the netlayer is already saturated with physics calculations and simply can't take any more because there is just so much ""junk"" being sent through the netlayer that it was never intended to handle.  There are other netlayers out there, even the moderators said they would move to Rakknet, in which we later found was a lie.  The developers never intended to move the game to rakknet which has a update capability of over 100 updates per second vastly expanding the maximum speed in which a ship can fly before the netlayer becomes saturated and causes ""bouncing"" of the ship./end geek stuffTHE CULPRITSI tried to help.  I am a programmer myself and being the game was open source to those who paid for it, I examined the source code and how the game interfaced with the steam netlayer -- honesly it was simply as I stated, there was simply too much stuff being sent over the netlayer, some of which shouldn't even be there and some a conversion to lockstepping could help alieviate.So, I created a client and server side wrapper that provided an alternate method of transfering ""some"" of the data. It was simply a bandaid as it did have its bugs but the concept was solid, especailly in demondstrating what the problem was while there was a heated debate in the forums about what that problem really was.I asked a complete stranger in the forums to join my server and help me test something, basically after I had finished my prototype, they joined my server with the changes installed and they were absolutely blown away.  The server had no bouncing or rubber banding.  When you looked straight down at your ship's floor while it was traveling 120m/s, you could only see the ship wabble 1-2 pixels on your crosshair, which was an absolute night and day diffrence between not having my fixes which the wobble could be upwards of 50 meters, which would cause instant death.I took video of this just for posterity and posted it in the forums (Sorry Twitch has already deleted the video).  The fanbois were P I S S E D!  But why, I wondered.  It took me a while but I figured it out, it took one of the fanbois only one comment to completely explain to me why they were all so upset -- I proved their precious KSH wrong, and showed them up by fixing the game for them!  Did you know I was called a fraud? The guy I had just met was called a fraud, the video was called a fake, and you don't even want me to get into all the names I was called in that thread while the moderators utterly ignored every word.  No seriously, every word until of course, the guy I met spoke out and defended himself in much kinder tones in which he recieved a ban.I know one of the moderators and I'm not pointing fingers, I don't know which was responsible or if it was someone from Keen that did it.  But there was a new precedent set that day in the forums, that much was quite obvious: Fanbois, ala the majority, rules.DIGRESSIONThis problem of fandom was first revaled to me after the ""Cyberhound"" patch.  Immediately after, before anyone had access to it there were comments from the fancamp praising Keen for a job well done, calling the update awewsome, perfect, exceptional, epic, and one even called it couragous! It was sheer spam.After I got the patch, I logged into the game to find that these cyberhounds randomly spawn inside your ship and immediately and without warning blow it up from the inside out.  Try and digest what I just said if you haven't purchased or played this game yet.  Immediately and very angryly I go back to the forums to the patch notes and to my surprise I see it going completely nuts with people complaining about the ""Jihad Dogs"".  The moderator I am in contact with even said it was the hardest he's had to work so far to keep the comments within reason and in line with the rules.It was so bad, there was an emergency patch that was pushed to toggle these dogs off.  This one incident illuminates so much about the woes of this game, community, and developers that it may take a few reads to actually grasp the gravity of it, but being limited in text, I will make an attempt here.Firstly it was made clear that Keen could urinate in the fancamp's mouth and the fancamp would thank them for the rain while at the same time attacking anyone who questioned the pungent smell, warm tempeture, and golden color.  A critic's feedback never reaches Keen, and the developers have become so disconnected with the community it is almost laughable and pathetic to see them attempt to re-connect (that is a whole other story there).The last attempt was the most miserable.  A Q&A where Keen scripted the entire thing and selected on their most rabid fans to participate. No critics were allowed a signle question, and there were no questions that caught Keen offguard. It was more of a political forum than a Q&A.But what it boils right down to is with the critics now gone, the fanbois have lost intrest in the game, no one plays, no one talks on the forums, and there is no more healthy debate and discourse with the developers, the game: It is dead.  May it rest in peace while fandom burns in hell.What you see now is the skeletal remains of an awesome idea where like a cancer, fanbois invaded the inner circles of the developers and tricked them into thinking that everything was ok while slowly killing them. By the time the developers realized there was an issue, which was a few months back when Merik came back to the game, it was simply too late, the damage was done.  Fanbois seem rather hellbent to having this game die a slow and painful death; they seem to somehow think or believe ""they are the game"" by identifying as the game and therefor feel it necessary to attack all criticism -- suicide.There are many ways for a game to ""go"", but never, until this game, would I have guessed for a second that raving group of fanbois could actually achieve the death of a game. This game is a casestudy for the books and a prime example of who not to listen to when developing a EA game."
76561198140039543,Recommended,244850,32299525,Posted: 9 June,all,That Blind Person,"1,000 hours, I enjoyed them too.Most of those hours were pre-planets.As painful as it is for me to say this, Space Engineers was, and sadly still is nothing more than Marek Rosa's ""Kick Starter"" for a completely different company called ""Good AI"" KSH lost most of its senior staff and programmers for this new company, and SE has gone completely downhill since, Planets being the last ""Gift"" the original team left us.Look at it now....persistant bugs that existed pre-beta still alive and kicking, new, more nefarious bugs created by the inexperienced staff leftover from the original KSH (or maybe just cheap hired help) and planets that have been expanded on exactly zero times.Wait....nefarious bugs? ones that corrupt and subsequently delete every player-made blueprint.....yep, those exist too.I only recommend this game if it's on sale, 50% or more. There is fun to be had, just don't expect any ground breaking progress. The only thing keeping this game alive is modders, props to them.Any potential this game had left with the original staff."
,Recommended,244850,13405543,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,PBE|Bizarro,"I usually dislike early access games. I usually take a fat pinch of salt when I see new 'build your own' style game comes come onto Steam too. Not in this case. Space Engineers has quickly earned a spot in my all time favorite PC games for its dynamic and engaging construction system and it's got one of the coolest looking destruction systems I've ever seen in a game like this. The devs have been keeping up with weekly updates since its launch and they're very involved with the community. As a matter of fact, player made content will be appearing as randomly spawned ships in the upcoming exploration patch.The construction system is very simple, even familiar for most people I'm sure. It's like Minecraft, in that you're building pretty much everything out of blocks, but that's where the similarities end. Ships are made by sticking a power plant, cockpit, a couple gyroscopes and thrusters (In every direction by the way! Space has no gravity or atmosphere so your ship needs forward thrusters to slow down, etc), maybe a few weapon systems. Then you have to hook up conveyor pipes to most of those things to power them with resources and components you get from mining asteroids. Ships can be as big or as small as you like, the only real limit is how much your PC can handle. Everything from little scout fighters, mining ships, frigates, fighter carriers and even humongous titan-sized battleships can be built. Yes, you could even build your own Death Star, but you might have to wait a little while for a working Superlaser. Or you could just mod your own Superlaser into the game, because Space Engineers has a modding API and a fully fledged Steam Workshop page that's already crammed with all sorts of player created content.There's also an integrated blueprints system (And a corresponding hologram projector for constructing saved blueprints from scratch) so you can save ships and carry them over to other servers/maps, or if the first ship you had gets destroyed and you want a replacement, you can just ctrl-v it into the game after selecting it from the blueprints menu. Very very handy.Ships and stations crumple, tear and otherwise deform when they take damage, whether you're hosing them down with lead, setting off explosions or just smashing into eachother for fun. You can see the damage your ship takes over time as holes, scratches, dents and warping are modelled into most blocks. Even portions of your ship can be sheared off and cause extra damage as they free float in space, getting knocked around and causing even more havoc as they get caught on your ship and tear it apart from the inside if you're not careful. The same rules apply to your enemy too though. It's very exciting and sometimes anxiety-inducing, the way combat works.There are two gameplay modes currently, survival and creative. Survival mode lets you build everything from scratch and assemble it together using the various ingame tools you're provided with. Everything needs to be constructed piece by piece and you're limited by how many resources you have and what kind of tools you have available. You can mount bigger and better drills, welders and grinders onto your ships after you acquire enough supplies.Creative mode is exactly what it sounds like; you have free reign to do whatever you like in the galaxy and everything is constructed instantly the second you place it down.A pretty solid multiplayer mode with player-created factions and servers was patched in a while ago. It even supports mods. I haven't spent a lot of time online aside from on my own private server I play with one or two friends on but there's practically no change between offline and online gameplay aside from some occasional connectivity and performance issues.The multiplayer still needs quite a bit of polishing, as does the overall performance of the game, but so far it's come together very very nicely and I expect I'll put another fifty hours or so into the game before it's released.If you're into Star Wars, Battlestar Galactica, Warhammer 40k or any other scifi genre, buy this game. You'll thank me later."
76561198001665911,Not Recommended,244850,19578239,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,RemClone,"I have a deep love for this game, but lately this has been fading deeper and deeper into disappointment.I bought it on sale a bit over a year ago, I think it was about $10 at the time, which for 350+ hours of time in a game is certainly money well spent.  Many of these 350 hours were enjoyable, and if you'd asked me 6 months ago whether to buy this game, I 100% would have told you to go for it.The conceptual design of the game is amazing.  The way the ships lock together through all the different engineering features is just plain awesome.  The dynamic nature and wide range of build options will unleash your creative child, and you'll find yourself spending many hours nutting out tricky designs to see what works best.The community is even better.  The people I've met playing SE have usually been mature and fun to play with.  There's always a few exceptions .. but hey, we're gamers, right?  The mod community is extremely active and you can find a mod for just about anything.So why won't I recommend this game?  Well ...It's buggy.And by buggy I don't just mean buggy in an annoying way.  I mean buggy in a way that will progressively drive you crazy.With early access, this is normally forgivable.  Early access itself comes with an implicit promise that the developer will eventually fix most (if not all) of the bugs and eventually release the game.  So paying cash for something in early access usually involves developing a thick skin for the bugs.  I knew this going in, and it didn't stop me.But after 2 years in early access, a disappointing pattern has been emerging with this game.  I don't think that the person responsible for prioritising the work for SE actually plays the game.  If they did, they would likely be running things very differently.At the moment SE is running a weekly release cycle.  Mid to late in the week, the developers push out an update containing features and often a few fixes.  The root problem seems to be that each update brings too many features, and not enough fixes.The result is that over time, what initially started as a fairly simple physics sandbox game has evolved into a massively ambitious project full of unfinished features.  Almost every time a feature is released, it gets 90% done, then left on a shelf.  Sometimes the 10% isn't that important, and the feature is worthwhile.  More often the 10% is something rather critical (like ability to work in multiplayer) and the feature simply becomes a point of frustration, as you spend hours trying to make it work or basing designs off it, only to have it fail you in the worst possible ways.I have very limited experience in games development, but 15 years in the software industry have taught me that letting the bugs stack up is a really bad way to develop a product.  The longer a bug remains in software, the harder it is to fix.  The more you stack on an unstable codebase, the buggier it gets.  The SE forums are completely littered with bug reports, many of them very serious.  The developers know about the bugs, but instead of fixing them, they just add more features.I don't think this is going to end well for SE.  At the time of writing this review, I can no longer stand to play the game through the seemingly endless number of bugs that plague it.  It's starting to look like one of two things will happen:1. SE will stay in early access forever.  It will continue to sell copies.  The developers will keep adding features.  The bugs will keep stacking up, until some critical level is reached where people get so frustrated that the review standings and sales plummet.  Development then scales back (or stops) and the game is left in early access.2. SE will leave early access in a buggy state, not with the level of stability expected in a finished product.  This will in turn lead to lots of disappointed people, bad ratings, and probably a collapse in sales and support.I want Keen Software to prove me wrong in this.  I would LOVE for them to prove me wrong, and get SE out of early access into a stable state where it can be as awesome as it deserves to me.  But with every feature release, I lose a little more faith.  This seems to be a constant problem with the approach of funding games using early access - there is no commercial incentive to ever actually leave early access.So it looks like SE for me will remain a broken dream.  To anyone that is considering buying this game, I recommend first taking a look at Empyrion - its build system isn't yet as sophisticated but even in its very early days I found it much more stable than SE.But if you can't resist and you really want to buy the game, be careful with the following features.  They will give you little but frustration:- Pistons and Rotors (these mess up the centre of gravity in ships, and intermittently cause massive unexplained velocity/damage - especially in multiplayer)- Wheels (no effective brakes + other physics bugs)- Small ship conveyors (these don't bridge effectively with normal conveyors. The blocks that connect them are intemittently unreliable)- Landing gear (hitching and physics issues, especially in multiplayer), connectors are better- Batteries on complex power grids (when combined with reactors and solar panels, these need to be micro-managed.  It's improved recently, but will still drive you crazy)- Projectors (these will destabilise servers in multiplayer, giving big crash issues.  Big loss as there's no way to move ships to survival mode without them)- Large ships and complex worlds (the game server itself seems to run all ticks on a single thread, so any more than 1 CPU core is wasted.  This means there's no way it can scale as ships get bigger and worlds get more complex.  Everything just slows down)- Ships parked on unlevel planet surfaces in multiplayer (jerks around like crazy, can be very disappointing as it often destroys the ship)---------- 15th January 2016There's been some interesting developments lately for the SE project.  Marek Rosa (the controller/owner of Keen Software and first dev on the SE project) has taken a renewed interest in the game and earlier this week, he did a live stream over twitch where he played it online.  The stream was very revealing as it showed how little exposure Marek has had to the current state of the game.  Over most of the stream, he was chatting with the other devs and pointing out issues with the game that he wanted to see fixed.  More information on this here -https://www.reddit.com/r/spaceengineers/comments/40jbfk/marek_rosa_says_this_is_♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t_to_space/It's become pretty clear that many of the development problems in SE have originated from a gap in leadership.  Marek seems to have realised this and is taking serious steps to exert more control over the project.  Today he posted a lengthly article consisting of a very long list of issues with the game he wants to see addressed, with a strongly worded commitment to fix bugs and get the product out of an early access state -http://blog.marekrosa.org/2016/01/the-ksh-roadmap-for-2016-space_14.htmlI find this very encouraging.  Perhaps there is hope for SE yet.  Considering the current broken state of the game, I'm not yet ready to recommend it to others, but I do think this is one to watch.  If Keen can make significant progress towards fixing SE in 2016, it may just become a game worth buying."
76561198112059304,Recommended,244850,13963659,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Pannacone,"It took us hours to build, and hours more to paint, but when it was done, our station was top notch: three designated landing pads, a central control hub to maintain the station's sytsems, a player hub filled with medical bays and storage space, and two full refinery-assembler combos. My partner in crime placed the blocks. I welded them in place and splashed some paint on it all once the basic shape of it was finished. It was not large, but it was clean, functional, and designed with sophistication.  It was ours, and we had built it out from the tiny little square of space we had started with, turned it into our own little command post lodged in the side of an otherwise unnoteworthy asteroid.The ships came first, though. Without the ships, there were no resources to build with. First was the mining ship. We equipped it with four sets of drills and my partner took it out on missions to gather more resources. He was gone, and so I built our second ship: a fast little cruiser made only to get from one place to the next or to scout out potential mining sites. We called it the Toad. And so we settled into a routine: I would take the Toad out and find a nice planet ready for excavation and he would go plow into it with the mining ship. We unloaded the materials. We assembled them into parts. We put those parts into the blocks he had put down. We toiled. We slaved. We built and built and built.And when it all was done? When everything was in place? What did we do then? Did we recline in our player base? Did we look out over the catwalk railing and say, ""Look what we have built from nothing. Admire our structure."" Did we bask in the glory of a hard fifteen hours of work?No. We planned. We created. We started on the true project, the beginning of our empire: the Mothership.It was designed to be bigger than our entire station: two refineries of its own, three storage containers, twelve gigantic thrusters, enough room in the hangars to store both of our ships (and possibly more), several medical bays to respawn in—and one ridiculously enormous ship. We placed the first block above our station. And then another and another, until the massive frame of it started to block out the light. It was a monolith to our own accomplishments, a totem of sheer ingenious design and willpower. Not a block was out of place, not a single reactor was missing.And then we ran out of resources. The frame was all done, but the blocks couldn't be finished without more steel plates. We need iron—a lot of iron. So away my partner went! He climbed into the mining ship, steered it towards our latest excavation site and gunned the engines. He hit max speed. He piloted the ship around the end of the ghost-like frame of the Mothership. And then it happened—the unthinkable: he ran out of fuel.Pop Quiz: An object in motion . . .Stays in motion. And he clipped it. He clipped the mother ship. Grazed right off of it and, with no way to stop the mining ship from moving forward, had to bail out of the ship before it carried him away to oblivion. There was a panicked rush to mount a rescue of our mining ship by using the Toad to chase after it so we could supply the mining ship with the fuel its reactor needed to activate the reverse thrusters and stop the ship.We gathered the fuel. We undocked the ship. We prepared to launch. Then, with the slow, heart-pounding realization of a horror film, a shadow passed over the Toad.  We looked up at the Mothership, our entire view eclipsed by its awesome mass. We dropped our tools and stared in gut-twisting horror.The whole thing.Tilting.Spinning.Moving.Crashing.This is what happens when you let normal people pretend like they're Space Engineers."
,Recommended,244850,7560544,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Old Spice Odor Blocker,"BUY IT!It's an epic space building game where you build spaceships and stations with weapons and awesome destruction physics that is definately worth your attention, but be aware - currently it is in alpha.PLUS it has received a Multiplayer update! Go ahead, buy this game if you like space build and wreck your friends' ships!"
,Recommended,244850,10641448,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cruentare,I cannot suggest this game more. Almost 700 hours in 3 months and I'm still not bored of it. Weekly updates keep the game development progressing.
,Recommended,244850,32029175,Posted: 28 May,all,tynril,"I was looking for a game that would give me some of the feels I got from playing Factorio. I picked Space Engineers up, and spent a hundred hours on it in a couple of weeks. It's a deeply engaging experience.I recommend playing the ""Star System"" mode, and to start with the planetary lander. You start in a ship, flying in the atmosphere of a planet, which you can't leave (because the ship only has atmospheric thrusters, which only work when an atmosphere exists), but you can fly around until you find the perfect landing spot. Once you get there, start scraping your ship to collect material to establish your first base. From there, the world's your oister. Expand the base, make mining vehicles, explore the planet, set up outposts, ... And when you feel ready, make a rocket, and take off for the stars. If you're lucky, your rocket will be powerful enough for you to leave the planet's gravity well, and you'll be ready to make your first space station! Then of course, you will need a new space mining ship, a shuttle to get back and forth from planets and moons, a mothership to store your stuff and your ships, something to defend against pirates, ... And I haven't talked about the multiplayer yet.Just writing this review makes me want to play some more."
76561198236303334,Recommended,244850,23362483,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,☕,"Rules to play.Start gameTry to build awesome spaceship.Realise you don't know how to do that.Wander around for a awhile.You see something in the distance.Three people building a large space ship.Ask to join them.Shot in the faceTheres only one thing left to do.RevengeYou track them down,watching,waiting for a whole hour.When finally they leave their ship for a resource run.Fly into their ship and take control.Fly away as the enemy takes chase screaming that I'm a ♥♥♥ and a dead man.Asteroid storm reduses the ship into drifting husk.Enemy boards the remains.Three guns aimed at me in the command room.(Enemy 1) You peice of ♥♥♥♥ you stole our ship just because you to dumb to figure out how to build something yourself.(Me) That's not quite true after all I figured out to build the bomb behind me.Enemy (2) What.(Me) Goodbye GentlemenBOOM10/10 Would kill myself again"
,Recommended,244850,18510758,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Brebera,It's like Minecraft in space.  Except there are almost no bricks. And no mines. And no stupid community. And great developres. So its everything but minecraft in space.Everybody should buy this (except Microsoft).
,Recommended,244850,13646249,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,-ooo-(0¿0)-ooo-,"Space engineers.... What can I say? Its the best space sandbox out there. During my time playing it, i've started a faction, held destruction derbies, crashed massive ships into one another, and build beautiful stations inside asteroids. I've spent over an hour searching for cobalt to make a single ore detector, constructed a walking robot only to see it destroyed by a stray asteroid, and built a ridiculously fast ship to stab other ridiculously fast ships with. I made something orbit before Spherical Gravity Generators were added. I can't describe the amount of fun I've had with this game. The devs are awesome, theres an incredible new update every week, and the community is amazing. So, do I recommend it? Hell yes."
76561198036560735,Recommended,244850,13184074,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bellatoris1026,"As you can see, I'm only 6 hours into this game, but I've watched hours of others playing, tutorials, and guides in order to get a better hang of things. Even though it's early access, this feels like a whole title. Even if the developers were to drop it completely (which they show zero signs of doing), it would still be worth $20. Some quick pro/cons:PRO:+Massive creative potential.+Good modding community.+Strong multiplayer.+Active and player-friendly developers.CON:-Difficult UI. I had to look up tutorials on YouTube to get a decent idea of how to do things (Thanks, Gas Bandit!).***This has since been fixed with a tutorial! Told you the developers were awesome.-Little guidance, expects you to tough out the rookie mistakes and learn***Again, see above edit. Developers are awesome.-Brutal PvP online. Do NOT go online without playing single player first and getting the hang of things.I love this game. It's tough on your computer, though. It runs on my laptop, but barely. Definitely stick with smaller ships and maps unless you have a monster gaming PC. With a little help regarding the UI, some optimization to improve performance, and just more of what the devs have been doing, by the time this hits 1.0 it will be one of the best games of it's kind.TL;DR- This game is good, doesn't feel like early access. Make sure to check the min/rec'd specs, as it's pretty demanding of your PC. Watch tutorials online (check out Gas Bandit on YouTube) to not be a noob floundering and dying for 3 hours straight.EDIT: My laptop has 4 GB of RAM, i3 M370 2.4 GHz (I think. Computer stuff isn't my thing). I stay on small world settings, very few asteroids, basically bottom end graphics. If you can run Skyrim, Civ 5, Kerbal Space Program, then you can run this. Maybe not at full power, but it works, and its pretty dang fun."
,Recommended,244850,19047135,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Akea,"To make a long review short... This game is fantastic, and you'll hate every hour you spend on it.--- To Begin ---I have been a part of the Space Engineers community for quite a very long time. Although at first, the game was still being developed (as in... Before weapons, detonations, and the etc existed at all). By then, I enjoyed the game for a while however was never extremely hardcore into it. This all ended up changing around the past month and so however. With the introuction of new community groups, factions, and of course mods, (also of course the content being added every week) the game has never had a segment of any real 'boredom'.--- Graphics ---The graphics on this game are done pretty well for many of the Sandbox Sims I have seen out and around. It is noted though, that to run this game on higher graphics settings you -will- require an at least decent PC to run this game sufficiently. There are of course a few glitches with the Early Access still above, such as a few lighting and shading bugs here and there, and the occasional block bug ot glitch. Overall though, the graphics and physics are all well and nice to look at (for the hours you will spend in the realms of space), of course.--- Gameplay ---The gameplay is something that will vary depending on you yourself. If you enjoy building new (NOT FEATURED!)land, orbital, or space creations; enjoy exploring the infinite fields of asteroids, (NOW FEATURED!)planets, moons, and simply space; and would want to join the already growing and very friendly, creative and supportive community, then this is the game for you! The gameplay is fairly simple to a certain degree, the building being commonly referred to as 'minecraft in space'. This, however, changes drasticly past the simple placement of blocks, such as the production chains from mineral ore, to basic materials that can be processed into components that then are used to build and create each block in the game. This is a game where commonly you would want to play with a friend or even more (the more the better!).--- Community ---The Space Engineers Community is one of (if not the) most active and creative communities I have grown to be a part of on Steam. The Workshop houses hundreds of thousands of player-made creations ranging from spaceships of combat, commerce, and civilian use, as well as stations of all types, ground vehicles and orbital ships, as well as now including land bases. There are also an array of hundreds of player factions, from pirates and mercccenaries of war, to civilian trading corporations and industrial commerce administrations. There is never a shortage of player-created factions, and it is always a great idea to find one that suits your interests best, and join in to meet other and new friends, and to share designs, tips, and your own universe experiences.--- Concluding ---Overall, Space Engineers is a wonderful game. Although there are of course bugs, errors, and situations that occur, this is  still in Early Access. The game itself is doing quite well so far, and I, alike many many others, are excited to see what will be released next. The release of planets today is a revolutionary new feature as well (Although it is a bit of a framerate kill on weaker PCs). Multiplayer still does have a bit of connection and server bugs, however it is functional and does work for the majority (though most problems I have experienced were from the server hosts themselves).All in all, a great game, and I recommend it for any space, simulator, or sandbox fan.Always remember, have fun! Fly Safe! (^-^ )7"
76561198086576034,Recommended,244850,18243033,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Reggy Bidness,"my Space Engineers experience1. buy game2. learn how to play game via tutorials etc.3. play for a long♥♥♥♥♥time4. get bored and stop playing5. come back a month later6. 9,000,000 updates7. open game8. mind explodesthank god for active devs"
,Recommended,244850,24895563,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Vie,"Found my friend on the planet surfaceCannibalized our shipsBuilt a shackBuilt a truck to haul resourcesBuilt a small flyer to search for more resourcesBuilt a much larger truckDug out an underground baseBuilt a launch padBuilt our first ship to go to spaceCrash and burnAdd thrustersAdd more thrustersMake it to space (feeling of accomplishment)Return to planet and make a rocket ship with living quartersReturn to spaceFarm asteroidsBuild our first space stationStart building space shipsThis was all done in the survival mode, and I had a great time playing it."
76561198025391137,Recommended,244850,17100809,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,madbillyblack,"If this game were only creative mode, it would still be one of the greatest games ever made.  I used to describe the game as 'Minecraft in Space', but I think that analogy falls very short of the truth.  I've seen people build things in this game that just boggle the mind.  One person used a simple set of rotors to make a tank tread that was far more amazing than if the programmers had just put a stock tank tread component into the game.  Another person used a series of timers to build an autonomous mining drone that could be set loose to gather materials while the player performed other tasks.  The key word in the title of this game isn't 'Space', it's 'Engineers'."
76561198007518593,Recommended,244850,7979484,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Yadro,"Do you like Space? NASA? Sci-fi?Do you like Gmod? Minecraft? Legos?Do you like Destruction? Building? Physics?If you said yes to 3+ of the things above, you might be a Space Engineer! Build ships, space stations, and mine for metals in the asteroid belt.Its in Alpha, so help support it! Also Multiplayer is AWESOME!!!!"
,Not Recommended,244850,32707566,Posted: 23 June,all,Spectre25,"I had high hopes for this game in the beginning, it was easy to play, challanging occasionally and once upon a time had a semi decent multiplayer state.Now though, after almost 2500hrs put into the game the Devs have still not fixed any of the major issues. Opting to rather patch over patches thus every few weeks undo a patch they made and releasing a game breaking bug back into the game. And they still do not have a stable Multiplayer.This latest update (1.181.3) has done it for me. I can not in good conscious, continue supporting a company that refuses to fix their game properly. Who refuses to listen to the community and start over on the source code like they did for Medival Engineers. Who refuse to follow their road map they originally published.The latest update has made my new desktop perform like my old laptop used to when running this game.My rig is a Asus z170 MB, Intel i7 6700k 4.0ghz CPU, 32gb 2666mhz ddr4 Ram, GTX 1080 8gb GPU, with a 650w PSU. Space Engineers used to run at a stable 120fps with a 1.0 sim speed for the past 5 months that I have had this desktop. Now, it performs at an unstable 40fps and 0.6 sim speed. That is about how well my 6 year old laptop ran this game before upgrading to the desktop.Yes I have tried the fixes, a newly generated world brings the game back to the 120fps / 1.0 sim speed. But the vast majority of worlds I work in can not have their structures moved do to their large scale. Also turrets are broken and will only target players and not player owned objects and Pistons and rotors explode at random, still.This game should not be in Beta as it stands, it should still be in alpha. Beta is for Fine tuning and reballancing... Not Game changing / Game Breaking updates!"
,Recommended,244850,13779171,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Red Ocean,Like Minecraft but for smart people. So be smart and buy it.
76561198037749121,Not Recommended,244850,31071298,Posted: 10 April,all,komputorgeek,"Space Engineers...When I first found the game it was a very enjoyable game. They added exploration in an infinite universe and the game was even more awesome. Yes, it had some bugs, some were even painful, but most had workarounds....so far I've put over 2500 hours into it...in the neighborhood of 14 non-stop weeks worth of playing.......And then the dev's 'improved' the game, providing a steady flow of features the majority of players don't care about and in the process not only failed to fix the preexisting bugs but introduced more bugs as they went. If the devs stopped all development and stabilized what is already there and put thier focus on fixing the bugs the players have been complaining about since the beginning and THEN once the code is stable moving forward with new features only after ensure they aren't reintroducing old bugs, then it woud be a good game. As is it is usually unplayable and not worth the time at any price and I would not recommend it....nor will I play it, other than to periodically start it up and test the same major broken things.If the day comes that Keen finally fixes the game then I will change my review. So long as they continue to develop without first fixing the preexisting problems I will continue to give them the thumbs down they deserve."
76561198123628313,Recommended,244850,24922359,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MuTzI,"better than no mans sky,"
,Not Recommended,244850,33538626,Posted: 14 July,all,Sir Wafflez,"I want to like this game, I really do, it's a really good time killer but often i find myself struggling to find things to do.Space engineers has excellent creative freedom, allowing you to build any ship/base you can think of, however it's strength is also it's greatest weakness in that once you build these ships there is a limited amount of things you can do with them, because of this singleplayer in particular becomes quite boring rather quickly.Creative mode is probably the best aspect of this game, however the problem of limited things to do is here too, as the already small addition of survival aspects and rescource collecting are removed entirely, leaving you with just ship building. The workshop community are fantastic builders though, hats off to them for the stuff they make.The game does support mods, and often servers will have several to add on to the vanilla rescources, again here the workshop community is great and I can't knock them at all.Speaking of community, multiplayer SHOULD be the redeeming factor for this game, but it falls short.There's no inscentive for friendly player interaction or trust outside of private servers; more often than not players will group with their mates and hide off in the far corners of the universe, never to be seen again. This is because the build time/destruction time ratio is so huge that players have no reason to trust anyone or pick anything resembling a fair fight (Which, in itself, is rare) which makes pvp scarce and one-sided, even on servers dedicated to it.Servers often struggle to meet the needs of a dozen players, which heavily contrasts the expansivness of the game worlds, making servers feel flimsy and empty.I imagine a game with huge player corperations duking it out for territory with frequent fleet battles, abit like EVE online but with voxel building, and i'll scream off the rooftops about this game if that ever comes to be.Until then I can't recommend this game. Unless of course you like building things; by all means get it then, it's good at that atleast."
,Recommended,244850,7807116,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Beebz,1. make spaceships2. smash space ships3. go to 1.
76561198155757283,Recommended,244850,13176623,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,MegaSimCity,"If you're thinking about getting this game. Get this game.If you're not thinking about getting this game. Get this game.If you have 48 hours left to live, spend them playing this game.If you have a girlfriend/boyfriend. Dump them and get this game.If you have to take the MCAT in 5 weeks like I do. Too bad, get this game.Get. This. Game.<Got a 32 on the MCAT. Get this game.>"
76561198162999977,Recommended,244850,23111579,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jarl Axel Svarrson,"Been putting this off for a while now, but due to recent spates of negative reviews i think it would be a good idea to make one, if only to make people more aware.First off before the actual review i will write a warning to newer players.This game is unfinished, do not judge it based on its current bugs as they are being fixed.People who claim that development is taking too long need to realize that this was being developed by a very small dev team for quite some time until relatively recently (and a good portion of the current dev team is fairly new to game development), that they are working on two games at once (medieval engineers), and that they used better part of a year developing planets at the demands of the community (which a few members of the long term community think was a mistake. That is open to speculation). In other words, cut them some slack.This game is EXTREMELY GPU and RAM intensive, i do not suggest running it with less than 8gbs, (16 recommended). Also bear in mind that some planets will refuse to load on low end GPUs and that others will run badly. For example you will run Mars at 30 odd fps on a GTX 750ti, 50-60 on a 980. Earth and the alien planet will run at 50-60 fps on a GTX 980ti (basically a titan x with less vram). I also hear that AMD cards and CPUs run worse than their Intel and Nvidia counterparts, though this is inconsitant.As such i STRONGLY suggest you stay away from planets if you have a weaker GPU, i can manage 40fps on intel integrated graphics in space.Multiplayer is currently broken, though new netcode is on the way and indications are that it is nearly complete. Stay away from dedicated servers until it drops, private games with 2-6 people run perfectly fine for the most part, though i do not recommend using pistons and rotors, they will invoke to wrath of Clang (the patron god of Space engineers and utter ruin).That just about covers it for the warning, i will add more as i either remember things or otherwise find out more.---------------------Now, for the actual review.Space engineers is a semi realistic sci-fact voxel based building and exploration game (emphasis on the building part).In this game you will build, mine and fight pirates (single player) and other players (multiplayer) in the hope of creating massive battleships to oppress the peasants, and defend what you own.You can build basically any ship from movies, other games and TV series, or something original (but mostly you will end up building flying bricks due to your lack of aesthetic skill), the only limits are your imagination, and your computer.Mining for resources is actually very fun in this game due to deformable terrain.The fighting part could use a little work, but it does the job fine for the moment.The exploration element is similar (if not somewhat superior) to that found in Elite: Dangerous, difference being the main reasons are to find a nice looking place for a base, look for resources, or if you have both, look for the community made ships that are placed extremely infrequently across the galaxy. Rather than just to have your name on a planet, though you can do that too if you really want.The UI is, to be honest a little daunting at first, but it does the job.The graphics are some of the best in the genre, and the models and effects are currantly being improved.The music is decent (love the title screen song), but after a while you get a little tired of it.The modding community is absolutely fantastic, on par if not better than the Skyrim one.Infact the community in general is superb for the most part. Probably the best i have found yet.The game is updated every week on thursday, and hotfixes released as soon as they are finished.Youtubers for this game in general are great, i suggest VideoSage, XP gamers and W4stedspace.That about covers it for the review.TL;DR To me this game is fantastic and has the potential to be even better, and it looks like the devs are going to deliver.8.5/10Edit: Before putting a dislike in, make a comment so I know what you disagree on and how i can help fix it."
76561198051704594,Recommended,244850,18126729,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Joves McChivo,How to play Space Engineers:1. Buy game2. Think tutorials are useless3. Try jumping straight into a survival server4. Either:a) Suffocate to death after wandering around aimlessly in space having no clue what to dob) Get shot to pieces by hostile ships (unmanned or manned)c) Crash into an asteroid at 104 m/s after thinking braking is instant5. Rage quit6. Boot the game up after a while7. Spend about and hour going through tutorials8. Start up a solo creative server to build a small all-purpose ship9. Marvel at your engineering prowess10. Go to the workshop to publish your majestic ship11. See infinitely better ships the size of small moons12. Weep in failure10/10 would die helplessly and make designs that look like the work of a preschooler again.
,Recommended,244850,18620912,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Procedural Texture,"Minecraft in space. More fun, more physics, more possibilities, longer learning curve. Still, it also has the same primary failing as Minecraft: there is little or no external motivator but your own desire to build, and the greatest danger to your life is actually pressing the Helmet Off key. Nevertheless a challenging sandbox that accomodates many play styles."
,Recommended,244850,12928175,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,house_Fly,"Space Engineers is early access done right. This should be a platform of how early access should work.Weekly updates, constant communication from the developers, and a functional game."
,Recommended,244850,19665284,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MittenMarauder,"Do I recommend this this game... Looks at hours played... 1,570.2 Hours on record... Yeah, it's okay I guess.In all honesty, there are few games that have kept my attention, despite having moments that make me want to flip my desk as well. I'm referring to weekly patches that add new parts, fix bugs, and also break things. It is not uncommon to have a week or so every now and then where I simply cannot play the game at all due to a crash, but usually a week later that crash is fixed and I can play as normal again.I have played this game for quite some time, so I have seen it progress a lot from the days when it first came out. This is also one of the few games where I both love and loathe the community. While normally not a part of my reviews, with such passionate fans of the game, the community is partially responsible for the direction the game has gone and that means the devs do listen. On the same token, sometimes you wish the devs would stop listening to the community and polish what they have already implemented. Yes, it is Early Access, but at some point you cannot use that as crutch considering it has been 2 years.Overall, I do recommend this game. While I do have to set it down on occassion, sometimes for a week or more at a time, it is one of those games that every Thursday I watch the patch video, read the notes, and sink a few hours in."
76561198081166303,Recommended,244850,34310790,Posted: 17 August,all,rottielover,"As of this writing I have 2,232.6 hours on record for this game.   That's 93 full (24 hour) days. or  279 x 8 hour days. of playing this game over the last 3 years.   That alone should tell you something.Yes it has it's share of bugs, you should have seen alpha.   Yes they used to release weekly content updates (they were building the game), and now it's ""just"" bugfix updates (which isn't 100% because they released a new block with today's update).   But they have also moved past Alpha and into Beta which means once they feel it's polished and ready, it will be released.This is by far the best Space Game I've played in a long time, and it stands the test of time IF you enjoy the format.   This is not ""hardcore"" survival, in that your not having to eat drink and poop all the time.  Instead the main focus is building, creating, and then using those creations to do what you want to do.  The true sandbox experiance, assuming you stick around long enough to learn all the details.Have I had my disagreements and dissapointments with the devs, yup sure have.  Have I been frustrated beyond all reason at times,  yup!Overall,  I've NEVER and I mean NEVER played a game so much in my life.  It's a game that other games get judged by and it's not even in full release status yet.If you've read up on this game and watched some videos on youtube and twitch streams and are on the fence, I recomend this title.   If you haven't done any looking at it yet, I'd ask that you watch some streams or youtube of it before deciding if you think this will suit you.   It certianly did me,  over 2k hours and I'm still playing today."
,Recommended,244850,19164425,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Kynaro,"Who:You the Astronaut, First Person or Third Person.What:Block building system in meters for small and large ships, and stations. Four tools allow you to construct, deconstruct, mine for resources, and shoot stuff.When:Distant enough future to have gravity generators and warp drives.Where:A small asteroid cluster, generated field of asteroids, or planets.Why:Minecraft in Space.Significance:Creative and Survival modes that give the player of hours of creative and destructive power in the zero-gravity of space, and now within planet atmosperes.Pros:Ability to mod plus an already extensive list of blocks makes for a flexible sandbox in space. Multiplayer.Cons:Velocity capped at a little over 100 m/s and other bad physics design choices. Large ships, many ships, large bases, and now planets create performance problems. No in-game economy (trade ships are planned, but generally you mine resources simply to waste time in survival mode).Summary:You'll spend most of your time making ships, and then wanting to show them off or fly them around. That by itself is enough reason to buy this game. Add in multiplayer and then mods and it only gets more interesting. If you think you have a high-end computer this game will test that notion."
,Recommended,244850,14521192,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kemo,"Space Engineers is a sandbox space building game based around building and destroying space ships of all sizes that is currently available on Steam Early Access. The game features endless maps which can be customised in many different ways in two different scenarios, creative and survival. Creative mode gives you unlimited numbers of blocks, infinite health and removes some gameplay aspects whereas in survival you have to mine to create your own materials, you can easily die and you have limited inventory space.While this game is great to play with friends it can be a bit boring to play by yourself unless you're very creative so bear that in mind when you purchase it. Also, please note I am capable of commenting on the realism of the game's physics as I study physics and mechanics.+The physics in motion are good and seem realistic to me+Graphics are okay, they aren't the best but they aren't the worst either+You have lots of info displayed about your character and your ship (if you are in one) such as mass, speed and fuel left+It's a lot of fun to fly around in smaller ships (better handling) and it's also fun when flying in larger ship to crash them in to each other+The building system is pretty simple and easy to use once you get the hang of it+The multiplayer is good and playing with friends is a blast, until that one friend we all have decides to crash his ship into yours after an hour of building it+Lots of hotkeys/controls including one which toggles the HUD, great for taking screenshots+Workshop intergration is good and there are a lot of very good mods available-Momentum doesn't seem right at all, when two objects collide (no matter what the size) a few blocks will break off and some will be crushed/deformed but that's it, the object that crashes into the stationary object will sometimes rebound off of it or they will both remain stationary. From what I know presuming the velocities of the two objects do not cancel (which they cannot in this situation) either one object or both of them should carry on moving, the sum of the two secondary velocities should be the same as there is no friction to take into consideration and the secondary velocities should be in the same ratios as their mass is. (I hope all of this makes sense).-With all the controls (I think most keys are used) it is very difficult to get in to and learn and it's also hard to understand some of the different mechanics such as mining-The default skybox isn't particularly high quality-You can't pause even when playing offline-Character animations aren't great and don't look realistic in my opinion-The price seems a bit too high for what you getWorth a mention:-The game has long loading times due to the size of the maps and how much stuff is in them-If you have a low end PC or Laptop it's unlikely you'll be able to run it, the game slows down a lot when a lot is going onVerdict:7This is a good physics based builder despite it's issues that is best enjoyed with a few friends, I'd suggest waiting for this to get a sale before buying.El K."
,Recommended,244850,20856888,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,guachitonico hellcase.com,"All the negative reviews of the game, saying that the game is unfinished, with poor graphics and optimization...they're not wrong. But they aren't right, either.The game is in an alpha state, and there WILL be bugs, specially in multiplayer (but that's going to be fixed in about 3 months when new netcode is implemented).Right now the game is almost feature complete. There is way more things to explore than in other games. You could spend a thousand hours on the game yet you wouldn't explore it fully.What annoys the people and make them post negative reviews are the details. It's true that the game has undergone some reckless patches, without any clear goal (remember they patch the game once a week. That puts big pressure on the devs, needing to release features to keep the community happy), but the new roadmap for 2016 states that things will start to be tidier.New models, new textures, new UI.The game is not going to stay like this forever; it will eventually become and look like a finished game. So although the models aren't that pretty, the features are there, aren't they?Even though cargo containers might be ugly modeled, they are functional, and that's what counts.About the ""reckless last patches"". If you bothered to read, you'd know that the new game netcode is being developed RIGHT NOW, so don't expect big patches unless the netcode is released.Let me tell you some of the things you have right now at space engineers:Pistons: Yeah, they are buggy right now IN MULTIPLAYER, but that'll get fixed. In single player they are functional.Rotors: Hanger doors, Robotic arms, hidden turrets, moving platforms...Conveyors: Item sorting, automated power / item transfer between ships...Combine with rotors for epic.Planets: Fully moddable planets which add several engineering challenges, such as getting out of the atmosphere of a planet (yes, there is gravity and it's not that easy to get out of the planet, specially in survival), or surviving the long trips between planets.Remote control and Drones: You can send your ship out of the planet without even being aboard. Obviously, this is not easy to do, and requires engineering (and maybe, programming skills if you want more functionality)Programmable Blocks: There is an extensive API out of which you can make automated ship station, item sorters, radars, status reports, cargo managers... Or just display the time in an LCD.Huge modding community: The developers are also focusing on adding modding support to many areas of the game, and right now there is a bunch of mods that ADD REAL FUNCTIONALITY to the game, plus cosmetic ones that look absolutely amazing.Awesome ship designs in the Workshop: You can get an idea of what kind of ships you can make taking a look at some designs made by other people. You can recreate ships from films and series, like star wars, or from games like FTL. The game offer great building mechanics that make it suitable for a wide range of styles.So yeah, the game is not BUG FREE, nor FEATURE COMPLETE, but right now it can give you LOTS OF FUN for many hours, and many engineering possibilities with all the mechanisms / machines included currently in the game.The only serious con I'd see right now is optimization. Seriously, if you want to play on planets with large ships, be sure to get a high-tier gaming rig. I have a 970 which seems enough for the game, and an i5 (this game is CPU intensive!!)The game will eventually get more and more optimized for less powerful computers whatsoever.TLDR: Despite all the bugs and placeholder models in the game, it offers many features which are already in the game and WILL give you a lot of fun, specially if you play with friends -expect bugs if you play multiplayer -.Don't get scared because of negative reviews. The game right now is just developing new netcode and thus the weekly patches are not AWESOME and they introduce some bugs to the game."
,Recommended,244850,9579885,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Syncro,"Through this game, I finally get to live my lifelong dream of playing a role of George Clooney when me and my friends reenact the whole movie ""Gravity"".     10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9748058,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Viperior,"Update as of 2014-06-27:The devs of this game are amazing, and have been adding in so many of the features that players want!This game is not yet ready for everyone, but what content is already complete is mad fun and has put this game on the top of my watchlist. With multiplayer, survival mode, and the endless possibilities in your creations, this game has the potential to rival Minecraft as one of the best voxel sandbox building games.The screenshots and videos are deceiving and make the game look much more static than it really is. For some reason, the creators focused more on the ability to crash ships than on how much control you have over creating things. You place every single block on your ship. You can build a ship or station in any shape you could possibly imagine. And then fly them around!As I write this on April 6th, 2014, there are some important issues with the game that are worth pointing out to those who are considering the purchase.Edit: There are now dedicated servers. :)#1) There are no dedicated servers for multiplayer yet. This means that most MP servers are at least a little laggy, making certain actions in the game very difficult. Being a more tolerant alpha tester, this has not stopped me from having hours of fun in multiplayer working with other space engineers. If smooth co-op is a must for you, I would wait until dedicated servers are out to consider playing.Edit: There are now conveyors, connector blocks, merge blocks, vacuumming blocks and debris ejectors. :D#2) There are some important blocks and features yet to be implemented to make the game more complete. These include conveyors (due in the next 2-3 weeks), pipes, large ship mining drills, working large ship weapons, factions, and automated defenses. These features are all planned, however, and will allow some fantastic gameplay. Fully automated transferring of resources from your mining ships, natural anti-griefing mechanics with defenses that shoot down anyone not in your faction, and more exciting gameplay when capturing randomly spawned NPC ships.My favorite things about this game so far are as follows:A) Jetpack. I can't tell you how many times I have died in Minecraft from building megastructures. That is not an issue in Space Engineers where jetpacks are part of the vanilla game and even have built-in balancing elements (your suit can run out of energy).B) Your creations move. I have always dreamed of building a car in Minecraft. Yes, there are mods to do anything, but when comparing the vanilla games, Space Engineers really delivers here. You can already built a huge (and I mean HUGE) ship to carry your refineries, assemblers, cargo, and even a fleet of smaller ships in your hand-built hangars.This part of the game is just amazing. In my single-player map, I already have a very simple carrier that acts as a fully-equipped, portable space station complete with landing decks for my mining rig and prototype torpedo bomber. I get goose pimples thinking about how the game will play with dedicated servers, player factions, and screaming, ""GET TO YOUR SHIPS"" to my buddies as we scramble fighters to respond to a player attack.C) Extremely high player-impact. This is the main thing I enjoy in any game. In Minecraft, you build your own base, terraform the land, and change the world permanently. Others can come and admire your hard work and creativity. In Space Engineers, all this is true, but you could go as far to make a flying city and bring your creations with you anywhere you go. Make your ships as stylish or as ridiculous as you please, and it will change your experience and the experience of others.D) Promising update schedule. Every Thursday the devs come out with an update, many of which contain new items and loads of fixes. This will make the alpha testing phase that much more exciting for me and indicates that the game will mature nicely.Conclusion:This game has already earned its keep for me. It has cool physics, encourages player creativity, has the potential for some of the best multiplayer action of any sandbox. It may just rival Minecraft in terms of enjoyment and long-lasting, good memories. I give the alpha version 8.7/10 Prawns, with a few more Prawn-Points depending on what the devs accomplish in the near future. Now back to designing my battleship."
,Not Recommended,244850,31735056,Posted: 13 May,all,Sasquatch of the NW,"Space Engineers is a fun toolbox. YesHowever, you find that this game lacks purpose.You can build a massive dreadnought with sensor guided cruise missiles, full crew quarters, life pods, a med bay, control stations for drones and an array of fighters waiting to be launched.But why? Yeah you can have a duel between two large ships but you can never seem to get enough people together to really coordinate and take advantage of the crazier aspects of ship building. The game gives you a massive sandbox with only a pint of sand, it seems."
,Recommended,244850,15562463,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Wuxian,"Where I am coming from:I played about 360 hours from the time that I bought the game to the time that I write this review. I bought the game right after multiplayer was released in January 2014. This was before survival was introduced. At the time I was very disheartened by a few bad early access titles that were just disappointing.I looked into the Miner Wars history of Keen Software House, and decided that - even though that was a kind of flop - this game was worth a look into. Maybe a bit of fun with friends. My dream was always to play a game that let you walk around on small planetoids, building your own stuff. After playing games like Cargo Commander I kinda got into the genre. I played a lot of creative at first with my friends and we built huge ships and had fun gunfights.After a while, when they got bored and survival got introduced, I found a very nice multiplayer RP server with different factions set up and had the time of my life as a Drone Engineer.My opinion of the development and further notes to the multiplayer:Let me mention a few things about the development of the game (which after all is very important if you read this).I don't know if it was from the point on that I bought the game or shortly after that, but the devs (KSH) promised not to promise any features or announce set dates for certain features and introduced weekly updates. Yeah, that's right, one update to the gameevery single week. That is features, bugfixes and in addition to that hotfixes for big bugs between updates. For me, this shows dedication. This is the game that let me put trust into early access games again. Simply for that fact I adore it. I have never been as hyped about any game as this, and I playeda lotof games. The devs react to feedback very fast, and the community really makes a difference.Almost all of the features the game has were suggested at some point by us. Planets, scenarios (with set objectives) and multiplayer improvements are already in the works at the time of this post (you can read that up atMarek Rosas Dev Blog). At this point I have to mention that multiplayer is playable, but you might want to avoid certain things like landing gears, pistons and rotors on ships for now (perfectly fine on stations) as the netcode can't quite handle the synchronization between clients.My opinion of the game / features / options:The game has a very thought through, realistic (Newtonic) look at the Space Survival genre, which I would put this into.One of the things that often get overlooked is the amount of options available. Not only does this game have all the necessary sliders (seperate audio volumes, FOV, maximized borderless window option, ... ), you can completely customize almost every feature ingame. A few of those options are mods (which there are thousands of, from blocks over skyboxes, character models, animations, ship blueprints to custom asteroids and scripts) with full workshop support, but also things like the amount of inventory space, production speed, world size (which by the way is currently able to generate worlds that take about150 realtime yearsfrom the center to traverse at standard speed - which if you don't want can be modified, yay - with randomized asteroids and soon planets).You can customize view distance, which makes this playable on pretty old machines, even without the beta optimizations that are about to come in still. (Remember, this is in alpha stage)Also tons of other options that en- or disable all kinds of ingame features, should you want / not want them.Creative mode:- If you play creative you can build whatever you want (from cubes of death to star destroyers, your favourite space station or a small fighter) instantly without needing any resources- There is a mirror mode that allows you to build quickly and efficiently with symmetry- You can copy paste small parts of a creation (onto other parts if you want) which allows you quick builds with forms and structures you like, which helps a lot if you don't think you are creative enough for a whole big ship- You are able to spawn in any ingame object, be it resources, weapons or even whole asteroids- Talking about asteroids, there is also a voxel tool which lets you deform asteroids to any shape you want (it also lets you replace materials)- There is a blueprint system in place, which lets you transfer projections of the ships you built in creative to survival, which makes rebuilding the thing only a matter of resources and timeSurvival mode:- This game is a sandbox game, meaning there is no set objective (yet) to ""finishing"" the game- ""Exploration"" mode offers almost infinite world generation (as mentioned in the features section) with random encounters which range from small ships, to cruisers or large battleships to stations (most of them created by the community)- Survival has a lot of facettes to it that require planning (energy generation, oxygen, storage and production facilities) that may initally seem very complex, but the community is always there to help- It is possible to use programming blocks to display things via LCD panels, control stations or ship behaviour (really, almost anything you can imagine, if you get into it, someone for example made an autopilot ship and a customizable interface for pilots that let you see every room status and interact with all the different subsystems, just imagine, you get an enemy player alert in your ship, which then leads to depressurization of rooms, so that your enemies can't breathe there or get sucked out into space)- You can create gravity weapons (like a huge space shotgun that shoots out projectiles), gravity drives with artificial mass blocks, which, if correctly done, can get even the biggest and bulkiest ships to maximum speed in a matter of a few seconds- But even relatively simple things like building your own mining ship or fighter are highly enjoyable and feel rewardingFinal thoughts / prospects:For me personally it is enough to gather resources, take over enemy weaponized cargo ships that are floating by and creating awesome stations and battleships, aswell as designing them. But man, this game already offers so much more than that. I have never seen a more polished early access game. From RP mining to dogfights in space or replicating your favourite scene from Star Wars, this game has it all!Community links:The redditwith very important tips in the sidebar, like controlsThe wikiThe official forums"
,Recommended,244850,22292870,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Mr_Salt,"Great game, but a VERY GOOD PC IS REQUIRED, NO EXCEPTIONS!!I play singleplayer only, so I have no experience with multiplayer. I am also very patient, so loading, lag spikes, etc. do not bother me, but might bother others. Updates weeksly, getting better all the time.Simple ReviewPros:- Realistic (as a game can be with physics and the sort)- Great destruction physics- Fun to experiment- The good kind of frustration- Playable for hours- Make a train that goes from planet to planet (Personal achievement :) )Cons:- Buggy (But, hey, its early access, what do you expect?)- Required a very good build (I have i5-4690k, gtx 960 and get about 40fps on PLANETS on medium settings and well over 60fps in OPEN SPACE)- Big loading time for planets and large worlds with lots of ships (personally doesn't bother me, as there is no other loading once you get into the world)- Not much elseGreat game, if its on sale BUY IT, you wont regret it. Full price? BUY IT, you wont regret that either!"
76561198023195212,Recommended,244850,14070703,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,overkillmario,"Guidebook for futureSpace Engineers:Hour 1-5:1.Take a seat in the first spaceship you see.2.Align it to the second spaceship you see.3.Give full thrust.4.Be happy about wrecking your first ship.5.Spam the map full with ships.6.Crash them with different speeds, ranging from 103.6m/s to 104.4m/s and angles.Hour 5-30:1.First thoughts about bulding your own ship.2.You really don not know how to.3.Start building.4.Ends up with a huge block of armor, a cockpit and thrusters for only five directions.5.A bunch of thrusters and reactors are added.6.Looks like a piece of c***p, but flies like ... a piece of c***p.7.Watch youtube videos about people who are obvious better than you in building ships.8.Thoughts about building the biggest and best ship of all time.9.Taking only heavy armor for military purposes. (Because reasons!)10.135,000 blocks pastet so far.11.Discovers symetry mode.12.Ship is mostly ready.13.Ships acceleration is pretty poor. (Because of heavy armor only!!)14.Put a bunch of thrusters on it and fly it into an asteroid.15.Get stuck.16.Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Hours 30-70:1.Visiting the Workshop for the first time.2.Download almost every big ship.3.Play with other peoples ship.4.Build only shmall ships for special purpose.5.Try to play the survival mode for the first time. (With other peoples ships for an easy start!)6.Play alone.7.Get bored.8.Play with others.9.5mins in.10.Do not know what to do. (Again!?!)11.Ram other peoples ships.12.Get kicked.13.Feeling worthless.14.Download more ships.15.Do not want to play with foreign ships anymore!Hour 70-100:1.Download about 50 mods.2.Hope it help for building better ships.3.It does not.4.Trying pretty hard.5.Half ship is ready.6.Flys perfectly.7.Looks kind of pretty.8.Do not know what to do with the other half of the ship.10.Being happy anyway.11.Bring ship into multyplayer with freinds. (Freinds recommended but not included!)12.Being proud.Hour 100+:1.Now you are in the game.2.Endless possibilities.3.Feeling good about the game.4.Ability to build any ship imaginable.5.Playing survival mode again.6.Know what to do.7.Be no longer useless.Hour ?+-?:1.Programmable block gets implemented.2.Start again at 30+ hours.Thank you for your Attention!Fly save! (NOT RECOMMENDED!!!)"
,Recommended,244850,14557458,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Spockferatu,"Some people peak in high school while others hit their stride later in life.  I peaked today (FEB/20/15) after building a fully functional, one-click, ""no adjustments needed"" blast door for my station hangar in Space Engineers.  Life may be a downward spiral from here, but the level of excitement that my meager acomplishment has provided me with has surely secured my place is nerd-Valhalla."
76561198062034166,Recommended,244850,14027101,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Skyhammer,"Rules to play.Start gameTry to build awesome spaceship.Realise you don't know how to do that.Wander around for a awhile.You see something in the distance.Three people building a large space ship.Ask to join them.Shot in the faceTheres only one thing left to do.RevengeYou track them down,watching,waiting for a whole hour.When finally they leave their ship for a resource run.Fly into their ship and take control.Fly away as the enemy takes chase screaming that I'm a♥♥♥♥♥and a dead man.Asteroid storm reduses the ship into drifting husk.Enemy boards the remains.Three guns aimed at me in the command room.(Enemy 1) You peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥you stole our ship just because you to dumb to figure out how to build something yourself.(Me) That's not quite true after all I figured out to build the bomb behind me.Enemy (2) What.(Me) Goodbye GentlemenBOOM10/10 Would kill myself again"
,Recommended,244850,29552688,Posted: 28 January,all,The Red Menace,"So I am going to start off with that this game is no where near done with development. That being said, it's the best realistic physics space game that I have played. You go in expecting to make a ship from like Halo or Star Wars with engines on one side and suddenly realize that you have no control over you ship that you spent hours making, or you go to fly it and it crashes into the ground. This game teaches you how space really is and with each block able to be damaged from impacts or weapons it really changes your perspective on how space ships really should be. Plus for those interested, there is planets and a survival mode.Is the game buggy? Yes.How hard is the survival? Not very, but the mobs and meteors showers can make it a challenge if left on.How big can you make a ship? As big as your computer can handle. There's a 1 to 1 scale of an Emerial Star Destroyer on the work shop.What about land vehicles? You can make those too. Peaople have made them with wheels or with moving legs, like a working AT-AT.Is there multiplayer? Yes. It's not great but it has tremendously improved from what it was and has been pretty stable as of late.Does the developer still work on the game? There's weekly updates every Thursday.So do I recommend it? Without a doubt. It's a lot of fun and you can make some amazing things."
,Recommended,244850,10856609,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Motionless,Things go boom if you can't physics. 10/10
76561198062768811,Recommended,244850,19039824,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Michael the Mediocre,Planets are so epic that it crashes the game
,Not Recommended,244850,33240900,Posted: 4 July,all,Lesani,"Oh god this is an awesome game. I already enjoyed empyrion, and now this gives me SO much more possibilities - it's just amazing!BUTThere are so many game-breaking bugs (that I dutifully reported on the developers bug reporting forum) where I didn't even get a response, let alone a fix. Some, like exploding pistons, Don't bother you very often.Some, like wheels stuck after docking, or the jump drive teleporting you to 0,0,0 - or the jumpdrive (after the 0,0,0 fix) teleporting one player somewhere else than the other players can even lead to laughter and fun times in teamspeak...but some, like inventories not updating anymore lead to all players having to re-log every-♥♥♥♥ing-5-minutes. and then there are bugs like the ""f/k"" menu not opening on the right page that you can'T even fix by relogging.I really love this game, but no, no, no them developers need to stop copy/pasting big ships in streams and instead fix stuff. DO NOT buy this game until it is fixed, or you'll ruin it for yourself like I did for me"
,Recommended,244850,26648970,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DragonBugg,"After nearly 1,000 hours, experimenting with mods, scripts, and blueprints, this is still, after over two years, my go-to game.The community is fantastic, the developers are on point with weekly updates that either fix bugs, add content, or enhance performance, and all the while I can still use all my old builds with newer, updated versions of the game so I can just build on and add to them with the new content! Each week the updates are accompanied by a YouTube video log going over the updates and sometimes have teasers for future updates.They're getting a lot more realistic with oxygen and sound effets, and though I play almost exclusively Creative Mode, Survival Mode is coming along nicely. A fair amount of content, and it's even better since they added planets!I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys creative gameplay and slow-paced survival, or who just like building things for fun!10/10, best pre-alpha game I've ever bought, and they're still going hard on this one, with no signs of letting up anytime soon. Buy it! BUY IT NOW!"
76561198080196693,Recommended,244850,28174881,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AlloyCat,"If you like the following things, this game is for you:1. Building things and see them actually operate2. Space3. Space ships4. SPACE SHIPS!The game is still in development and has its bugs, but the developers are updating it every week.And the communication between players and devs is quite active, which is very important for game developing.Conclusion :Use this game to unleash your wild imagination.It's not the game you will be playing everyday, but the one you will always come back to from time to time."
,Recommended,244850,15046691,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Thunder House,"If you can think it, you can build it. If you can build it, you can rebuild it to be better. The only limit to this game is your imagination (and your PC). Right now it is in Alpha and there are a few kinks that the devs are still working on. Some are major, to be fair. However, they are adament about fixing problems and they clearly have a game plan that they are working with. I'll be honest, I've been frustrated at times with the lack of optimisation at the current build, which does affect playability, as it very clearly says that it will in the Early Access banner above. This doesn't mean that it's a game to be passed up though, to say the very least. The game is in development, and the devs show no signs of slowing down or halting progress on their game.The developer involvement in the community is top notch, absolutely excellent. As many other reviewers have stated, Keen Software House is definitely setting the bar for how Early Access games on Steam should be done. Just the other day I posted a bug on their forums, and one of the devs by the name of ""Phand"" got back to me in 10 minutes. He had me send him my world that I experienced the bug in and forwarded the situation along the appropriate channels. Even if it isn't fixed in this next update, I'm not going to be here complaining because I know it will be as soon as they figure it out.But, the devs not only communicate well with the community, they also expand on ideas and are working to make the game better than anyone could have imagined it being six months ago when I first got the game. It has absolutely evolved past what it was at that point and is well worth the asking price. I have bought several copies of this game for friends and have met many excellent builders in the game.The UI is a little invasive at times, especially when building something from the inside. But, there are mods for that and I have little doubt that it's not something that the developer has on the to-do list. Speaking of which, if you want something that isn't in the game, you can almost always find a mod for it. The modding community is very talented and there are many coding experts that have developed tools for the game that are available to you for free.And, if you yourself are a coder, check out the programmable block! There is literally a block in the game that you can use C# to program scripts into to execute actions for you on your ship/ station. Not your thing? Or don't know how? Not to worry! You can use scripts from the workshop to make your creation come to life before your very eyes!While the game is no doubt a lot to take in and can be daunting at first glance, the workshop also has examples of ships you can build, and YouTube is littered with in-depth tutorials to get you up to speed. Not to mention the countless guides from the community that explain everything to you in text, if you prefer that to a video.All in all, it's a dream come true for someone like myself who spent a lot of time as a kid building Lego space ships. I can't wait for the game to progress further, and it's a very safe bet that it will be the best game of its kind."
,Recommended,244850,23757065,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TODD BONZALEZ,"I pirated it a couple of years back.I hate sandbox games, but when I hadn't blinked for half an hour after I fired it up I realised they had me so I pulled the trigger.As of this review I have 1416 hours of play time racked up in steam, and maybe 10 of it wasn't in survival.You probably pay more for a meal.Just buy it damn it."
,Recommended,244850,18629955,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,spooky the spookiest,"Trust me, I'm an engineer..."
76561198058471404,Recommended,244850,29256454,Posted: 14 January,all,Jubrae,"I currently have 449 hours on record and have been playing it off and on since early alpha. If ever there was a game that is a positive example of how early access should work, it is this one. Both content updates and bug fixes have been consistently released throughout the game's development. Players are kept informed of progress and changes and player feedback is ACTUALLY listened to. If you want to get in on a great space game that only gets better with time, look no further."
76561198098250102,Recommended,244850,28534294,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zarenityx,"So, to start off, you do need a decent pc to play this game. Remember, this game just went into beta phase. If you are turned off by the idea of bugs, continuous changes, and constant reworking of mechanics, by all means don't bother with this game until it is complete (which may be not for a while, as improvements and content are constantly being added).But if you like the idea of waking up midway into crashing into the side of a planet, tearing down nonessential systems to save just enough power to not die instantly on impact, scavenging what's left of the wreckage, and setting up a bunker on a hostile alien planet filled with burrowing spiders, and setting up a distress beacon in hopes that a passing cargo ship will pick you up, then this game is for you.If you aren't a fan of games in the middle of the optimization process that may have some lag issues, then don't bother with this game.But if you are a fan of jetpacking on top of an enemy atmospheric fighter, grinding down the cockpit, shooting the pilot in the face, then building the cockpit again and kamikaze ramming it into the bridge of an enemy carrier, then being picked up in the gunner's seat of a passing friendly gunship, then this game is for you.If you don't think you would want a game where piston physics sometimes break down when flying in multiplayer, don't buy this game.But if you want a game where you construct a mining ship, fend off the occasional pirate, and begin drilling for ice to fuel your hydrogen thrusters, to discover an abandoned mining facility inside the asteroid, which you slowly build up and repair and turn into your permanent, autonomously maintained home, and begin work on an interplanetary exploration vessel that would allow you to reach the planets in the distance, then this game is for you.If you don't like early access problems, frequent updates, bugs, lag, and glitches, leave this store page immediately.But if you want to crew the apollo 13 mission while being swarmed by tie-fighters or establish a mining outpost on an unexplored alien planet, or if you just want a game where the developers are fully invested in improvement and there are limitless options for creativity, then this is your game.All of the scenarios I have summarized in this review have all happened to me in game within perhaps a few months of playing. I did get this game on sale, but would have gladly paid double the regular price now that I see where this game is headed and what it can do.Best purchase I have made on steam, hands down."
76561197987895612,Recommended,244850,13802490,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fuzzy Dunlop,Kerbal meets minecraft.  What more could you ask for
,Recommended,244850,30454630,Posted: 11 March,all,Johnny Pizza,"I don't get how people with over 100 hours in a game can give a thumbs down. I've played Space Engineers for 50 hours on solo and feel at this point I got full value of my purchase (which was on sale for $15). You can play for this long and not even scratch the surface of things to build and create. To the guy with 2,100 hours who gave a thumbs down, you could have collected a year's salary instead of playing this game as long as you did. Obviously SOMETHING kept you playing this simple, fairly cheap, beta early access game for years.Buy if you like to:Build♥♥♥♥♥♥ You cannot punch the trees to get the wood but you can build customized mining ships to smash the rocks to get the ores. I find both mining by hand and with ships to be enjoyable.Organize♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't even completed my new asteroid base but the creative sysems you need to use are fairly realistic and intuitive. You build various systems to tranport resources, automate hangar doors, operate ships remotely, and build the weapons and building materials you need to expand or destroy.Explore♥♥♥♥♥♥ After getting bored in initial base building, I decided to go to the moon. Halfway there an AI fighter found me and after a short dog fight i was thrown from my ship and hurled into space. Using jetpack I caught up to the ship and repaired it before it fell to Earth, got back in and was on my way. Finally I got to the moon. In my exictement to make a giant leap for mankind, I crash landed, my ship fully destroyed. Despite the time to travel (see con below) it was a fun trip that was enhanced by sudden unplanned events. Looking at the wreckage of my ship and back up at the GPS marker 200km far, far away where homebase sat put into perspective that your character is a little miniscule speck in the vastness of the game.Cons:You do need a beefy computer to run this and get full enjoyment. I'm playing on a brand new computer and I will still occasionally get rendering errors (skybox goes pink for a frame or two).The 100 m/s max ship speed in vanilla is painfully slow at times, I've heard there are mods but I am a vanilla game player by trade. Even 200 or 250 m/s would make the game feel like hyper speed if you're used to the 100 m/s.Bugs. I've encountered some. Heard of many more. Wolves chewing through heavy metal armor. Really?I recommend if you want to play space Minecraft but with better creative production systems and the ability to build whatever you want and it will fly. 8/10 would crash land on moon again."
76561198042260803,Recommended,244850,15814262,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Spaceman Wil,"My favorite game. Ever. The Devs are great, working to provide weekly updates and great content. Many of the negative reviews say that they are having to split time between Medieval Engineers and Space Engineers, which is completely un-true. There are two equally capable teams for each game, giving both games the attention it deserves.If you like using your creative side of your brain, Space Engineers is for you. The possibilities are endless in this game. First thing I would recommend is to join a server to play on. Playing with others is TONS more fun.  :D"
,Recommended,244850,10773224,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[GPMoD]Bakamoichigei,"Ever played Minecraft?  Remember what it was like early in development?  It's come a long way, hasn't it?  Well, Space Engineers is like Minecraft in Space, and it is set for a similarly drastic transformation. Almost every update brings something remarkable and new.As of Summer 2014, they still call it an 'alpha', however the game has reached a state where it no longer feels like an unfinished 'work in progress' but more of an already complete and playable game that is still getting constant improvements and additional content from the developers.(Rather like Minecraft this last year or two.)Edit Autumn 2016: What I said above has only continued to be true.  Just like Minecraft, the updates have been primarily focused on bug fixes lately, but considering the amount of features that have been added prior to that, among them things such as planetary surfaces and in-game programmable systems, I'm not sure how much there is left to add... (/edit)The physics are really awesome, crashing two large ships into eachother is sufficiently harrowing to anyone onboard. And I like how all the ship systems work...especially now that they've added the 'conveyor' systems which allow you to connect things like refineries and assemblers(Refineries turn chunks of ore into raw materials, and assemblers craft materials into the components you build with)together, along with cargo holds, so that items are just moved around automatically.  They also added blocks that 'collect' items into the conveyor system, and blocks that 'eject' items from the ship's conveyor system, allowing you to transfer cargo between ships.(Such as having a mining ship dump its ore into a refinery ship that automatically begins processing it, and assembling components from the materials.)EDIT:Almost right after I wrote this recommendation, an update added the ability for ships to physically 'dock' via a connector on the conveyor system, connecting the two ships' conveyor and electrical subsystems, and allowing control of all ship systems from either vessel.(Also works with ship/station connections)I also like the progressive construction system. When you go to place a block, it requires one unit of the most basic component; usually something like steel plate, and that creates an empty framework of the block, so you can continue laying out a basic skeleton of what you're building. Then when you go back over it with your welder to actually 'build' the block, it requires the additional components.  Things like motors, steel tubes, 'construction components', computers, etc.Survival mode is already full of surprises, considering the fact that there's no AI or anything yet. Recently, I had this incident where I was out mining an asteroid...  I left my ship, my 'mobile base', floating above the light-side of the asteroid, and I ended up mining a deposit on the dark-side...  I get back to the ship and try to open the door...nothing.  That's when I notice none of the thrusters are on; there's no power... I quickly jet over to the other side, and the whole thing's been ripped open like a tin of sardines.  Must've been struck by a couple of micrometeorites...  Reactor was gone, refinery too... Luckily my cargohold was still intact, so I had what I needed to quickly assemble a new reactor.  I had to work fast to get power back on just to recharge my suit before I lost life support... Then the next task was going to be restoring minimal maneuvering to get the thing away from the light-side of the asteroid before there was another meteor shower...  I managed, somehow. Lesson learned; you can bet I never parked in the sun again!I still haven't played this multiplayer, it would definitely be useful to have people to help build sometimes. Any really large ships or stations are not one-person jobs."
,Recommended,244850,17640934,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,DerpyFantaYT,"A fun and endless (until your computer lags over your empire) sandbox game! Where you can cruise through space (until you hit an astroid, dammit) and build space cruisers to fly around distant space (until you get a enemy attack half way through) and the crash physics system is like the best thing I'd ever seen ;). You can literally be a 'Space Engineer' and almost create any ship you like (even astroid rovers) in space! Make them fight (;0 Scary) and you could even make them poop chains that are explosive ;). IT BEST GAME I EVER SEE IN WORLD... apart lag sucks....9/10 - A bit laggy for slow computers ;( - Otherwise AWESOME!Buy it.Love it.Don't Want A Refund.Just Love It.And Like My Review... ;)"
,Recommended,244850,31377166,Posted: 26 April,all,Reverend D,"You've played No Man's Sky and Elite Dangerous....this game is really nothing like them.Vanilla exploration is rather limited to locating resources or searching for derelict ships. Fighting is a secondary thought as MP is buggy and PVE offers no real challenge with the boring AI, BUT the game is still a total time sink.For folks who play Minecraft for BUILDING, or can spend days BUILDING crap with LEGOs, this game will bring you joy (and sorrow, and anger, then more joy again). It has a 'buggy' physics engine (Hail Clang!), but offers massive opportunity to just create. I've spent days (literally) building a ship just to turn around and say, ""hey, now that I think of it, I could do this, this, and this so much better"" and I'm suddenly off on a new project. Combine that level of OCD producing building with a great community (awesome modders whose content really brings a new level to the game), and you may have some friend and family issues in the near future. The Devs are attentive (contrary to what you may read here), and regularly communicate with players and modders alike.  BUT (there's another big but) I think the majority of us believe the game will never be 'complete' or fully realized. I'm not sure if this a limitation of the engine, or that this game is more a learning/testing thing for KEEN to use in other games. Either way, don't expect perfection...ever. Updates will break things that you may have been working on for countless hours, then they'll be back working again...or not. Flip a coin.Notice many of the bad reviewers...""I've spent over 2,400 hours in this game and I just can't take X anymore!""You spent over 100 full days playing a game.  Exactly how does that equal out to a bad enough experience you would give it a negative rating?  I can understand 50 hours.  ""I tried, I really did, but I couldn't handle it"", not 2400.  That's getting your money's worth and then some.Yes, like I said earlier, there are bugs.  Most are getting ironed out by the devs.  We know this because they talk to us.There is a steep learning curve.  This isn't a game you can just jump right in and know it all.The game requires a decent machine to run.  Don't think this is going to run on any ol' system....it ain't gonna.Don't expect anything beyond a sandbox for building spaceships and such.  That's what it is.So, in conclusion to my rambling wreck of a review, for me it has been worth every penny. If you are expecting a great exploration / fighting game, run away quickly. If you have anger issues, run a little faster. If you have a compulsion to build awe-inspiring spaceships block by block, don't mind spending hours figuring out how to make X work, and have the temperament to not kick a puppy when everything goes to hell, you may have found your game."
,Not Recommended,244850,31867821,Posted: 20 May,all,Smythe,"It's fun for a while, but the multiplayer is less stable than the Zimbabwean Dollar. Considering the single-player consists of flying your ships that you spent 5 hours making into a cliff or performing a kamikaze attack on some AI controlled turrets in the middle of♥♥♥♥♥nowhere, you probably shouldn't spend your money on it.EDIT: On a serious note, the game's damage system is very in depth and I'm sure you could have a lot of fun with it, provided you got the multiplayer working properly."
76561198093250748,Recommended,244850,14704069,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tinklemous,"So I picked up S.E. after it being described to me as Minecraft in space, and seeing as I liked minecraft, and space, I figured this would be a hit with me.Yeah buddy it is.One day I can decide to build a trading station in the middle of nowhere purely for the fun of it. And the next day, I'm building a fleet to pass by and destroy said station. I can make my own goals, my limits are really only what I can think up, and whatever the game lacks atm I can probably find a mod for.Sure, when I started playing and atm it's still early access, but it's regularly updated with a great dev team and an impressive modding community as well. Think you've got the hang of everything available? Subscribe to some of the mod packs available through the workshop, that'll keep you busy for months all on it's own.If you've ever played or watched anything sci-fi related and thought it'd be cool to build that. Get this. Why wouldn't you want to build a Star Destroyer or the USG Ishimura? Just sayin."
76561198039831982,Not Recommended,244850,32414827,Posted: 14 June,all,Umbrella,"Great game, IF you have a PC up for the job. And at times different blocks seems to break even tough they have worked before, like connectors, landing gears pistons and such. I personally feel they should concentrate on fixing the current game instead of pumping in new stuff that brings more bugs and delays fixing.And for the gameplay it can get quite ""lonely"" and ""pointless"" at times when you have fun building a REALLY nice ship for hours and than have nothing to really do with it unless you find a good server and manage to find a nice team and have really fun battles.Sadly most servers are usally lagy or consist of 2-3 huge factions that dominate the server and kill all newcommers(unlesss it's a peaceful building server).But there are few good ones too that let new peapole actually build and work without killing them constantly but those servers can be rare.Even tough I DON'T regret buying the game at all, I sadly can't recommend the game at this time due to it requireing a quite heavy PC and has a bunch of bugs with content that alredy worked for ages.But I do think the game will improve with time and I will certainly change the review to positive when that day arrives. But for the moment I recommend waiting since it's early access and all."
,Recommended,244850,22424390,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,swiftdoll,"Day 1.I'm on a tiny, abandoned and crude space station on the side of an asteroid. I have only couple hand tools, no ship, no material for building. Space is vast, I gotta find uranium, fast. This is very scary flying so far off the base with only my jetpack. ..Oh noo some time down the line I lost the signal for the base! I guess meteor storms destroyed it's beacon.. I have no idea where the base is anymore. Forever, lost in space... ✞Day 2.I woke up in a clumsy landing pod, descending towards some unknown planet. I'm panicking and trying to figure out the controls, finally, I'm almost on the ground,steady now. Wait, what did this button do.. Oh no! Managed to flip the pod right in the last meters, it exploded.. ✞Day 3.I managed to land my pod, yeah! I don't need my helmet, I can breathe. First steps outside. Hey Idid't know this planet had life, look at those beautiful dogs, what a big pack! Wait, what the, oh for the love of AAAAHHHHHH.. ✞Day 4.Back to my asteroid station, life on a planet is too hard. Getting my first scouting ship done, with a tiny drill. I coudn't get my reactors working though. Finally, I figured out the uranium couldn't possibly move through the conveyor system to the reactor without any power. Duh! I ripped the side open and added some uranium directly to the reactor. While doing that I noticed that peeping sound I kept hearing, it was becoming more frequent, I don't think it's part of this song coming from the radio afterall. What is it.. AHHH I HAVE NO OXYGE... ✞Day 5.Note to self, tossing a piece of rock out of the cockpit while flying full speed will effectively break your ship in half and fling you out. I disorientedly watched my ship parts disappear in mere seconds to the vastness of the space.. Not this again. I figured out how to use the GPS system though and found back to my base, as it was conveniently set to be the zero point.Day 6.I mustered up enough courage to face those vile dogs and decided to try landing one more time. Once on the ground I immediately installed a turret on my landing pod. Ha Ha! Die you %#&* §¤#! Yeah! They aren't so tough after all. Now off to build a base, quickly! Ohhh hey what on earth happened to my jetpacks now, what do you mean NO FUEL?! I'm middle of flying full speeAAHHH... ✞Day 7.My planet base is coming off nicely, finding ore though is painful. I have no uranium and I don't have lot of energy left. I gotta move my solar panels higher, but I gotta save my last bits of jetpack fuel for dog emergencies. After a lot of work I built two pylons surrounded by scaffolding, and installed a rotor on top of them with solar panels. I have no idea how to program them to follow sun, though.. eventually, I figured out the day length and just gave the rotor a rotating speed divided by day length. Wow, it works!Day 8.I used last of my spare energy to power up a small car I built. I turned off everything on my base to keep power usage to minimum. The improved solar panels are still barely charging my batteries. I'm only keeping turrets online to protect the base. Ok off to find uranium! Wow this car speeds up really fast. Oops better avoid that tree, hey what the..! Great, now my car is flipped over in middle of nowhere, I gotta figure out how to turn it around, maybe if I built a piston on the side.. OH MY GOD WHERE DID ALL OF THESE DOGS COMEAHHHH.... ✞Day 9.I spent a lot of time today fiddling around with my tire controls, the car is now more stable. Gotta still drive it carefully though so it wont flip over, but it's good enough. Ha Ha hey ramming those pesky dogs with it deals with them in no time! Take that! I couldn't get a turret to work on my car, but this is maybe even more satisfactory.Day 10.I found uranium!! It was very deep in the ground, but I managed to dig a steep slope to it and get back up. Digging in the cramp tunnel is scary and disorienting, I often panick when I can't see the exit anymore and loose my sense of direction. Fair enough the dogs didn't figure out how to follow me down there, I guess they aren't as smart as I thought. Finally I got my refiner and assembler working steady with this uranium. And most importantly, fueling my jetpack is not a problem anymore. One spare tank of hydrogen lasts quite a bit, even in this environment. (I carry 5, just to be sure)Day 11.I started building a massive drilling ship after watching a distant proadcast from another planet. This guy was telling how he made one, it was very inspiring. He said the scraps of the old landing pod that I already disassembled would be plenty to get it going. He was right. Though I've used lot of the parts already for other things, his design is too big. I will make my own, a bit smaller. May take longer, but atleast I will learn better how to do it.Day 12.My green driller was coming off nicely (I named it Monster), but one of those damned dogs managed to appear from nowhere and hide where the turrets couldn't see it. Before I even realized it managed to chew through the pedestal where I was building my Monster! Karma is a b*tch though, the dog died right after the ship fell on it, ha ha.. Monster is now flipped sideways on the ground. Luckily it didn't break however, atta girl.Day 13.I finished building Monster, been working whole day to figure out how to flip her heavy frame back the right way. Those small atmospheric thrusters are really weak! 6 of them are not enough to lift Monster even a bit from the ground. ..Ohh great, now I managed to just get her flipped all the way upside down, sheesh. This model has hardly any thrusters downward, I will have to figure out a new approach..Day 14.I added several big thrusters on the back pointing up (or down, from this angle). Now if I just coordinate this right it might work. First, lifting the backside up from the ground, and add force to nose tilting, yeah it's working! Monster is now wabbling on it's front drills. Now, carefully adding power to the front thrusters to lift it juuust enough to keep it turning back on it's belly with those new thrusters.. Steady, come on big girl.. Wohooo I did it!!Day 15.I disassembled those extra thrusters from Monster fast, almost panicking. While I was trying to flip her back I managed to get quite far from the base. I was very afraid of those dogs appearing again and destroying my Monster. I had to add one more big thruster pointing down to get her howering easier. Fortunately I got her flying and now Monster is docked safely on the base. It was quite stable to control too, I am happy. Now I am ready to take over this planet! And some day.. Maybe reach that beautiful outer space again ♥Most. Addictive. Fascinating. Inspiring. Early Acces Game. Ever. 10/10"
76561198134690113,Recommended,244850,13166342,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,WeekendWarrior99,"I have spent a considerable amount of time playing this game and I cannot seem to stop. At first it just feels like minecraft in space, and while this may be the easiest way to describe this game, it certainly does not do it justice. I got tired of minecraft after about 20 hours of gameplay but I have over 250 hours on this game and it has definately saved me money as I've had no desire to purchase any other games as of yet. Definately recommend buying this game."
76561198066311814,Recommended,244850,9631043,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Richard Nyxson,"This. Game. Its like a combination of Minecraft, Cosmos, Star Wars, Sandra Bullock, and George Washington."
,Recommended,244850,14100943,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Varanon,"A game unlike most others. Whether you want to do some building, or play survival, it's all in there.Plus, it's one of those early access games done right. Updates every week with added features most of the time.Definitely worth it's money."
,Recommended,244850,14062303,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Malactus,"Space engineers is one of *those* games. The ones that sucks you in and you notice its 5 am the next day.I can easilly place this next to Factorio or IC2 from Minecraft. But in space, with physics, and deformable voxel geometry thats not just cubes. Build huge ships, and wage war on multiplayer servers (of which allow it).I've spent countless of hours building stations and ships, and hosting a dedicated multiplayer server. The fact that you have to build the tools, and automation to build bigger, dig better, and generally make everything less of a chore is a very odd progression element: Of which I oddly enjoy.Now with the inclusion on random generation and infinite distances, I've enjoyed it even more. You now actually have to try to look around and find your way back to get resources, because not everything spawns on a single Asteroid.My only gripe is the fact that the energy mechanic doesnt seem to be enough consitute this as a survivor game, yet its annoying enough to accidentally forget about it until you die and your corpse is floating about with alot of stuff: Meanwhile this isnt much of an issue after you start building ships to handle most of the heavy lifting. Why not also go further that you have to process something to make oxygen or filter CO2, etc and etc. Mods ofcourse can probably do this as well.There are still plenty of things I havent experimented with (such as pistons or programmable blocks), but it looks like there is a lot of things you can try to create. I've seen huge projects from a mining beast that carves out a huge round cavern within an asteroid (leaving only a shell and a tiny entrence making a great asteroid for a base), to smaller utility ships that can be converted to fighters, welders or miners.I can easily recommend this game to anyone who loves building (engineering), creatively experimenting with creation of various tools / weapons (in the form of ships). Just be prepared to spend lots of hours, especially if your are into creating automation."
,Recommended,244850,13321585,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,♂ X B L A H,"Man, this is a great Sandbox. Yes, I know, many computers won't stand huge space battles, but it's worth the try. I bought this game one day ago and I spent the whole day playing it, watching youtube videos, learning everything I can do. I'm really impressed. If the developers stoped making this game today, it still would be worth the money I paid for the early access."
,Not Recommended,244850,24265363,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,devonjones,"Getting worse with every update. Multiplayer is borderline unplayable with all of the desync/networking issues and the way I enjoy singleplayer (creative mode) is literally unplayable, because the game freezes if I place too many blocks.We used to play multiplayer all the time and the desync was very very minimal, now you just rubberband everywhere, fall through the world, fall through your ship, and turning your ship smoothly in one direction shakes your screen violently back and forth."
,Recommended,244850,16347377,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[ISB] Emperor Phoenix,"Space Engineers. What can I say? It's basically Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program combined. Players can choose from Survival and Multiplayer. In survival you have to build ships and a medical room to survive. There are hostile ships you can grab resources from but be prepared for a fight. They are armed. Creative is well creative. Build what you imagine and what your PC can handle. There are Servers, Easily Downloadable Mods, And a thing called Games were instead of LAN u can have people join! Overall its a 5/5 for me. I recommend it this summer due to the sale!"
,Recommended,244850,7486045,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Sektan,Perfect game :)
,Not Recommended,244850,24244579,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,#Go Green | _Doib,I Really Did enjoy space engineers for a while before planets and a lot of the other stuff they added. but i can not recommend this game. Due to all the horrible bugs and glitches sure the modding community is great but space engineers has a ton of glitches. the multiplayer is basically unplayable if you build anything bigger than a small fighter the frames are absolutly horrible! and with planets in the mix its even worse. on planets without anything on them youll probably get at the most 18 - 25 FPS. Ships will randomly explode without warning. oh and dont even bother with wheels/rotars because they will absolutly annihilate whatever there on after a while. i really want to play and recommend space engineers but untill the multiplayer and frame rate becomes better i can not recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,244850,23847294,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Commando950,Update:Optimization improved heavily from original post date. I still will look for more until I go positive on this review. Specifically there is an ocassional stutter that can toss you to space or kill you randomly. A client sided view distance slider would not hurt as an option setting though along with more shadow optimization. I hope they keep it up. I know they can do more and are capable.Game is very laggy and poorly optimized.I wouldn't make this statement if they hadn't been working on it for so long.Matter of fact performance gets worse and I found out I needed to download some sort of Directx 9 beta version to even play. Even though I was able to play with Directx11 before they added this.I don't care if you want me to purchase a better PC. That doesn't make the game work better. It just makes your pc run the garbage coding better. So for real. They need to make this game run faster.Other than that. Solid game but seriously. Fix the lag.
,Not Recommended,244850,25435961,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Endorb,"I *really* want to give this game a reccomendation, but I'd need to be able to play it to do that!This game is great, but as more features were added, it became more hardware intensive, buggier, and prone to crashes. What this game needs is for the developers to take the rest of the year off from adding features, and focus solely on optimization and bug fixes. Once they do that, I fully reccomend this game!Seriously, it's an amazing game, full of depth and complexity. It feels like you really are engineering items in space, but simplified enough for it to be fun instead of stressful. Although I also think it's best to get this with a friend, as singleplayer can start growing monotonous after a while. Or at least, it did for me."
76561198085047519,Not Recommended,244850,31655163,Posted: 9 May,all,Fayle,"The best game of this type (vehicular voxel nonsense) in terms of overall capability, until the bugs, lag, and slideshow fps remind you that you can't have nice things.You can make just about anything you can possibly think of in creative singleplayer like mechs, giant rovers, huge spaceships, cities and whatnot. Which sounds great until you actually try to drive the giant rover, move the mech or even LOOK at the giant spaceship. There are massive hitches for every tiny thing you do, and the fps reaches comically slow speeds when anything even remotely interesting happens, considering the game doesn't straight up crash.So eventually you settle for smaller things, then find it really boring since there's literally nothing to do besides looking for rocks or random drifting junk ships. So you go online.You stumble into a hellish land where if you don't watch your step, you'll trip and fall off the planet.-You get run over by parked cars-Walls will eat you unless the floor gets you first-Your rover will randomly explode with more force than a bomb-A small floating piece of metal will tear your ship in half-You can kill a man by running too close to him-That man's body will latch onto your ship and throw it into an asteroidSo in the end the game mechanics aren't the things that limit you, it's the implementation of the mechanics. The developers continually add more nonsense that nobody asked for like lens flares and new (worse) UI, and claim to be fixing bugs but are so incredibly disorganized that all it does is break more things, often completely unrelated to the original bug.I've held out hope for them since they did put in planets, which was amazing albiet unoptimized, but sure enough they go and put the exact same system into Medieval Engineers. All that tells me is that they got lucky and are just scrounging around for a quick buck. They've been putting more 'effort' into making both games more moddable, which speaks volumes on their stance towards development.The game fills a void no other game does, and with a lot of mods and LANing in a controlled environment, it can prove to be a good experience. So if you're willing to put in as much frustration as the amount fun you'll get out of it, then this game actually is better than a lot out there.(salted but cautiously optimistic that Keen will get their act together, not recommended until they do)[EDIT 6/4/2017]Keen added in mutli-threaded physics- something that should have been there from day 1, but better now than never. It actually made the sim speed WORSE in a private server, which is probably a personal problem, but the update came with gratuitous breaking of unrelated things so I hold my breath. A step in the right direction Keen but it's going to take a lot more steps."
76561198019014227,Not Recommended,244850,29614431,Posted: 31 January,all,[LEG] Niska,"i love this game, i really do, but for a long time now playing it with friends is just working around one bug after another, working around them and having a smooth experience is all but impossible and i've played this 500+ hours, i cant reccomend this game to newcomers until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥sorted, Sorry KSW, i love your concept but you take 1 step forward and 2 steps back.In the future if they actually find out how to create a stable co-op experience between 4 or more players i will happily reccomend this. Until then however it's a downvote from me."
76561198100480066,Recommended,244850,22305094,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Corylus,"If you...- like or liked building spaceships from Legos (and then smashing them)...- are o. k. with playing a yet unfinished early access game in alpha-stage...- have a decent rig......give Space Engineers a try!  (If you are patient/cautious, wait until it goes on sale.).Space engineers is a block based building game, often described as minecraft in space, but with more realistic looks and physics. (Disclaimer: I have never played Minecraft because it is not in space.)It has a creative mode, where you can comfortably just build spaceships (or bases, or vehicles) and a survival mode, where you need to mine and refine ore from asteroids or planets before you can expand beyond your starter-ship. In survival, you also need to generate energy and (unless you turn that option off) oxygen. Either way you get to build your own ship from hull to windows, doors, thrusters, gyros, antennas, refineries, cargo containers, fuel tanks, air vents, conveyors, batteries, missile launchers, landing gears (or wheels), cameras, sensors, timers, script blocks and more. Then you can fly your spaceship in an asteroid field, land on planets, set up bases, mine ores, fight pirates... Space Engineers is a sandbox game, so beyond not dying you have to set your own goals.Of course you can save the ships you have built as blueprints and upload them to the workshop or download ships built by other players. There are some fantastic creations on the workshop. Actually, if you are interested in this game at all, I recommend you just take a quick look around the workshop to see what can currently be done in Space Engineers.Space engineers is early access and still in alpha. The developers update the game every single thursday. That update will fix some things, add some things and, inevitably in this stage, break some things. Be sure to report bugs - that is what early access is for. The devs do a hotfix every friday, so that you can enjoy the game better over the weekend.While the devs listen to the community - they added planets by popular demand - they have been too silent in the past. They are making an effort to improve, though.Being alpha, the game is hardly optimzed yet, even though the devs work on that week by week, too. Older rigs may struggle with it. Performance in Singleplayer can be improved with the right settings and good judgement. Multiplayer however is currently being completely redone and perfomance varies from week to week."
,Not Recommended,244850,31763166,Posted: 14 May,all,samwisee,"I've had this game for a couple of years now and logged about 400+ hours. Bottomline, it used to be good, but it has gotten hopelessly slow, buggy, and the learning curve is EXTREMELY steep.I know it's still supposed to be in Beta but at this point the developers need to stop adding features, fixed whats broken, and really integrate everything a little better.Also, as  KSP fan, the physics here leaves a lot of room to be desired. While I understand it's a completely different kind of game, and ya I love minecraft / builder type game a lot, but this is just out of control difficult at this point.Back when this game was simplier and easier to follow it was actually fun. The robust modding community keep things interesting once you've mastered all the in game blocks but now... I wouldn't recommend it anymore."
76561198038084472,Not Recommended,244850,32007580,Posted: 27 May,all,fxds,"Space Engineers has the potential to be a fun building game.  Unfortunately in its current state the game is riddled with bugs that frequently kill the fun.  Of course it's still in beta, so perhaps many or even all of the bugs will be fixed before the game is released.  I should also note that all of the bugs my friends and I have encountered were in multiplayer with a dedicated server.  Many of the bugs are supposedly nonexistent in single player but personally I can't imagine this game being fun for very long alone.  Bottom line:  I cannot recommend Space Engineers in its current state.For those who may be curious, bugs my friends and I have encountered include:Horrendous, multi-second freezing/lag (which can and has resulted in ships crashing and being destroyed).  This is not just an unfortunate consequence of unrelated network issues, given that it's usually accompanied by a warning message from the server that the simulation is running slowly, or is clearly tied to specific player action such as another player joining the world.Asteroids completely failing to draw on the sceen, even though the game logic knows they're there (which can and has resulted in ships crashing and being destroyed).Frequent instances of players being unable to move items in ship or base inventory, unable to see items in inventory, or seeing phantom items which were there before but aren't any longer.  Fixing this requires leaving and rejoining the world, but the problem will come back, apparently randomly, after anywhere between five minutes and several hours of play.Large grid ships with airtight compartments randomly going crazy, spinning around rapidly, smashing into anything around them.  There doesn't appear to be any way to recover from this.  Once this happens the ship is literally uncontrollable, meaning player control input (including turning off the thrusters) is completely ignored by the game (using the thruster example again, they stay visibly on despite having been turned off in their control panels)."
,Recommended,244850,16108523,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,WebGremlin,"Buy it, find a multiplayer server, and let it swallow you whole like Lego did when you where a kid. Because that's basically what it is: Lego. In space."
76561198190875559,Recommended,244850,17890433,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,father of giants,"i have put alot of time into this game and i can definetly recommend it.  for one the devlopers are amazing, they really listen to the community and fix the bugs and issuse that may pop up and for being an early access game i rarely ran into any. as for the game its self.if you dont like sandbox, scifi, build-it-yourself, type games then dont get it. if you do then go for it.  you can basicly build anything you want. if you want to make a scale/full sized replica of the death star from star wars you can!! whatever you can think of you can build. the game comes with mod support too, so if you want to build one of the many enterprise's with actuall phasers you can. all in all i love this game and i cant wait to see what the developers have in store in the many future updates."
,Not Recommended,244850,24042074,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Leno,"Imagine this, you build a spaceship block-by-block and then you use it to mine the materials to build a starbase and factory all from your imagination and the shapes and sizes are all there for you to build nearly any ship you can imagine. There's even a blueprint system that lets you ""print"" out copies of your original design. Although, you have to get some mods because the included tools don't allow for large ship printing easily. However, there you are with your cool base and fleet of ships ready to take on the galaxy when it hits you... you're all alone. There's no enemy to fight. No point to building anything really.Now, you invite some friends to play. No more than 3 or 4 though because your world will lag until the end of time. You all build your bases and slug it out. Maybe two of you team up even and go out to attack the other guys. You try your best to see through the dozens upon dozens of icons that you have no way of removing without losing communication with your home base and ship. At least no realistic way. But!!! you found an enemy base that your friend has built and you launch your attack crippling him and destroying many ships and structures. Victory! However reality sets in, now he has to rebuild brick-by-brick because mass building and repair is not supported and only marginally supported by mods. So, he gives up and plays something else because he realizes there's no point in rebuilding.Such a great concept so poorly executed. Planets made the game worse by increasing an already steep learning curve and eating the little resources left to run the world. Had there been real NPCs and cookie cutter shipyards that could constuct/deconstruct ships it may have had a chance as a multiplayer. If it had any type of descent NPC faction it could have been a good solo/coop game. It doesn't have any of that. Instead it's a solo building game. You make a neat ship, screenshot it or upload its blueprint to the workshop and call it a day. It's like a hero without a villian, all kinds of superpowers but, nothing to use them on. Save yourself the depression and buy Kerbal instead."
76561198088703159,Recommended,244850,8809859,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,[DBC2] World War Bacon,"This is a great game, just amazing!Up:SandboxYou can build anythingFun multiplayerPhysicsDestructionDowns:Alpha"
76561198100351416,Recommended,244850,11601960,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Neverathome,"Best sandbox game i ever played imo,in this game you are the engineer,architect,miner,welder,soldier,pilot,pirate.etcYou build everything what ya dream off really everything,from underground base's to satellites,miners,fightercrafts,racetracks,and behond,too much to name it....spacewhales :) you build it.Weekly new content and bugfixes.The devs and forummoderators are communicating and listening to their community,really really important imo especialy in its current alphastage.Enough talk, this game is brilliant!If you like buildinggames ya must definitely buy this one,a must have.I hope ya enjoy it :)kind regards Neverathomeless is more"
,Not Recommended,244850,23513839,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Tolderius,"Due to the recent spate of positive reviews from fan boys and girls trying to counter the recent spate of negative reviews, and after having reviewed said reviews, I must now review this game.Amazing potential and pitiful follow through. They added planets, that's pretty amazing, but I think they were trying to keep up with Empyrion on that note. This game beats Empyrion in every way except flora and fauna and ease of use. I hate hearing ""it's not done yet so don't be critical"" but... it's been three years. How long must we wait before we need to get critical? Furhtermore, if their team is so small, I'd say they've sold enough copies to make a larger team. Perhaps they should invest more into their products instead of whatever else they're blowing their money on. Or, at the very least, come out and say they don't really care and are going to squeeze every drop of blood from this stone.Played soooo many hours. I enjoy survival games but the novelty wore off and became tedious after awhile. I enjoy PvE games with friends which is how Empyrion won our heart despite it's innumerable draw backs.If they could introduce a robust PvE element, this would be a killer game.I wish Space Engineers or Empyrion would just sell their concept to the guys who made Ark: Survival Evolved so THOSE guys could make an epic space survival game... and learn from Space Engineers and Empyrion because Ark's building is garbage.Man... you just can't win these days. No one makes finished products anymore. Everything is early access/Never complete. Or they ""finish"" it in its uncomplete form and start some other foppish project *cough*Planetary Annihilation*cough*One day... a member from each team will splinter away and create something amazing, and finish it... and release it to the world. But until that day... just... buy this, play it awhile, switch to one of the other ones, do the same to it, and eventually rotate back around to this...Or learn programming and make something better. Ugh... what's become of games these days... I'm gonna go play Overwatch."
,Recommended,244850,18174482,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Zeruel,After owning this game for well over 8 months (dont let my time played fool you) These Dev's and this game is by far one of the BEST Voxel based builders around... TONS of mods to download to increase the playability and the devs are extreamly vocal about their progress and the future of the game.How many early access games give you Updates Weekly? WITH CONTENT??? This is worth the money hands down.
,Recommended,244850,28660033,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Shazam,"Space makes everything cooler, right? No offense to terrestrial enthusiasts, but it's unlikely that a straight-up simulation of everyday engineering would have this kind of pull. By contrast, Space Engineers has a definite hook even in its current Steam Early Access state, which has convinced half a million PC players to pay for pre-release play. While it does feel a whole lot like a celestial take on the sandbox charm of Minecraft, Space Engineers generates its own unique brand of fun, whether you're more interested in constructing things or blasting them to bits.While spawning into a world in Minecraft often reveals mountains and caverns to draw your attention, spinning up a new universe in Space Engineers might drop you into the middle of near-nothingness: just a person in a spacesuit with a jetpack, floating amidst the far-off stars. For most players, it's probably best to start with one of the pre-defined scenarios, which can dump you into a world with a few ships and a platform—something familiar amidst the dead of space, and a home base to start building your own fun around.Whatever your surroundings, Space Engineers' biggest thrill at this point is creating a ship from common parts and zipping around the cosmos. It's amazing how you can simply pull up your inventory, drag a handful of pieces to your toolbar, and build a small working ship in the world in minutes using armor blocks, a cockpit, reactors, thrusters, a gyroscope, and landing gear. Make sure you've got thrusters pointed in all directions and enough juice to power the thing, and you can take off and explore the depths of space in moments. Just like that.And that's just a small ship. It takes a fair bit more time, but you can also build large ships that you can walk around in, as well as outfit them with things like missile turrets, refineries, and medical rooms—plus you can design a space station with many of the same accouterments. While the tools used are simple, your ships and stations can be considerably tweaked in both look and purpose.Granted, that's really the bulk of the game experience right now: building ships and structures, and then toying around with them. But plenty of antagonistic fun is here to be had, too—I had a blast pairing up with an online pal, outfitting our ships with warheads, and then bashing them together and watching the explosive results. Ships and structures tear apart dynamically with each collision or rocket launcher hit, and you can blast holes in space stations large enough to weave tiny ships through. Generating a world full of blazing meteors is a fun twist as well, plus you can hop into others' public or private games for co-op creation or other shenanigans.As of now, Space Engineers includes a couple of ways to experience the action. Creative mode waives resource and inventory restrictions and lets you go crazy with building and design. Meanwhile, Survival mode requires a lot more planning and work, as you'll have to harvest resources from asteroids, craft items, maintain energy levels, and avoid death, lest you want to lose your inventory. Unsurprisingly, it feels like Minecraft's own Survival mode on a basic level, but while it's the more substantial mode of the two here, it comes off like a more time-intensive version of Creative without its own uniquely intriguing aspects—aside from struggling and laboring a lot more. Hopefully it evolves to feel more distinctive than it does now.Being that it's an Early Access game, Space Engineers also doesn't yet have the polish of a full release. I ran into glitches in spots when starting games or connecting to others, and visually the game needs refinement—the engineers just sort of hover around without much in the way of animation, plus the backdrop of the stars looks like a static texture, and it's difficult to get a feel for movement as a result. But those are feasible fixes for a game in this state, and otherwise it's very playable and the core mechanics are solidly in place.Space Engineers does feel a bit thin today, but like the block-based sandbox it seems to take a lot of inspiration from, there's just something about the fundamental building and breaking aspects that holds up during repeat play. Keen Software House has a real opportunity here to expand out from that solid foundation towards a broader and deeper experience in the months to come. For now, you'll make most of your own joy in Space Engineers, whether that's creating things or tearing them to pieces. Usually it's both, and often that's good fun."
,Recommended,244850,9891514,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Polanovski,I can make a Deathstar with patched exhaust port. And my friend's X-wing can't destroy my empire.**Star Wars Empire theme song fade out**
76561198131277909,Not Recommended,244850,23862969,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Red,"Owned the game for 3 years and have about 100 hours on it. Great concept, poorly executed.The amount of persistent bugs is unreal. Instead of fixing them and keeping the game in a stable state with each update. They'd rather take everything the community suggests and throw into the game.Well the community are not game developers, this game has been ruined.It's clear a lot of the mechanics and game modes are flawed/unblanaced also.When i bought the game it did what it said on the tin, and i liked where the game was heading based on design documents for the game.Somewhere a long the line that changed.Now it's just an unplayable mess that requires a supercomputer to run efficiently.If the devs had wrapped it up and finished with the content they originally intended, it'd still be a great game. They were at that point a long time ago, when the game was naturally generating positive reveiws.Originally the devs didn't want to take the game beyond where they saw our Space Technology within the next 20 years or so. Probably less, i'm just being generous.So what did they do? Added alien cyber hounds (Just a really poorly executed version of a Minecraft creeper), warp drives and other such nonesense.I bought the game under a very different label, and though alpha games can and do change. Not usually to the degree this game has. It has complety veered off from its original design document. So the future is very uncertain.I don't know how as a company you can justify starting a new project built around the same concept and physics. When you haven't finished this one yet. Surely finishing Space Engineers first could only have improved development on Medieval Engineers.If the reason was money. Then i really don't understand. A small team generating the revenue Space Engineers has.Developers out there have done a better job with no revenue."
76561198128787850,Not Recommended,244850,34512654,Posted: 26 August,all,Legas,"TL;DR:Absolutely great Spaceship design software and Physic playground.Almost zero gameplay outside designing and building, survival differs nothing from creative except being slower for no reason.If you want a software that allows you great creative freedom to build spaceships, stations, vehicles, contraptions, etc, and then post your creations in the workshop and/or download other people's creations and test them with some rather decent physics simulation, then go right ahead, I recommend the game for you. (if you don't mind the occasional bug)I bought the game over 3 years ago actually wanting a survival experience, having just burned out probably 1000+ hours in survival Minecraft.In Space Engineers however, of my over 700 hours spent probably 90%+ of it was on creative. I'm now going to expand on why survival experience falls short of the expectation:1) Everywhere you may be you'll have access to all ores and resources in plentiful quantities within 1km radius, also you may travel a hundred kilometers and everything will look exactly the same, there is no differeces anywhere, no 'biomes', no different resources, enemies or whatever, be it in space or planets. This makes exploration void, you have absolutely no reason to travel anywhere from the starting point.2) One single block process absolutely all ores in the game, and another build all components, there is zero depth to crafting and all opportunities for tech trees are removed.3) The starting drill can mine all ores in the game, again losing opportunity for actual progress in the form of better tools.4) As soon as you spawn you have access to every single block in the game and also the resources to build them without any sort of progress whatsoever. This completely removes the 'sense of progress' of the player, you may be several hours within gameplay or mere minutes, everything is the same.5) Nearly zero survival pressure, once you mine some uranium so you don't run out of energy, you'll realistically never face death risk due to survival elements ever again.6) No environmental hazards, with the exception of meteor showers, which are horribly unbalanced and just keep bothering you ad nauseum until you decide to turn them OFF.7) Almost all gameplay features in the game are very unbalanced, be it block weight/efficiency, ore rarity, refining times, weapons, energy sources (you have solar panels and batteries, but why bother when you could mine uranium for 10 minutes and have enough energy for a lifetime without any drawbacks?)8) Enemy AI is garbage and combat is overall extremely unbalanced, unrewarding and easily (and best) avoided, limiting one of the main drives to build and grow, also removing what could easily be the 'end-game content'9) Lack of any meaningful direction: after you set up your base/ship and solve the energy issue, then there is nothing else to do, you've finished the game within 1-2 hours of gameplay. You could build a warship, more refineries or a satellite or a car, but why? Nothing in the game compels you to do so, and anything you do or build beyond the basic will be completely empty of meaning and unrewarded. There are no challenges to conquer, no enemies to defeat, no unknown to discover... you just feel alone in a vast and empty universe wondering why you wasted so much time for what seems to be no reason at all.(I know all games are meaningless and waste of time in the end, but most games make a good job of keeping the player from noticing that, Space Engineers on the other hand actually go out of it's way in every opportunity to shove in the player's face the futility of his works)10) Multiplayer interactions could replace or fix several of these problems, but heavy lag, poor performance, bugs, unbalanced mechanics, crashes, desynch, griefing and overall bad game design decisions soon render Multiplayer unbearable...Conclusion:Stay away if you want any meaningful survival experience. If you, like me, just had some amazing survival experience, such as Minecraft, full of wonder, unknown, exploration, danger and combat, you won't find any of this here.The Devs might fix these problems with time, but, frankly, I don't really see it happening in the next 10 years in the current development pace, specially when the Devs seem to have zero direction to where the game is going and trying to make the game do everything (Dogs? Player Skins? Scenario Editor?) but in reality failing even in the most basic gameplay features."
76561198019042567,Recommended,244850,19775833,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Lord Commissar,"This is by far the best sandbox game I have played. Good graphics, (relatively) realistic physics, planets, and the ability to create (and destroy) anything and everything.This has everything minecraft does, and more."
,Recommended,244850,9487445,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Red XIII,"Loaded game. Saw I had a space ship, crashed it into astroid. 10/10 Would play again."
,Recommended,244850,13232461,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Jtpetch,"EDIT 7/26/17 Yep, I'm still playin.New rig:r7-1700@3.8ghzGTX 108016gb DDR4-3200Game runs like a beaut. Solid 75 frames (75hz screen) everywhere, including on planets. Multiplayer works so, so much better, and big physics calculations (crashes, merging, etc) no longer cause the game to go into slowmo. I rarely, and I mean very rarely, see the sim speed drop below even 0.9 on random public games, and never below 1 for singleplayer. Keen, ya done good.EDIT 11/30/15 Welp, after last thursday's update, planets run quite a bit better. I can keep 60 FPS on Mars and every moon, about 30-40 on ""Earth"", and about 30 on the ali.en planet. I get a lot less lag flying quickly into the atmosphere and loading the terrain now, as well.EDIT 11/13/15 (Planets Upate Yesterday)So, planets eh? After all the whining of the community asking for them to ""release NAO"", here we have them!And how are they? Well, 20-30 FPS is how they are.20-30 FPS of great potential.As of now, they haven't got many features to them (flora has no point, and the only fauna is the sabiroid (space spider)), but, the sheer size of them, interesting gravity, and pirate bases/drones are enough to keep one occupied until more features are released.Be warned though, your FPS WILL drop when on a planet.I get 20-30 FPS with these specs:FX-6300 OC'd to 4.1 ghzR9 270x 2gb16 gb ddr3 1600 mhz850 EVO SSDRest of review below~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~This is one of the 3 or so games that I can safely say I will NEVER run out of things to do in. The other two being Minecraft and Gmod. I've been with this game pretty much since launch, and I've watched it progress from a semi-broken space physics simulator to this absolute masterpiece of sandbox and community. I remember when Workshop integration was added, within days there were tens of THOUSANDS of worlds on the workshop. And when official modding was introduced, the community (and myself) went absolutely CRAZY! Modding opened up whole new worlds (sometimes literally) for this game. Also, I find myself enjoying the multiplayer a LOT more (screw you rammers, though) simply because of the numerous fixes and improvements they've made to it. Even now, this is one of the few games I would've payed the usual 50-60$ for, but it's a steal at only 20$. And the devs! Keen Software House have to some of the most dedicated game developers I've ever seen, releasing content-filled updates EVERY THURSDAY since launch, never missing one. I heard recently that this game is also going to be in retail stores and for download on the Xbox One. Now, if you can get your game on that big of a platform, you're doing something right.I really can't wait to see where the future takes this game and KSH.So, overall, 12/10"
,Not Recommended,244850,25152621,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Coe,"Long ""story"" read, jump to the ----'s at the bottom for a TL;DR.A long time ago back in 2013, this game used to be incredibly stable while also running impressively smooth for an alpha game. The player motion in space was also incredibly responsive, allowing you to build large-scale things with even the most rudamentory block-per-block placement methods. Was it tedious and basic? Yes. But it worked with there only ever being any lag If you had say, over 200-300+ ship parts with particles going on in your view which was understandable due to there being little to no optimization done.After that point, they decided to completely revamp the way you move in space. Now instead of a butter-smooth responsive control scheme where your character would quickly respond in what directions you were telling him to go, you've now got ""velocity"" added to your character, adding massive delays, mandatory slow-downs & speedups and drags for every single movement you try to do. This would not be a big issue for me.. If it wasn't the case that you can't TURN IT OFF/TOGGLE IT IN CREATIVE/SANDBOX MODE.FPS issues and overall colossal latency problems were becoming more prominent everyday as the developers were constantly trying to cram things in at once like destructible asteroids, rotor mechanics, landing gear magnetism, guns & explosives, world generators and ultimately, multiplayer that remains a horrid, lag-filled warping mess up to this day with even the tiniest of space-battle skirmrishes being networking & server nightmares.4 months after It's release onto Steam, the game has sold over 250,000 copies and not long after that, it grew up to 500,000 copies. After a certain point however, the developers started to just pound out features into the game faster than people could even test the stuff in 2014. Meteorites, solars, wheel-systems, conveyor systems, missile turrets, dedicated servers, factions, pistons, hacking, addition of steam workshop, camera blocks, spherical gravity generators.. The list kept on going, and following it was a very distinct downfall in both FPS and latency performance through the game for everyone as it became an EXTREMELY common complaint on the forums and yet it fell unto deaf ears as Keen Software continued to essentially ""speedrun"" the development of the game, not giving a single care in the world for stability or FPS performance before next year in 2015..They also suddenly decided to announce that they were making ""Medieval Engineers"". A spinoff from Space Engineers while SE is in itself a spinoff of another abandoned game of theirs called Miner Wars 2081 that can be found here on Steam, go ahead and read the reviews of it here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/223430/Medieval Engineers was a game that many optimistically jumped into, seeing that it had potential but not much of anything else, having next to none of the buyers of that game actually do any research on the company they were buying it from and just like Miner Wars 2081, Medieval Engineers was unofficially abandoned with the only news regarding it these days are empty ""developer diaries"" where they sit and talk on how round the planets are for 45+ minutes instead of adding actual updates to the game itself. Review ratings for it is currently around 25%, can be seen and read here:http://store.steampowered.com/app/333950/-----------------------------------------So, everything put together into a TL;DR, this company has absolute zero care in the world for delivering people a polished product or even keeping promises for that matter and much rather jump from title to title, hoping and praying to the powers above that this routine of theirs won't be recognized before enough people have been ripped off buying their ""games"". Just today as of writing this review, I went ahead and downloaded a fresh install of the game to try it out. I jumped into a well populated MP server.. And was met with the most horrible latency lag in the world, even though the server itself had as little as 18 ping reported to me. Not before long, I would also be met with.. You guessed it:http://imgur.com/a/8AtfzDo yourself a favor and please don't repeat the mistakes that others have made by buying and playing these turd-excuses for ""published"" games by these devs.Thank you."
,Recommended,244850,12392627,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Riso,"You're an engineer in space, away from ebola.You don't get Ebola in this game.No Ebola.Ebola free.Seriously, guys.No Ebola.Buy it now. Right now.No Ebola."
76561198021396321,Not Recommended,244850,21956264,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,OzHawkeye,"91% of nearly 42,000 people have given this game a positive rating. How do you go against that?Well, here's how I do it.Space Engineers is a fantastic game if you're prepared to play a local, single player game. It works quite well, with only a reasonably small amount of bugs for an Alpha game.Space Engineers is a terrible game if you'd like to play a dedicated server, multiplayer game. It barely works, with a large array of game breaking bugs for an Alpha game. Furthermore, some deliberate design decisions by Keen will ensure that sooner or later, entire ships, cargo and inventory are lost, and done so on a regular basis.Overall, I'd really like to like this game - and if playing forever by myself was an option, I reckon I'd love it. However, until the cheap and fatally flawed multiplayer code can be fixed (or completely dumped and replaced with something that works) and until some key design decisions can be reversed that stop penalising players for the frequent disconnections induced by said multiplayer code, this is a game whose multiplayer capabilities are best expressed in abstract terms only."
,Not Recommended,244850,30807767,Posted: 28 March,all,I LOVE YOU EBOLA CHAN,"After having dumped a large amount of time into this game I cannot reccomend this game in its current form. It has so much potential but it's all wasted by being a buggy mess. I would not reccomend investing time into building anything in this game because the bugs will destroy your progress.>start game with buddies>solid 5 hours are fun>spaceship randomly starts flying off from planet, even with the power off>suddenly no one is able to place thrusters>okay lets just make a big land vehicle>land vehicle wheel breaks, stuff on the vehicle starts gyrating like crazy>fine lets try and repair the wheel>place wheel, vehicle goes nuclear and leaves a giant crater destorying 2 days of workMultiplayer can become almost unplayable, even with the simplest build; dedicated server or not, on a beefy PC. With the amount of time this has been in development it is dissapointing to say the least.If Keen fixes their game I will change my review but as it stands I suspect that this game will be remain a buggy mess forever.I'd love to be proved wrong."
,Recommended,244850,32493166,Posted: 16 June,all,NEIKEION,"Compared to last year, I AM REALLY IMPRESSED. the game has improved A LOT and it will keep doing so. I really don't know how but the performance now is a major leap towards the right direction, even while looking so fancy in comparison to last year. This game gives me really good vibes!It's an early access game so of course it has some minor problems but the experience I've had during the development really made me feel part of a great community of a game full of potential.At least that's what I have felt.It kind of makes me sad how a lot of reviews are being negative when this game is really one of the only few games that keep growing and listening.Never confuse an ""Early access"" with a complete game ""Demo"" please..."
76561198064476908,Recommended,244850,28222767,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Captain Colgate,"This is the game that no man's sky was supposed to be.Kind of.doing cons first, as a tl;dr why you might not want this amazing piece of game.CONS, in order from most to least severe:-Development has been sloooow.The development branch of SE updates weekly, with the stable branch updating monthly, I believe. It's hard to expect revolutionary gameplay changes on a regular basis, but even still, many of the updates are fairly small and mostly contain changes for the sake of mod support or minor bugfixes. The game is still worth playing, but It may be a while before it's finished.-Planets are a bit boring.Space is also boring because it's so empty, but space is just like that. But planets still feel barren and somewhat samey, even with different seeds for random generation. With some luck, more detail will be added to the procedural generation system to allow for things like caves and more detailed biomes- similar to how minecraft works. At the moment, a ""biome"" in SE basically just means a slight difference in the texture on the ground and how bumpy the terrain is. There are a few hostile enemies that spawn as well, but they feel very unfinished and don't add a lot to the gameplay. Generally they just spawn out of nowhere and make a beeline for you or things that you've built, then stand still attacking it until they die or their target dies.It would also be cool to have some weather effects. Just saying.-Fairly demanding game to run.I suspect that a decent gaming computer will run it well (my rig isn't exactly a 'beast' but it runs 60-80 fps at moderate settings) but you're not going to get much out of a generic 150$ laptop from best buy. It's possible that optimization will improve in the future, but at the time of this writing the game definitely needs a good PC to run.-Bugs do crop up from time to time, and there are a handful of quality-of-life issues that i'll rattle off now;--Remote camera overlays are annoying and make it nearly impossible to see when piloting a remote ship. Fortunately, this can be easily fixed with mods.--There are a few features missing that would be nice have in the game, but don't seem to be currently supported- such as locking an axis of rotation on a gyroscope to prevent ships from rotating in a certain direction, or getting GPS coordinates from antennas or beacons. (I don't know if other people have suggested these, but they're things I'd like to see)--Ore detectors and other coordinates seem to be based on the position of the player rather than the camera or the detector itself. This isn't a major issue, but it does mean that if you're trying to pilot a remote-controlled mining ship towards an ore deposit, it may be difficult to tell exactly where it is.--conveyor systems seem a little bit wonky at the moment, i've had instances where I've spent hours gathering hydrogen fuel only to have my hydrogen tanks suddenly vent it all for no apparent reason. Oxygen generators also don't ""share"" resources like other production items do. If you put a chunk of ice through a connector, it will all go to the nearest oxygen generator rather than splitting evenly between several, the same way reactors will evenly split up uranium ingots.--Rotors are a pain to use if you want to have limits on their rotation. you have no real reference for angles other than their current degree of rotation, which means setting the upper and lower limits for rotating is basically done through trial and error. (there's probably a better way to do it, but I'm stupid)So Pros, then. Now in paragraph form, because these were harder to put in a list format.One thing that I really enjoy about this game is the amount of dynamic problem-solving and experimentation involved in building a ship, especially in survival mode. There are a few basic mechanics to ship-building that you can pick up from the tutorial, but the tutorial only shows you how to build one kind of ship. Space is a pretty demanding place to live, and just one kind of spaceship isn't really going to cut it. Eventually, you're going to have to get creative.This means quite a lot of trial and error and a lot of experimenting. Every planet has a slightly different environment, and every survival run is going to have slightly different factors involved (depending on how you set it up). You might end up on a planet without breathable air, creating a need for remote-controlled ships or ships with built-in oxygen generators. Or maybe you're trying to get from one planet to another, meaning you'll need to build a ship with powerful enough engines to get you out into space and then land again. Or maybe you're not on a planet at all, and have to build a ship that can quickly move between asteroids to gather resources.The game has no set list of goals to achieve. Similar to minecraft, you must decide your own endgame, and then take on whatever challenges that goal might involve. But unlike minecraft, in which you ultimately can't create much more than simple machines, decorative buildings, and big holes in the ground, SE lets you really interact with your creations. You can build a model of a huge space shuttle in MC, sure- but only Space Engineers lets you experience flying it.And when you do finally build that shuttle capable of escaping your planet's gravity, there's no feeling more satisfying than looking out the window at the continent you had to turn inside out for resources, and the graveyard of broken or obsolete mining ships that weren't worth fixing or grinding down for scrap metal.Then you have an embarassing crash landing on another planet and realize that the planet you were on before was actually a much nicer place to live."
,Recommended,244850,17908971,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Vex,"Dear reader,There are not enough words in her majesty's English that describe this game, so I will use numbers8/8I've kinda gotten into the habit of writing actual reviews now so I'll go over some of the pointers and actually make this a proper review. TL; DR at the end.Pros:-Planets-Various different types of blocks and mechanics which make it feel like you are really trying to survive in space-Very fun - I've had many many hours on this game and I still love it.-Modding capabilities-Community blueprints for ships and stations readily available on the workshop-Beautiful graphics-Planets that are ""realistic"" i.e transition into the atmosphere not just a new level or map-IMO beats Empyrion in most ways.Cons: N.B: this game is in ALPHA-Rotors, pistons and other such items are buggy-Sometimes the game refuses to load a map - restart to fix-Little variation of weapon models in the vanilla game (Something I think would benefit the game)-Sometimes crashes and can also freeze for up to 30sOverall reccomendation and TL;DRI reccomend to buy this game. It's really fun and the small drawbacks it has are miniscule compared to the gameThe developers are nice and constantly update the game e.g planets were not always on the Roadmap but the community soon changed that. There is a new update each ThursdayRealistic survival most of the timeTL;DR:Buggy at times but that's expected from an Alpha gameGraphics are very niceYou can build anything your computer can handle.P.S We need to form a mob and raid Keen's HQ demanding multiple blocks to be placed in one area because windows are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying atm xd"
76561198056659799,Recommended,244850,26836989,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NEOparmen,"One of the best open-space sandbox simulators on SteamTotally worth playing, I don't get bored even after 2 years.Sometimes buggy, but it's an early acces game with many possibilities (e.g. mining, building, hunting space pirates etc.)9/10"
,Recommended,244850,13103924,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DarkExcalibur42,"The devs working on this game are seriously dedicated to the quality of their product. They know what they're doing, and getting weekly patch updates as they continue to expand and refine this game is amazing.Even if they stopped trying tomorrow, this game would easily be worth $40 given the amount of entertianment it's provided me, and will continue to provide. And that's the best part: they haven't stopped. They keep making it better.This game is pure gold. It's essentially a box of space legos with mining."
,Not Recommended,244850,22328643,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,demolish50,"This game is now completely unplayable in MP. It just gets worse and worse with every fix. I can not recommend this game anymore.  I do not believe Keen has the staff to fix and make MP functional. If you want to play SP you may enjoy it. But forget MP.-3906.9 hours.-Admin of the most populated server of the game, Fountain Core."
76561198061141608,Recommended,244850,13928524,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ivan of Spades,Like LEGO's in space.10/10
76561198090768628,Recommended,244850,18064951,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,TheStaticPanda4,"Space Engineers is an Early Access game and have been for quite a while. It is in Early Access game with quite a bit of content and more is being added on constantly.What is in the game?This is an open sandbox game with lots to explore, it is not your typical sandbox game, it is a unique sandbox-space game. There is lots to do, you can build spaceships, explore outerspace, build space stations, have ship fights with friends in your almost fully destrutible enviroment.Is this game worth the money?Personally I think it is worth it, there is so much to do in this game, there is two game modes, Survival and Creative. Pretty self explanatory but Survival is where you are trying to gather your supplies and trying to survive and create your spacestation, but in creative you get to create your own spaceship or spacestation or whatever you want to make with all the tools at your fingertips.Yes the game is a bit expensive 25$ at the moment, it did go up recently from 20$ if you dont want to spend that much then just wait for a sale when it will be much cheaper.The game is fun but even more fun with some friends to mess around with.ProsHuge Workshop, there are over 150 thousand workshop submissions from Spacestations, Spaceships, and all kinds of machines.Regular updates to the games, some great devolopers working on this game they update 1-2 times a month.Great game there is so much to do, you can have huge space battles with friends, build an army of spaceships, have races in fast spaceships, build a deathstar.There is a great high detailed tutorial that helps you figure out this game which can be pretty complicated at first.ConsAgain this game is a bit expensive, 25$ is quite expensive for some people but it does go on sale and when it does you should get yourself a copy and maybe one for a friend.The controls for flying ships are a bit hard but once you get used to them it becomes more enjoyable.It does take a while to build stuff and can be challenging and frustrating when a friend or someone or even yourself destroys your creation in a matter of secondsMy final thoughts and opinion of Space EngineersThis game is still in Early Access and is one of the better sandbox games i have seen and played so far. There is 100s of hours of gameplay to offer and maybe even thousands. There is plenty of mods to try out and play. There isnt very many gamebreaking bugs (or none that i have found or heard of) but the developers are always updating and patching bugs. This is a great game for early access and i am excited to see what is to come later, i highly recommend this game to fans of sandbox games, and fans of building games."
76561197991790654,Not Recommended,244850,25474898,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dreamfire,"Space Engineers is an ambitious game. However, it has two huge problems. To counter that, it has some of the best ship building and flying for anything that you build.A) It's a sandboxB) It's a buggy mess.Now, before the introduction of planets, the sandbox aspect was more or less not a big problem - all resources were accessible if you could just find the right asteroid. Survival was a thing you could do.Come planets though, mining planetside and progressing to get into space became nonexistant. Multiple ""features"" are ignored, despite being buggy across months of patches. Currently the game is stuck in bug patching hell, and every bug ""fix"" seems to introduce three more that were worse than the last.It's great if you just want to play around in sandbox and make things, but forget about enabling meteor storms. If you're on a planet, they cause damage to all the voxels, slowing things down, and they have no parameters that you can set to make them seem challenging but not overwhelming.They mostly need to work on world generation and progressing from planets to space, neither of which seem to be on their roadmap. To make it all worse they released Medieval Engineers before it even really hit an Alpha state!"
,Recommended,244850,23094270,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SirHamsterAlot,"Ok, i have been playing this game for a while now and i think its time to write a review.Pros:+ great potential+ lots of things to do+ SP+ Great non-toxic community+ Capital ship battles with my friends+ update videos, dancing dusan(music video coming soon maybe?).+ Community plays a huge part in the design of the game.Cons:- Bugs, lots of them- MP sucks, (netcode improvements are coming tho.)- optimization (working on it tho)- Crashes- rotors, pistons and all things CLANG.In general i would recommend this game to anyone who has creativity and likes Space. The community is great and the devs bring out lots of teasers and information about development, its even possible to chat with some of the devs on xocliw's (community manager) stream or on discord.-Sirhamsteralot"
76561198019388219,Not Recommended,244850,30170066,Posted: 25 February,all,gigngogn,"Interesting game that brought a lot of new ideas to the genre, there are a lot of very interesting and solid mods out there that add a lot of replayability and complexity to the game, it still has a large and active community.Sadly it is plagued with numerous bugs and problems with the engine from the very beginning.Lately the bugs and problems are getting worse, Keen Software House seems unable to get a grip on the problems plaguing the game, in fact the game is now at a point where it has become unplayable for me.Numerous bugs in the physics engine, failed multiplayer, massive problems with bigger models, items falling through the ground and, worst of all, sudden freezes every few minutes or directly after loading where the game can only be killed with the task manager loosing all progress, have made the game an exercise in rage control instead of an enjoyable adventure.I have lost hope that Keen Software House will be able to fix the game, i think there are problems with the underlying concept, the way the software is build, that make it ultimately unfixable.Well, time to move on to greener pastures, sorry, can not recommend with a good conscience."
76561198030027617,Not Recommended,244850,23658202,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dusty_yost,"This use to be a good game, but recently all they do is bug fixes, however i swear its glitchier now than its ever been. the only ones making this any good is the modding community."
76561198047802899,Not Recommended,244850,34541984,Posted: 27 August,all,Koichi,"After three years with this game I don't think I can recommend it as it currently stands. Physics bugs, MASSIVE memory usage and a tendency to crash when welding or grinding blocks (IE THE CORE MECHANIC) make for an unpleasent experience all around. Updates over the years seem to have only made things worse. Requirements climb, performance plummets and bugs lurk in the code, never to be truely eradicated. Maybe one day this game will be worth what it goes for but that day isn't today."
,Not Recommended,244850,26262984,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tarask,"The game have a great potential. With time and practice you can do so much.The problem is : You can do it alone with no problem, but it's impossible in multiplayer. Actually, the netcode is broken, things randomly explode, the game start to lag with a few hours in.Great game but taken down by a confuse netcode and no communication around. The only things devs will tell you about the netcode is ""soon""... Sorry guys but more than 1 year of waiting is not ""soon""."
76561198043812933,Recommended,244850,21829648,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bibliopol,"This is an awesome space building game. Although it's been called a simple ""destruction simulator,"" the survival/pvp possibilities are astounding. (Beefy pc is a must. GTX 660 2gb suffered low fps on higher settings)Edit: Typos, added content."
76561198002516225,Recommended,244850,10107092,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Underbank,"This is a very engaging game that I'm delighted to have bought.  When it first was available through Steam, you could just work in creative mode, and that was fun. I spent some time happily crashing spaceships into station platforms.  Since that time, October '13 I think, it has come a very long way.  Survival mode, Workshop creations, multi-player and even NPC ships that can be highjacked if you dare. The developers watch the forums and respond to anything from ""send me your game world to be checked"" to actively focusing on fan desired features!No regrets in buying this. It's one of my favorites."
,Recommended,244850,8914975,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Cap'n CornFlake,"*****NEW AFTER PLANETS REVIEW EDIT*******Alright sit down and shut your dirty mouths. This here is Space Engineers, or what I like to call it 'Spengies'. Sure sure, it came from humble beginnings featuring only station construction and ship construction as well as creative and survival. It has been a longggggggggg time since that quaint little game was first released. NOW we have a beautifully crafted video game with limitless possibilities, not only in space BUT also on planets too. SO BUY IT WITH ALL YOUR MONEY, DON'T STOP THERE. BUY IT FOR FRIENDS, BUY IT FOR NASA, BUY IT FOR GRANDMA, WAIT FOR GRANDMA TO DIE AND INHERIT IT IN HER WILL! JOIN US WHILE WE SPEND MORE THAN AN HOUR TRYING TO FLY AROUND PLANETS AND THEN SAYING 'SCREW IT' AND TRYING TO LEAVE THE ATMOSPHERE ONLY TO REALIZE THAT STOP AT BURGER KING THREW YOU OVER YOUR SHIP'S WEIGHT LIMIT AND NOW IT'S BROKEN TO PIECES AND YOU'RE STRANDED ON MARS.But seriously buy it though."
76561197966562725,Recommended,244850,9778812,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,flyinghitcher,"I put about 20 hours into this so far.I have had some great fun with this, it is a highly creative game witch is right up my street having been an addict of Second Life, Minecraft. The only let down would only be the community which has it's fair share of griefers spoiling things for there own amusement. That shouldn't put you off though as you can set the game to disallow the common things they like to do.Graphics are 6/10Audio 10/10Gameplay 8/10Development 8/10"
76561198065266893,Recommended,244850,26408509,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Faded Fabel,"I love this game! It's an advanced version of minecraft in space. I don't particually like minecraft but this game is immensely awesome. You can do all sorts of stuff, build all sorts of stuff, and destroy all sorts of stuff! It's the type of game that you start and what seems like 5mins later you look up and an hour has past. Keep in mind that it is an alpha game so there are bound to be some bugs and lag but you get over that quickly and keep playing. One of the best games I own."
76561198051190414,Not Recommended,244850,29454918,Posted: 23 January,all,Gears,"The game is beta and should be treated as such, single player is fun but quiet.  Multiplayer is amazing but painfully frustrating when things start to lag a bit, which happens quickly on any server that is remotely popular.   Sim speeds drop quickly, ships you've built will do crazy things including and up to destroying themselves and everything around it.  I can't recommend the game in it's current state and I have over a 1000 hours in game.  I really do love this game when it works, it's amazing, but the continuous bugs and multiplayer issues cast a huge shadow over Space Engineers.  I am starting to wander if Keen even has anyone play the public servers to see what it's like.. Wait to get this game until some of those outlaying issues are fixed, if they ever are..   Yes it is a Beta game, and as such I can't recommend it unless you're willing to put up with the frustrating bugs and slow development where it matters, multiplayer framework etc.."
,Recommended,244850,21573413,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Zar'roc,"This is one of my overall favorite games of all time.The crafting and survival systems are all very well balanced, fun, and gives you a great sense of accomplishment as you build yourself up from a basic ship/base trying to meet your basic energy needs all the way up to a multi-planet power.The engineering and design elements are both challenging and engaging. It tests my creativity to come up with functional and aesthetic design, but the end result is more than worth it.The game definitely has more than it's fair share of bugs, however. Optimization is poor at best, and there are multiple game crashing bugs that I run into regularly.That having been said, the developers have put in a staggering number of new features since the game was released, including the MASSIVE and game changing Planets update that was never even initially planned. And the last month or so, they have focused exclusively on bug fixing and it's really starting to show.Overall, the game has issues that I would consider unplayable in MOST games. However, the fun of the game outweighs the frustration by miles, and with the developers history of listening to the fans, I have absolutely full confidence the devs will work out the kinks.I would call this game a must have."
,Recommended,244850,16041325,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,datguylucky,"now even with planets, can't understand why so less players are playing it"
76561198141192528,Recommended,244850,19464224,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Feralstryke,"Great concept, great game, buggy as all hell."
76561198080052628,Recommended,244850,13064043,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Oracle,"This game is so enveloping! The first time I tried survival, I died several times while trying to build a ship because I forgot to build a place to recharge my suit. Then, after about a few hours of building a small mining ship I finished; Only to crash it while mining an asteroid far from base. the only bad side about this game is the buggy multiplayer, but the devs have promised to fix that once planets are out!The Skybox has been changed and looks spectacular! Also, there's now a speaker block, so you can easily rig a simple alarm to tell you if you're going to run into a wall, someone entered your ship, etc.With the addition of exploration mode, your world can be almost infinite! Now the game features an alpha prototype of Scenarios, which will be basically like single player missions.Planets are now here, and i must say, they look fantastic! Unfortunately, I personally had some problems with getting high FPS, but after tweaking the graphics settings a little, it was fixed.Tip: Don't turn grass multiplier up to 10 and then set to HIGH definition of foliage. Great way to break your computer.9/10 A great game that continues to get better!"
,Not Recommended,244850,33597695,Posted: 16 July,all,Ray Liotta Private Select,"In space, no one can hear you complain about the game breaking bugs and unplayable fps (edit: poor optimization) issues"
,Recommended,244850,22061260,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,gespenstdermaschine,"I've played a bit, it's allright."
,Recommended,244850,19226715,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Worlds Sluttiest Pheasant,"Hey look buddy,I'm an Engineer. That Means I solve Problems.Not Problems Like Bulding A sentry or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the enemy team.Because that would fall under the game of Team Fortress 2.I solve Spacial Problems. For example:How am I going to get from one end of the star system to the other to find the enemy?The Answer?Build a ship, and if that doesn't work.Download a Ship with millions rockets, guns and a jump drive.Like this Millenium Falcon I got from the workshop.And you better hope.... I don't find you."
76561198034593356,Recommended,244850,13552502,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,RPM//Kielox,"A creative and exciting game where you get the incredible opportunity to be a space miner and build your own ship. You spend the first hour of the game going around space and getting excited about how cool your life is, and getting basic resources, like iron and uranium. You spend the second hour building your own amazing ship, which is all fine until you realise that you have got no silicon so you can't build squat. Hour 2 to 12 is spent flying around space in a desperate attempt to find Silicon, while your co-op friends shout at you for being worhtless and politely suggest that you should end your own life. You, of course, find no silicon.Hour 12 to 20 is spent alone, crying on the cold hard floor of your bathroom, mumbling incoherently about Silicon - this is where the game breaks the 4th barrier and enters your real life, forcing you to re-evaluate your priorities.10/10, best no-Silicon simulator in the whole Universe."
,Recommended,244850,19274044,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Dylactica,"Space Engineers: A Game of Infinite PossibilityThe HistoryI initially purchased Space Engineers during it's Early Access period fairly close to its arrival on Steam on recommendation by a good friend. Until recently, Space Engineers was a game I would play heavily for a month or so, and then put down for an indefinite amount of time until I got the itch to build a sci-fi wet dream all over again. About two months ago, I heard that there was some talk about putting planets into the game, and I decided to ease myself back into the mechanics before the launch of the new update, which proved to be counter-intuitive as the update changed everything I knew about the game.The ReviewAs the mechanics of the game itself have heavily changed since the introduction of planets, this section will cover my thoughts post-update. Planetary gravity has revolutionized everything about the way this game is played from the ground up. When I first loaded up my new world, I found myself amidst the derelict husk of a spaceship in the middle of the night somewhere on the face on an earthlike planet, out of broadcasting range of my friends. We initially spent the first two hours discovering we were out of range of the strongest beacons, and that we couldn’t seem to build a ship strong enough to escape the planets gravity, much less keep them upright during the building process. Eventually we discovered that it all came down to mass, center of gravity, and the angle at which we tried to escape the atmosphere.This is what draws me to launching this game every night, the sudden tangibility of theworldsolar system post-update. You can easily lose a ship you spent hours assembling due to a misplaced thruster, crashing into a planet leaving nothing but a crater behind. The map spaces are so large that you can lose your base, your friends, and all sense of direction. The core difference between gameplay as it exist now compared to a year ago, is that you frequently have to build something to address a crisis, and not just because you want to.Despite all of the positives this game brings to the table, it does struggle with some graphical and physics based glitches. While most of these boil down to minor annoyances in the grand scheme of the game, there have been moments when these issues have rendered my game unplayable.It would be a travesty to discuss what makes this game great without touching on the fantastic modding community attached to it. The people who love this game have created everything from small physics fixes to gigantic rail canons capable of punching a whole through practically anything. You would be missing out if you didn't browse through the Steamworkshop for this title.The TakeawayThis game provides a form of sci-fi fantasy fulfillment rooted in compelling physics, and a fantastic community. While this is not a game for the easily frustrated, as it suffers from a variety of technical and graphical glitches, I have found that almost any question I have is answered shortly by a quick browse through the forums, and the developer has frequently implemented changes derived from player feedback (i.e. the planets update). If you are willing to invest the time to learn the games physics and nuanced mechanics, the payoff is worth it.Good fit for: Sci-fi fans, Simulator junkies, Creative types. Bad fit for: Fast-paced gamers, Glitch haters."
,Not Recommended,244850,31229338,Posted: 18 April,all,A pissed off turtle,"I've had this game for a while, and it's almost as broken as ever. Here's a small series of events that happened today (keep in mind that this is just one of the many examples I have).My friend and I were on a planet, and I was flying around with a plane thing. I got a lag spike and crashed into the ground. We tried to rebuild the plane by attaching a projector to a truck. While building the plane it and the truck smashed into the ground with the force of a thousand black holes, leaving a big crater and destroying all our work. Then we quit.There's also some very nauseating graphical bugs, like the one that causes the lighting to change very suddenly and harshly.I get that the game is early access, but I find it much less excusable when Keen Software House is currently working on two early access games at once yet doesn't seem capable of developing either."
76561198043341387,Recommended,244850,15816486,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,XenoMorphicRex,"Though this game is still in Alpha, and has a few annoying bugs and Glitches, I still love the Hell out of it. I'd recommend this game to anyone in a heart beat."
76561198040009414,Recommended,244850,12955536,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,RUM-BigTexasGoat,"Space Engineers is by far the best sandbox game I have ever played.The only problem is the multiplayer lag issues, due to server and PC quality."
76561198180499521,Not Recommended,244850,19629055,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Menos,"At this point this game is absolutely not recommended for anyone but die-hard alpha testers.The game is fun - basically - you build your space ship on beautiful (hand-crafted) planets or in space or both, fly around, gather resources, build more stuff, fight alien spiders for resources, build more stuff. It is basically like half a Minecraft in space, just without the long-term entertainment and reasonable multiplayer.On the other hand the game is so full of bugs right now, that playing is painful. Crashes, safe-file corruptions, they got it all. Multiplayer has been neglected for years now and unless you like playing on servers with 5 fps that crash every 20 minutes it's just not fun at all.KSH releases an update every Thursday with incredible updates like ""Planets now have more stones, and some of them contain ore."" At KSH this is the result of a full week of work. Oh and also they add bug-fixes to the changelog, but that doesn't mean that those bugs are fixed, just that it says so in the changelog. And they add new bugs to the list, game-breaking ones that everyone who tested the game for at least five minutes would have noticed, but obviously KSH does no testing at all.Since the source code is available on GitHub it is painfully clear that KSH has basically no idea how to make a game, or to code. For example every random coder that does Minecraft mods gets a power system right, KSH doesn't manage to do that in month. Obviously adding and subtracting some numbers is already beyond the capabilities of this company. Don't expect this game to ever go out of alpha, the developers just don't have the skills to do that ever."
,Recommended,244850,12476841,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Nameless Oblivion,"This review is of the Early Access (pre-release) version of the game, current as of 10/13/2014, and pertains almost exclusively to the Survival mode of the game.Early access it may be, but Space Engineers is worth a look if you enjoy builders (eg. Minecraft-style) games. I've spent much of the past weekend mining, refining, assembling, and then building the components of various ships and devices, to much enjoyment. Flight is Newtonian, jetpacks are standard, and the freedom of flight on top of the construction mechanics is enjoyable.However, like most builder games, Space Engineers has a large element of resource collection and extraction. In this case, it's also part of the charm - there's nothing like building your first tunnel-boring machine and using it to core right through an enormous asteroid - but expect to spend some time mining if you're not simply playing creative mode. That means some relatively mundane mining - whether it's small scale mining by hand, or large scale resource extraction. It also means finding ores, but the game provides tools for this (ore detectors, lights, and conveyor/connector systems) to permit a player to facilitate this as much as possible mechanically without actually removing it.When creating a survival mode world, give some consideration to your intended style of play. For instance, the game offers the opportunity to let welding (construction), grinding (deconstruction), refining (ores into ingots), assembly (ingots into components), and general inventory size be faster, more efficient, or simply larger. These changes can alter a survival mode game into something much more like the creative mode, or allow a single player to have the ability to move the ores and components of ten men when multiplayer is not available. None of this will stop a single player from playing as they wish, but it will have an impact on the level of tedium a player may have to ignore or overcome to enjoy the game.Full disclosure: I'm currently playing a ""all settings realistic"" Lone Survivor start, where I've gotten my first mining barge up and running despite starting with nothing more than a hand drill and the basic machines needed to process ores and materials. There's a sense of satisfaction attached to starting with ""nothing"" and bootstrapping yourself into an effective spot.As it's early access, the only ""threat"" the game proivides is in the form of wandering mostly-passive cargo vessels (turrets ahoy) to attack, scrap, or plunder (optional and default to off), or metor swarms hammering your landing pads and ships. Metors can be avoided easily by building some basic armor for your stations, or building them in the shadow of the rocks, but on the highest settings you'll be hard pressed to avoid the constant barrage of rock from above.I'd recommend this - but keep in mind it's a lot like Minecraft. Sandbox and passive play is the order of the day, not frenetic action. (Though, the game certainly seems to support it, with gatling guns and rocket pods along with its assault rifles and jetpacks.) It's a much more spartan and simple affair than its learning curve will initially indicate, but there's plenty of sand from which to build your castle-in-the-sky."
,Recommended,244850,14214436,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Autistic Bandit Main,"Ok, no matter what anyone says, this is not minecraft in space.Space Engineers is way ahead of any other alpha game. It's physics are amazing and are a force for haters to reckon with.The graphics are great and the music adds atmosphere to it. It's graphics are ahead of their time and have been and still are being perfected. The gameplay is great, unless you've got a crappy PC (unfortunatly thats me too) so I found that using a reasonably good Toshiba PC works just fine. There is no actual storyline, you've just gotta go along with what the world gives you.Graphics: 9.5/10 Graphics can cause some lag.Physics: 8.7/10 They still need to worked on,,,, a lot, but are still ahead of their time.Gameplay: 9.9/10 Still needs to be tweaked, but still love it!Overall Verdict: 9.8/10 It's still a great game, but needs that little bit of tweaking.Would play over and over again just to have my base destroyed by asteriods."
76561198091936350,Not Recommended,244850,22497092,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,a.miligh,"short review: great concept, lots of potential, fun to play, large variety and easy use of mods.Sadly the game is weakened by lots of bugs even by Early access standards, multiplayer hardly playable, weekly updates causing more problems than they solve. I recommend buying it at a discounted price or in a few months when hopefully the most annoying bugs will be resolved.PROS:-you can build nearly everything you can imagine-large world maps including huge planets ready to be explored.-provides interesting engineering challenges for building spaceships/stations, planetary bases etc.-Survival and creative mode Wich allows you to play the way you want-Huge amount of player scenarios and creations to play with, and you can publish your own easily!- large variety of mods available on the workshop, to enhance your experience-multiplayer modeCONS-weekly updates create more problems than they solve, forcing you to face new bugs every week-they main engineering features, rotors and pistons, still cause problems since their implementation-the amount of issues is too much, even by Early access standards-poor optimization, compatibility issues with graphic cards-the game can't handle huge structures or big scenarios-lack of proper enemies in survival mode-multiplayer users experience most of the bugs, to the point of being unplayable-tutorials are insufficient to explain game mechanicsCONCLUSIONIt's an amazing concept, and I have no doubts that more stable updates will remove most of the issues. It's worth buying at a later date, however, when major bugs in MP and SP will be resolved. The constant instability of the game due to new bugs introduced every week is going to turn you off from playing it. That's why this review is negative. Space Engineers needs to have more stable updates, and bugs must be at least not evident the moment we start the game. Early access can exscuse most of them, but some don't need even testing to be seen, and those are not exscusable.I am confident that in the upcoming months major bugs will eventually be resolved, and thus I recommend SE at a later date or at discounted price."
,Recommended,244850,23700348,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,parkasever,"Updated review:Space Engineers is an undefined game, and that makes it alive after all these years.Basically, it's like Lego - you can assemble spacecrafts, space stations, land vehicles and outposts and show off your creations to a huge community of engineers.The community in this game is where it's at.This alone is a great game on itself and I've spent hundreds of hours playing it. It makes you feel like a strange blend of a child and an engineer - the game allows you to go deep and think about power management, weight distribution and cost in material. You feel satisfied when you come up with a clever solution for a problem that you made up in the first place: How can I make a flying aircraft carrier or an automated space miner?Other options - like singleplayer or multiplayer are undeveloped. Multiplayer is fine as long as you prearrange a session with your friends. Open servers are a bit of a gamble (I guess like in any game).I am looking forward to the official release of the game.It is definetly worth your money!"
,Recommended,244850,10222961,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,The Legend of Seph [MAZDAMOONEY],"This game has potential to be GOAT if done right. A fantastic take on the ""building block"" genre that has one of the best destruction/physics engines I have ever seen. Can't wait to see what it becomes, as it's amazing even in it's alpha state!Update: PLANETS. Get this game, now! A perfect example of what PC can do. It's truly something to remember now."
,Recommended,244850,34311822,Posted: 17 August,all,PigeonFeet,"after 500_ hours i need to write a review to counteract the negativity, the creator of this game has made many settings to make framerate no longer a problem, and people still complain about it. (View distance, max blocks, objects, fauna, asteroids, world size, ect.). Not to mention this game is still in Beta. It offers many building items to keep me satisfied, but that doesnt mean that they could still add more not as useful items (like the spaceball item).  Not only that people complain about the survival factors, in vanilla there is Oxygen, Energy, Hydrogen, and with mods can add food and water. The only time i experience lag is when i have build a MASSIVE ship with lots of mods or useless components. A few weeks back i Made a huge base, a dropship, and two rovers and had no lag problems. Now it can get boring after a while without friends, but with just 1 other friend you can battle together, survive as co op, ect. the oppertunities of what to do can double. Not only with that if you have a hard time building there is an expansive community in the workshop. Do i recommend this game, YES."
,Recommended,244850,9488255,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Harmonica,I was pretty skeptical about buying into yet another early access game when looking into Space Engineers and it took some more convincing than the usual reading through the Steam store but eventually I did end up getting the game. To my delight the development team has been really hard at work with releasing updates which more often than not contain noticeably good tweaks to content and optimization. Updates are seen at a regular interval of about twice a month and if there's one thing I learned from fooling myself into getting Starforge and watching the progress of Starbound it's that steady updates are king and there's nothing more irritating that developers who spend more time talking about how great the game will be when it's finished than they do working on the game. As with any early access game there's still a lot of work to be done; the most recent update was as a fantastic jump on optimization which allows for collisions to be made without losing literally all of your frames for a few seconds but the Survival mode which was also implemented with it is still at a lackluster state where it's only really worth checking out if you want to demo what will soon come around. You can't really lose with holding out on buying an early access game but if you're considering Space Engineers I feel that I can tell you it's worth picking up.
,Not Recommended,244850,30193717,Posted: 26 February,all,Charmics,"Don't believe the recommended computer specs; they're a lie. It's a gamble whether this game will run decently on your pc. It has next to nothing to do with how good your computer actually is.Despite an entire year focused on resolving such issues, the game is still a horribly optimized buggy mess. The developers are obviously incompetent, ignore issues which plague most users, and lie about the state of their game so that they may get more people yet to give them money. It's theivery, frankley.  Do not buy this game. Buy something else.Visit the discussions if you want to see evidence of what I'm saying here."
,Not Recommended,244850,31355517,Posted: 25 April,all,Tibelius,"Fun game, but riddled with massive bugs. The development of this title seems to be focused on pointless things and not optimizing anything that already exists. Most things seem broken or uninteresting after a while for example all vehicles have been buggy pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ever since they first introduced wheels in the game. Also the global speed limit of the game engine makes everything a bit lackluster as it creates this barrier for creativity and at the same time makes travelling in space unbelievably boring.I'd say avoid this title until it's fully released, if that ever even happens. I truly don't believe Space Engineers will be concidered as feature-complete ever."
,Not Recommended,244850,26378362,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,The Traveller,"I trully loved this game, it is basically Lego space ships that you can fly and crash, now with planetary survival. What big kid wouldn't love that? I've had this since very early on and have enjoyed it greatly as you can see from my hours. The updates have come thick and fast and i have enjoyed almost all of them, yes even the exploding cyber dog's have fond memories for me. I have some how manifested the patience to create so many ships, small to vast, but it is a painful and lonely game a lot of the time. If you want to become a Master Builder, expect the same game hours as the comments here, it is more an act of devotion than a gaming experience. I have had city sized vessels torn assunder by landing feet, exploding like a small nuclear device. I've had planet surfaces become sticky, pulling me and my colonies into what can only be described as a kind of limbo. I've had pistons for elevators, that seem to repel gravity drives and ricochette out of the ship close to the speed of light.As much as I have created on here, loved this game, and excepted the 'mishaps' as a part of the experience, I have become tired of playing alone and taking the massive time wasting glitches on the chin. We create masterpieces, but other than giving them away on the workshop, you can't share your creations. Privately rented servers, no matter how powerfull, can't handle multiplayer; more than 4 people or more than 400 blocks on your ship and you can expect to see some serious Invisible-Space-Kraken encounters.I'm sorry KSH, I held out, but we've grown apart and I don't think this is working anymore. It's not you, it's me, actually no it's you. Perhaps we can be freinds, and one day way down the line, meet up for an awkward coffee. You can provide the slightly less shakey but still effectively unplayable multiplayer and I'll whip up a quick Starship Bebop.See you Space Cowboy's..."
,Recommended,244850,17409915,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Seabass (The Human),"A great game from the design of the UI to the physics system driving the whole experience. You can build a spaceship and fly it. Every geeks dream.I found myself stepping away from this game after every hour of gameplay because space feels empty. Space is depressing. There is no where to go. Nothing to do past building a ship and collecting resources to build a bigger ship. Perhaps if I wasn't playing by myself and instead on a multiplayer server I may have had quite a different experience.To clarify, there are places to go, passing ships, etc. But you will never find another living being. Just empty ships drifting through empty space."
,Not Recommended,244850,22313013,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,WarDave,"Well let me start out saying I have  1,611.3 hrs on record for this game so far. This game had tons of potential only to fall short due to bugs that never get fixed or never stay fixed (pistons for one).They seem more interested in adding more features vs fixing all the deep issues this game has. It's nearly impossible to have a stable server with a player count over 8 to 10 people if they are all active mining/whatever.In my opinion they should get the game as stable as they can then add features after that, but logging in and having bookmarks/ships/whatever up and disappear for no good reason makes it hard to play multiplayer.To even think about hosting a half way stable server you have to run third party tools like server extender even then you have to jump through a lot of hoops. I couldn't tell you why keen didn't hired the person who made Server Extender, the server end would be a bit better if they did.I usually get a itch for the game every so often and will play for a bit until I cant deal with the bugs anymore and quit for a while hoping they fix it at some point only to keep being repeatedly disappointed.If you catch it under $10 on sale and want to gambling it will turn into something better go for it. With keens past history I hope they just dont release the xbox version and bail out on us. We shall see.With all the negative comments I have posted above I will say when the game works with out crashing or pistions killing you and your entire family its unlike any other game thats out.My expectations of a great space engineers game would be to have at least 30 people doing whatever they want with in reason and no lag/slow down on the server.But go look for yourself if you have it pull up a server list see how many servers have 15 or more people in them, not many."
,Recommended,244850,13445330,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[M8B] Paul Williams,"While perhaps more of a ""design and program"" game over an engineering simulation, Space Engineers is a very approachable, fun space sim that gives you far more creativity over other space sims. The game offers two modes - Survival and Creative - both allow you to build your own space ships and space stations, one of which actually requiring you to mine, refine, and assemble materials into parts before welding them into your ship.The game is a little slow and meaningless if you play it by yourself but if you can find some friends to share a base with, and create factions to fight each other, the game is very entertaining due to the number of possibilities. The limited number of game functions at the moment is offset by the Workshop, which seamlessly (YES, NO ISSUES!) integrates hundreds of new blocks and backgrounds into the game without a hickup, only requiring a slightly longer load time. If you can manage to find people you like (or hate) to play the game with you, you will have a blast. However, single player doesn't offer too many fun possibilities, as building a ship doesn't really accomplish anything without having something to use it for - you will be alone in space in the most literal sense.While it lacks some more advanced mechanics calculations and possibilities for real engineers, it does offer those with a knack for programming and configuring controls the opportunity to customize features and design complex mechanisms to accomplish various tasks ranging from opening a door to operating a complex automated train line. It is a load of fun when you design things you can show off to other players (and attack them with), but be prepared to not be very useful at the beginning - some things aren't too intuitive, and PvP can be brutal."
,Recommended,244850,25764040,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Flesh Bullet,"After Reviewing many many reviews, most of which were negative, I asked myself why this game was so hated. I have stuck with the game since a few days after its initial release and, while it does have a few shortcomings, I am extremely impressed with this game and plan on continuing to play it, and while it does have some shortcomings, the game itself is an extremely good game for an early access game. I look forward to seeing what the official release will bring.Before jumping into a constructive breakdown of what I have experienced in this game I wish to note the main source of negative reviews on this game. People are voting negative because of the games networking issues and general bugs, however what many people who posts those reviews fail to realize is thatTHIS GAME IS NOT COMPLETE!Please avoid making reviews directly based upon bugs until the game has been officially released!Positives and Reasons To Buy This GameSandbox:Obviously this games number one purpose, those who play Minecraft, Starmade, Kerbal Space Program, No Man's Sky, or even Garry's Mod should at least find some measure of satisfaction with this game, if not immense satisfaction. You are able to mine ore/terrain in a completely destructible voxel environment, or simply throw down a few warheads to blow up a massive hole to live in, while at the same time being able to make ships or even automated machines to do the mining for you. You are able to build ships and stations from scratch, and automate their construction and semi-automate their repair even when some sections are missing. (thank you projectors!) With that same block you are able to create saved ships from a projection as well. When this game was in its earlier renditions, I even went so far as to develop a miner thatcould eat a smaller asteroid in nearly two passes. Back then I was sad because I couldn't share the project with anyone or easily remake it, but now you are able to save it locally or upload it to the workshop! (wish I wouldn't have deleted that save!)Development:Every Thursday, whether or not I am looking to play the game, I always check the update notes, because every Thursday Keen does a software update on the game. This is the only game I have ever done this with, and generally I ignore update notes unless its a multi GB update. Why, you may ask, do I pay attention to the more numerous and minor updates instead of paying attention to other games with fewer, more comprehensive updates? The answer is simple. This game has gone above and beyond my expectations when I first bought it, added many more features than I expected, and even added some features the devs said they probably wouldn't add *cough* planets *cough*.  Never before have I been so tied to a games development. Not only that, but with each update comes assurance that the devs are always working on the game and always moving it forward, however so slowly it may be going at times. Beyond that, the game itself has come a long ways from its initial relase. In the above section, the miner that you see in the picture used to make it so pretty much no one could move effectively because the simulation speed was brought down to 0.3 out of 1 every time it turns on. Now, however, after remaking a similar miner on a much more crowded server, the simulation speed was staying stable at around 0.8.Workshop Integration:This is the biggest, and best reason to get this game. As of the time this was typed up, space engineers has 193,072 items on the workshop ranging from small ship blueprints, to mods that add drills the size of your entire starter ship! The community is constantly adding many cool and new mods and creations that it is doubtful you will tire of it soon. From the well knownAzimuth mod, to the more specializedSANCHINCORP hoverbike mod, or even to creating your own mod so you can have what you want in the game!Combat:""Now whats the point of having this big destroyer if you dont have a target for it?"" you might ask. Well there are plenty of places to prove your mettle in combat if building massive stations or designing mining ships just isn't your thing. EVE online players, be careful as you may get sucked into this one. Not only are you able to engage and defend agains hostile NPCs, but factions get taken into effect and you may very well find that you and your faction/friends are being assaulted by another faction or group. Or, maybe you were on a mining trip and stumbled upon a well tucked away base. You mark your location and come back with the big guns to neutralise the defenses, then loot their containers while they are away or even salvage the entire station/ship.All in all, these are the primary things that I believe contribute and make up this game. Believe me when I say that there are many other things that are awesome to this game that I haven't included.Negatives and Reasons To Avoid The Game For NowNetworking and Stability:One of the games biggest faults is its networking and communication between peers. I cannot tell you how many times I have spent hours upon hours or even days making ships, mining for resources, and welding them, only to have them completely destroyed by an errant small ship de-syncing and tearing through it like an ICBM. This issue, while not nearly as abhorrent as it was before, is still present and continues to be a source of fear and greif with this game. I have ragequit more than once because of something getting destroyed due to de-syncing.Exiting Planet Gravity:While seemingly a small thing, the simple act of exiting a planets gravity is near impossible to do if you started on the planet in the first place. Planets are abundant in pretty much every ore, however they do not have platinum, which you need for making the non atmospheric thrusters. Hydrogen thrusters, while fast and capable, run out of fuel so fast its not even funny. It took me over 43 different ship designs, from the ground up, before I finally gave in and snagged a ship from the workshop, which still didnt get me to where I needed to be because I ran out of fuel shortly after exiting the atmosphere.Time Consumption:This game can and will EAT your time up as my friendTwoPheatis a great example of. Your game will go and go and you will continue to perform tasks slowly reaching your goal, then you glance at the clock and realize that you probably should have been asleep 3 hours ago. While some people might see it as a great sign, I find it quite irritating coming into work an hour late because I got used to performing the same menial task over and over and over, that I lost my sense of time. Needless to say, after that happened a few times I, setup an alarm to let me know when to sleep and that fixed it.Performance:While not nearly as intensive as it used to be, Space Engineers is still a very demanding game. Expect it to eat up your system performance, especially when dealing with ship to ship combat engagements.ConclusionSpace Engineers, despite still being in Early Access and not being a complete game, can give you immense satisfaction and enjoyment despite still being plagued by a few unavoidable bugs. There are many things that you can do, and an almost exponentially higher number of things you can make so long as you are willing to invest the time to make it.I would highly recommend getting this game if you are looking for a good sandbox game.Note: Your ships may end up looking Phallic in nature, don't worry thats normal, just dont make them pink."
,Not Recommended,244850,24609266,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ClockworkHex,"I desperately wanted to enjoy this game. I did everything I could to make the game as playable as possible. But in the end, this game is an unfixable wreck that Keen has left us with. Few new features are getting added, and we're left with a broken mess that is Space Engineers. For starters, this game is incredibly unfriendly to people who don't have a top of the line computer. Besides for how high the requirements to smoothly play this game are (I probably should have payed more attention to that before buying), the game also only goes as low as ""normal"" for graphics IIRC, and has very few graphics options. In addition, they stopped supporting the dx9 version which turns this from a game my computer can barely run to a game that makes me feel like I'm watching a slideshow.The overall idea though is great, and I loved the idea of building fleets of drones to do stuff for you, a little bit of which I actually did before they dropped dx9 support, and even though I still have the dx9 version, I got tired of 15 FPS constantly so just stopped playing.If Keen ever takes measures to reduce lag, then I might consider trying this again, but until then, I'm just going to have to thoroughly regret buying this game. If you do have a good enough computer, then I'd somewhat recommend this, but this game still has a whole array of other problems mentioned in other reviews."
,Recommended,244850,15541354,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,schwem00,"Great, fun game, although it has a few quirks, such as horrible optimized multiplayer. It gets boring after a while, but I'd say it was worth the money at 160 hours in. Im sure it will start to feel fun again when the multiplayer is optimized enough that I can actually play it without a 50mb/s internet speed.WARNING:You will need a beast of a computer to run this at maximum settings, and a reasonably good computer to run it at all!I can finally change this to a positive review now that steam has removed paid mods, and KeenSWH can no longer consider adding paid mods to their game."
76561198038388811,Not Recommended,244850,20623253,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Rawfish,"This game is like a relationship you love and hate at the same time. You know, a person who looks great and you can have a lot of fun with, but ruins every moment with annoying nagging and sudden emotional explosions. This person knows how stressful this is for you and promises to change this attitude, but simply won't do that. To hide that, this person makes you presents in order to make you forget those flaws. But you don't want those presents... You want this relationship to work!That's pretty much this game.Heck darn, it's fun to play.. or it WOULD be fun to play! Establishing a base, building ships and do things with other players? Sounds awesome! But all thouse freakouts in multiplayer makes it almost unenjoyable. Recently I found a server and played hours on it because the performance was bearable... Yeah, you can call hourly server crashes, violent twitching of objects and other bunches of bugs 'bearable'. Singleplayer or private MP runs almost flawless, but that's not the space adventure you want to have. You want to communicate with other people! Trade with them, explore with them, fight with them!Trust me, I'd LOVE to give this a positive review, but I can't. Not with all those problems. The developers made me have hope for this game, but that hope vanishes with every session i play. As long as it stays like this, my thumb stays down."
,Recommended,244850,28910166,Posted: 1 January,all,[KWA]SGT.KILLCO,"I've seen some reviews calling this minecraft in space - this couldn't be further from the truth.There is a learning curve but playing around with a few of the pre-made ships for a bit will teach you most of what you need to know. You bring your creativity to the table and take it from there. This game has provided me with one of, if not the most, memorable moments in PC gaming:After a bit of resource gathering and getting myself acquainted with my crappy little wreck of a ship I start to feel confident and go off futher and further. While drilling for uranium on an asteroid I foud myself being watched by a ship. The ship got closer and closer and then to my dismay I found that it had weapons. The ship fired on me. I had not thought to put weapons on my peaceful learning ship so I had no way to defend myself - or did I? I jumped from my ship with my jetpack and managed to avoid getting shot. I locked my magnetic boots to his hull and started grinding a hole in his armor. Once inside I saw his vital components. The ship flung itself wildly as I cut away at reactors, gyroscopes, and the like. Soon he was dead floating in space. I felt like I had killed Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥ ...five minutes later his friends showed up and I had a bad day.Would space-whale hunt again 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,20792866,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Sinner_D,"Space Engineers is one of the greatest space games I've played, and considering how far its come since I bought it, I can't even begin to describe the leaps and bounds this game has achieved to someone who hasn't played this game prior to.Needless to say, the latest addition is by far one of the greatest crowning achievements, while the game was quite fun prior, it did lack some sense of adventure and diversity considering everything was just empty space with YAY another damn asteroid. Now the game is strikingly beautiful on top of being and intense build it game.Going over specifics of this game is hard, theres far too much complexity to the base game to sum up its gameplay into a less than novelistic review, that doesn't consider the vast mod base this game has either, which is equally pumping out awesome new things daily.If I had to pick one bad  thing to say about SE, it would have to be the ""static"" celestial environment, granted planets are only barely coming into the game, but even with unlimited universe, high density, planets, meteor showers, random AI, theres still a missing feeling given everything is in its relative positions static, which for me takes away from a space gaming experience.Additionally, the multiplayer could still use a lot of stability work, dedicated servers are still a myth in my book, with regular crashes, and continual ""update screwed the server files"" from server operrators, I find it hard to play this game multiplayer(less I'm hosting) and annoyingly lonely considering I always seem to be kicking everyone shortly before they crash a giant ship into my space station...LOLWith that said, I've got to give this game a 9/10. leaving room for the obvious improvement the devs will be making in future updates.When you're done stealing your mothers credit card, hook yourself up with a copy of SE STAT!"
76561198124730542,Recommended,244850,22477654,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pennywise,"If you like in-game programming, building mining drones, attack and defense bots, guided and homing torpedoes and other smart-weapons, you have no option but buy this game. It has a lot of bugs, but there is no another game like this one."
,Not Recommended,244850,25660608,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Takaa,"As much as I love this idea of a game its time on early access has run out. 3 damn years on early access with no end in sight but that hasnt stopped the Devs from branching off onto another unfinished project (medieval engineers) or from deciding to try the game on console. Until then we get a broken game with a beautiful concept.Plus the controls are an absolute pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ All I want is a simplified menu layout not a damn headache everytime I need to open one of the multiple menus or figure out what random key does something.EDIT: 3 years after release its in Beta! Woo! Maybe itll be finished by 2020? You know, after theyve grabbed everyones money and the game is hopelessly outdated."
76561198096027392,Recommended,244850,13233760,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Pugulator,"A game like no other.    Offering a sandbox style while still retaining a challenging envirement, players are pitted not only against each other, but also against the vast emptiness which surounds them.   Also offering great update support and steam workshop capability, one can never get bored with the vast amount of new mods and addons on the game.   An absolute gem in the sandbox genre which not only requires creativity but also an engineering backround.   An absolute must have for any PC gamer."
,Recommended,244850,27277266,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thijs272,"Space Engineers has reached a lot in the last 3 years.From a simple sandbox space game to a complex game with planets.The Devs are doing the best as they can to improve, optimize and fix bugs.If you want to try this game and love early acces games, go ahead.But if you can't handle the current state of the game, you should wait and return later.You should definitly try this game."
,Not Recommended,244850,31345789,Posted: 24 April,all,Kaz,"Every update breaks more than it fixes, meanwhile singleplayer gets stale quickly and multiplayer features regularly self-destructing ships due to the netcode bugs."
,Recommended,244850,18631256,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,HELLSTONE,Seriously fun if you like space life and surviving all danger that is associated with it.
76561198072215934,Not Recommended,244850,25511194,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Cry!ngW0lf,"What is going on here, we are getting always some graphical,sound updates or some bugfixes. Nobody mentions the huge multiplayer problems, i came to the conclusion that KEEN is not willing to fix that.A multiplayer experience is for this game essential and i have no hope.So my conclusion and my suggestion to new players: don't buy this till is finished or the multiplayer problems solved.I will come back after a main change of the status and redo my Review"
,Recommended,244850,10773091,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Doomsmith,"Space Engineers is a game where you not only ""build"" - but you truly engineer. And you happen to be in space. You have to worry about keeping up your life support systems, finding energy, materials to build - and where to find more materials. Trying to hijack space-shipments is super fun too. There is definately a learning curve with the controls and systems - but with a little patience you'll be a Zero-G master. Fun to play with friends, or also just go into Lego-mode with creative and make up cool things."
,Recommended,244850,20459158,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,veix,"Very good game in single player. Ive forgotten myself in the game multiple times. Creating inventions, blueprinting them and later taking them elsewhere. 3d printing ships etc.  In multiplayer its another story, lots of bugs happen all the time and its been like this since the start when I bought this over 2 years ago now. Ive learned to cope with most of them.Needs quite a good PC to run aswell. When Planets released i needed 16GB ram. Definately worth a try."
76561198048163635,Recommended,244850,14089630,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,jglenn1562,"This game is awesome!the realistic space physics, being able to build massive ships and stations that work, destroying the massive ships and stations, and having the ability to play online with people are some of the wonderful features of this game that I love! One very nice thing about this game is that I have had zero crashes, thats right, ZERO! The game runs very smoothly on my computer, and I have had hours of fun!So for those people out there who love games with physics, space ships, destruction, space, and who love being creative, this is the game for you!!!My name is James, and I approve of this game!"
76561198078833955,Recommended,244850,23747619,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,OmegaSyntax,"Yes, I have played this a little. I am a space engineer in real-life. This game is a war of ideas, which makes for the best pvp situations, or just brilliantly designing your dreams."
76561197985176508,Not Recommended,244850,29934452,Posted: 14 February,all,Strahl,"Early access or not, it shouldn't be more of a bug-ridden mess than when I played it a year ago.The game is amazing, when it isn't doing everything in its power to stop you from having fun. You will die from physics errors, ships will randomly stop working forcing you to restart the server just in order to use them again. And this ship thing happened to me at least every half hour or more. Sometimes batteries will work, but sometimes they will randomly decide otherwise. Ground vehicles? Nope, they will steer like the buggy itself is having a seizure before flipping over with no way to right it.Because of all these errors, I found it far faster and less annoying to just fly and hand-drill all my resources. Even with the occasional death from physics. Save your money if you haven't bought it already. I'm sure it will be good given another 3 years."
76561198030936309,Not Recommended,244850,31322794,Posted: 23 April,all,macson_g,"This game is fun, but gets old pretty quickly.It allows you to mine for minerals, build surface and space bases, ships and rovers. You can also set-up an automated factory line inside your base or ship, create remote controlled vessels and build other contraptions.And that's about it.Granted, it will give you many hours of fun, but for every hour of fun you'll pay with an hour of frustration. I bought this game years ago, and I was hoping it will improve over time. Sadly, the development is not fast enough (or focused on wrong things)On to the bad things:- Multiplayer is broken. You will be stuck, you wil lexperience lag, there will be jitter, weird things will happen. And even if it works, the only interaction you may have with others is to shoot at them.- Physics is broken. Speed limit is silly, colissions are coutner-intuitive, Wheeled vehicles - so prominently displayed in promo screenshots - work in such an awful way it's ubelievable! There is 0 rewardin building a rover/jeep- There is nothing to do except to survive.tl;dr:Multiplayer broken, singleplayer boring, quality still low despite years of development."
,Recommended,244850,28474597,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,[607] DaOyster,"Amazing game if you like sandbox style space building games. If you want the survival aspect, maybe wait a litle longer unless you are prepared for a semi-complete, goaless survival experience. Multiplayer is still a little lacking, but getting better and is still fun with friends amongst all of the crashes. Be prepared to spend 500+ hours building ships if that sounds like the type of person you are."
76561198120857450,Recommended,244850,12472053,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Yup,"Good:  Deeply engrossing.  Unique perspective.  Excellent physics.  Not a Minecraft clone.Bad:  Frustrating and confusing interface (this is coming from a Total War / Europa Universalis fan).  Unreasonable learning curve.  Streamline the messy menus, and add a decent tutorial.  You lose a lot of people within the first few hours of the game.  Like you did me, at first.Conclusion:  Fantastic idea.  Implementation needs significant improvement, but the base mechanics are great."
,Not Recommended,244850,31887843,Posted: 21 May,all,csgo skin lotto lounge free crat,"my previous review ""vanished"" so i'll be short and simple - buggy, slow, laggy, but somewhat fun sometimes"
76561198085448963,Recommended,244850,15582562,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,maksi,Will always have a special place in my heart!450+ Hours already!Weekly updates! Just awesome.
76561198017086364,Recommended,244850,8211716,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,BLACK,"One of the best games i ever played.There are really near no creative boundaries here :)Weekly contentupdates, amazing dev`s, great community, what else could you want ?Thumbs up ^^"
,Recommended,244850,15628950,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Malware,"An absolutely fantastic game in the process of becoming even more fantastic. For instance, we have been promised planets to land and build on. They are in the process of upgrading from DirectX 9 to DirectX11 support (without ditching DX9 for older cards). There has been talk of AI. The multiplayer is being completely rebuilt into something far superior. If you liked your space legos like I did, this is a game for you."
,Not Recommended,244850,22647043,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ELi,"Short ""review"": Wait a year and see if this game is (still) in active developement. In it's current state it's more of a tech demo with a lot of performance issues. But it can be a great game in the future for sandbox and survival game lovers.Good things+ Looks good.+ Fun to design and build ships, station and cars.+ Cool with Star Systems, especially in Survival mode.+ Got battle mechanics for those interested (can be turned off).+ Pretty good damage and physics modeling - stations, ground and vehicles can break in a neat way.+ It's like Minecraft with mods with better graphics but a more shallow tech tree (you can get the coolest stuff in a matter of hours in survival).+ Lots of potential, can be a really great game.+ Strong modding community, you can find a lot of good mods in the Steam Workshop.+ Lot's of options on how to play the game. For example, do you want to start on the moon? Or in the outer space with only a crappy ship?The not so good things- Crashes, freezing your computer. According to the devs they have problem with AMD beta GPU drivers, AND Nvidia drivers. So what should we use? An old Matrox GPU? Anyways, sometimes you can play for 2h without a complete freeze, sometimes you can play 20 minutes, sometimes you get away with ""only"" restarting the game. But be prepared to reboot your computer. I have tried different drivers and settings, and the game crash (most often also freezing the computer) sooner or later. So saving and fully restarting the game every 45 minutes is a work around.- Performance - This game is pretty taxing on your computer and the game has a sluggish feeling to it (even with 120 FPS).And when fun stuff are happening (like destruction of ships/ground) it will get pretty nasty on the frame rate and general flow/speed (often called simulation speed in this game). So if you want to build a massive space station or planet base, be prepared for a single digit FPS and/or playing in slow motion.- Save game corruption. You start up a new game in Survival, you decide to start on ""Earth"" in a Star System with Mars, the Moon and a Alien planet. After let's say 12h when you want to explore the star system you notice that the other planets are gone. You verify this with a save game editor. The moon is gone, Mars is gone, it's only ""Earth"" left. So save games can be corrupted (happened to me at least twice now). You can manually edit new planets in, but that's not the same and they will probably dissapear too.- Progression: If you want the game for a strong Survival experience like in Minecraft (with mods), forget it - you wont find it here. There is no real progression other than mining, no tech tree, nothing to discover since all resources can be found everywhere (besides platinum that can't be found on ""Earth""). This means that there is practically no reason to explore or play this like an adventure, you have everything you need where you start (or at least in 1-2h of play time).- Developement cycle. At this rate I wonder if the game ever will be finished. There are weekly updates that bring new cool stuff. I would prefer if they focused on performance and stability before adding all the ""fun"" stuff. I know it's fun to add graphical updates and stuff like that. And bug fixing is a boring job. But sooner or later you (the devs) have to do the boring stuff too.So, yeah. This game is in early access, developed by a small studio in a slow pace. It got huge potential and besides save game corruption and all the crashes I had fun with it. You should probably wait for your own sake, or get it now on a sale and play it when (or if) it ever get completed. Thumbs down for now but I will be back and hopefully be able to recommend this game."
76561198101045279,Recommended,244850,28406878,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,rexxy,"worth a buy. This is my favourite space game with building and its not a stupid minecraft ripoff, and its getting even better with the new beta. so what are you waiting for? buy it."
,Recommended,244850,35216932,Posted: 25 September,all,Rhemity,Space engineer's the forgotten jewelThis game has had many up's and downs most recently up's as it has moved into a later development stageMany of the old problems that ruined the multiplayer are fixed and the game runs ALOT better sim speeds havebeen fixed net code is nice.if you have this title i suggest taking another look it may suprise you.
,Recommended,244850,11602849,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,FireEater,"This game Is one of my absolute favorite games! I bought this game when it was still in early development (when half of the items did not even work). I have seen this game grow into one of the most amazing games I have ever played. The possibilities with this game are ENDLESS! The survival sandbox and vehicle customization makes this game have unlimited ways of playing. and now with the integration of Workshop mods and maps, there are even more possibilities!  highly reccomend this game to every gamer out there! I have already bought 4 copies of this game (one for myself and 3 for friends) Get this game!"
,Recommended,244850,9712733,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,☠-Klaus Wonderstrap-☠,"I often heard this game described as a cross between Minecraft and Kerbal Space Programme and honestly I think that's a great description of it. Any fan of either game should definately take this game into consideration. Having said that... That does not by any means mean if you havn't played either of them, that you should ignore it! This game is a true gem and I'd recommend it to everyone.The endless possibilities for map creation and the creation of your own challenges and mini games are going to keep you coming back to this over and over again. Wether you are looking for Jolly Cooperation with the construction of mega space ships and stations, want to Blow sh*t up or just enjoy the deep of space, you wont be dissapointed!Great Job Space Engineers!"
76561198052407684,Recommended,244850,10642711,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Menacer20,This Game has a lot of potential... With weekly improvements it offers something for almost everyone.Loving it!
76561198002038187,Not Recommended,244850,24381291,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Mossih,"So...sold as 4-packs, multiplayer barely works past making a few ships then the server starts to choke.-Solution: buy a better computer, the game can't be optimized.Wait, no, its probably your internet connection (because 6 ms is pretty bad latency)So play single player!  The game sells itself by showing you that you can ram ships into eachother.  So you can either paste them in via creative mode, then have a minute or so of fun for $20, or you can try survival mode, spend hours on one ship, then hours on another, then crash your ships into each other by yourself. On a certain genre of interent sites, $20 you could get you a whole month of crashing into yourself, and it would definitely be a lot less frustrating.I can't recommend this game.  Its certainly circling the drain, just waiting for the standard early release ""this is 1.0 release, we've fullfilled our contractual obligations with valve, we're out.Honestly, 3 years and millions in development and its a modicum better than it was when it slid on to the steam store. And like most early release titles, that initial groundwork was so poorly and ineptly laid (as one would expect) that years of improvements and a 50 MAN TEAM can't update more than a FEW BUGS A WEEK, with no new content.Save your money and your future frustration and look for a professionally developed game, because early releases are on the same level you'd expect if some guy in his garage built an airplane. It may fly, but I wouldn't count on it being particularly stable or an alltogether enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,244850,24959308,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,gazmask [C. Yeager],"""A great concept poured in a game is only great when it doesn't crash or explode from time to time, for no particular reason.""- Wikipedia, 2077"
76561198040597530,Recommended,244850,11145080,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,DaSu,sSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCE
76561198016680625,Recommended,244850,9748720,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sackman Jack,"Didn't know the Jetpack key, fell of a platform and spiralled into the infinite nothingness of space.10/10 Best engineering sim since Autodesk."
,Recommended,244850,11429244,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[63e] Zen,Zen approved.
,Recommended,244850,7714365,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Mr Bean,"AWESOME!!!!!!!! (This was all I could come up with back in Nov 2013, only a month after game release)Now its nearly May 2016 and I have got over 5200hours playing this game, I still think its awesome.In the last 2 years or so this game has come a long way from what I remember it was like not long after release. We now have planets to visit and build on as well as a world that is 1Billion K's across to explore. Although, much of it is empty space with asteroids throughout, each and every world can be customised to suit your gaming wishes. There is 100,000's of mods available on the workshop that you can use to make your game experience how you would like it. If you enjoy Star Trek for example, there is many Star Trek themed mods that you could have in your world so you could build the Enterprise or maybe a Klingon Bird of Prey. There is over 200 planets that have been created by the modding community that you could populate your world with.The choices of gamemodes suit many different players, Single Player Creative mode where you can build whatever you wish without the need for resources. This is a great mode for designing and building ships or stations for blueprint creation for use in other worlds and also learning about all the functions of the many choices of in-game blocks. Single Player Survival, with this gamemode you can challenge yoursef to find the resources you need to build your hopes and dreams. There are several scenarios to choose from, each with differing setups to start a game, for example the Easy Start Scenarios give you a station on a planet with 3 basic ships to get you started in the game. in the setup for each game you can customise the setup to make it however challenging you want. From inventory size, crafting speeds to settings like pirate drones and even cyberhounds and alien spiders which will attack you or start chewing through blocks on your base to get to you.Then there is multiplayer, you can host your single player game on your own machine to invite friends to join in, or there is many dedicated servers to choose from. I have been running a dedicated server myself for over 2 years now(spaceengineers.com.au). Now, I will be honest and say the multiplayer Netcode is still a WIP and at times, issues in game will frustrate you to no end. Don't let this put a dampner on how you feel about the game, the developers have stuck to their weekly update schedule and slowly but surely everything is getting better. As with all Alpha development games, some patches can end up breaking the game for some, but be patient as the team will surely have the issues patched up soon.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys building, using and showing off their creations. There is a plethora of player creations on the workshop, including blueprints that other players have created that you can build in game. You are only limited in this game by your own imagination. Search for Space Engineers on youtube too, if this review hasn't been enough to convince you, i'm sure some of the fantastic videos of player creations, machinima and the like would be enough to push you over the edge and make you want to buy it.Hope to see you in game one day, and if you found this review helpful please give it a thumbs up."
76561198000186420,Recommended,244850,15832848,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Danger Face,"I can only say positive things about the team that is currently developing Space Engineers. They are easily the most dedicated and reliable developers I've ever had the pleasure of watching. Over the past.. year and half? I don't know, whatever, they have grown what was little more than a tech demo into a game that is incredibly immersive.If you like sandboxes, space, and physics, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,244850,15844450,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,BenH,You think its hard at first but its really super simple and awesome. Ship building is so easy
76561198010635297,Recommended,244850,15581887,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,charlie fuller,Not only lots of fun but ever expanding. and a great workshop base of mods i already have dozens.....
,Recommended,244850,27770795,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sir,"Fantastic game, one of my favourite games of all time.I've played quite a few hours of Space Engineers and I believe that I will continue to do so (Especially when the game gets better multiplyer).Its just one of those games that would be SO MUCH FUN to play with or against friends. The possibilities are virtually endless."
,Not Recommended,244850,20267072,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,BloodyThorn,"I don't know where to start with this review. With nearly 200 hours, I can say I fell into this game with a Minecraft level addiction. It's been sitting in my library unplayed for a while because the game seemed to lack any real goal, or formal challenge. This changed when they implemented planets.My first and only real run at SE lasted pretty much the bulk of my playtime. Not having any real reason to play the game up until that point. But this go-round I instituted my own goal; I would crash on a planet in a starting ship, I'd get off planet and build an orbital base, from the base I'd build a ship that'd allow me to travel to another planet.Not a complicated goal, but it kept my interest in the game up. I had just gotten to the step where I build my own ship, a mobile base if you may. By that time I had left my orbital base to explore. I had a half-built mothership, a mining ship, and a ship for landing planet-side.I decided to leave my base behind and explore since I now had functioning thrusters, and even better, a warp drive. However, as I moved around my mothership, I noticed some really strange things happening with my docked ships when I moved my mothership. While staying docked they'd still manage to shift in my hangar hull.Well that was kinda annoying. After nearly every jump and every ship repositioning (even after lowering my gyro power to 2%, as I thought that might be doing it) I had to go back to my hanger and re-dock my ships.Anyway, after hours and hours of work, I've given up on the game. Last night I left my ship saved right after a jump heading towards the moon. When I logged back in, I was dead, and my ship was hurling through space at about 42 m/s with no explanation. It was stopped when I saved last night. Sorta, I noticed more and more after I'd jump somewhere that my ship would 'drift' even after inertia dampening it back down to no thrust, it'd accelerate back up to 0.01 m/s.After having to respawn twice and do some quick jetpack work, I was able to get my ship stopped. My mining ship is gone, my lander is destroyed and my hangar has a huge hole in it. No explanation. Hours of work destroyed by a bug.Like any early access game, wait till it's released.UPDATE: 06/02/2016 Gave it a try again, spent a considerable amount of time building until eventually I had two unwarranted ice explosions. Containers full of ice in two ships spontaneously exploded. This game is still not ready for prime-time. I'd recommend steering clear of it.I'd suggest not buying it at all. I doubt it will ever be fixed.I doubt I'll be trying it again. I was also greatly looking forward to Medieval Engineers, I can say with all certainty that I will be passing on it completely. From the mostly negative reviews it's currently getting, I guess it's not a huge surprise."
,Recommended,244850,32660981,Posted: 22 June,all,Madhatter7895,"A game only limited by your imgaination and at times your computers processing power. This game is the best example of a sandbox I have ever played, with one of the best communities I have ever seen. If any of the trailers look good to you I would reccoment just searching the game and watching some videos of what can be done in this game. They will sell it to you faster than I ever could"
76561198219796341,Recommended,244850,21379601,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Amoeba_lord,"In the short time I have played space engineers, here is a story of what happened in a single day on a multiplayer worldDay 1: I spawn in and am blue, a red guy immediatly threatens to kill me and puts me in there ""maximum security"" prison baseDay 2: They force me to do labor...little do they know i drilled at there engines...a lot...Day 3: Their takeoff fails due to busted engines, I escape in there fighter jet and fly to the moonDay 4: I meet other blues, and they are also seeking revenge on red, they see i brought a fighter jet and make tons of them quite quicklyDay 5: They are regrouped, but little do they know, (they dont know much do they) That I began playing nyan cat on my headphones and rammed there cockpitDay 6: Meteor storms destroy 99% of blue baseDay 7: respawn as green and be hunted by yellowDay 8: repeat10/10 would BUT WAIT THERES MOREDay 8, later, I found the red who captured me, and (moment of suspense) did nothing, since I respawned as red10/10 would actually be smuggler of rare rescources and steal peoples parts on large ships occasionally and blow stuff up againEdit: Red who I did this two: please dont hunt me down"
76561197961047065,Recommended,244850,23227295,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Rocker,"Space Engineers is currently in bata mode, and the team at KSH are working hard, providing weekly updates. I highly recommend this game for players who enjoy building virtual worlds. Since there are so many little peices, an upper end computer is required (X64).The physics engine that drives this game is amazing, and the developers are smart about encouraging community development, including a strong Steam workshop MOD system. I've yet to play multiplayer, currently content with working im my evil scientist lab."
76561197998819752,Recommended,244850,22354887,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Devilcat,"""If Minecraft is LEGO, then Space Engineers is LEGO Technic.""Key Features:-Survival game with a focus on building efficiently-Voxel based terrain which allows for landscapes to look smooth and realistic-Can build vehicles like cars, ships, rockets, etc.-Has multiplayer-Players can traverse planets or take to the stars. Possibly discovering other planets-Space piratesPros:-Fun and addicting survival mode-Even if you're more interested in survival mode, creative is still useful for making prototypes and blueprints-Multiplayer is extremely easy to set up-Game gets prepetually updated with new features and bug fixes-Active workshop community creating new blocks, vehicles, scripts etc.-Lots of potential playtime-Good tutorials-Blocks are NOT locked to a universal gridCons:-Game can be confusing at first. Reccomend checking out some ""Getting Started"" guides before jumping in-Building good vehicles is hard and an improperly built vehicle can be the loss of alot of resources. If you're new, test them in creative first-The games physics don't always play nice. Especially in multiplayer. This is a problem the devs are actively working on though.-Can be demanding for weaker machines. Once again, the devs are doing their best to get rid of this.-Rather buggy-Gets stale without friends. Make sure you have a friend to play with before buying. The multiplayer is a major focusOverall. Space Engineers is a really addicting game for those who are willing to put the time needed into it. It takes a few hours of building before you get your first viable vehicle but once you get past that initial difficulty curve, things will go alot smoother and you'll be pushing out amazing creations in no time. And even if you don't like designing vehicles and bases there's an entire workshop full of blueprints which you can import to the game.This game get an 8/10 for bringing a rather unique twist to the survival building genre and keeping it very fun for a very long time despite being full of glitches."
76561198057657274,Not Recommended,244850,31077462,Posted: 11 April,all,[T-D-T] Slinkerdeer,"Sorry, but I cannot recommend this game. After having played it so much and having enjoyed it lots. I cannot say it is worth the money you pay in its current state. Bugs such as rotor problems piston problems, stupid amounts of lag when using oxygen in your ships. And many a death I have claimed from something simple such as exiting a cockpit... The sheer amount of bugs/glitches/annoyances make this game unplayable if your doing anything but building a ship in creative mode. Survival? Don't even ask me about it. I have not yet gotten far at all in in survival due to the reasons mentioned above. Once the creators stop concentrating on other things and actualy fix the problems with this game then I'll be willing to try it again. Truth is it should not have been brought out of Alpha until the issues got fixed. So once again I say this game is currently not worth your money."
76561197961678584,Not Recommended,244850,30854678,Posted: 31 March,all,Bizzmo,"With over 500 hours of gametime on this game I can honestly say that this was a really good game that had great potential. I know alot of people are complaining about bugs and whatnot but those will hopefully be looked at in time. I really REALLY loved this game, the freedom to build whateveryou liked, the realism in when crafting a ship if it wasn't built well in terms of having enough thrust to leave a planet or just build a ship that won't crash because it's not balanced out. Things like this really made me love this game and I had a blast both crafting and fighting other players and NPC pirate ships. Hell I even made a vehicle that ran like a tank because the ground vehicle wheels are buggy (last time I played) and don't work in multiplayer games, BUT! if you use Rotors instead it works perfectly.. just assigned the left rotors on button 1 and the right rotors on button 2 and then just turned the rotors on and off to move and turn it.. like you drive a tank bacically...What killed the game for me is bacically the lack of dedicated servers.Playing solo get's boring fast and playing on someone elses server, some servers just vanish and the same can be said about all the hours spent on building something there and you have to start from scratch again somewhere else and hope that server will be up longer.Bacically I think everyone that likes crafting/building games will have a blast with this game for a few hours, but after that I fear you will lose interest because you either end up having nothing to do or you lose everything and have to start over again and again and that in itself get's really boring after a while. Another issue with private servers is the simspeed and latency, having dedicated servers from the developers means they are finetuned to run the game as well as it can be run.Bottomline... if the devs decide to startup some dedicated servers then I think this game will be one of the best games ever made. It has great potential so I hope they get some servers up in the future or if they never planned on doing it I hope they rethink that decision."
,Recommended,244850,19170258,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,GoTo2k,"Easily one of the best bang-for-bucks I ever had. I bought it a few weeks after it came out and the developers have continuously updated the game ever since. Now, with the recent addition of planets, I don't see any reason not to recommend this game. If you like space and builder games, go for it! Be advised, though, that you will need some creativity as the fun of the game comes from trying out new ways to engineer something to your needs. Also, the developers listen to the feedback of the community. Planets were not initially on their roadmap but we do have them now solely because the community wanted them."
76561198037314902,Not Recommended,244850,33949084,Posted: 1 August,all,SCARRIOR,"This game was an amazing game when it came out, now it just lags all the time and the bugs are hurrendous.Would not reccomendPS:Basically the Dev thought he would make true AI on a $10m budget and somehow put those to shame who spend $120bn and have divisions of thousands comprised of hundreds of software engineers each to program each object an AI would recognise concurrently.Basically the Dev (Forgot his name) sacrificed Space Engineers, Medieval engineers for his ambitions to start up an AI company on a $10m budget,"
76561198073976329,Recommended,244850,19481614,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,OCDVanadium,"Developer conversation:Developer 1: ""I have an idea for an amazing survival game!""Developer 2: ""There are too many survival games already.""Developer 1: ""I know, but this one is in SPACE!""Developer 2: ""MY GOD!!!!"""
76561198061456632,Recommended,244850,30565405,Posted: 17 March,all,HeliPapi,"Space Engineers is a game which I don't really know how to explain. It's a sandbox game, a building game, a shooter game, and an exploration game. Space Engineers takes you out into the galaxy as a space engineer (obviously), starting you off with anything from a fully kitted out base with a large red ship, to nothing but empty space for you to just fly around in until you find something. The game incorporates what I assume to be a randomly generated universe with randomly generated planets and asteroids. Players can choose to play however they want in Space Engineers, you can be a military commander with a giant armored behemoth to a simple farmer, tending to his asteroid (by that I mean mining resources). The game does not have a story to follow, in fact when I was dumped into the world I wasn't given any direction as to what I'm supposed to be doing, so naturally I just went around and blew♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Building in Space Engineers is very easy, as blocks all snap together seamlessly. There are many different types of blocks that can be used, my personal favourite being military orientated blocks which include heavy, armoured pieces that allow ships to take large amounts of damage. Unfortunately, these heavier blocks require a lot more materials to be able to build, and when my ship took a hell of a lot of damage in a battle with another friend I cried myself to sleep because I had nowhere near the required amount of steel to repair even the tiniest part of my beloved ship. Military oriented blocks also refer to the weapons that ships can use  to destroy each other. To my knowledge, there are four blocks that allow ships to attack; Missile turrets, missile launchers, gattling turrets, and sentry turrets. Missile turrets are best used as asteroid defense and to directly attack smaller ships that may be attacking yours. Missile launchers are best used to attack other capitol ships such as battleships, cruisers and carriers as they can be grouped together closely, and can do a large amount of damage in a small area. Gattling turrets are best used as a missile defense, and  the sentry turrets are best used to fend off enemies that may board your ship. The lighter building blocks are useful for creating mining ships to gather resources, as they are light, easy to repair and allow for increased mobility in ships.Mining in space engineers is a very well done system. The jackhammer tool that the player starts off with does a very good job of mining different ores in order to create your ships. Building a ship and attaching drills allows for a much easier mining experience, as larger areas can be mined at one time, and the player does not have to worry about running out of oxygen when going to other asteroids to ,mine.Overall, I'd give this game an 8.5 out of 10. There are a few bugs I have encountered but overall it's a great experience, even though it's only in Beta."
76561198090237578,Not Recommended,244850,26272831,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,sawman210,"Review 01.159... Oct 28, 2016I write this review from the perspective of enjoying to build structures and crafts as I have little interest in PvP, and people should learn to be creative together rather than destructive.Briefly about the gameYou start your game stranded in space in a rescue ship with just enough fuel to carefully navigate to nearby asteroids, or on various planets with a starting base. A number of scenarios are available and can be customized.Your first order of business in space is to find uranium to keep going, then you can search for other ores. Through the use of the rescue ships equipment you can refine ores and create components that will allow you to build, assemble and repair your vessel using a welding torch. Components can be salvaged using a grinder to tear them apart. An ancient hammer drill is used to locate and mine ores ( not very space age ). You can build almost anything your imagination can dream up, using various shapes, however not all combinations will allow you to control everything correctly ( for example the last time I played wheels mounted to pistons could not be controlled).Pro's:Multiplayer allows you to share your game with friends and the server aspects are done in the background. You unfortunately loose your inventory when rejoining a friends game, unless you stored it before exiting. So much for crash situations, or network failures where saving is rarely an option.The physics are fairly real, and components that fall off downed ships can be salvaged for reuse.You have the options during setup to increase the inventory size from realistic to 3 or 10x, however this is still very small, and you'll make many many trips. You can build constructor ships to expedite this with much larger inventories and assembly speed.Currently you don't have to be concerned with eating, you only need oxygen, hydrogen, energy and the materials required for those to carry on.All constructions in the game have structural integrity so if a piece breaks off, it floats or falls a way for later disassembly (limited by item settings).You can switch between Creative and Survival and adjust settings on already started worlds, which is a great idea to save time.Metals can be crumpled and damaged by impact, however its at a performance hit.You can still mine ores in Creative mode, which allows basically an infinite inventory, however great care must be taken when changing back to lower inventory levels, or you risk losing those ores.Blueprints allow construction of additional vehicles using a projector.Cons:The performance is BAD, and gets worse the larger the base, even with far more than the minimum requirements. Moving an item from inventory to storage chest can take several seconds, which is totally ridiculous, compared to the tutorial (an instant drag).You must make many many trips to build anything significant at even 10x inventory, unless you build a constructor ship. Generally its just a slow slog in survival.Controls leave much to be desired, complex, and you can easily get disoriented, using the mouse.All blocks must be welded together in place with is very very slow, you may die of boredom first.You must keep pressing the pickup key to obtain ores before they float away ( in space ) or get underfoot on planet.Textures, colours, etc.. are limited.No Terra-forming tools exist beyond the hammer drill, which is very crude. So much for filling annoying collision holes caused by crashed ships or creating a better seal against a rock face.You have zero sense of surroundings, and your vision is very tunnelled perhaps due in part to the helmet, which can never be removed only opened.If a item gets damaged or you removed it ( a wheel for example ), you may have to go to great lengths to replace it while on a planet, since agility is off the table (at least a piston can be used as a jack stand).Unfortunately I got so frustrated with the poor performance that I removed the game, before evaluating any new features or added parts. Why on earth or anywhere should I be waiting for items to move from my inventory to a storage chest, when I'm the most important thing in the game and all mobs are turned off. The inventory I was looking at, kept showing the entire inventory of oxygen bottles instead of paying attention to what I was doing moving ores from inventory to storage.PS.. Comment to steam... life is not black and white... we need a star rating system in addition to Yes/No 7/10 stars."
,Recommended,244850,13232254,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Captain sparta,"this is a very open game that really pushes on building great ships. stations, or whatever you want to build."
76561198006124165,Not Recommended,244850,23505472,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Bellowoods,"Still the same broken game it has slowly become. Oh wait, I lied, it's in beta now and had some minor graphical overhauls."
76561198305492311,Recommended,244850,34311189,Posted: 17 August,all,Alter2004,"2 years ago downloaded it. Still playing. This is the best ""rating"" a game can get."
,Recommended,244850,13648717,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[STAM] Trobbel,"As always, buying a game that is still in early stages of development is a risky move. It was not without hesitation that I bought this game, and that was even at a 50% sale. Well, after the three first days I had amassed an impressive ~30 hours of playtime simply because I couldn't stop playing!It should be said that I have not put much time at all into the Survival mode, I've almost exclusively been playing Creative mode. If you even consider buying this game I advise you to check Youtube for gameplay videos - there are lots of channels that give you a good perspective on what this game is, and what you can do within it.Well, on to some pros and cons!Pros:+ Vanilla game offers wonderfull possibilities when it comes to construct your ships and bases.+ The modding community is outstanding and expands vastly on the vanilla game.+ The Dev-team seems to update the game in regular intervals. (They even released a major one on X-mas day!)+ In my opinion fairly cheap for what you get.+ Out of ideas for what to build? Youtube is full of incredible channels that feature user created content from Space Engineers that continue to inspire for a long time.+ The ability to save your designs and ""paste"" them into new world. This is togglable when you create a new world.+ Easy to get started with and a world of more complex constructs awaits you if you dive deeper into the game.Cons:- The maximum travel speed ingame might feel pretty slow if you are playing on a large world with long distances to cover.- Game is still in a pretty early development stage, so bugs and glitches are bound to be around for a while.- Public multiplayer can seem infested by griefers unless you are playing with people you know or trust.- Easy to spend way too many hours playing, forgetting other stuff like sleeping or eating...To conclude this review, I would like to say that I most heartily recommend this game to anyone who wants to let loose their creative side when building awesome stuff in space.Just my few cents!/Trobbel"
76561198089260253,Recommended,244850,9555859,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,earthpockets,"No matter how awesome you think you are, NEVER EVER PUT YOUR INERTIAL DAMPENERS OFF! Trust me, it is exactly like the movie, ""Gravity."" Also, this is a very awesome game with epic physics and building! It is worth the money, BUY IT!8/10"
,Recommended,244850,35196589,Posted: 24 September,all,Dr. Novikov,"The game is resource-hungry. There are many bugs in this game. But I never regretted buying it, and had over 2000 hours of fun. I even bought the Deluxe Edition, Medieval Engineers, and Miner Wars 2081 (Keen's game that was before SE) to give the developers more money.There are other ""space building"" games, but none of them is as good as Space Engineers. SE has the best, the most immersive building (you have to place block wireframes, and then to weld them, not just carry 1000 heavy armor blocks and instantly place them like in Minecraft). It has the best mining among all space games too (no magical mining rays or tractor beams ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t). It has round planets. Its crafting is not dumbed down to ""hit a tree, get wood, craft anything"".The great moddability of this game is one of the main factors of its success."
76561197967501808,Not Recommended,244850,29550038,Posted: 28 January,all,Thrashaero,"There is a lot of fun to be had in this game if you like building things in space. OR IF YOU JUST ENJOY GOING INSANE. It is a patience test the likes I have never seen. I like hardcore/challenging games but this goes into absurd territory too often. Once the initial cool factor of space building wears off, it is just a futility/space madness simulator, which it excels at in every way imagineable. Cool graphics and neat functions are very addictive at first, time will fly incredibly fast. Spending many hours throughout the night just to get that next thing built, it will only take a few minutes, you keep putting off bed. Then out of nowhere some inexplicable, random explosion sends all of your stuff that took time to mine, refine, assemble, transport, weld, and configure to be scattered about and deleted as the server detects you're not within some tiny range of the objects. Boy that was fun, it's now 5am all for nothing. Not once, but a couple dozen times this has basically been the case over the years of coming and going every few months. Like a fool, I keep trying to give it a chance. For just maybe one more time I'll get lucky or I just have to put that one extra ounce of effort in and things will be just dandy.Yeah, I know what you're saying. It's all my fault, x catastrophe happened for a perfectly explainable reason. blah freakin blah. But after almost 900 hours and careful investigation of causes I know the difference between what is my fault and what is because of the game. I don't use pistons, rotors, landing gears, nor any mods beyond experimentation and I'm being as careful as possible, one thing at a time, graphics on lowest, on an empty server, <50 ping, good server settings, and i have 16gb ram, 8core 4ghz cpu... but nope, still not good enough?Don't build too much, don't use this, don't do that, must do this before that then this then that...then that's it. Actual large ship combat is a pipe dream, starting a decent foundation to commence such is loaded with constant setbacks. I don't mind figuring out a long list of getting things done, or dealing with a bit of stuttering, and of course my own mistakes and bad planning, but it is extremely tedious and limiting to have to trial and error everything to avoid nonsense issues and there to be little to do otherwise, trying to avoid whatever random BS will happen next.  It is walking on thin ice, all the time.I know what you're saying. It's space, it's dangerous, it's this it's that. Or it's a complex game, it is very hard to program blah blah. Yes, I know. Things will work just fine just enough to get your hopes up that you can move on to the next operation only to bring you down again, having nothing to do with the dangers of space or your actions, just purely the game being stupid and requiring a million band-aids to hobble things along. Usually thanks to processing a stupid amount of data that could be more efficiently handled as well as crappy networking. But that's understandable when things go bad, when there's a lot going on. I'm talking about when you're by yourself and performance is grand, you still get SNAFU's that will make you pull your hair out and cuss furiously. Unless that sort of thing gives you the warm fuzzies.It is loaded with a million features and complex layering of which can seem amazing at first that it works at all, until you realize there's simply too much, making the mp performance terrible and otherwise glitchy as all hell.  The most fun you'll have is exploring workshop entries and messing around in single player in my opinion, but that gets old quick as there is no game otherwise to work towards. The AI is non-existent. Just some cheesy simple spiders and wolves and aimbot ships. No AI characters or factions. Just scripted ships with red signals. It's more of a base/ship making sandbox sort of interactive editor with no real depth of goals to fulfill beyond the chores of mining, fixing stuff/rebuilding and making workarounds because of all the ridiculous conflicts.This is all besides the fact that there is no true physics in the game except locally floating components/ores and ship controls. Planets do not rotate, the sun is geocentric (revolves around everything in the skybox), there are no orbits, etc. No basic temperature of any kind except thruster damage. Things that are essential considerations to space travel. But of course those are the most minor of complaints.Multiplayer: Unless you're lucky to have a few friends on a good LAN, multiplayer is a complete sh!tshow unless you're a masochist. Stuff which took forever to build since most servers want super realism rates as well as having to find some safe space to not get looted immediately. That is IF you don't have the beacon/antenna bug that broadcasts to everyone on the server your location no matter the distance or settings, the items of which are required to keep ships on most servers ironically enough, the thing that allows you to be ignored by cleanup scripts is the bait that attracts the looters. Not to mention all of the horrific lag spikes and sim speed issues, where there is yet to be any decent multithreading to be seen. Then you can't rejoin the server since it's not updated to the latest version or it went off line for a while and you usually lose all your stuff. I simply don't play much anymore, it's always infuriating, a waste of time.Then add  the community is plagued with a lot of complete d!ckheads. I can't count how many times I've been crapped on just for asking a basic question or voicing a normal concern that would come from anybody who doesn't base their entire life around the game. I can understand tough love for mindless curiosities but if you're not in the cult of understanding all of the esoteric ways in which this game screws with you, then the asperger-ridden, spoiled d0uchebag geeks and their equally braindead sycophants drop in and cut you off at the pass eager to start sh!t and troll you away, taking whatever issue you're having personally because their life has nothing else invested, apparently. How they tolerate each other is beyond me. *cough* FOUNTAINCORE *cough*  Most of the nice people I've met are those that play this crap as rarely as I do.We keep getting excuses that it's early access blah blah blah but how long is this going to drag on for? How many years has it been now? We're going on 4 years and it's been in open development how long and where are the significant improvements? There's simply too many hands in too many cookie jars with this clusterfuc|< for it to be a game worth wasting time on any time soon. For all the good press the game has received for their ability to keep pushing updates consistently and have as many sales as they have and the awards given...how do they still not have the programming/director talent required to get this out of dev hell? I know they are an indie dev unit and programming isn't easy but at what point do you graduate the amateur sphere and move to become/hire professionals when you're raking in the money?Right now the game is only for uber geek fanboys with supercomputers who enjoy never ending bugs and zero criticism. Pin the blue ribbon upon their chests for masochist excellence.If you want a better, real in depth review check this one out:http://steamcommunity.com/id/leewells2000/recommended/244850/Also, I see a lot of reviews recommending Empyrion. It looks better in general. Time to get in the escape pod and jump ship, but i'm not holding my breath."
,Recommended,244850,13125077,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Nytonial,"An awesome space survivor in a cold construction environment and a workshop full of mods.Creative mode is great, connecting to friends is an easy way to slam warships at eachother for hours at a time. Though my Mid-tier machine struggles with too many conveyor systems over network.The devs are keeping themselves busy bringing out consecutive updates and features weekly so thers still a lot to look forward to."
76561197990740393,Recommended,244850,25746501,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,otahak,"Let's clear the air. I've been playing this game in 1-2 month fits since about 2014. In that time, I've made everything from hover bikes (using player mods) to full length battle-cruisers. From small orbital mining platforms, to acre-spanning planetary bases. I've made cargo ships, mining vehicles, a replica of the SHIELD heli-carrier, and essentially anything else I felt like.The Good:-Great selection of mods from the community keep this already massive game perpetually new-Great graphics for a voxel game-Continually adding new features and mechanisms. Life support was a game changer.-You can build in creative mode, save the game, and turn that game save into a server.-Despite other reviews - multiplayer *does* work - it's just glitchy. I typically keep persisten objects down to double digits and limit players to about 8. Not super fun, admittedly - but you gotta' work within the constrains of whats possible in the game. I see a lot of reviews here harping on things the game just isn't designed to do (yet, if ever), and it's silly to me because its analagous to complaining that Red Dead Redemption doesn't have lasers and cyborg ninjas.The Bad:-AI is stupid. Last I played, you had roughly 3 options for ""enemies""/NPCs. A) drone ships that are a bit OP if I'm honest. B) These weird spider things that literally jump so high they kill themselves upon landing. C) These odd cyber-tiger looking things that destroy your base while you're off not paying attention. None of them are fun, none of them really add anything to the game, and only seem to be there as a token gesture, like ""ok. here. something to shoot at other than your buddies.""-Game slows down to unplayable depths if you overestimate your computer's ability to handle this game.-Lots of features need tweaking if not outright revamping, but devs seem to have their own agenda/priorities on what gets fixed first.-The planets are MASSIVE! Which would be awesome if there were any sort of reason to visit them. Other than a change of scenery (which in itself is a bit bland and repetitive), mining on planets is a mostly-hands on job as building a reliable vehicle to do this can only be done in creative mode. There isn't as much as liquid water on any planet. And so far - I've been unable to find more than stone iron and ice on a planet.With all this said - I still highly recommend this game to anyone who's ever enjoyed building their own spaceships, stations, or just wants an excuse to float around in space. Just stay off the planets."
,Recommended,244850,14073141,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Bignastycupcake,I ran into someone and they died. 10/10 most realistic game I've ever played.
,Recommended,244850,12489750,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Tiny Turtle,"Dude this is mad rad. I made a space ship on a server and logged off. Then a meteor struck it and flung it into space. My buddies then flew after it and caught it in the claws of a massive mining ship, then brought a second smaller ship to tug-boat it back."
,Recommended,244850,13832026,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Space Satan,I play this alone. Asteroid is my enemy.10/10 would play alone again
76561198046218692,Recommended,244850,28513238,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Shockingun,good
,Recommended,244850,20700132,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Darth Biomech,"I am an avid modder for Space Engineers. Therefore, my judgement is biased and flawed. Therefore you shouldn't listen to my words that you must buy this game right now, it's awesome!"
,Recommended,244850,19043424,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Bug,"Personal Recommendation: Hell Yes!This game is absolutely amazing.  Yes, there is no real point to it, other than being creative.  Personally, survival is only fun with friends.  It can get somewhat dull otherwise.  This game's only limit is your imagination, if you aren't creative and don't enjoy creative sandbox games, don't get it!  My only complaint is how demanding planets are.  I'm sure they'll optimize in the near future, but it's absultely insane how demanding it is.  I have an i7 4790 and a gtx 960 with 8gb of RAM and I STILL can barely run it at medium settings.  Do I recommend this game?  Yes.  BUT, only to people with good enough computers and how enjoy being creative."
76561197986365521,Recommended,244850,10745563,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"The alpha that keeps on giving.  Space engineers is a sandbox style game in which you are placed in space and can build to your hearts content.  It shares the same genre as minecraft being a sandbox but is not Minecraft.  Think of it this way, Battlefield is a first person shooter but is in no way the same as Counter Strike.  Sure, each has similarities in that you are in first person mode with a firearm, but beyond that, the mechanics are very different.Space Engineers takes on this same style.  It seperates itself apart from the rest in that it is in space, is not completely block based, and has a modern/futuristic feel to it that takes some getting used to.  Building is easy in this game, there are many different types of items but the foundation is always a block, slope, inverted corner, triangle, or a landing gear for a ship.  You can make stations, ships, capital ships (larger ships essentially), opening and closing doors, hidden turrets behind a set of lights, etc.  The possibilites are endless and the weekly updates make it even better.Uranium is your life force and your refinery and assembler are your tools.  Without these three things nothing happens and you end up respawning inside a yellow ship with these basic things and nothing else.  Turning things off like a gravity generator and the engines may be necessary at first just to preserve what little uranium you do have.  Do not fret however, almost all materials needed are not difficult to find...for the most part.  Some places you might find entire sections of uranium while other areas may contain traces of the ore but also have spots of other ore like gold, magnesium, silicon, nickel, iron, and silver.  Each has their uses of course.Bugs are apparent in some instances of the game.  It is an alpha so it will have issues but as said before, weekly updates are releasing new content and fixing old content that may not work properly.  Dedicated servers are an option or you can just run it from your local machine as you see fit.  The dedicated server that I run is locked down to my group only and consumes very little resources.  In fact, my machine is running a mumble server, a minecraft server, and Space Engineers and the machine is an old AMD Atlhlon x3 x64 system with 4 GB of RAM on windows 7.  So anyone can run a server!Performance wise, the game engine has a bit of optimization needed.  Sometimes it lags other times it is fine.  I run a very clean system that is top notch performance with dual SSDs in RAID 0 and 16 GB of RAM with dual video cards and a high end processor and still experience issues from time to time.  Nothing serious, but still, they are there.Overall, the atmosphere of the game is great.  The sound effects, music, graphics, everything is great.  The controls are a bit wonky at first but you get used to them.  You can just remap controls if you really get irritated though, so keep that in mind as an option.  Creative mode and Survival are a blast although the latter is my favorite.  Playing with friends is fun and hunting down those armed mining ships and military ships is a blast.  Physics play a role, so that means mass is also important and how many thrusters you have overall will make a difference.  Everything from reactors to guns and stations to capital ships are present in this game.  Nothing here is poorly executed aside from the menu system which can take some getting used to.  At this point on the timeline, I would say this is a good buy for those looking to play something unfinished but worth their time."
76561198048898842,Recommended,244850,7757674,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Hoboo,Indie game of the year 10/10 would play alot
,Recommended,244850,25714192,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Zerathrax,I built a hangar. I finished the roof. 30 seconds later a meteor hit it.10/10 would build roof again.
76561198087256419,Recommended,244850,10837149,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bubbles,Space engineers is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing sweet!  I play this♥♥♥♥♥♥all the ♥♥♥♥ing the time.  Really.... ALL my ♥♥♥♥ing time.
,Recommended,244850,11930125,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,PennyPincher,"Two Cosmonauts, dressed in red. Together, they saw the path ahead.In the Antenna, they flew fast. For they were about to erase the past.Inside the ship was tons of Uranium. It was armed and ready to explode-ium.Comrade One looked to Comrade Two. They looked at each other, with fades of gloom.""Why must we fight?"" One said to Two. ""Why must we attack others?""Two said to One, ""It is our destiny. It is our future. It is our life.""One exclaimed, ""But I do not want to fight the others! I want to build and be happy! Space can be shared!""Two pulled a gun, pointing at One, ""Do you question the Motherland!?""Silence. They looked at each other, and then back at the windows, where they saw the alarming message.""500m to Blue Platform""Two cheered to One, ""We are going to destroy the Blues! We shall be victorious!""One lunged at Two, he took the gun from Two and shot him. There was only one Cosmonaut now.He looked at the course set by his comrade. It was too late. The ship would crash.A single tear came from his eye.Blue base was destroyed, and everyone died.In other words, can RP and blow up stuff with Uranium.10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9888725,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Oceanic Meatball,A random person joined our server and stole the ship I was working on for a long time.20/10
,Recommended,244850,9212301,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Fantastic space engineerin & crafting game, testimonial! C:FIN:Mahtava avaruus rakennus ja craftaus peli, suositteluni! C:"
,Recommended,244850,7588832,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Krolitian,Just buy it. Then buy it for your friends. No questions asked.
76561198031926144,Recommended,244850,21828490,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Xainis,the game is fun. You get to build to your heart's content.You want to blow something up go right ahead.Do you want to build a giant ship go ahead if you want to crash the game.For the most part it works. You can't really build massive ship without it lagging.
,Recommended,244850,9170238,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Syn | MarviN,"Simply amazing, and with the magnitude of updates that comes in each week; with tutorial videos to go along. Just buy it already! Multiplayer is fun, building is a dream with control interfaces that most games wish they had.The sheer number of items, blocks and designs you can create is staggering! It also has a very nice XYZ mirroring features, copy and paste - real-time of ships and objects. Offensive weapons! Such detailed and rich environment and object / ship damage.Build big, build small, build a station to house them all! Gravity, Mass, Velocity, etc all apply here and it makes for some great physics fun! With gravity generators, you can make any direction and adjustable field sizing for direct gravity on objects and players. Lighting / shaders are top notch, and the effects you can experience are background / image potential for sure.It is well worth the money for this, and if you ever want to build together - just shoot me a message!*This game has only gotten 10x better since my review back in Febuary - customization and amount of addons and changes is too numerous to begin to tell you - the videos on the Store page don't do justice - they are mostly old. Just look up the weekly dev blog that in-depth explains the newest features and keys to get a better feel at current state. The MP is solid and full on space battles are just about seamless.Wonderful are the latest changes to make ships and stations interchangable with docking ports, and now conveyor systems for item transfers, passenger seating, color scheme on everything is RGB / Hue / Sat customized, Turrets both interior and exterior, artificial mass blocks and gravity generator modifications. I could go on and on, or you could just check out their weekly videos since release. The real-time damage system is SOOO great, and detailed.There is something for everyone - whether you are into pitting two dogfighters at each other and record it, hundred people in your own spaceport RP system, or simply want to solo design an epic space station in the side of an asteroid you blew a chunk out of.IF YOU ARE ON THE FENCE AT ALL ABOUT THIS GAME, BUY IT! You will not be sorry."
12131415161718191,Not Recommended,244850,19796470,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,GameGuyGav,this game is a good game but i cant even play it any more becuase of the planets update
,Not Recommended,244850,20054252,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Guttsy,"Not recommended, at least not yet...Laggy, broken, super fun and addictive garbage. Ships randomly disappear (or, more accurately, do not appear to your friends, so they crash into your ships instead of docking next to them), things randomly break, simulation speed drops in half, randomly crashes to desktop, etc.Also, the C# API has a really funky smell. Why is everything prefixed with ""My"" and why do search methods return void?! So sad.EDIT: Many many months later, this game still has numerous irritating bugs (or design flaws) that prevent it from being enjoyable. Everything was pretty good and playable until planets came out, then everything went down the crapper. Our jetpacks inexplicably break (hydrogen at 100%) until we respawn, certain areas cannot be walked/jetpacked through because of invisible blocks, ships formerly attached to the ground without any thrusters defy gravity and float off into space, physica collisions make things explode, and so on..."
,Recommended,244850,12432756,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Zackmar,"Awesome game, especially with friends.The game developers are making constant updates which are of great quality.This game is propably the one of the best space games I have played."
76561198042143223,Not Recommended,244850,32871126,Posted: 27 June,all,Cpt.Keyes,"after about 260 Hrs of BullS*** with this game I can safely say i wouldn't recommend this game.everytime the devs fix one problem with the game 2 more arise much more urgent and frustrating. what do they do? they tweak graphics or the already overloaded and broken physics engine.for example, a few versions ago survival on planets was actually fun in single player and slightly playable in multiplayer.now in the most recent version, multiplayer is now unplayable due to random doors spawning when placed down, vehicles randomly crashing into nothing, projectors not working (which are needed to aid in repairs if you can't remember where vertain blocks went or if you don't know what blocks got shot off or damaged.) and ajust random desync on parts they ""fixed"" which now don't work at all...singleplayer is roughly the same. it went from playble and enjoyable to utterly broken. all the issues from multiplayer pushed into single player. i can't even build a ship without having a hole blown through it by a random door spawning in the middle of two blocks and freaking out due to the physics engine.all in all all the other space survival sims are better. after you finally make a ship to fly about in there's not much else to do anymore. no hunger so no need for food, enemies which practaclly kill themselves by getting caught by random invisable asteroids and the building bugs make enjoying this game as much as it is frustrating."
76561198150506704,Not Recommended,244850,24528938,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mango Muncher,"Abysmally terrible. Horribly unoptimized. A rock-bottom frame rate. A plethera of potentially game breaking glitches (Unable to place things, rotate things, or interact with terminals, mildly frequent crashes.) A good community with brilliant workshop creations, but only the wealthiest people can play this game smoothly (The equipment you must buy to play this game smoothly has a mind-blowing price). However, in the games defense, the roleplaying and mass multiplayer battle servers (both public and private) are amazing."
,Recommended,244850,8203528,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Winniepoo,is in space with asteroids and ships and gravity and guns and death and building and flying and rotation and motors and warheads and cheese.
76561198135394506,Recommended,244850,13321983,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,c.burgess.7,"First off, I'd like to start out by saying that after I originally wasted nearly 26 bucks on minecraft (DO NOT BUY THAT GAME), I bought this game for just under 20 (should have bought when half off) and I got to say that ""awesome"" is the grandest of all understatement on a way to describe this game.  This game doesn't come without its early game problems though, which i have serveral ideas.1. You can't build road vehicles (disregard, it has been pointed out to me that artificial mass gives gravity to road vehicles)Though you have wheels and suspension, you can't really build a small vehicles because they end up floating away, not that you need small road vehicles considering the concept of the game, but the wheels should be pulled down by gravity like the player is, otherwise, like i said before, it'll float away, i'm not sure why wheels exist in this game as of now, but adding gravity affect to wheels, and steering assemblies wouldn't hurt, it would really be as much usefull as much as it would be novelty, unless you have a REALLY large ship, which is what i'm working on, there will be a core of the ship because you'll need a vehicle to get to and from really fast.2. Server lag.I feel that the multiplayer servers and the way everything is handled when sharing maps could be done more efficiently, so much lag and is very network intensive, i work with networking and computers and the way everything network in this game is being handled, is not doing so very efficiently, i'd have people join my maps, complain about the extreme lag, and leave, like clockwork.3. Some of the cubes are limited.For example, on large ships you can only place large cubes, and for small ships, you can only place small cubes.  When you are configuring your toolbar, there is a category for large cubes, and a category for small cubes, they aren't really large or small, the size of your cube is completely dependent on the type of ship you're building, so the ""small cube"" ""large cube"" categories are somewhat confusing, i think it could have been thought out a little better.  Another note on the cubes are the passage way cubes, i forget exactly what they're called, but there are only strait peices, no T or L or + peices, so you kind of have to figure a sollution to make that cube work.There are a few little things that bug me, but not enough to state them here, and yes, i am aware it is still an early access game, the 3 ones that i posted above were problems to me that i felt needed to be pointed out, overall, the game is super awesome and i would recommend this game 3 times over plus another time, definitely the best $20 i've ever spent thus far.  Another thing i'd like to note is that it's also not as processor intensive i though it would be, as of now (12-11-2014), i have a pentium G630 on an asus p8h77-v and 3.5gigs of ram (32 bit OS) and a geforce 9800gt.  The graphics card does become quite the convection oven though during gameplay it goes up to around 210 - 220 farhenheit, and that fan gets LOUD, if i didn't have the cooling i did, it would probably already be dead, it's minorly concerning, i have a second 9800gt that i might put into an sli but with only a 430psu, it would concern me."
76561198071720482,Not Recommended,244850,30235599,Posted: 27 February,all,pyr0kid,"first of all, feel free to talk to me in the comments.great idea, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs. they have no idea how to make multiplayer work right.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=548426339http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=369555512http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=576282552http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=674454109http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=571340390http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=728174249this is normal in SE, i wish i was joking. that happened 3 times today to me.content of an alpha, runs like a pre alpha made by a drunk."
,Recommended,244850,13311072,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,The Butcher's Nail,"This game is amazing. It is not Minecraft in space - it is SO much more. Build mechanical structures in online and offline creative and survival modes, or take on the PvP and Faction Warfare servers - at your own risk!  Not for the feint of heart, but certainly worth your time."
,Recommended,244850,7887283,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Iron Player,Its great and has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of potential. still in alpha and not played al the way through but from what I can tell its just great.
76561198091772483,Recommended,244850,18659603,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,=> Corci <=,One of the best space game of the last years.
,Not Recommended,244850,24891240,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Antioch,"When I first got this game I thought it was amazing.It changed a lot with planets and everything but poor physics and lack of optimization makes it unplayable.It uses too much ram and cpu, after 3 years, this game still doesn't support multi-threading.I recommend to get this game if you have a good computer.This game won't do well on ordinary laptops with ""okay"" specs(except gaming laptops)Seriously, it uses too much ram and cpu. Your graphics card won't do much.Again, I highly recommned it if you have a decent computer but if not,  please don't get this game you'll regret it."
,Recommended,244850,12838370,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Maxaxle,"Minecraft meets KSP meets Gmod, but the exact mix depends on what settings you pick. If you pick Survival mode without many ships, welcome to Space Mining Simulator 2014. If you pick Creative mode, the game turns into a space-based version of Gmod. No planets at the moment, but asteroids and the option to add meteor showers mean that you don't have to stick with ships. 9/10 will get better with time."
,Recommended,244850,20797358,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,marlonharris71,"if you love legos, if you have ever wanted to explore the far reaches of space and create your own universe, THIS IS YOUR GAME.  with friends or alone, you will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,244850,13263542,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Neko Echo,great game very entertaining
,Recommended,244850,29191909,Posted: 11 January,all,Jakashi,"I'd definitely recommend this game, who doesn't wanna gather the materials to build their own spaceship???What you will need is time and patience for survival and of course a little creativity! Good luck Engineer.Can't wait to see what the future holds for this game."
,Recommended,244850,9467920,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Sa_Nya,"tl;dr 12/10Never compare this game to any other early access product. This is something beyond the- A list of features is growing continiously. Every feature is not just a feature to mentoin, but a thing YOU will use.- Sandboxiest sandbox. Create space stations, large and small ships. Become an artist, a designer and an engineer.- Computer systems of the future. Every block that have computer component in it will fight on your side until destroyed, unpowered or hacked. Create a defense system that will kill anyone trying to sneak into your base, while keeping your base open to your friends and their ships.Create manned, automated remote-controlled systems.- Every block count. Everything you see is not a decoration, but a fully working part of system.- Survival. Mine asteroids, explore space and survive meteor storms.- More and more things to tell- Limitless amount of situations and space traffic accidents.- More cool things coming! Upgrade your old ships with brand new blocks from new updates.Also you could try Miner Wars 2081 -http://store.steampowered.com/app/223430/not a best game, but it shares the same spirit with space engineers."
,Recommended,244850,11871494,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Slimester,"While this game has had a number of annoying bugs and glitches, its development has been steady and fast-paced.Having spent almost 600 hours on this game, I will definitely recommend it to my friends and others.Nothing beats building a deadly vessel and then trying it out against my friends and their creations."
,Not Recommended,244850,25904529,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mist,"SpEn has a lot to it. It's an amazing world with absolute player's freedom of activities. I remember thousands great in-game moments, where I was having fun with friends. SpEn could be my most favourite game for the whole my lifetime, but...But gameplay development isn't thought out. KSH introduces what seems the most fun and arcade for them. Once upon the time they even introduced randomly spawning and exploding dogs, with no backthought of, for example, instead using coders for redesigning communications to be more comfortable and fun to play with, or implementing just a simple volumetric map.Then multiplayer, the reason of this game should be even played, experiencing hundreads of different player-made environments with old- and new-made friends, it's completely dead. The whole netcode, server and data management were randomly put up together, occasionly breaking down and falling apart with whole dedicated servers almost every weak, even though those servers are being hosted sometimes on huge mainframes.And physics. Oh... Those were crashing, exploding, lagging out, torning apart thousands and thousands of my ships, I've been working on for many weeks, for all these 3 years. Pulling run out of power ships against the gravity from ground to the stratosphere, insta-killing my characters million times, who just stepped in the wrong time in the wrong place, breaking out of sync - those are just dumb ways to die.The most fun part is that, devs say, they are fixing physics and multiplayer, that they are making a progress. Well, I believed them for the last 3 years until now. And now I'm just too tired to continue holding on these hopings.I saw felt so far no code improvements or reworks even by a tiny bit for the last year. Every single 'fix' of every single older bug just pops out bunch of newer bugs. It's the product of coder's lazyness to go deeper in their own code, I suppose. I'm not kidding, coding proccess is really awful. Sometimes I even think, coders put bugs in on purpose, to just fix them later, for the work proccess imitation.Why is it so? Well, my guess is, teamwork has became hulking. KSH grown out in a bigger studio, but it's leading style stayed as small-team one, which is unable to control or monitor coding forces with required flexibility.It feels painful to give it thumbs down for the game with this variety of features, because they are ruined for the comfortability of players experience by some primitive management issues."
76561198028413259,Not Recommended,244850,20386605,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,SocketError,"Space Lag…One man dev team can do better, it’s called Starmade.  Get it, its cheaper, and better.I like so many others, want to like this game.  I've played off and on for quite some time now, waiting for things to be fixed.  Great idea if the game would run right.Dev's release new gimmicks all the time, cool features even, if it worked.  Multiplayer?  Not really.  False advertising there... multiplayer is super broken.Many years, much money, and problems this game had at its start are still present.  It looks like a polished game, it's not.  The bugs in this game have prevented me from buying their other one, midevil engineers.  I was worried when they started that project that they were dumping Space Engineers.  It seems devs are working on both with equal incompetence.DEVS - Stop releasing gimmicks to sell the game and fix the existing game!PLAYERS - Everyone needs to start posting negative reviews on this game at regular intervals to bring its rating down so it stops selling.  Maybe they will abandon it, maybe they will fix it.  If they stop selling the game, perhaps it will encourage them to do something about the bugs and the total neglect of optimisation.Would be a great game if it would run on something less than a university super computer and things didn't randomly explode around you."
,Recommended,244850,22293857,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Reaper,"Let's get right to it:PROS-Build your own starship-Fully destructible-Great modding community-Planets(seriously)CONS-Still in early development(bugs, unoptimized, missing/unfinished textures etc.)-LAGGGG-Frames drop if you don't have a beefy♥♥♥♥♥rig-Again, frames-Biggest con really is the state of the game's optimization.Soooo...Buy it if it's on sale and save it for later, unless you've got a beefy rig and don't mind bugs"
,Recommended,244850,31116136,Posted: 13 April,all,MereLyap,It's fun until you land on a planet.
76561198071166444,Recommended,244850,35232055,Posted: 26 September,all,xSeth,This game has advanced sooo much since release. + Amazing modding for every taste. Definately recomend!
,Recommended,244850,10156767,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,XuanWuUnlimited,"~Updated 07 JAN 2017~To be honest, I don't really enjoy this game anymore.  I had hope that it would grow into something with the popularity of Minecraft, where communities would form and different playstyles would flourish.  The progress is slow and it feels like they break as many things as they improve half the time.  I still stand by recommending it as it's is loads of fun, IF you're into these sorts of games.  It's just that there are other offerings (that I will not name here) out there that are a bit more polished as far as space simulation/exploration go as well as survival crafting.  The fact that they were able to put the two together in such a way and not have it all crash and burn is very impressive.  So yes, still a recommendation, but only if you're interested already.  I can't solidly try to sell you on this game.  Good luck!~Original~Simple, Intriguing, Thought Provoking.What a delightful experience.  People refer this game to those who like Minecraft, but there really is something in it for everyone.  From ship design, to base design, to dabbling with engineering and physics; this game is looking to be the next big thing.Note: Best played with friends.  Oodles of fun.Recommendation:  Pick up a 4-Pack and share it with friends."
76561198166580845,Recommended,244850,28827891,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[**U.S.A.F.**] T-bone Steak,"This is a very fun game.In fact I met my first Steam friend on this.I first had this game when it was just make a ship, attack enemies,and mine.Sad thing is when the update for planets came my game always crashed at the loading screen,still does.I recommend this game because the graphics and physics are nice.When a ship hits something it forms a very realistic dent.This is all i can say because i have not been able to play the planet side of Space Engineers.Hope you liked my review,have a nice day! :)"
,Not Recommended,244850,23151646,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,CB Betelgeux,"This game was a revolutionary concept back in 2014, and even now it is a pioneering project in the game industry, with full voxel based sandbox system in space with high detail graphics, planets, asterodis, mining, industry building, mechanic systems etc.Unfortunately it became too big for the developers to finish as a quality game, and the underlying multiplayer concept is not working, it is too late to move to a professional netcode like raknet. This implies, that the concept of faction based, persistent, multiplayer game with lots of players (30+) will never be realised, which makes the game a pointless, unfinished sandbox. It can be considered as an abandonware, stuck in early access, with constant pretense as being fixed, while underlying fundamnetal problems never get fixed."
76561198011794020,Not Recommended,244850,20383096,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Karhu,"Game with incredible potential ruined by developers who literally don't know what and how they are doing anything.  I'm lucky that got this game for free otherwise I'd be very angry about how they keep this stupid ""weekly update"" no matter what happens, skip testing, add a feature and fix a bug just to break the game completely for a whole week, add content no one asked for and that's plain stupid without the option to turn it off (Explosive cyber dogs [MC creepers] while net code is a broken thing that barely works), or even try to make the game less demanding (yes memory leaks and 8 gb of free RAM to run a planet I'm looking at you)In short, sell some cards and buy it on the next sale if you want a voxel space building game, otherwise hope corneroids comes back from the underworld."
76561198137977387,Not Recommended,244850,20173039,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CapR,"Great idea but multiplayer is frustrating/buggy to say the least.  For example: servers often crash, assets dissapear( jump drives delete ships after use), sim speed is slow because servers have to render more than is needed.  The game development appears to pander to users who play creative mode rather than multiplayer(eg planets instead of netcode).  I wouldn't recommend this game >edit<  to players who often play MP until it moves out of alpha stage or unless you're a die hard SE fan(like me).  If you want to play dedicated MP, get used to all I mentioned above."
,Recommended,244850,11173544,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Nimmy Jewtron,"Spawned in a server, flew my yellow ship for 15 minutes, found a space station made by a 10 year old, rammed it and blew it up. 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,14975909,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Morph,"S.E. is a lovely space sim with remarkably good physics, gravity, and block deformation. Great with friends. A rich & thriving mod community have made some brilliant contributions that really improve vanilla gameplay. The fact that Keen releases weekly content updates every Thursday shows commitment to a delightful early access game."
76561198015646159,Not Recommended,244850,30033043,Posted: 19 February,all,Handcranker,"Unplayable now :( . It used to be really good, buggy but good(as you would expect for pre release. Now however myself and my friends lose every ship we build on any server the moment we go to take off."
,Recommended,244850,7567626,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,weemcast,"It's very early still (Early Access: Alpha) but what's here is amazing, and considering the future of this game is exciting. Check out my first video in my new Space Engineers series here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI7XAJkphmo"
,Recommended,244850,8802648,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,[LTac] Imperator,"One of the most orignal procedurally generated games I have come across, even in early access the possibilites of this game stagger the imagination. I cant wait to be commanding a fleet of capital ships in combat with another fleet ripping pieces off of enemies ships. Buy it, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,244850,8732543,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,2468wdwa1,Like minecraft in space with much better graphics.
,Recommended,244850,14558335,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,†Lord of Kiwis†,"Such an amazing game. I played a lot with some friends and the amount of stuff we come with is, well, amazing! And with the integration of Steam Workshop, we can find some really cool mods.One major downside, is there's a few things that are still buggy, but I know the devs are working hard to get these out of the way.Bakemono"
76561198065419269,Recommended,244850,12458428,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,TheBigAA,Great Physics and stellar graphics 10/10
,Recommended,244850,16230395,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Box McGillicutty,"Although many people say this game is broken, and it is, this is still a diamond of Sandbox games in the Steam Store rough. And although it's such a highly detailed game KSH still finds time to update this and their other game Medieval Engineers every week, always adding something new and fixing problems, I orginally tried the game a long time ago during it's free weekend, and when it was over I vowed that someday I would get it, and I did, and it is even more fun every time I play it. The only thing I hope they add is maybe some more innovative weapons and tools, but that's just my oppinion."
,Not Recommended,244850,34157978,Posted: 10 August,all,Abradolf Lincler,"The problem with this game is that the devs decided to run before they could walk. They added features faster than they decided to work on fixing old ones, and, surprise surprise, it's lead to a game that's fantastic in principle but utterly flawed in  practice. They basically put in bugs faster than they were getting rid of them. And now, after 4 years in development, this game is still appallingly optimised, requiring a very substantial machine to run (16GB of RAM recommended!), and even then there's no guarantee that your saves won't be corrupted. How am I to know if things have improved if it can't even run smoothly on potato-settings?I want to love this game - I want to recommend it, but considering that this game could have been properly optimised, have functional (AND RELIABLE) multiplayer, saves that don't corrupt for some inexplicable reason, no/very few game-breaking bugs, features that work - heck, this game could probably have had full Mac support by now!This might seem like a pretty damning review, but without being scathing, you can't properly expose the gangrenous limbs on this well-disguised leper (and other fanciful metaphors). I bought it in 2014, seduced by its premise, and in mid-2017, am still waiting for a game that I'd want someone else to get.If you're willing to persevere with a game that's been in early-access for years with no clear indication of there ever being a stable release, and have a NASA supercomputer to play with it in the meantime - buy it. But if you're an Average Joe with a no-frills machine looking for a good space-based sandbox, keep looking."
,Not Recommended,244850,24481678,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,John Hadley,"Don't buy it!  This game is not ready for consumption and has not gotten any closer in the two years I've owned it already.  In fact its even further from being ready than when I bought it. The idea of the game is great and if it actually worked it might be fun, but it doesn't.  ITS FULL OF GAME BREAKING PHYSICS BUGS.For instance:I build a structure with 4 landing gears on top of my station on a planet on it and engage their locks.  While I am grinding I accidentally grind out the block under one landing gear, so I try to put it back.  Placing a block back under the landing gear causes the whole thing to launch into the air and tumble over sideways, despite the fact that there were 3 landing gears locking it down to the ground.I am attacked by cyberhounds so I jump up on my platform and shoot them.  They fall over dead then disappear under the ground where I cannot loot them.I build a car and try to drive it.  The ground is ridiculously rough despite looking smooth.  My car flips over.  I spend time building some pistons and rotors to jack the vehicle up and flip it back over.  I try to walk in next to my vehicle with my welder to repair it.  I walk between the two tires and my vehicle suddenly flies like 100 feet into the air and crashes into pieces."
,Recommended,244850,13320080,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ESKIMOFO,"My Review is about the early Access version of Space Engineers.Since its in this phase i do not want to go into details about if the game is fun or not. There are a lot of youtube videos to show the actual gameplay.( for me it is one of the best survival games out there at the moment).It is not because of the content , but more about how the developer is able to show us how early access should be.As a player, you get weekly updates ( most of the time at thursday) , which is not only content , they actually fix existing bugs and are very active in the community and also involve the community like no early access game out there ( see future patches,bugfixing etc.)If you want to see how early access should work and given that you are intrested in seeing a game getting better and better, this game is a must have.I saw a lot of people saying its minecraft on hardmode.this is not the case. You can play it on a hard difficulity (survival realistic) , yet it offers you some options to tune the amount of work needed for crafting and also offers you a creative mode where you can do whatever you want to do.TL,DR : Buy it , you wont be disappointed"
,Not Recommended,244850,11608165,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SophieWritress,"Space Engineers is like that love/hate relationship you have with your ex, but instead of sex, you get kicked in the nuts every time you try to do anything with her.It's not the same person you fell in love with nearly 5 years ago.Time to walk away."
76561198076391720,Recommended,244850,7640435,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Z3RO [GER],"I can not believe how incredibly adicting this game is!Build anything you want, from a simple spacecraft or station over a mech to that super battle donut destroyer that everyone on the server fears.With both creative and survival modes you can also be sure that your inventions will function as you want them to (especialy since you can make blueprints of them)features I love:- ........ EVERYTHING!Light and heavy armor blocks, thruster damage, doors, sensors, timers, programable blocks, motors, pistons, lights, cameras, refineries, assemblers, solar pannels weapons........... there are soooooo many, and of course, you need to get your resources off those asteroids (in survival).So, learn how to survive in space otherwise you will end up an everlasting floating corpse..."
,Not Recommended,244850,24281619,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sigma,"Game seems to be in a limbo. Updates are made just to minimize PR damage. Dev team seems to only care about their other project, not connected with gaming. A shame."
76561198010576188,Not Recommended,244850,23881189,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Rodjir,"This game has been in Early Access for 3 years now going on 4. I bought it a looong time ago because I was excited for it and the whole thing was just a huge letdown. Gameplay is fun for a short while and then it just gets boring there's nothing going on or anything interesting to work towards, other than cool ship designs of course. Don't buy until it's finished."
,Recommended,244850,10408828,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[FP] Dr. McKay,"This is the space game that I've always wanted. I can build whatever spaceship I can come up with, and I'm not limited to single-seat fighters. I can build ships that are as big as I want and I can walk around in them and maintain systems and such.It's updated every single Thursday with new features and bug fixes. I can honestly say that this is the only Early Access game that I've been thoroughly impressed with.There's also some really cool stuff coming in the future like a complex scripting interface.This is really one of the best games that I've ever bought and I can't wait to see what it gets in the future."
76561197999257980,Recommended,244850,11996660,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,=IBF2= SaLvO,"I will start out by saying i have spent an extensive amount of time in this game and have loved nearly every hour of it. Those that need structure and plot to guide you through a game this game wont be for you,  it is truely open free-form gameplay.  anyone who loves sandbox play however will get lots of enjoyment out of this im betting.There are limitations on this game like any alpha stage early access game.  Im going to try and cover some of the pros and cons of this game in its current state.The Cons:: Audio issues,  multiplayer sync issues but still very playable,  a lack of direction or set goals can be frustrating to some,  no obvious ""enemy""  to work against/attack/defend against, not optimized graphically yet,  game breaking bugs do exist but none that cant be worked around ussually.  You can expect a distinct lack of ""polish"" being an alpha so just make sure you look at it in the view that this game is /not/ finished so keep that in mind when a frustrating issue pops up.The Pros:: Price! (14.99),  FREQUENT updates (every thursday it recieves content updates with new fixes,  blocks,  game mechanics), very active community modding support via workshop,  multiplayer host shares mods with anyone joining so people without your mods can still come and go easily.  Survival and Creative modes are distinct and each offer their own entertainment values offering freebuilding or resource gathering and piracy of npc ships, support for pvp via factions and ownership privileges that allows you to form a team of other players to fight with/against, intuitive controls,  nearly limitless building options! If you can dream it you can build it in this game..  from a giant carrier to little mining pods,  stations to sprawling solar farms.The pros outweight the cons i promise,  this game is very highly recomended to anyone who loves sandbox building,  or playing with legos lol."
,Recommended,244850,9622926,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Steve Bourge skin.trade,best sandbox game I've played in 2014 so far.
76561198142952481,Not Recommended,244850,25485747,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,FFaruk,Good idea but extremely slow implementation.Right now its not worth a buy.maybe after couple of years when they add more content and fix bugs.
,Recommended,244850,11265588,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,8-bit headphones,ITS an ok game  but i acstidently bought it thinking it was a diferent game
76561198002315270,Recommended,244850,14737475,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Xander 454,"Terrific game, would crash ship again."
,Recommended,244850,8848188,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Richard Swiney,Ground Control to Major Tom.
,Not Recommended,244850,25611737,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Fostenel,"This game has huge potential, which I'm fairly confident at this point, it will never meet.  If the game performed and worked as intented, it would be one of the best games I have ever played, but it doesn't, and I'm failry certain it never will.I just went back to the game after shelving it for about 10 months, with some hope that things would have at least improved somewhat.  In about 20-30 minutes of play time, I ran into about a half dozen extremely frustrating bugs while playing on a private dedicated server.  The thing is, most of the issues I ran into are for the most part the same issues the game had when I first played it 2 years ago, the ones that haven't been around that long have still been around for many months without fixes.  These devs just don't seem capable of fixing things.  They haven't been able to get basic gameplay systems and mechanics to any sort of stable state.  I expect a game in early access to have bugs, but I also expect the devs to work on fixing them and at least make some progress.A game like this really shines in multi-player, and gets old really quickly while playing it by yourself.  If I only played single player, I could probably avoid some of the issues I ran into, but it would be a medocre gameplay experience at best while playing by myself.Edit:  The most furstrating part about this game has been watching week by week, and month after month as ""Improvements and Bugfixes"" patches are released, yet all the same substantial issues still exist that where there one or two years ago."
,Not Recommended,244850,30617731,Posted: 19 March,all,FarmingMangos,There is way to many bugs and glitches I can't recomend this game until they fix most of these bugs. and the multiplayer is complete trash you get on to a world with friends and you will instatnly get the worst lag of your life I have good wifi and it tells me i have a verry bad ping everytime and you cant do simple things like drive a rover you build because the connection is so bad.
,Recommended,244850,13472129,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mesyar,"After I put some hour in this game (70 total include offline). I must say for an Early Access, This game is awesome.Pros : Graphics: Dev Support on update (every Thusday): Gameplay Mechanics: World Size: Mod SupportCons : Multiplayer Support: Seldom Crash (Yes I know it's Early Alpha):♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's itEven with good dev support on game update, apparently support for multiplayer aren't much as good as it seem. During an online gameplay you experience some lags, Actually a lot of lag.Example : When you trying to put some Building block on a ship or a station , something it isn't placeable, you might need to wait sometime until it worked again, Me personally had experience this issue in all the server I played. Hope the dev can fix and focus on this issue. This is not an issue in Singleplayer."
,Recommended,244850,11896900,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,flatwhite,Ship Losing Simulator 2014Would lose my ship again
76561198040040304,Recommended,244850,24732212,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,wolverind,"Fantastic game all round for creative genius, only problem being poor performance for less well off pc's, well worth it thought go especially being in development still."
,Recommended,244850,9875038,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,AndyFarmer,its a fun game and i will really enjoy future updates and i can see the game going places in the future
,Recommended,244850,8999544,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Christo,"As part of a new Indie Tuesday series, this week I did a review on Space Engineers.Hope you guys enjoy.Its a great game with serious potential...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqZ4qxqyC0E"
76561198093153293,Not Recommended,244850,34072281,Posted: 6 August,all,Jarbear,"No direction in the game. You build ships but then have nothing to do with those ships. There are no significant enemies save pathetic pirates with no loot and spider things that you have no reason to kill. There never is a need for any supply except air which is easily recovered. Its minecraft survival without the mobs, bosses, potions, dungeons, or wildlife. Boring abd blande like nacho cheese doritos with all of the flavoring licked off. It could be something great if there was any depth what so ever in the game."
,Not Recommended,244850,35202019,Posted: 25 September,all,White Rhino PSO,"I bought Space Engineers very soon after the developers added a Survival Mode. Back then, the game was very stable; I could spend hours working to survive while slowly taking apart my wrecked starting ship and rebuilding it into something of my own design. When they added an endless, procedurally generated universe complete with abandoned ships and stations to find, I couldn't have been happier. I lost countless hours to Space Engineers and never looked back.And then the game's community rallied for the developers to add planets. The idea of adding planets to the game was never part of the original plan, and it took months to force them to exist and work in an engine that wasn't designed for it. I don't know if this was really the tipping point, but it certainly feels like it on looking back.The game, as it stands, is nearly unplayable due to the number of bugs that have been introduced in ever growing numbers. There's no reason to bother with Survival Mode any longer, because the game will happily destroy whatever you've spent hours building for no known reason. Features like pistons and rotors will be perfectly stable one day, and then rip your ship apart from the inside the next time you load your save. Wheels and rotors need you to spend hours tweaking their settings in-game, and even after that they still don't work correctly.Keen Software House decided the best way to continue work on their product was to.. nickel and dime the playerbase. Where in games like Factorio, playing older versions are simply an option in a drop-down menu in the ""betas"" tab for the game. In Space Engineers, they expect you to pay $9.99 for the ""deluxe edition,"" which lets you play the original creative-only game as it was when it first hit Steam. And now, as of writing this review, they've decided to start selling ""engineer skins"" in pieces, with each of the four pieces costing players anywhere from $1.49 to $2.49.I've lost all hope for this game. Endless Early Access shenanigans where every Thursday the update would claim to fix bugs and issues only for the game forums and subreddit to say that no, the bugs are still there, and have somehow gotten even worse. But Keen would rather try and squeeze more money out of their playerbase than actually knuckle-down and fix their game so that people can play what they bought into.I have over 300 hours of play time for this game, most of which were spent during the early days after Survival Mode was added, some of the most fun I've had in any survival-crafting game. With the way the game has slowly twisted, broken, and still had the gall to reach for my wallet, I'm honestly regretting having ever given Space Engineers my time or money."
,Recommended,244850,25026330,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ddynamite,No mans sky can learn a few things from this.
76561198055885209,Not Recommended,244850,22501063,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Uraneum,"Space Engineers is decent if you want to get creative by building ships or pass the time by mining resources, but it has numerous fallthroughs that will likely never be worked on. The game doesn't come together in the way that it should. Animations are clunky, optimization and perfmormance are pretty bad, glitches are very common, and the game structure itself isn't anywhere near user-friendly.This game cannot be defended by claiming that it's early access. The devs have had plenty of time to polish the weaker aspects of the game, yet seem to lack the insight or skill to address and solve these issues. Instead, their ambition as game developers pushes them to mash in more half-functioning or barely relevant content, which often overcomplicates the game and adds numerous bugs.Keen Software House has bit off more than they can chew, and it shows when they try to conquer something like planets and AI. The ""monsters"" are of absolute amateur quality, the planet rendering is atrocious, and everything comes off as awkward. The world design is horrific, in my opinion. The aesthetics of the planets are very out of place, not to mention the overbearing lack of purpose. The game suffers from what many open world games like this do, and that is the extreme lack of feeling like there's anything the player actually -has- to do.TL;DR The game feels empty. It's nice for the first few hours, but the dark underbelly of Space Engineers reveals that it is simply a hollow, awkwardly assembled shell of an amazing idea. I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,244850,20385173,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Luna Prey,"The game is great, and while I'd like to recommend it, I got it for Multiplayer, and multiplayer is pretty much unplayable becasue the SE development team doesn't see multiplayer as a priority. Its very buggy and they refuse to fix it. It also anoys me that the CEO of the company took the funding for SE and created and funded 2 more unrelated companies with it. The original SE development team is now split across 3 companies, so SE doesn't get the love it once did, and users are basicly ignored on the keen software forums."
76561198016681968,Recommended,244850,18628976,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,RagingOak ™,Very nice game
,Not Recommended,244850,20192681,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GeckoKid3,"Ok so I made a review a while back and it was negative and this one is too, but I have my reasons. I have a computer that surpass the requirements for this game. In fact I used to be able to play it on my crappy HP laptop. I know that I don't have very ,any hours on it, but thats becuase there wasn't much in the game when I could play it. I love the concept and the gameplay, but it just runs so poorly. If the game was actually playable then I would play this game sooooo much. I would contribute to the modding community too, but I can't. So I'm begging you to please fix this game for me and all the other players out there. Because there are so many more problems than just the optimization"
,Not Recommended,244850,20154185,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,AlanEsh,"*** Edited ***I'm changing my review to be less combative, but still NEGATIVE, for now.This game has GREAT POTENTIAL, but it is in poor shape right now. It was neglected and poorly managed for the past 6 months and the game has suffered.The devs appear to be making a serious attempt to get Space Engineers back on track, and when they do I will change my review to positive."
76561197971529496,Not Recommended,244850,20007132,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,hellokeith,"Stay far away unless you are content to build alone in creative mode only.I purchased this game June 2014.  As of this writing, that was 1 1/2 years ago.  The game is so bugged now that I cannot even stomach launching it any more.  Let me explain..I have a deep love for the concept and great hope that KSH can pull this game together.  When I first purchased it, I played solo survival for a month and had a blast.  I then moved on to survival multiplayer PvP and had some of the most thrilling fulfilling gameplay of any game ever.  I made a dozen new friends, had factions and teams.. what a truly wonderful time.But as time progressed, the Thursday patches became less of a anticipated feature gift and more of plea not to kill the game with crushing bugs.  After 6 months of almost completely killing the multiplayer community, the remaing few of us left in abject sorrow.  We could no longer play the game we loved so much.2015 came and went with dozens upon dozens of new features.  Great for the solo creative crowd, and kudos to KSH for keeping such a brisk pace.  But as 2015 closes, multiplayer is still unplayable.  The few server owners cry on the KSH forum for help just keeping their servers from crashing after 30 minutes.  A whole year and zero progress on MP.I will absolutely return to this game if KSH ever gets MP working.  Until then, it is in the ""what could have been"" category.And I will absolutely never ever purchase another Early Access game.  Developers have no incentive to ever finish the game, release it, and be accountable for its performance."
76561198258895125,Not Recommended,244850,20195968,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,StratoCrafter,"Space Engineers was by far the most interesting, pleasurable and pleasing to the eyes game I had ever played. I had a good month and a half of fun. Now however, with the cyber hounds everywhere, this game is no longer playable. It never fails, someone can always take something good and destroy it.  I am very disappointed.On second thought... I could not stay away from this amazing game for very long. So I must in fact think it's pretty darn fantastic!"
76561198146977358,Recommended,244850,12060190,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JUSTIFICATIONPLZ,"IF YOU LIKE ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES OF CREATION OF YOUR OWN MIND, LET ME SAY THIS IS DEFINETLY WORTH 20 BUCKS AND IS DEFINETLY FOR YOU. YOU WILL BE INSTANTLY HOOKED........MUST OWN"
76561198040830522,Recommended,244850,11447598,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,King Andus a silly robot🍌,"Why is it that I can set up a  WORKING multiplayer server by 1 single click of a button in this game, and EVERY other games I have to spend houers downloading servers and portforward my router only to figger out my router dosen't like port forwarding and decides to crash every 5 min my port is active.10/10 how servers should work in every other game."
,Recommended,244850,9692316,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,SoUlFaThEr,"In its Alpha stages the game is already cool for a few hours, but can get boring rather fast because there is not much to do yet in my opinion. It requires some patience due to its Early Access business model. It has a great deal of potential at being a nemesis to Minecraft for space exploration with better graphics, but will seemingly require a great deal of work to reach that status. You have multiple scenarios at your disposal, but in each, it is basically the same at the moment; you need to find Uranium as fast as you can while at the same time save your given energy in the games various styles of survival beginnings.There is a multiplayer mode that is not yet in the condition it should be but it is getting there slowly but surely. Things take time, of course. Dedicated servers seem to be a step for the developers in the near future so players can build huge things with their friends...and destroy them.A decently high computer is required. Mine is sort of lower mid range at the moment and there are some graphical bugs due to that and presently multiplayer seems to me impossible to play. Like I said though, if you are a player who enjoys going out and gathering resource to build a huge space station or some ships to your exact liking with not-so-many-yet building parts yet then this is a game for you. I can't wait until it has AI to fight off however, and a faster way of moving the high amount of resources you mine from asteroids into processing and storage. It has weapons and blocks designed for item transport but it isn't finished yet due to, again, the Early Access model. It's still an Alpha build and for that, is damn good already.In the end, a game with a great deal of potential. If you enjoy idea of ""survival in space"" then this is for you for sure."
,Recommended,244850,11375151,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,CyberFerret,"Space Engineers is not minecraft in space. Ok so now that we have that out of they way, Space Engineers is a great game if you want to create ships with guns and blow stuff up. In its current state the multiplayer is playable but sometimes abit buggy, but that is to be expected from an alpha state. The game offers two modes, Creative and Survival. In creative mode you can build what ever you want with no need to collect resources, this is good if you just want to build some wonderfull ships. The Survival mode is just what its name suggests, unlike Creative mode you have to actually mine resources to build parts in this mode. In my personal opinion Survival mode is best played with friends as playing it alone can become boring very fast, but with friends it is very enjoyable and fun. The game is updated every Thursday which is nice as it is something to look forward to.In final review I would give this game in its current state a 8.9/10, it would have been a 10 if not for some multiplayer problems, but as I said the game is updated regually so prehaps these issues will be fixed soon.I hope this review was helpfull."
76561198039977423,Recommended,244850,12440550,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,LethalOwl,"Space Engineers is, as I write this, in version Alpha 01.051. I would like to put emphasis on the fact that it is Alpha early access. This is not a finished product, but I shall review it as it is right now. Edits may come.Space Engineers is, in short, an amazing space-based sandbox with physics. As Marek Rosa himself compared it with; It's kind of like Lego Technic. But if you want a comparison with other games, I'd say along the lines of Minecraft and, a game that I haven't played, Kerbal Space Program. You will find a lot of reviewers saying the same thing, because there's not much of a better comparison to make.The game offers 2 modes to be played; Creative and Survival. The creative mode allows you to build the spaceship / spacestation of your dreams. Or perhaps recreate a ship from one of your favorite games, series or movies that you've seen / played before. Meanwhile the survival mode puts you in the role of a space engineer that, at the current state of the game, is required to collect materials through mining in asteroids and from there on progress to build a station, more ships to make all this go swifter - and then possibly go pirating on passing cargo ships. Survival doesn't have much to offer as of yet.A way to make survival, in a way, more ""fun"" is through creating scenarios. Basically you can go into creative and create yourself a prepared world for a survival adventure later on! Everything from building bases and ships and hazards that the survival players will have to deal with, or even small 'mini-games'. This is one of the things that can make survival slightly more amusing.As most would agree right now; Survival is not fun alone for the most part and I'd say you'd enjoy this mode best alongside 1 or several other players. Creative mode, in my opinion, is better off done alone - Unless your creativity is severely lacking and wouldn't mind a helping hand in your creative builds.This game is worth the investment that it costs for what it offers and what it will offer in the future. With a VERY DEDICATED AND ACTIVE development team, this game shows more promise than most Early Access games do and should truly be the standard to expect of indie developers. Enthusiastic devs with great interest in what they're making. And with a lot of listening to the community. A lot of the additions to this game so far is because the PLAYERS ASKED. With the addition of modding to the game, and with that a very active modding community with more tools to make this a truly enjoyable experience, the ideas are quite endless.As a alpha-stage game, there are bugs and there will be more bugs - But there will also be bug-fixes. I'd like to say that if you're here for a survival-based experience with an end-goal and progression-styled gameplay with AI / mobs included to fend off to make your survival experience more epic... This isn't in the game yet. But as we progress, it is likely we will see these things very soon. If not through the developers, the modding community will surely get it done. But I'm fairly certain that the developers will get some sort of AI in to make the survival mode worthwhile.I'd say save your coins if you're not at all interested in this kind of game, but otherwise - Even if you're not going to play it much 'yet' - it is worth investing the cheap price for it to help the development of something that will truly be an amazing game in the end (It already is, really).The opportunities are endless. What will you be building? Join us in the quest to shape the one of the most amazing games ever made by an indie development team!- LethalOwl"
,Recommended,244850,12191830,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,RPINerd,"Space Engineers is a phenomenal example of how the Early Access program can be a real positive addition to the Steam ecosystem. The developers seem to be on top of this project and show a lot of passion for the game and even more for the players they are building this game for.I suppose it's inevitable that this game be called Minecraft in space, and while it's hard to argue that this is not an appropriate description I feel that it doesn't do this title justice. Space Engineers isn't just a rubbish Minecraft knockoff with a space skin on it; from the beginning this game was developed to stand on it's own as a sandbox, spacemining, crafting and combat simulator.The game, in it's current state, is fully functional; I cannot say the optimization is the best as of the writing of this early impressions but updates are frequent and content is still pouring in. I think for most people you're just as well off to wait until at least beta because I can see the content becoming stale for those who go in with just a mild interest in the idea of the game, however if you're a fan of sandbox gameplay and really love space, you won't regret picking up Space Engineers!"
76561197971159279,Recommended,244850,11603397,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Gaggon MaKack,"A little hard on the learning curve....but once you get it this game is so good I stopped masturbating to the mararthon of ""FULL HOUSE"" on TV LAND and played this instead! ..........is this game good you ask? .....""YOU GOT IT DUDE!"""
,Recommended,244850,11092219,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,BurntToasTJ.com,Do you like space? Do you like Minecraft? This is the game for you!I reccomened only buying if you're going to play with friends.
,Recommended,244850,9917553,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Erebus,"The only thing that would make me discourage people from getting this game is if I know that the person gets dizzy and sick easily.Yes, you will be spinning and turning and whirling in space trying to find what you just looked away from a minute ago. Mastering your jetpack can take some time depending on how used to this kind of stuff you are.Other than that, if you like sandbox games and would like to take things to the airless, zero gravity zone, this is the game for you.Each update added very interesting things, and this pattern is making it difficult to not wish for more stuff sooner."
,Recommended,244850,9270725,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,mcborge,If you are the creative type with a love for sci-fi... you need this game. its that simple.
76561198028407953,Recommended,244850,28193913,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,IT_Gamer62,Great Game
,Recommended,244850,10871900,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hero_Swe,Definitely holds a lot of promise and you should pay attention to this one. Get it for cheap while you can.Having played a few more hours of this game I've decided I do really enjoy it. But make sure you play with friends/people you can trust. So you don't end up spending time on something only for it to be rammed by a block ship.The developers are giving off a really good image by patching the game every thursday. With signifigant content too!
,Recommended,244850,10933909,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Herp!,"If you like space, gmod, spacebuild, minecraft, spaceships. You'll like this game a lot."
,Recommended,244850,12129649,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Lumindia,"When I first bought Space Engineers, I thought it was going to be one of those games that I buy, play for about 3 hours and never touch again. Boy, was I wrong. Before I knew it, I had sunk 90 hours into this game and I don't regret any of it."
76561198043014311,Recommended,244850,9820830,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SwahN,"this game is not sheyt, it is the shyet 10/10 would call gucci swaq"
76561198116617862,Not Recommended,244850,20415169,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ktosiu69,"Short review: This used to be a good game but then it took an arrow to the knee.Not so short review: Weekly thursday updates break more things than fix. Devs stack up features every week ignoring the deteriorating stability of the game. Performance issues plague multiplayer as well as singleplayer. This was a promising title, now it is not so. I fear it may soon share the fate of the studio's earlier game Miner Wars (look it up).Bottom line: Get it only while it's on sale."
76561197993262676,Recommended,244850,10507590,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,[STD]Darth_Giggles,"Great game I have really enjoyed it for the limited time I have so far. I would love to see more available tech and features though, especially for multiplayer.Perhaps knives or other cool future weapons for non-ship combat? Not to get all Trekker on you but perhaps shields, teleporters, tractor beams lol. Also options for trading at a station when your ship syncs up to a stations connector?Although I love to see more the game as is right now is still fun as hell. Dodging meteors, building ships for hours with friends then fighting to the death and destroying ships within minutes, or just working together to build massive ships/stations :)"
,Recommended,244850,10346007,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Sinj,This game is a masterpiece that is only bound by your imagination.
,Recommended,244850,16227203,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,InsultedCat,This is the game i have enjoyed the most of all games that i have played.Just buy it play it for 1000000000000 hours and never quit...thats how awesome this game is!
76561198168273377,Recommended,244850,21511393,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,CaptainEMP,I have owned this game for a little more than a year and it's great!Pros:Planets!Realistic physicsWeekly Updates with lots of Bug Fixingand a great modding community.Cons:For some reason there is a memory leak when playing a game with planets in it.And Yes I would recommend this game to any who likes Minecraft or related building/ survival games.
,Recommended,244850,8034443,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,DADDY DEREK,"8/10A really great game about building beautiful ships. AND THEN CRASH 'EMNo, but seriously, this game is awesome!Pros:- often updated- useful updates- enough shapes to build nice space ships, big or small- quite balanced CPU usageCons:- now in early access a bit lonely- the background looks meh, but can be changed through a ton of mods at least- light causes heavy lags (especially on those big ships you find in the workshop)...but light effects very likely cause lags =SSo I still think, really buy this game, give it a try. The price is really worth it, it's fun, you can get creative, and its potential seems to be used by the developers of this game very well. They don't add some crap nobody needs, but they add what really helps the game getting completed one day."
,Recommended,244850,22555152,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,[Dolphins] Snakevenom,"A fantastic game which has a near infinite amount of possibilities, only held back by the limitations of modern computers and internet connections."
,Recommended,244850,14886077,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,If you like building spaceships get this. If you like crashing spaceships into spaceships also get this.
,Recommended,244850,12851579,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Winston716,i spent 6 hours building a space station only to have it get blown to shreds by a single meteor shower. 11/10 GOTY im gonna go kill myself now
,Recommended,244850,10752912,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,=,Graphics: 4Sound: 3Controls: 4Replay Ability: 5Updates / Patches: 6Storyline: 1Multiplayer: 4Single Player: 5Lan Available: YesServers: 4DLC: N/AUser Interface: 4User Ability: NoviceOverall:  4 out of  6Notes:Graphics are Lego'ish with a shortness of detail. The sound aspect of the game is a little weak. Controls can very from easy to complex. Endless possible creations that you can build. Multi-Player can be pleasant to unbareable due to lag. Single-Player is a sandbox of no end.Caution: CPU/GPU/MEMORY Usage Can Become Extremely High.[1] Horrible [2] Poor [3] Fair [4] Good [5] Great [6] OutstandingThings not available (N/A) are NOT included in score.ding
76561198108271640,Not Recommended,244850,24685114,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Alexander,"It was a good idea but too ambitious for such a small team. The planet update was the turning point, it wasn't necassary to impliment at such an early stage of development and has only detracted from the other aspects of the game. All they've done is created more probelms and failed to focus on the more important game play mechanics. Shame really."
76561198049663121,Not Recommended,244850,19764858,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,AW,"The game is very good but right now it has too many bugs to be playable.It randomly crashes for no reason,you cant use pistonts and rotors in multiplayer because they just glitch out and break everything"
76561197978155502,Not Recommended,244850,20273987,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,brianmi,"2 years in and they STILL can't make it JUST WORK.Unfortunately I have to side with those suggesting that you carefully consider before buying.  At this point it seems to me:1. there are too many bugs left in, or added via new releases2. have no idea when / if will leave early access and be bugless and finished3. mining and building in it is fun and certainly the pinnacle of what it offers now when the bugs don't send you awry, but it seems Empyrion has quickly eclipsed it in playability if you want to build things like hover vehicles, spacecraft and base stations and is less buggy, or, if you want space flight, combat, trading, mission objectives with less construction and instead can live with just customizing space vehicles as you pick and choose your way through a wide variety of spacecarft with customizable components and optimizations for different ways of playing, Elite Dangerous is way ahead and Star Citizen is supposed to be on our side of the horizon this year.So, at this point Elite Dangerous has stolen what time I might have continued to put into SE to get my outer space Star Trek fix and it's hard imagining they catch up to reach a level of playability that's more fun than the competition is already at.At a minimum buy it on SALE and don't pay full price..."
,Not Recommended,244850,23878415,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Skrimshaw,"Incredible game but has been unplayable for the better half of 1 year.As soon as I create world, game loads, and eventually crashes on error System.AccessViolationExceptionReally wish the game would work because it really is a good game but considering this issue has been unfixed for almost a year, I would recommend staying away from this game."
,Not Recommended,244850,20026862,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Mr. Clean,"I cannot recommend this game at its current stage. Unless you build something that doesn't move (no pistons or rotors), or only ever play single player, your creation will break immediately or at some point down the road.Creative is great fun since every time something breaks you don't need to worry about resources having been lost due to bugs and desynchronizations, you just build a new one. There still isn't a whole lot to DO in the game though, just lots to look at. Planets are a huge step forward though."
76561198014839562,Not Recommended,244850,20161393,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rubitron 5001,"The developers and this game are broken. You will run into the most game breaking and frustrating bugs if you play this. Here is the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥you will deal with:-The game crashes every single time you play, sometimes 5 minutes in, sometimes an hour in, but it always happens.-There are several blocks you can build that just don't work. Want to make a cool hangar door that hinges open? Use a rotor. Oh wait, too bad they randomly explode for no reason and destroy whatever you worked hard on. Want to build a cool rover like the devs claim you can do? Too bad, the wheels are basically aesthetic and usually end up making your rover fall through the planet and kill you.-Want to build on the planets and make a cool base? Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ the planets are so poorly optimized that even a mid-high end gaming computer can barely run them.-Using one of the most critical block in the game, landing gear, instantly crashes the game most of the time.-You also can't land ships on planets. The ships will violently shake themselves to death or explodeYou would think the developers would actually make these game ruining bugs a high priority and make their games at least usable instead of cheating their customers out of their money, but nah, instead update the game to add robot dogs that self explode. At this point maybe the game is actually about keeping a ship in one piece for longer than an hour without it crashing or exploding."
,Not Recommended,244850,25609937,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Skylaser,"Let me take you back about 2 years ago. Space Engineers was an amazing game a must own as it was fun, constantly updated and most importantly stable. Now picture the excitement when you look at the weekly updates that PLANETS had finnally been introduced. It was going to be amazing but when i loaded it up constant lag and took 1 hour to load. oh well i thought after all this was the first day so surely they will optimize it. But month by month it got worse and worse with the RAM requirements actually doubling for playing without planets and despite constant bug fixes and Optimisation. The game today is a sad and depressing shadow of its former glory. If this had been 2 years ago I would have told you to buy it rightaway as a must own but now avoid this game likethe plague until the situation improves however at this rate that may be never."
,Recommended,244850,34310105,Posted: 17 August,all,NuclearDisaster,"The game is fun, although there are many bugs.  The developers are dedicated and are not going to drop development."
76561198152934925,Recommended,244850,12944869,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,oOBulletlaggg,"Great game to just pick up and play, after fiddling with the controls for a bit. I found it not a problem because most fun games should have some sort of learning curve to them."
,Recommended,244850,22195974,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Chryseus🍸,"Note: While I do recommend this game you should be aware of the following problems:The game developer (Keen Software House) leaves much to be desired, interaction with the community is in general very poor and they have a habbit of implementing features that are poorly thought out and often untested, normally this would be okay but for some reason they do not have a development branch so player are often forced to deal with game breaking bugs, some of which can take weeks to be resolved, still they do update every Thursday which is a plus even if it's just bug fixes.Performace in the game is very bad, even with a fairly high end machine you can expect problems, planets for example can consume 6GB of memory on low textures, at higher texture settings it's possible to reach 10GB or more which is insane, multiplayer is poorly optimized with frequent crashes on the dedicated server, this is extra annoying since you die if you get disconnected while not inside a cryo chamber, you also need a DirectX 11 card, I'd suggest the GTX 970 at the minimum, performance is significantly better in space.If you like this type of game and have a good PC you may be able to overlook the bugs, it's a lot of fun when everything works and there is a nice variety of mods on the Steam workshop, I'm hopeful these issues will be fixed in the near future but for now you should carefully consider before buying."
76561198054468232,Recommended,244850,7904395,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cuttlefish,This is a really great game considering it is in open alpha/beta and all you can really do is mine random asteroids and build ships.When multiplayer and proper mining function comes this game will be amazing.
,Not Recommended,244850,35210913,Posted: 25 September,all,Mazian,"Microtransactiosn before the game even exits Early Access. I used to have a positive opinion of Keen & this game. My opinion has steadily declined as they fail to address multiplayer issues, problems with their development strategies (often breaking things in Space Engineers because of a change to Medeival Engineers, and vice versa), and now the addition of microtransactions before the game even is finalized.I'm still following the game, but there are so many other games that do what they do and better... I'm not confident that they're capable of getting back on track-- but I'll check it out when it goes standard release so that I can honestly update my rating (and remove the EA review marker.)PS, in announcement thread for Microtransactions, Keen official contacts (with the yellow Developer label) were quoting steam moderation rules to people complaining about negative comments. World class."
,Not Recommended,244850,20390001,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,ELRinley,"Two yea and still nothing but customization-intolerant gamepad support? Two years and I'm still stuck rap-tap-tapping on my keyboard to flutter my thrusters while listening to people yap and sing and squawk about how wonderful Xpadder is?No, don't tell me about Xpadder. No, I won't use it. If I was going to I'd just use the Saitek profiler anyway. No, I'm not going to. I do not WANT to emulate zero-or-full keypresses with an analog device, that's why I quit playing Freelancer.And that's why I'm uninstalling this.I'm sick of waiting for proper device support. I'm sick of waiting for basic, first year functions that no other 6DOF game would have ever been forgiven for lacking."
,Not Recommended,244850,24801742,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Head Hunter (no mic),"I was really excited for this game because it is a awesome idea! Then the lag kicked in and forced me to go into windowed and disabled all the really cool things and the only world that I could is empty space. Until this game gets optimised I will not recommend this game to people with ""low ended PC""also for those who hates these reviews play this game at the highest settings and you know what I meanUpdate!!!!!: I have just recently updated my pc and if runs better. still some lags but if way more playable now"
76561197990648487,Recommended,244850,14780949,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Apocalatypus,It's fun but sometimes you DO get bored of it after a long time. But over ALL it's pretty fun.
76561198171010946,Not Recommended,244850,23423676,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,geom666999,"Space Engineers is a geat game, or at least it was. Today its pretty much dead if you ask me. The game started off well and development really kept the community interested. The major problem is the game was basic at the start so the fact that its terribly optimised really wasnt all that bad even for mid level computers. But they keep adding more and more stuff to an already poor performing game. The game has had a long development cycle at his point and barely playable for a lot of us. Even the most tricked out desktop will run this game fairly badly. Your pretty much hoping for your computers worst performance to be able to run the game smoothly. Rather than fixing any optimisation issues however they continue to add new features and more complex systems to the game making it basically unplayable nowadays. Even a simple sever with a small ship is likely to have framerate issues and generally look graphically bad which to be honest has always been the case. I just wish they would actually think about properly finishing the game instead of just throwing new gimmicks to the player base which is getting smaller by every update. It feels now like the game has fallen into that development abyss and doomed to die slowly and painfully when in reality this was and could have been a great game. Its a great idea after all. Who doesnt want minecraft in space with huge cool looking ships you can build, fly, destroy, salvage etc etc. It an awesome idea but totally dead now. Even building anything moderately big will cause major framerate issues. I enjoyed the time i played this game because i got to enjoy that slightly lighter and ealier build which worked despie all the problems. Nowadays though i dont even bother looking at it anymore because its just sad to watch a game like this run so poorly. If im honest im angry at the developers for really screwing this up soo much. It was even mentioned about an xbox one and possible ps4 port at one point. Just another development failure but not to worry, or at least they shouldnt worry because they already took your money and didnt deliver on the promises. Either way they win."
,Not Recommended,244850,19656038,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,NiKuTa,"I have about 1000h in this game. At this stage of game I'm very disappointed, and I will not recommended this game !!! I'm playing only MP.When I buy this game I love it. Game have some bugs, but works perfect, no CTD (or only few), runs smooth, FPS without problem on weak old machine. a lot of servers, Good performance on servers, drilling works very good. It was something amazing to create a ships and play with this ships on MP. Because it is ALPHA so i say, few bugs oki, they will fix it. We have a ""patch"" every Thursday, and I like it, at the beginning. Now I don't play any more. I stop playing when planets arrive in to game.Now we have a game which is poor optimized, with more bugs. Each of Thursday patch fix one bug, but create 2 new bugs. :(Until planets arrive in to game I was playing on DX9 even when i was able to set dx 11. Planets force you to use DX11!!DX11 looks awfully compared to DX9. I hate play on DX11.DX11 is poorly optimized!! A huge stuttering and low FPSDX11 the colours are awfully, light are ........ !!! Only shadows are better.We have bugs from the beginning of game, which Devs CANT FIX !!!...I can write about this game a whole wall, but i will write it shortly:- Poor optimization DX11.- DX11 look awfully .- A lots of bug - Huge amount of bugs.- Devs can't fix a bugs form beginning of game. Even if they fix it after 2-3 weeks or more devs make that this bug return.- MP is almost dead ( at the beginning there was a lots of server with better performance).- Planets look not so good with poor performance.- Thursday patches are ""crap"" make more bugs then they fix them.- Drilling, welding will kill good machine, on MP kill server.- NPC with ion engines re-spawn on planets :] - nice boom !!!- New simspeed on MP- MP ENGINE is it a joke- Rotors, pistons, landing gears, merge blocks, and some other blocks don't work properly on MP.- Some blocks can ""kill"" server :]+ Still creating of ships is great !!!!!!My recommendation in DON'T BUY THIS GAME. wait until devs fix this game. But in my opinion they will never fix it.My spec are:-I7 4470K-16 GB ram-SSD-Radeon R9 270XMy setting in game - medium .EDIT 1 (May 2017)I install a game one more time. Start playing on PL server. For the first month it was very nice game. Performance was very good. Even if server have 6 planets :). It was rally nice playing ( I start liked this game one more time), until new patch was out. (After so many years of game, devs still ""produce"" patches in every Thursday). This patch destroy the fun of playing. My ships start explode during flight, gears stop working, and very often you loose a ship kept by a gear.Sim Speed go down. BTW Devs must be an idiots that they make something like server sim speed and your sim speed !!!!!!!!!!!! In next patch devs don't fix gears, but create a new bugs.And when My ship explode during flight 3 km above planet, I delete the game.The game is over for me !!!I STILL DON'T RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DON'T BUY IT. this game had potential , but it is a CRAP now. Devs are an idiots, still cant fix some bugs from the beginning of the game( example rotors, pistons still don't work in MP)!! Even If they fix some bugs, the bugs will return in next (after week, month or year) patch!!!DON'T BUY THIS GAME and never buy any game from this devs. If they have problem with this game they will have problem in others games!!!!!Game have more then 4-5 years and still in EARLY ACCESS. This is a joke."
76561197993985973,Not Recommended,244850,22475187,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The_Dark_Ryu,"20 Dec 2016, still major bugs in multiplayer did keen not rebuild the muliplayer to work better?It is now 12th aug 2016 and still the bugs have not been fixed I can still not play online with friends without masive lag spikes.I have given this game chance after chance to improve, no matter how many times they say this bug or that bug has been fixed it never is. Every time i join a friends game i am faced with bouncing up and down and even falling through planets (a bug that they claim has been fixed) randomly dying just an unplayable game. It is almost as if they don't even test the fixes that they say they have done. I use to love this game when it first came out but now I'm not sure i can even play it anymore.Single player mode seems a lot more stable but that's not why i own the game I don't want to be stuck playing by myself all the time. I can only recommend you buy this game when it is on sale because it really isn't worth £19I wish Steam's refund system was out when i bought this game"
76561198041203035,Not Recommended,244850,33150683,Posted: 2 July,all,amusquiz,"A little story first. My once best friend begged me for months to play this, I finally got the money and spent the 9.99$ while it was on sale. Just when I first started the game with him we spawned in the astroid preset. He said that it was the easiest to start out. After a while we could not find the materials to build a ship. So he said restart, it took 2 hours until we finally got a simple grinder.After having performance issues and crashes I stopped playing. Now I know what you are thinking ""Potato computer"" but my computer is able to run gta V and other 2014 under games at 40-60 fps. The only thing wrong with my computer is it's using a bad graphics card. I was using all this as a reason not to play so I did not hurt my dear old friend. He kept begging until I finally told him I found it boring. Now I as a person who has played many survival games this one is not difficult just poorly done, a lot like this review.For the most part I never got a chance to try out ship building I just saw it done. It took way too long with the materials already in hand to make a grinder ship. This would not be so bad if it did not stall the entire game. He kept saying ""If it's boring then let's set it to normal"" I think he does not understand who I am. I have played 7 days to die, don't starve, dayz,l4d2, l4d, nmrih, killing floor, and unturned. I think I have seen enough to know this game can't be that difficult besides resource struggling. Mostly because the only way to effectively get resources is asteroids and that's mostly based on your spawn if you spawn in an unlucky place it could take hours to find anything because you don't spawn with a ship unless you want to fly 200,000m to take it back to base and be able to craft stuff.You heard I told you about my once best friend? Well it's not because of this game he just went insane over time to the point I had to let him go. I blocked and unfriended him his name shale not be mentioned as to not damage his reputation. The only thing that might be good on this game is the sandbox but I am not gonna even try that."
76561197974127850,Not Recommended,244850,24433452,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Lexe,"Pro:+ weekly updates+ infinite space: 500.000.000 kilometers of space to explore in every direction. You can literally never find the border of the 'gameworld' / galaxy.+ random encounters with NPC ships+ Aliens (after a 2 year wait), finally alien life is in the gameCon:- Open to griefplay: Work on  each design for 10 hours, in your 150 hour savegame while behind your back some random fool sabotages your desings in 10 seconds. Let your friends in, nobody else.- The weekly updates are too small. A zoom function on a an exising camera block is considered an update ? lol.- Insane learning curve: Will make 95% of your Steam friends turn around and run away screaming.- Insane depth: Infinite possibilities. It's a job, not a game.- PVE: Lack of content. No food. No crops. No anything. You only get to find ores and shoot the odd alien.- No liquids, no water, no oil, only solids.- Optimisation issues: Get a NASA approved PC before installing SE.- blueprint mayhem: The blueprint folder is a knuckledragging primitive system. IF you use it, it will turn into a giant mess very quickly.- script mayhem: Same deal for scripts. Primitive interface to manage scripts.- Maximim speed 110 m/s: This has to do with load timing, still it's very annoying to fly a ship design that can never reach over 110 m/s speed. Even though you are in frictionless space. Ugh just don't think about it.- Apart from a few YouTube people who make a living from building complex designs, I'm not sure people still bother with it.Conclusion: .1) The game is a fun concept to think about. Infinite space, generated planets, generated asteroids, limitless possibilities. But in practice I can't find anyone with enough patience or inspiration to join me in my game.2) The game takes too much building time to make it a viable PVP game. build for 20 hours, get destroyed in 2 seconds...The game needs way more PVE content. recipes, plants, aliens, random places to visit. Right now it has none of those.3) The game defeats itself. You get ore to build a ship, a ship to get ore to build a ship. Then you realize survial mode build ships are garbage so you switch to creative mode and build a perfect ship. Now you switch back to survival mode and can't find a reason to actually spend 10 days to find the resources to  build the ship from the blueprint you've just made in creative mode. End game reached."
,Recommended,244850,12965031,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Foo Fighter,"even tho the game is still in development the sandbox is fun, playing online is impressive and i could not see any bugs that i had an issue with 9/10 rubber chickens"
76561198085841480,Not Recommended,244850,20385117,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,rc8788,"I use to really enjoy this game however I have grown tired of waiting for issues that originated over a year ago to be resolved. The game has amazing potential however it still has a long way to come as far as playability, I would recommend waiting to get this game it has a long way to go."
,Recommended,244850,12452508,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Lazy Laze,Makes you want to become a real astronaut.10/10
,Recommended,244850,23207037,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,[-TFW-] President Matt,This game is amazing but too bad i need to go and buy a processor to actually play it smoothly
76561198124821563,Recommended,244850,9884940,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Party Sloth,"It's armageddon! Crash your ships into your friend's, or build a space station together. It's the best space game called ""Space Engineers"" that I've ever played. It's also the only one that I've ever played. PLAY IT!"
76561198079461236,Recommended,244850,11151362,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LuvinDaMuffin,gud game[edit]yep still gud game[Double Edit]Iz still gud[Triple Edit]ye iz gud but plunets wood be nice o3o[Quadrouple edit]just realized plunets were added but idk what else dis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game needs so 10/10
,Recommended,244850,11018642,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DeadWeight4U,"This is a very large, and expansive game.Even thought it is on early access, there are a tonne of things that this game has to offer, and the mod support is getting better every week.The one thing that I very much like about the Game is actually the developers and how they stay in contact with their community.I would, will and have recommended this game to any and all of my friends."
,Recommended,244850,9623088,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,BarrinLad,The game is too floaty... It's really hard to change direction and♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's like I'm in space or something. Wooeeoow
,Recommended,244850,10246578,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,=ADK= Spyderbyte88,awsome little space sim/ Ship builder will be better when they add more in the future.
,Recommended,244850,9727971,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,bloxgate,Amazing game! You can do so much with what it has now. Can't wait to see what the future holds.
,Recommended,244850,10933446,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mad AVOID,"This is an amazing game, the graphics are great the building is fun and fighting is cool. Ship wars are espacilly fun as you can either build and customise your own ship or just modify one of the ships spawned in for you. It is like Star Wars but a sort of pixel version of it with less futuristic stuff and more realistic stuff. Flying through asteroids are great and feel awesome to go through. I reccomend this game to any Sci-Fi fans who like Star Wars, Star Trek or Doctor Who or just any Sci-Fi fan. It is deffinately worth getting and since it is Early Access, I only see it getting better."
,Recommended,244850,11335198,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DarkMellie,"One of the freshest gaming concepts to come along in years. Take the crafting of Minecraft, the Zero-G insanity of Shattered Horizon and the resource gathering and tech-trees of Starcraft and you've got Space Engineers.The one element that really captured my attention to begin with, was how after mining, I'd have to float above the conveyor belts, drop the ore from my inventory and then that phsyical item would drop into the refinery and I could both hear and watch (through its own inventory screen) as it refined that ore into a usable format.You take the stuff out, select what you want to build then place it and the framework appears.. you then pull out your welder and get to work, eventually your object will be fully formed.Throw in co-op, meteor showers and the incredible ability to build and colour your own moving spacecraft and this is just an endless experience.Hit me up, I need a co-op partner!"
,Recommended,244850,11740986,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,mAHk,GOOD GAME PLAY WITH FRIENDS IN SPACE NO ONE CAN HEAR YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 12/10 DISENFECTANT SPRAYS OUT OF 5
,Not Recommended,244850,10059298,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,DracoSys,"The developers choose to ignorantly add in new features and fix minor bugs rather than focus on issues which have plagued this game from the beginning. The vast possibilities of this game lie in multiplayer, which is ultimately broken and always has been. No substantial changes have been made to remedy this. Instead, new features are added and tested at what seems like a very minimal standard *on single player* (or maybe LAN).Players do not find it fun to put countless hours into creating complex grids to watch them randomly, without propulsion, and without any force applied, fly off into the depths of space. Or have a ship using landing gear suddenly fly through 3 layers of a station's hull and tear up hours of timing, piston control, and power management.Most of us generally understand how things like pistons and rotors work; push/pull and rotate, respectively. We definitely do not understand how, sitting there idle, on default values, on a stationary base, on a planet... these things explode and launch what it's connected to off into the distance or directly at the long grind of a construct ripping holes through and auto-destroying all it comes in contact with.Taking a look at their forums, several solo fan boys cheer them on. Several others voice their 'lesser' opinions. When requested to fix these ongoing issues with multiplayer (the true potential of the game), they are either ignored... OR DIRECTED TO THEIR CODE REPO! The developers are asshats. We are the gamers; the players. We are the END-USERS; the CUSTOMERS. We are not their code-lackeys. We have Steam. Then there's their own forums. They also want to throw in their repo? NEWSFLASH: when customers are looking to purchase or further support your product, we're looking at the point of sale and possibly a forum. Both of these being either ignored or deflected by the developers is an extremely poor practice.Until they fix what is actually important before adding in new shinies, I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME. That truly sucks because I have a group of friends who have been asking about Space Engineers for more than 9 months now. I know the devs couldn't give less of a crap about the little drop of 3-5 more sales in their large bucket of a scam but there's people out there waiting for some stability."
76561197979718209,Recommended,244850,10702341,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Milo,This game has unlimited potential. with a small staff of support constantly listening to community feedback.
,Recommended,244850,12438878,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Randomguy406,"I love this game, it's really one-of-a-kind. I totally recomend this game."
,Recommended,244850,10043564,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,MATHELUS,"If you have ever played with lego, you will know the fun of building a plane in several hours, a city in several more, and then smashing them together while parts fly all over the room. This game is like a lego space set. Same idea, just with no mess to clean up afterwards, or any bricks to step on.  10/10 from me."
,Recommended,244850,9888098,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Mr_B3n - ts.censored.life  <soon,Love the game... Been waiting for a game like this in soo long... Keep up good work
,Recommended,244850,9647172,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Thomas Jefferson,"UPDATED 2/2015Several months have passed since I purchased Space Engineers. The name of the game is exactly that: the challenge of engineering in space, being able to procure resources on site, and use those resources to become more efficient and defend your creations. Although the game is still in alpha stages, the potential is huge! The developers release updates almost weekly, most of which include new features that change game play and introduce new challenges! I don't want to be cliché and compare it to Minecraft. It's more like LEGOS in space, but you have to survive by creating all of your block from scratch, and procuring resources to keep you alive!Building ships in creative mode shows the potential this game has for creation, especially if you can imagine several people building, mining, and fighting at once. Multi-player AND survival adds a whole new kind of engineering challenge. All weapons exist and work in game, and the use of factions allows for greater organization when playing on MP servers.Space exploration is now enabled, which allows you to travel more than 6 AU's from the center point of the map. 6 AU's is 6x the distance from Earth to the Sun, so it's practically unlimited! The addition of derelict ships and stations is great, especially when you're drifting through space with the default spawn ship and little resources. Cargo ships now shoot back when you approach them, and there is a ""super secret AI project"" in the works.If you've been on the fence about purchasing SE, I wouldn't procrastinate any longer. The more people there are testing and making suggestions to the game, the faster it'll be released in beta, and final forms. Besides, the game is well worth it as it is!Just remember, this game is in ALPHA, which is before BETA, and you will encounter some minor problems than an unfinished game has. I personally have joined the forums at Keen Software House and have been involved in suggested features and bug reports.Pros:- Creative/survival mode- Multiplayer- Ship weapons enabled- Procedural asteroid generation / limitless map- Awesome damage and repair effects- Huge potential- Very fast development/weekly update releasesCons:- It's alpha; if you can deal with the fact that things will change over time (so far for the better), then this isn't a problem for you!"
76561198132307031,Recommended,244850,12437117,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MattPlaysSimulations,Love this game! I play it almost every day and with regular updates each week I'm always looking forward to it. Fantastic game keep it up :)
,Recommended,244850,11992223,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,N.F.C. PepeUltimate,YOU SPACE BUILD MANMAKE BOAT FOR SPACEES SPOCKE
76561198089496863,Recommended,244850,11249043,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,mrflopsie,If you want to ram a ship the weighs 300 million kg up the♥♥♥♥♥♥of some poor sap who is playing with his♥♥♥♥♥♥aboard his ship than you should get this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198139646569,Recommended,244850,11848893,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Takumi Fujiwara,I get boner to this
,Recommended,244850,11001547,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Arbitron,Space Engineers is one of those games for those who love to build things. It makes itself unique from its terrestrial counterparts in that you build everything in the weigthlessness of outerspace.Space Engineers strikes a great balance between realistic and fun. The resource system gives good meaning to what you do;collecting resources isnt as easy as punching a tree you'll either need to go out and drill it in zero-g (not easy) then refine it at your base (if you've a refinery and fuel to run it.) However attachments like the rocket launcher and placeable warhead make for some great sandbox fun.I will say my favorite part of Space Engineers has to be the damage system; things look awesome when you wreck them together. That coupled with the physics system.. is a match made in heaven. You will immediately know if your ship is missing somthing on its maiden voyage as it will hurdle out into space or charge wrecklessly into your space station. It's a blast.Best building game I've played so far in my life and I have played a lot of minecraft.
,Recommended,244850,11304402,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Meepy <3,Fly Fly Fly Bulild build build BEST GAME EVER DEM AWESOME GRAPHICS
,Recommended,244850,29175017,Posted: 10 January,all,Mesa Kat,"gr8 game if you like destruction and crashed ships and planet survival and space survival etc. The thing I dont like though is the lag when i go near certain planets like the Earthlike planet and the Alien planet. Other than that, i wuv dis gaem :pp"
,Recommended,244850,9677775,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Renley,"Well, this is my review for Space Engineers, I hope that its helpful.  Space Engineers is really really awesome, for an alpha, it has  great playability, stability, and its really fun.  The updates are frequent and mostly meaningful. I've never gottn bored with the game.  Its very unique, and is not a minecraft clone.  Space Engineers doesn't feel very block based.  So overall stop reading this review and buy the game, you won't regret it.note: English IS my first language, so all of you grammar nazis out there can feel free to annoy me :)To the customers: nobody paid me to write this positive review for the gameTo the Developers: if you want to pay me for writing a positive review for this game, then I'd be fine with that"
76561198091949514,Recommended,244850,35102830,Posted: 21 September,all,Lazerus,I had a problem with this game but it turnes out it was my settings on my GPU now its all sorted and the game runs just fine if not better than before so thanks for the support from the devs and my friends.
,Recommended,244850,15635216,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nightwielder,"Newtonian physics based Minecraft is space; Weekly updates, what's not to like?If you like to build and ram things into other people's stuff, this game will swallow your soul."
76561198052996468,Recommended,244850,9485596,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,True Hero,"I love this game,"
,Recommended,244850,14564970,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,Don't buy this unless you have smarts or very smart friends you can leech off of.I have neither and now I'm just floating in space.Halp.
,Recommended,244850,11069249,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,PsyFox.G,Best sandbox ever. A must-buy even in Early Access. Thanks to VRAGE engine.
76561198014551130,Recommended,244850,11557013,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,[ϟ.ϟ.] Capuccino_SP,great game!
,Recommended,244850,7884507,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Nahr,"If you like smashing things then this game is for you.  If you don't, then this game is still for you."
,Recommended,244850,12466064,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Grammern,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
,Recommended,244850,10379279,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Idaeus III,"Say goodbye to Minecraft-in-space sandbox games.Space Engineersis, in my opinion, a masterpiece and, while still under development, is most definitely worth your time and money if you're in to the creative sandbox 'genre.'As of now, I won't criticize it too heavily since it is still in Early Access. However, I will review the general components of the game:Graphics: The realistic graphical style of the game is quite fitting and very easy to look at, boasting a ton of high-quality textures. The lighting is also very well done.Sound: The sound design is pretty solid, even though not all of it has been implemented. Although, the music soundtracks are very engaging and fitting. If the game had its own official OST, I would buy it personally.Gameplay Mechanics: What's currently presented is quite impressive. However, there are some hiccups. As this is an Early Access game, you will most likely find bugs, glitches, and generally unfinished mechanics as you play. Once again, keep in mind that this game is still a WIP.Multiplayer/Optimization: Now this is where the game currently falls short. The lag in multiplayer can become unbearable. Same can be said on singleplayer, although it is much less severe. Both instances of dropped framerate, both in MP and SP, are usually caused by either(or both) how many objects are in the world or the host's connection.Thankfully, they have added dedicated servers, but they are still a WIP. With this kind of framerate issue, it is nearly impossible to have large-scale projects with you and/or your friends without a hint of dropped framerate. While the devs are working vigorously to optimize the game as a whole, it is probably a category of the game that won't be perfected for a while.Replayability: This is something I really don't need to go into. It's a SANDBOX game! It only ever ends when you stop playing it entirely, and since there are essentially limitless things to do, there's an infinite amount of replayability.While the game does suffer from optimization issues and unfinished mechanics, remember that this game is still inEarly Access.It's not the final product.With that said, here's my take on the rating system based on the game's current state:Graphics: 8/10Sound: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10Optimization: 4.5/10Replayability: 10/10Overall rating:7/10, a solid sandbox title, especially for the price of $20.00.However, this rating could go up or down in the future. As this is an Early Access title, this rating is based on what the game is like now, not on how it will be in the future. I have high hopes for Space Engineers, and I hope it is all the Devs and the fans want it to be when it is released as a final product."
,Recommended,244850,11068228,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Sami-Kun,"it's a game, in spaceyou can shoot stuff, in spaceand fly things, in spaceand give it a 10/10, in spaceand die, in spaceand mine, in spaceand die again, in spaceand die another time, in spacedie some more, in space"
76561198133266718,Recommended,244850,12579887,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Gears,"I love this game, sure you need a decent computer to do really big builds but the game is really fun and I would recommend it to all my friends and even more, I also made a video of a ship I built not sure if ill make more maybe tho."
,Recommended,244850,9901460,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Schizma ⚰ | ni🅱️🅱️er.flac,A that finally got physics right. Wow.Actually wait... its still in alpha... damn me...why am I even trying :(
76561198073809857,Recommended,244850,9773886,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[HF]Solanaceae,"I greatly recommend this game for anybody who enjoy things that are legitimately time consuming. What i mean is that to get one thing, you have to gain access to other things through mining, decompiling, disassembling, etc. This game was so genuinely fun for me that i will continue to play this long into the future. Anybody reading this review should take a good long look at this game and think, ""Do i truly like/enjoy stategy and space?"" ENJOY! :D"
,Recommended,244850,12356073,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,M'Cree,"Great game, although im not top far into it yet, it's very fun, but i have to say, it is very headace, and/or nausia engulging, or that's just me, who knows?"
,Recommended,244850,13178331,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,amars7590,One of the best games with a space element and building in the dame game.
,Recommended,244850,10745021,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,❤私は犬を犯す❤,"I love this game. Even in the Early Access Game (EAG) is so fun. People will keep sayingOMG SERIOUSLY MINECRAFT IN SPACE!GOD SERIOUSLY IT IS MORE THEN THAT!Guys seriously it is more. You can got creative mode where you just float around or use your jetpack and build space stations, ships, solar panels and much more. You can do that in survival mode though you need all the resources to make that and that can be a bit of a pain.There are astroids in space and you get resources such as uranium, gold, nickel, iron and more.I recommend this game to everyone who loves space and spending time to make huge ships and get the top score.I give this game 99.9/100"
,Recommended,244850,9466461,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,SSIC,"11/10 Makes minecraft survival look like creative mode, challenging, fun and never gets boring."
,Recommended,244850,12623116,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Vastonik,"Normally I'm not an early-acess type of person, but I saw the developers of this game are EXTREMELY competent and consistent with a schedule of weekly updates every thursday which include new features and bugfixes.I'm happy with the game's current direction really. The developers enabling modding support was a really smart move on their part because modding communities often contribute fantastic gameplay and features (much like Garry's Mod!).Gameplay-wise the game is just a sandbox survival with a main focus on construction and resourse gathering. For anyone to have more of an experience of that they need to roleplay or create their own sub-games.What I'd like to see now is different game-modes and less focus on construction/manipulation. Even something simple like a Science Unlocking system would work, or more random events like direlect space stations with aliens in them to explore (and explode!)The game is going a great direction, is plenty of fun to mess around in, however can get quite boring over time if you're playing by yourself in survival."
76561198041151638,Recommended,244850,11625526,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Blab423,Quack.
76561198080443696,Not Recommended,244850,19297900,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Bourbon,"Bug causes clipping to death through walls and other random objects. This has been in the game since at least april. Die every 30-45 minutes, without fail, for no reason. Not fun, wasted a couple days, building bases, mining, and then dieing for no reason--against walls, against floors, while walking on asteroids--and once while just sitting in a cockpit.It's like the devs don't even care.I want a refund. For the number of times I had to restart, the number of times I lost what I built, the amount of time wasted tediously travelling only to die because of garbage coding practices..Space Engineers isn't worth it, not even for the discount price of 50% off.Garbage. Fix this NOW."
76561198096565660,Recommended,244850,9925866,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Dax Olisia,"A brilliant game that is cetanly worth more than they charge. Not only a sandbox game and a first person explorer/survival/shooter but a physics game as well. This game will test your building creativity and practicaity at the same time. May the force of gravity be with you; always. (no really, its a good thing to keep around)"
,Not Recommended,244850,32414047,Posted: 14 June,all,Aldakoopa,"I started playing this game back in 2014 and fell in love with it. It wasn't without it's issues then but they were easy to avoid or work around. Performance was great and the game hardly crashed. Fast forward a few years and I have gotten completely tired of the game getting consistently worse. It used to be fun to laugh at the bugs but this game has become a bad joke and it's just not funny anymore. Everything they try to fix it somehow ends up broken in a different way, most of the time worse off than it was before. The last big update recently (at the time of writing this review) I haven't even tried, all I had to do was look at all the new bug reports and issues people were having to know I would just get more aggravated with a game I've already become tired of. There have been practically daily hotfixes since that patch, each one breaking something else.After 3 years, I just uninstalled because I'm tired of it using my internet bandwidth and writing on my harddrive when it's only getting worse."
76561198147214030,Recommended,244850,15224244,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,1Forge2RuleThemAll,"Space engineers is a very fun and unique game, it allowes for a great time building in outer space, and if desired the ability to fight in space. The game is nice and balanced between being realistic and still fun for the players. This game is superb. Its counterpart medeval engineers is also highly recomended with structural integrity and other great features. Overall i give both games five stars."
76561198016401618,Recommended,244850,13074969,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Mushmom,If you like space. This game has a lot of it.
76561198059329096,Recommended,244850,8791958,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Capt_Blitzkrieg,"Think Garry's Mod meets Minecraft in SPACE. This is anything and everything you could want in a space freebuilder and more, and it's still only in the alpha of the alpha.If you can't spend $15 to buy this game, you shouldn't be buying games. F*** you.Who doesn't want to spend 5 hours building something, just to ram it into the front end of your buddy's ship and watch and listen to it crunch like a tin can? Who doesn't want to shoot missiles into the default space station just 'cos, and watch debris smack your ship in the roof? Guess what? YOU CAN DO THAT! BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198104089191,Recommended,244850,11621538,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"So this is about space. About you being a little guy / gal on your own to build. Why? I dont know, build what? Basically whatever you want. No real plot, But it works out well.  You can start in many differnt ways, but I wanted to get a feel for the 'whole' of the game, so I started in Survival mode, ( limited resources ) in a Rescue ship.  This starts you with a ship that has all the basics you need to get going, and about 15 minutes of flight time on fuel.I have been expirementing and working on learning how things do what. Its pretty amazing what all can be built.A good little game to mess with.Granted, all you do right now is mine, build and you can go after NPC ships, or online vs other people, so it may not hold your attention forever, but its well worth the time to try it out.Just remember, in space, its a cold lonely death if you fail..."
,Recommended,244850,24865473,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RockstarCRO,"This game is insanely big in it's concept. Almost anything you can think of is right here in this game regarding space. Space ships? Check. Travel between planets or around planets? Check. Work in space? Check. Build space stations, ships (from attack ships to resource ships)? Check. An intricate power supply system or conveyor belts with control panels? Check. Loads of tools to work and craft with? Check. This game can be lotus for the space fans.Space Engineersgameplayis pretty decent at the moment. The movement and frame rate is smooth but some major lag can appear in certain servers if you're playing online. All essential movements are here from sprinting, jumping and crouching. Additional features include the ability to turn off inertial dampeners, a flashlight and activate a jet pack which allows the player to move freely in all three axis. The jet pack doesn't use any fuel at the moment unless you're playing in a certain mode. Either way, I like having the ability to move around and craft without worrying if I can get to the top of the structure. The player may also zoom in the camera as they please and may even play in first person mode. Smaller ships are piloted in first person mode while larger ships are only seen from 3rd person (as you will move about in larger ships). Ships are also equipped with a flash-light ability by pressing L.Building is relatively simple in game but can take a bit of time to properly master and get what you want. The basic building unit in Space Engineers is blocks. Blocks can be cosmetically small, large, rounded and edged. The player doesn't simply build blocks and then have a ship. Power supplies (that come in blocks), doors, antennas, cockpit, connectors, control panels, conveyors, windows, seats and even guns can be added. The player will need to build a power supply for any vehicle or air unit they plan to build. Engineers can also build ground units and stations using any combination of block they please. Power is transferred through blocks once they are touching so there isn't a need to become an electrician and run wire. Some useful key shortcuts are ctrl+p (to pick a color), shift+p (to set a color to selected block), ctrl+mouse1 (hold) to place multiple blocks in a straight line and ctrl+shift+mouse1(hold) to place multiple blocks on a plane.There are currently two game modes in Space Engineers : survival and creative. Survival mode requires players to collect components/materials to construct objects. Welding also takes a lot more time in this mode. If a player dies, there is a good chance (unless the material is stored), that the material on the player will be lost. To make it even more difficult, every space suit in this mode is given a certain amount of life support. The player will need to recharge or face the ultimate consequence of not breathing oxygen. Creative mode allows the player to respawn as many times as they want without losing any of their material. Moreover, this mode allows players to build as much as they want for no cost. These blocks are also created instantly and do not need to be welded or pre-made. In either mode, random enemies can attack the player. Players do not need to worry about energy/oxygen/hydrogen levels in this mode.When I mean this game is big, it's quite big. It will take some time to learn and definitely take some time to create something significant. Players can be placed in different settings such as earthly, martian, alien, moon or even asteroids to begin building their legacy. There are scenarios to choose from in which will put the player in all sorts of scenarios. Some scenarios will come with already made stations while in others you may start with extremely minimal parts. Players will want to equip their starships (or themselves) with some fire power before exploring the wilderness. Some ship weapons include gatling guns and turrets, rocket launchers, missile turrets and warheads. Hand-held weapons are slightly limited at the moment but include an automatic rifle, a grinder and a hand drill.Graphicsare pretty good at the moment but sometimes have an occasional hiccup. It's nothing game-breaking or anything but is noticeable.Overall, it's a pretty good game and the fact it's still early access and being updated is fantastic. It's a BIG game though and would recommend patience while playing. I'm very impatient myself and like simply jumping in the game and playing. This is possible but you'll catch yourself asking ""how do I do..."" a few times while looking up information on the internet. There is a good tutorial that will help the player discover how to properly master the game. There is still a lot that can be added to this game to make it better (like a sumo mode)!!! Some may find it's appeal fun for the first 5-10 hours then look the other way while others may indulge in such a space adventure. It's all up to the creativity of the player to determine their entertainment.EARLY ACCESS RATING : 7/10ScreenShots : (to come)"
76561197966549324,Not Recommended,244850,32159947,Posted: 3 June,all,Garanor,"i purchased this game some years ago, and thought to myself: ""this game got some potential, but needs a lot of work"" i checked in from time to time over the years, and now i decided to make a review. there are lots of good things about the game, but unfortunately the bad things overshadow. This game have come a relatively short way in a long time. and there is still loads of bugs and other things distrubting a good gameplay. if you want a good space building and survival game, play Empyrion - Galactic Survival instead. it is somewhat similar, and a lot better in my opinion."
76561198184743869,Recommended,244850,14853089,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,oceandayz,This has awesome building features but I do not like how hard it is to get a good sensitivity.
76561198120716938,Recommended,244850,23615827,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Rhilianis,Lets hope the stable branch really is.
76561197984771406,Recommended,244850,17889926,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,EZ,9/5/2015GOOD: Kicking down sand castles in a giant universe! Love it! This is one of the best survival/sandbox games i've played to date. It has a great creative and destructive side to it!BAD(?): Still in early release so there are of course some bugs and glitches to be found and the net-code needs optimized but i've been in SE since nearly the start and can say with some confidences the developers are hard at work with updates and smoothing out all the rough edges.
,Recommended,244850,11960288,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,JProc,"In space, everybody can hear you weld."
,Recommended,244850,9630918,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,xSpYd3Rx,This game is defiantly worth the money and has impressed me beyond expectations. Once I start playing I can't stop. It's a very addicting and fun game and great to play especially if you like space builders and sandbox games.
76561197969368162,Not Recommended,244850,24211995,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,apocrypha,"Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game. The premise is great, and the game that *could* have been made was also great. However it's become very clear that the engine chosen at the outset simply cannot achieve any of the things that Keen ever wanted for it.Every patch brings more bugs and the game simply doesn't work properly now. Multiplayer is a joke - it's impossible to keep in sync with even a single other player and the bugs simply multiply when you try. Single player is so buggy as to be unplayable. Crashes, freezes, broken items and components, performance all over the place.Check back in 2017 maybe, something could have been salvaged if Keen ever address the core issue of an unsuitable engine."
76561198038143012,Not Recommended,244850,24449988,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Viktor Ralshinkov,"This game is impossible to play unless apprently you are running some sort of setup ive never seen before, it works single player, and then you try multiplayer and you can give up on game stability right there, youll rubber band or lag completley out, over 12 of my friends and I experience the same problems with the game and its been this way for years, Great game but its totally unplayable multiplayer making it a terrible game since its focus is people building and sharing together."
,Recommended,244850,9726032,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,100chilly,I'm enjoying THE HELL OUT of this game :)I know the game is only in alpha but damn its good.Can't wait to see what's up next!9/10 stars :)
,Recommended,244850,10018473,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Jim,"Best game ever ! 10/10Relaxing, spellbinding, stunning, GREAT !Looking forward of getting loads of new features to the game !Great job developers :D"
,Not Recommended,244850,23777038,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DivideByZer0,"Let me just say, concept is AMAZING. I've spent many hours in this game. I love sandbox space games.Do not recommend because the game is broken by the developer about every 2nd patch. Developer is obsessed with adding features regardless of how they affect the games functionality, and completely miss the point when it comes to say, a useable multiplayer. So while we have many widgets with more being added every week, multi player is pretty much unplayable and about every other patch there is a new game crash due to some feature they added. This game is perpetually broken, and I doubt it will ever leave alpha.Keen: If you guys would just make a viable, finished product your reputation as game developers would be much better."
76561198195981822,Not Recommended,244850,19762614,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Roy_Haps,i really love the game but there are so many cons on it like bad fps and the most frustrating thing of then game is the multiplayer i have played it for 5 hours but after that the fps is so low that its almost inpossible to play the game
76561197997286880,Recommended,244850,14798966,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Guardian,"Great game, its like minecraft, but in a totally different environment, real life physics and Action components makes you able to build just about any real life machinery.I still remember clearly how it was when i first had built my own mining ship, and how i progressed and learned making better and better versions.And its all about pushing the limit, of how advanced, compact you can make them.You can build your designs in singleplayer creative mode.And the best part SHARE VIA STEAM WORKSHOP, anyone can use your blueprint.. or you can find and download blueprints.Really easy proccess.Then create hologram projectors, to project the blueprint you've made, then drive a welding ship around it, and voila.Go explore asteriods, and find minerals for building.Create bases with automatic doors, lever controlled blastdoors, design solar plants to power your base, to save fuel.Hijack patroling ships, or attack players.Sky is the... no wait, Space is the limit!"
,Not Recommended,244850,24512415,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Crabgrass,"Incredibly dull and buggy. My friends urged me to buy this during a sale and since then we've barely played it together. On the rare occassion that we do play together, nobody knows what to do because nothing in this game makes any sense."
76561197983818242,Recommended,244850,9826249,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,thickbeans,"First opinion:I am loving the creative aspect of this game. This sort of feels like the forfront of a voxel game development. However, I would love to see some enemy AI. Take minecraft for example. I will write a more well thought out review in a month or two.-john"
76561197972182327,Recommended,244850,9760192,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Ryan,Built a spaceship. Took 4 hours. Crashed it into an asteroid. 10/10
76561198004956848,Not Recommended,244850,23805677,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Span,"I wrote a review over a year ago recommending this game. At it's current state, I don't recommend it.It crashes regularly, has texture tearing issues, the AI is abysmal, numerous frustrating bugs, very poor resource spawning...Here's my recent experince: I try planets because it sounds cool. I spawn in a lander and spend AGES flying to find resources. Navigating on planets feels awkward. The enemies are so poorly designed that I just turn them off. Minecraft has better AI enemies than Space Engineers and yet Minecraft's enemies AI is simplistic and uninteresting. It's amazing they managed to do something WORSE than Minecraft's enemy AI.So, I decide planets need more work so I start a world in space, my old favorite. I spawn in a respawn ship and instantly die. I try again and instantly die. I try every respawn ship and instantly die and the only one that worked was the planetary lander, WHICH DOESN'T WORK IN SPACE. It has atmospheric thrusters!So, that mode was unplayable. I made a new space map, this time starting at a platform station. No problems respawning. I think this is great now. I go around getting resources and building stuff. However, every 5-10 minutes it would crash randomly. I have Windows 10, gtx970, 16GB ram, 3.5GHz processor, and no other applications running that should interfere with it. Yet I get consistent crashes at random.I put up with the crashes and keep playing, saving constantly. I realize that for no reason, my assemblers stop automatically taking resources they need to build. So I have to MANUALLY DRAG INGOTS INTO IT. This is something basic that used to work just fine.Another major pain for me was finding resources. My starting asteroid had iron, ice, Pt, Ni. So I had to search for the other resources on other asteroids. No big deal. I go around searching asteriods and I leave a GPS marker at each to keep track of the ores that I find. I had to search over TWENTY ASTEROIDS to find silver! And I only found two little patches of silicon and magnesium. It took way too long. It was a tedious and unfun experience, which used to be no problem.They've made many changes to the game that introduced instability, frustrating bugs, poorly designed AI and poor random generation. Do not buy SE until they fix these things. It used to feel like a Beta, now it feels like an Alpha."
76561198093232656,Recommended,244850,23576259,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,[UG] Cfig99,"I like this game, and I see the great potential for it, but the FPS is EXTREMELY slow. I was running on 2-3 FPS on the LOWEST graphic quality."
,Not Recommended,244850,19825918,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Kebian,"This would be an epic game if it wasn't for one problem in particular... The game has terrible performance problems.  It doesn't matter how epicly fast you think your computer is, how fast you can run your favourite fps shooter etc - You'll be lucky to pull 20fps in this game.If it wasn't for that, I'd recommend the game to anyone.  I think the devs need to spend some time concentrating on the performance issues rather than new features."
,Recommended,244850,13278175,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,No,Awsome game it just keeps being developed
,Recommended,244850,20280120,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Molotovsoda,"eh, played it once or twice"
76561198023964352,Not Recommended,244850,20384959,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,AccidentalDisassembly,"The game itself is very entertaining - or rather it would be if it weren't regularly rendered unplayable by Keen, the company responsible. They regularly break basic functions of the game with ""patches"" and render it effectively impossible to play multiplayer for long periods of time. They almost never communicate anything of substance to the community and generally seem unaware of the damage they do to their brand (and the aggravation they cause) by releasing untested, ridiculous, unwanted ""content,"" refusing to acknowledge almost all of the bugs and problems in the game, failing to do what they say with respect to the direction of the game (claiming for example that creation of new content would stop and bugfixing would become a priority), and seeming overall to be disorganized and incompetent with little desire to fix and finish their so-called ""alpha"" game (where it's been for two entire years). The game could be great were it not for Keen. Your money will not be used wisely by this company - spend it elsewhere."
76561198206556823,Not Recommended,244850,20130479,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,WaterByToaster9041,"I STRONGLY do not recommend this game. I have tried to play this game 12 times now, because it was recommended to me. Each and every time, it either crashed, or let me in. Upon being let into the game however, the whole game would crash whenever I tried to join a game or even create my own custom game. I put all my settings to the lowest quality graphics and anything like that, and this game would still not even run. When I would try to close the game, it would not let me do it, nor when I try to access Task Manager to actually close the game by force, the Task Manager would open but take 5 minutes to even open and let me override the game. Do not get me wrong, the game does have good music and seems like it would be fun from others views. However, this was a WASTE OF MY MONEY and I am thuroughly unsatisfied with spending money on this, or even my time. This is a game I have been trying to play for 2 hours and still nothing. Bottom line, DO NOT BUY."
76561198046892478,Not Recommended,244850,20383939,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,noprobbob,"Perfect start, now plummeting into a bad crash landing...The game was great. I really love it. It clicked into everything I've wanted from a sandbox. It's a great time consumer, it's a game I've always wanted to be made. Bought it ages ago for a relatively huge amnount of money, but I didn't regret it.Until since about half a year things went worse. The once smooth performance went drastically low, the game itself is plagued with bizarre glitches after every update. None of those things seem to be addressed - adding more irrelevant content took all the shiny spotlight.I don't have the best computer but it used to run satisfyingly good; now it's a 800x600 nightmare in about 30 fps... if I don't build too much. Maybe if there was some sort of a warning that I'll have to buy a 3x times more powerful PC after a certain number of patches I wouldn't be ranting.And even if I had a real gaming rig, Space Engineers would still be unplayable. Multiplayer is a distant memory; there's no real way of enjoyably playing with someone. Single player is not much better.Everything just explodes, lags, disconnects and crashes. Rotors and landing gears generate more explosive force than actual warheads in the game. Nothing works like it's supposed to. Mining anything is a suicide either literally or performance-wise. Wheeled vehicles can't go a hundred yards without making tons of collision noises, eventually falling apart and exploding or plummeting into the void under the planet surface. Explosions? Explosions! Mr. Torgue must have approved.Not to mention that actual content is dusty and lacking (What about ladders? hatches? hinges? treads? everything in the workshop?), and must be expanded through gazillion mods that put a strain on the dying performance - or just don't load.The devs weekly address those issues through their own vision of needed content: the likes of self-detonating dogs (as if eveyrthing wasn't exploding anyway), different colored ""new"" tool variants no one cares about or ""modding support"" to things that have been already modded ages ago. What's the point of forcing weekly updates and showing off unneeded things if people want a functionable game ?Sorry KEEN but unless you start making the actual game playable after all these terrible months, I'll have to tell people: don't waste your money on it like I did. And I was a real maniac, I really loved the thing. I know you're just a bunch of indie devs and you always had my sympathy for making this experience possible. I would still be building tons of stuff for the sake of enjoying it... if this game worked.Start listening to your players, they're the ones funding this ordeal. It's been long enough."
,Not Recommended,244850,20194802,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,choochoobob123,"I was originally excited about playing this game, but it was absoutely unplayable on my computer, even though i have the ""minnimum"" requirement. I was getting 2-3 fps constantly, and there was no actual gameplay I could experience."
,Recommended,244850,15639434,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Cullen,"One of my favorite ""open world"" games when really its Open SPace. I love this game. me and my friends always had a blast when playing and im so happy to see its become even better. THIS is how you make an indie came. TAKE NOTES"
76561198025075998,Not Recommended,244850,23880875,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,2FA_jj,"Sigh,A year ago this game was relatively playable and quite enjoyable. I could go on about dozens of sleepless nights playing with friends on a PvP server, building our little fleets across the stars; claiming asteroids and looting other people’s bases while they slept. Mapping out the entire map with GPS coordinates and a 3D calculator + spreadsheet was something that gave us an edge.Here we stand almost what--ten months? from when I left and the game still memory leaks and crashes to the desktop. I just don’t know how a game, when I got it, goes from a playable and very basic Alpha version to whatever SE is today that’s completely broken. And I mean it: I can’t even load a blank creative world without the game memory leaking and then crashing.So when you see my 700hrs, make a note to yourself. That’s the game from three to one year ago."
76561198059310853,Not Recommended,244850,30009508,Posted: 18 February,all,NyanCat200,"When I originally played this game with this same computer a few years ago, I could play it averagely well. There were no graphical glitches and I was absolutely fine with the low FPS, (around 20-30) because it was still playable, and I had fun, along with the multiplayer.I recently reinstalled the game to play it again with my friend, and when I teated the world we were playing on, it was horrible. There were graphical glitches everywhere, and the FPS was horrendous, at most I got ~15 FPS (I did not play with planets, and I had graphics set to the minimum, which was what I had before in early stages).While my PC is most certainly old, I can say that I could play it (at around 20 FPS) after they added planets, with no graphical glitches. That fun old game is gone, and has been replaced with something much worse, not because of gameplay, but because of horrible optimisation.If the game gets an update to help the smaller gamers like me to play this game better, then I will consider re-writing this review."
76561198119213662,Recommended,244850,14475324,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,LeadHead,eghh umm well theres alot to this game   get a team mine for resources  build a ship   build a space station    build bigger ship   forget to add side thrusters   crash a 4 man teams 3 hour masterpiece in an asteroid   cry a little pull out your repair tool start over   try not to take your sorrows out on the bottle
76561198150773004,Not Recommended,244850,26766485,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,yung chicken alfredo,"Minimum requirements: ""Core 2 Duo, 8800 GT, 8 GB of RAM""Me: ""Cool, I have a 980 Ti, a 4.8 GHz i7, and 24 GB of RAM. Should be ez 60 fps.""Space engineers: sike boi u thoughtBesides this and the broken netcode, good game. But seriously, how am I getting drops to below 30 fps on these specs? And multiplayer is basically broken, but you knew that already."
,Not Recommended,244850,32083404,Posted: 31 May,all,dut,"Great idea, but awful realization. Devs care about singleplayer mode only, but why do you want to play it in single? I dunno, it's boring. It may be very interesting to play in multiplayer, but it's almost unplayable even with 3-4 players online.The problem it is not designed to support multiplayer, so current multiplayer support is ugly and it seems it will never be better.I don't recommend it if you want to play it online. Frustration and sadness."
76561198085646412,Not Recommended,244850,20901940,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sunshaker,"Before planets the game was playable, after planets the game is barely playable (I have a decent computer and I have trouble getting 30fps on the surface of planets), that is assuming I can actually play the game for more than 5 minutes without crashing.If I'm paying money for a game I'd like to be able to play it. If I could I would revert my local game back about 01.073 because at least most things worked right then (current version is 01.119 and that should give you an idea of unplayable the game is)."
76561197972517771,Recommended,244850,21089291,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Rigs,If you want to be a space cowboy...
76561198045472955,Not Recommended,244850,20339378,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,leemcky,i really really wanted to like this game. shotty controls ruined it for me though. The user interface is way more complicated than it rightfully should be. It has alot of potential and i understand it is still in early stages. Be cautious with your expectations. The community and modding support is fantastic though.
,Not Recommended,244850,23274198,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nekowolf,"The short of it: don't buy Space Engineers. If you're honestly interested, check up on it every once in a while, read the forums and reviews, consider it if it ever reaches a far more playable state. But right now? I cannot recommend a purchase.Now for the long expository part. I've played a lot of Space Engineers, and from quite some time ago. Back then, it had its problems and was rather clunky, but it was still for the most part playable without too much complication. Yet as this game has continued to progress, and this is especially true within the last numerous months, it has regressed into something even worse than its earlier states, riddled with bugs far more compromising and unacceptable.I am no stranger to Early Access titles, owning more than a handful. While EA games certainly have their ups and downs, in its more recent versions, Space Engineers has been down after down after down.I would first have to say that planets, while they were greeted with much hype within the community, are completely uninteresting. They offer no intrinsic value by their own right, having no resources exclusive to planets while still having to deal with atmospheric navigation which is less convenient than space navigation, and not to mention that, last time I tried, which admittedly was a while ago, using your landing gear could potentially destroy your ship due to its glitchiness. Your ship could start to jitter and shake until something finally breaks on it, or at worse, blow up. Not to mention that any kind of rubber-banding could also lead to the destruction of your ship as you could suddenly find yourself crashed into the ground.Or that ship speed used to be consistent. While I can understand that due to revamps, there may be problems, what I have to consider as unacceptable is that the developers have yet to properly fix the problem, and in doing so seems to have shifted the bugginess from one area to another. Earlier, if there was a server desync or even if a player joined a game, your ship would lose considerable speed, as well as simply losing speed over time. If I may digress, this review is spurred on by my experience earlier today when I decided to kill some boredom and play Space Engineers again. While the aforementioned speed problem has seemed to be alleviated, with speed fluctuating at roughly the same m/s, instead walking has been severely crippled. I tried on multipe servers and the issue was recurring on most of them. When I got out of the cockpit after my ship moved, not even at a particularly high speed or expansive distance, walking would become significantly hindered as the game would refuse to let my character stop moving. Now, I do not mean that he continued to ""walk,"" but more as continuously jerk forwards, like trying to scoot himself forward while going through a seizure.And that is not to mention long-standing bugs and issues that have been with the game for months or even over a year. Or that, due to a myriad of bugs and patches of instability, multiplayer is more of a chore and experience in patience against frustration than a fun sandbox to play in.I cannot recommend this game in its current state, and barring an incredible transformation, likely in the near future, either. Not until there is a clear indication that these complications get ironed out, that the development of this game isn't so helter skelter and destabilizing, and that multiplayer is in a state of respectable operation. During its EA development, while it attempts to improve, it seems to be a case of one step forwards and two steps back, leading to an arguable even worse state than it was over a year ago. At best, keep an eye on it and see if it improves; otherwise, save your money and maybe wait for a different game with similar themes and genre to come along."
76561198088919573,Recommended,244850,8816564,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Space Ghost,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dis game is rad
76561198055130328,Not Recommended,244850,35086931,Posted: 20 September,all,ShadowWarrior,"It could be a very good game if you like designing stuff. You just get lots of toys ot play with some of which are armor, but others have lots of interesting functions like sensors, cameras, timers etc. There's even a block for writing your own programs. It's also nice that there's an OK physics system, so you can crash things and it's interesting. You can spend a very long time perfecting your mining and refining operations, transports, and fighting ships, which is very satisfying.The bad news is that the game is too buggy and clunky. A lot of the time while designing is wasted on trying to figure out how menus work, or finding out that you can't do something which you should be able to, so your designs can't work.  (eg for some ofjects the timer block doesn't have separate on and off option for something, only on / off, unnecessarily limiting what you can do.) Some of the simplest things like saving a design are also too clunky (esp in survival). More importantly you might start working on great designs with moving parts just to realise, all those are effectively too buggy to be useable. (rotors, pistons) Even worse, sometimes major updates cause existing designs to stop functioning by mistake (happened to me with merge blocks). This just ruins the fun.A minor issue is that there's not a lot to do with your designs. The AI is pretty bad and boring in terms of fighting so you can't make good use of some of your designs, and other than there's just mining and refining and moving from one place to another. You have  to set your own goals. This is not necessarily a big problem though as the design itself and pushing boundaries could be the goal like in KSP.Note: I have only played single player."
,Recommended,244850,14569741,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ryan123rudder,I LOVE IT!!!! But I do have some suggestions... I think you should and an abbility to make the LCD screens show a camra POV. Also add planets and oxygene...thats all' Thanks for this great game!
,Not Recommended,244850,25347700,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Silent Protagonist,"Don't be fooled by my play time, most of it is from a while ago. Since the introduction of planets the game has gone downhill. It is poorly optmised, and seems to be getting worse. The game itself is fine if you have a beefy computer, but multiplayer makes even the best computers cry; but not if you don't play with planets enabled."
76561198001964498,Not Recommended,244850,22319510,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jc_lvngstn,"The biggest problem with Space Engineers, which threatens its entire future...Keen's overall lack of progress and commitment to the game. The second issue...the bootlickers who cry ""it's Alpha"".Well, Alpha means full steam ahead for development. This is NOT the case with SE. If anything, the original team packed up long ago and the game is floundering. I would almost classify the game as abandonware. There are huge issues with the game (mostly multiplayer) which have existed for months. If they can't address these, how can they claim the game is in Alpha and moving forward? It's ridiculous.Somehow, they have reached the point where they cannot seem to move it forward without breaking things severely. Patches are something to be afraid of.The game has incredible potential, it's just struggling to find someone to take it there.We spend HOURS and DAYS trying to make things work. Lost hours and days of time working on bases, ships, etc...only to lose them due to bugs.The neat screenshots and videos you see? Most of your experience will be just trying to keep the game running."
,Not Recommended,244850,19625423,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Peeta Hussein Mallark,"DO NOT BUY. The minumum system requirements here are a total lie. They say 8800, but I can't play with a GTX 650 Ti SC. On lowest settings I can have periods of sub-30 fps gameplay, but it's unstable. Even being in EMPTY SPACE and using a power tool that produces a light effect with cause the frame-rate to noticibly drop. It is completely unoptimized from the looks of things.Also, the design of the game overall seems bad. There's lot of text on the screen at all times saying ""Press x to turn on something or other."" It just seems lazy to do things like that."
,Recommended,244850,8853750,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nitroruski,BUY IT NOW!!!
76561198091785246,Not Recommended,244850,22180712,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Fused,"This review is based on the lifetime of the game thus far.  Early Access is understandable, and things are going to break and become buggy.  Everyone that's buying EA games should know this, and it's written as disclaimers in a lot of games prior to even playing it.The Developers of this game have always operated under the idea that people want content, and more content they shall have.  I don't believe this is actually to please their fanbase, but it's more of an in house quota that they're trying to meet as a business.I am not recommending this game to anyone that's currently thinking about purchasing this game.  I am also recommending that anyone who has played this game for a relatively long time that has written a review, or is thinking about writting a review to give your true honest opinion for whether or not you recommend this game given the track record of the company.I will say the cliche thing that you read time and time again, ""I really want to recommend this game and give it a positive review, but with it's current state I feel I cannot.""  However, the current state that is being referenced is not just this weeks most recent Forced Update (the game needs PATCHES, not updates) but more so how this game has been pumped with more content than it can currently handle given the underlying bugs from previous content pushes.I will change my review at a later date if the KeenSWH developers start polishing up the current state of the game, and by polish I mean, don't add new content, don't change animations, don't give us new sounds.  Putting lipstick on a pig, still makes it a pig, and the people that understand that will not stick around and endorse your game to their friends and especially not on an Anonymous Review board.TL:DR - Don't buy it.  Don't let the 91% positive feedback rating persuade you into thinking that the developers listen to their fanbase."
,Not Recommended,244850,22321156,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,jonnysage,"Probably worth purchasing at discount rate, but limited playability until multiplayer is fixed. If you like playing alone, youll enjoy it.Update post-beta: multiplayer is better, but still not playable long term. Feezing, crashing, unstable servers, low player limits, lag. Exploding ships and parts. Unless you get it dirt cheap, wait another 6 months.Update 1 year later. Game still ♥♥♥♥ed. Stay away."
,Recommended,244850,32859802,Posted: 27 June,all,Wave,"In space no one can hear you scream, except for everyone else in the server.love this game."
,Not Recommended,244850,30655036,Posted: 21 March,all,smrdd,"Every few months when I have some free time, I fire this game up and hope multiplayer is usable to the point of maybe being fun. It never is.It might be a novel experience for about 20 hours, but then the quirks get really frustrating, and you realize most of the time you've spent playing is just working around long-standing flaws.I think I've had this gave for two years, and there are already similar games on the market that actually work. Wish I could get my money (and time) back. I've spent about 200 hours actually playing the game, the other 400 has to be from idling.Keep in mind that this game has been in 'Early Access' for over three years. This speaks for itself.Don't buy this game. You'll regret it."
,Not Recommended,244850,20296552,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Cabronius,Fix yo game ♥♥♥♥♥es cuz its buggy as hell
76561198067076318,Not Recommended,244850,30580177,Posted: 17 March,all,cateitsma,"I have had this game since just after planets came out, and I loved playing it. It always had bugs, but they were tolerable and not game breaking. As you play and develop more complex things, more bugs keep showing themselves.  The developers are good about coming out with updates every week, but somehow the game just seems to be getting more buggy. They will fix some bugs, then 3 or 4 updates later the same things break again. Sorry Keen, this is a great idea for a game and I got some great times playing it, but I cannot recommend it anymore. I sincerely hope the issues get fixed, and will try back in a couple of months."
,Recommended,244850,32888241,Posted: 27 June,all,Halcya,"So, there are a lot of survival related building games out the past few years, and to be honest, most of them are full of problems either it be grindy, buggy, or just full of a community of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. However this is not one of those games!While the learning curve on this game is quite big and takes a few hours to get the controls and mechanics but after that you can explore and build with friends or alone easily.I've started playing this game many times and found myself still playing for hours without realizing the time flying by."
76561198128072799,Recommended,244850,24882614,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,(SaS) Jaquan The Man,"It's like NMS, but with more actual content and at less than half the price."
,Not Recommended,244850,19975263,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ücxb,"Buggy. First, the black screen glitch, then when I fix that, BAM it smacks me in the face with the loading screen error. I've looked this up and its been going on for years, the devs clearly have no intent on fixing it."
,Recommended,244850,7699588,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Smcélrèâ,"Good game 10/10. Really fun! A good challenge to try is digging a nice big hole inside of an asteroid then making a base in there.recent updates fixed many performance issues, game runs at ~30FPS on an intel cherrytrail atom cpu with intel hd graphics, and multiplayer does not experience nearly as many slowdowns or lag."
,Recommended,244850,10872103,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AkaJenny,"If Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program got together and had a baby, you'd get this game. Even as an Early Access its worth the money."
76561198092314394,Recommended,244850,12305390,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,R15AMZ,one of the most entertainig and actually fun games i have ever played.
76561198080211921,Recommended,244850,10842583,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,epickilljoytank,i love it
76561197972980374,Recommended,244850,10671331,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zooxss,"Space Engineers is actually an impressive and  indepth space survival building and simulation space design concept. If you like building with creativity and making impressive Ships, Structures, Stations, Systems and work in a team this is the game for you. I find SE as the most realistic asteroid multiplayer exporation and realistic simulation I have played thus far.The game is complex and equipped with indeepth material, you will have survive and gather materials and think how to use realistic concepts such as energy, rotors, wheels, thursters, gravity generators, refinaries, assemblers, conveyors, solar panels, grinders, welders.You will have to survive asteroid showers or to capture anomaly npc ships that fly by or engage in pvp. Trust me you dont just pick up a rifle and hike in space...If you like to just pop in for 5 minutes blast around in other games and have a 15 second attention span this game is not for you.I highly reccomend to detailed and inclined gamers that use intelligence in all aspects of life not just in a game."
,Recommended,244850,8775412,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,LeRoux,Totally worth it!
,Recommended,244850,9888607,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Chloë Grace Tourettes,"The first 2 or so hours I played of Space Engineers was enough to know that I will continue to play! Prepare for your bellystick to become hard as you propell through the deep, cavinous realm of the infinite!  Do what it takes to kick some toosh as a hot as sh*t Astronaut sent in to space by Gabe Newell for a mission to find a new species of money! In survival mode, you will be tested to the ultimate by your ever decreasing health and energy! Mine asteroids and salvage abandoned ships to continue your life and mission for Gabe! This game is definitely made for playing with friends, playing by yourself would make Dead Space look like Ricochet! So if you have second thoughts on getting the game, slap yourself in the face and get ready for action! Get this game, prepare yourself and...Gabe is depending on you! :D!"
,Recommended,244850,11441087,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dawbsy™ is sad.,"I love this game!I spent quite a while hopping around servers, until I got to a server and found a nice group of people. We built a base and I proceeded to build a mobile command post that could take care of my every need. Didn't stop there as I constantly wanted something better. I ended up following a beacon on a private sail that refused to disappear after leaving the general area and continued outwards at 1,436,100+km.And now they have dedicated servers.10/10 gotta check my inertia dampeners."
,Recommended,244850,10644970,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Robert De Niro,"This is an excellent game. Even though it's in alpha, there are updates for it almost weekly. There's certainly a lot of potential here, and I'm excited to see where the devs decide to go with it."
76561197971250019,Recommended,244850,9902085,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Ankye,Smashing ships into other ships could never be better then this.
76561198054408857,Recommended,244850,9741953,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Morkhy [Микки],"On sale one day after I bought it, fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff...But yes very nice !great success !"
,Recommended,244850,9899112,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Mesarim,"I'm loving it! It has so much potential, and such greatness. I'm impressed by the damage engine, and with a few optimizations, and some additional content, this will be epic. minecraft in space. but better"
,Recommended,244850,8123422,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Gusti,"Space engineers.. Where to start. This is a very nice explorable sandbox type game, Still in alpha atm but very good for alpha.I believe that this game will soon have multiplayer so this will be like a sandbox shooter. This game is happening in space and you can make space shuttles and mineships and all sorts of things. Be creative ! :3 Anyways this game is really good i give it a 8.9 out of 10 :) Cause it's in alpha x3"
,Recommended,244850,8310380,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[=ZeroG=] DarknessFalls,This game is for all of you people that like buliding and making things. If you like Minecraft or Gmod then this is up your ally.This is only in beta at the moment but it is still a very good game and has a ton of potentional.
76561198018833212,Recommended,244850,7829206,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,EvilDutchrebel,Do you like Minecraft? and do you like Kerbal Space Program? yes? then get it now!
,Recommended,244850,11028146,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Pep,Your average experience:Make a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shipPut thruster on the backSquash down a pilot chairPress a buttonStep out of your fancy shipWatch it crash into an asteroidLaugh about how hopeless your life is becoming.
,Recommended,244850,11848631,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Krypto-Mike,"For starters, I would not purchase this game for $20; however, if it is on sale then I do recommend that you grab this game when you can.Just like any other sandbox game, Space Engineers takes a little bit of time to figure out, but there are plenty of friendly people who are willing to help you through it if you are too lazy to look up a tutorial and figure it out for yourself. A mix of Minecraft and Gary's mod, this game is simple and addicting.I joined a server and took control of another player's large ship while he was busy making repairs. I then proceeded to deny him access to the control console in the bridge and maximized all rear thrusters. Next, I plundered his cargo and deprived him of all his uranium. As the ship was on a collision course with a rather large asteroid, I ejected all the escape pods with myself in one, and I watched in delight as the other player frantically tried to regain access to the bridge as he and his ship were engulfed into oblivion.8/10"
76561198004742585,Recommended,244850,9252408,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Xiphon,"Update July 2014  While the game is still missing some key features, It's a great buy.  Of the Early Access games I've gotten it has by far the most substantial updates on a regular basis.Update March 2014 Now with Survival & Multi-Player. Well the game had multiplayer before, and it still has a long way to go on that front, it's buggy, prone to lag issues, as well as lacking some obvious multiplayer features. However the update is a big step in the right direction. There are still a lot of things that clearly don't work as intended, or are just poorly balanced, but it's easy to spend quite a few hours in this game, and have a fun time.Feb. 2014 I picked up Space Engineers because it looks interesting and was on sale, so why not.  I have to say if you are thinking about getting this, and want a playable game, you would be better to wait.  It's not so much a game as a somewhat buggy physics demo with an editor.  It's a pretty rough alpha, and not as playable as it looks in the videos.  You don't get to see the game breaking lag you will encounter in multiplayer when anything interesting happens, or all the graphics glitches.  There are much better games you can get now for $10, and come back in a year to see if this one has delivered on its potential.  I'm not saying it's bad, it's just not a game yet.This is a rather negative review, so you might ask 'why the thumbs up?'.  This one should definitely be on your watch list if you have an interest in space games."
,Recommended,244850,9689320,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Zxyc,....
,Recommended,244850,9689637,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Samokritika,i fli around in space  and things expload and it is very fun this one  time ship expload and i fli around in space and it is very fun huhuuuhuuuu~
,Recommended,244850,8986612,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Arc08,"This game is awesome. It reminds me quite a bit of minecraft, except instead of mining the ground, you mine asteroids, you are not limited just to squares, and you build working spacecraft!!!!"
,Recommended,244850,10078141,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,wfuller,Hugely addictive! I really recommend trying Survival if you haven't played Space Engineers in a while. I find myself immersed in an endlessly growing space station with so much to do. Every time I log in I come up with another 10 things I need to build. Looking forward to seeing what new content will be brought to the game soon.
,Recommended,244850,9212221,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,hot cocoa,"I don't know who you are, but i will find you, and i will make you buy this game."
,Recommended,244850,8697326,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Signum,Yes.
,Recommended,244850,9996643,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Mampara,damn.
,Recommended,244850,9637815,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Eifer,"While we keep in mind that it is very much still an Alpha game, Space Engineers is a quite detailed and sophisticated game, and to a point very challenging.If you think you can just put down a landing gear, a few blocks, and generator and a engine and call that a spacecraft, you are wrong. Without counter thrusters, gyroscopes and either too much or too little mass, you wont be able to do much with your ship.I like this game. Def got my upvote."
76561197990037439,Recommended,244850,7491884,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,TheDude1972,"Minecraft in Space... Need i say more!?OK, OK, No ""Space"" Creepers... yet..."
76561198073348231,Recommended,244850,12921821,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Josh,This is the best sandbox game i ever have played i would recoment this game to anyone who likes space and cubes :P.Best money spent :D
,Recommended,244850,8057010,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Odin,This game is freakin awesome! Hopefully a multiplayer/LAN option will be added soon... :D
,Recommended,244850,12425802,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kipper™,"10/10 kipper scoreThe game is what you would get if someone over the age of 12 makes a building game in space. Basically   its not Minecraft(not that I don’t like Minecraft, just lacks someone on the dev team who is over 12) it’s a space building sim game. Great fun and the is lots more too come.I own loads of early access games, alpha, per alpha games the lot. But space engineers smashes its way to the top for me. Because it updates all the time with new stuff and useful stuff. Not like DayZ Standalone where it might add a new type of soft drink or even a new zombie skin.. it puts thing in it that you want like blue prints, remote controls for your ships. Not silly things."
76561198059694502,Recommended,244850,9821675,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Midnightm3nace,This game.....just awesome. Multiplayer is a bit laggy but otherwise is awesome.
,Recommended,244850,11207755,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,TGND,"Let me first say that regardless of my small playtime in this game, I've still been keeping tabs on the development and workings of it.Quite honestly, this game is the model by which all other early access indie games should abide by.Most early access games will put out a game and do a billion bug fixes in their update and/or attempt to release some new content that just leads to loads more bugs to fix, and they all rely on the excuse ""Oh, but it's early access."" These guys are not the same. Although things do have their bugs (as does all code), the developers of this game always tend to pump out new things that add another nice element to the game in addition to fixing the bugs that may have existed from older builds.What's even better about it is that bugs are far less common in this game than in other early access games! It's great to see quality work in such a small span of time (every 7 days or so). This shows me that there are still some indie devs out there that don't take complete advantage of the ""Well, it's an alpha"" excuse, which is such a rarity amongst the top indie game devs (no offense to them, I'm only speaking my honest opinion). Due to this, I can confidently say that even though this game is amongst the top selling steam games, I truly think it deserves more attention and credit that it already has. Why? I've just explained it all to you, but allow me to list it:1.) Consistent weekly updates2.) Clean work-even though their updates are weekly, they're not sloppy or just tossed in to satisfy the consumer3.) When bugs do arise, they fix them in a timely manner4.) This game has immense potential to be an amazing sandbox experience, and is already pretty awesome as isNow everyone who reads this might say ""Oh, stop kissing the devs asses so much!"" To that, all I have to say is, ""Why?"" This game deserves every bit of praise I gave it. People may try to bring up this bug and that bug, but in the end, this is an early access game done right. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no ""It's alpha, so it's okay if there's loads of bugs, many of which may break the game"", no waiting horribly long for updates, nothing but quality work. If the devs of this game can do this, I don't see why other indie devs cannot, especially when this game isn't even recieving as much attention as some others.Those working on this game put in truly hard work, no matter who you compare them to. If that's not worth the 20 bucks, then I don't know what is. A sincere ""thank you"" to the devs for keeping my hopes in quality indie game devloping alive.*Disclaimer*Don't get me wrong, there are some other good indie developers out there, just not many, and this is just the team that got my attention."
,Recommended,244850,9651054,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Morky,"Great Game.If you love physics and space, you probably gonna love this game, and if you don't live physics and space, you'll still gonna love this game.The graphics are great, the control of the player is good.You can build a space station, and a Cargo SPACESHIP with turrets and bedroom. The option that the game offers you are Infinite: Build a base with your freinds, race with spaceships, make war, make peace, live on an asteroid alone, or build a huge fancy home. Trade with freinds. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome and I'm highly recommend you to play it."
,Recommended,244850,10236533,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Stonewall Boner,"Never in my life, did i think i would be in space. As a space engineer. Building space stations and space shuttles, flying around space with my space jetpack, making things with my space torch. Spaceships flying past me, mining space rocks, looking for space aliens and doing space fights. But most importantly, living my space life with my space friends to accompany me on my space journey throughout space."
76561197969455182,Recommended,244850,12192698,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,RelicSage,Very dynamic game and would recommend any lego enthusiest to purchase and start playing. There is a great community here and we would love to you!
,Recommended,244850,8608599,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Raire,"If you can think it up, you can build it. Basicly Minecraft in space on steriods."
,Recommended,244850,9505593,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Khan Zhao,"It's one of my favourite games. So much feature, rich content with tons of possibilities. If you ever played minecraft, you can give this one a try aswell. You can shortly check the workshop of the game to see some of the possibilties. It's relaxing but sounds are premature right now so don't forget to put some music at the background. I totally recommend the game !Türkçe: Bu oyun benim favorilerimden birisi. Yapabileceğiniz, inşa edebileceğiniz sayısız şey var. Eğer ki Minecraft oynadıysanız, blok tarzı inşa oyunlarına aşinaysanız bunu da bir denemenizde fayda var. Workshop'a bir göz atarsanız içeriği biraz görebilirsiniz. Dinlendirici bir oyun fakat müzik bakımından kıt ve arka fon sesleri sinir bozucu olabiliyor. O yüzden iyi birde müzik seçin. Kesinlikle öneririm !"
,Recommended,244850,11674054,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Mitchell,"Extremely fun space game!As far as I know it's the only game based in space with real physics, this is an excellent game and can be ran on medium spec computers without any issues. Considering this is an early access game it has a very little amount of bugs and it's rare they'll happen. The game feels like it's influenced somewhat from Minecraft however it's still got a good level of detail.The game is extremely fun and realistic but not too realistic on survival but creative is great for learning what everything does.It's kinda a spacey sandbox game, you can build whatever you want out of blocks and ship parts and fly your ship around to do whatever you want however it'd be nice if you could do more in this game ( I understand that it's early access and this game is updated all the time.)It's definitely worth buying this game at this state and it's more than worth the money, if only my friends could run it with their terrible computers I'd be playing it more.This game is great for killing time and if I could get friends to play it'd be even more fun for longer, this game has real potential it just needs time.10/10 This game is awesome the way it combines realistic physics with building blocks is fun in a way."
76561197999179494,Recommended,244850,11569115,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Chipmonkey,"When it comes to survival games, Space Engineers is very well done. I've spent more time than I like to admit on this game due to the fact that it allows for a challenging, but rewarding experience. As a space engineer, you are unable to perform too many tasks on your own, as your inventory is severely limited and welding/grinding/mining speeds are too slow for massive builds. While that may sound as a bad thing, it is quite the opposite! It forces you to build ships/contraptions to perform the tasks for you, which is an aspect of the game that I really enjoy. If you think you're mining too slow, build a bigger/more efficient ship! If it's taking hours to weld your base, create a ship that can hold more building components and weld faster.Overall, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,244850,14250723,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sphing,This is such a great game!! even in early access it is well polished! a few bugs here and there but the often updates will keep up the fixes and excitment!! i play every day and just cant get enough!!! This game is a deffinet get!
,Recommended,244850,9583772,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Merb,"HEY! get this game! it really is amazing in that you can have a feeling of trying to survive is space and have the risk of your ship crumbling around you if your not too careful in flying around asteroids. Then you also have to worry about other players shooting up your ship you built.. oh ya, you can BUILD a ship part by part! Scavenge ships for parts, and mine asteroids! Its just so Dang cool that I may just start playing now ;)Also the developers are great and have updates regularly, its so exciting seeing these new features coming in. Hope to see you out there in the world of Space Engineers!"
,Recommended,244850,13406146,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Rick C-137,"A fantasic creative sandbox in space, updated weekly and the ability to build space ships how ever big, small, useless or purpose build you want them. Fully customisable bases, you want it you are more than likly able to build it, landing pads, ship docks bay doors everything but the kitchen sink defo a 10/10 from me and 9/10 bricks would play again ^_^"
76561198127445532,Recommended,244850,10668708,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TerraDestruction,This is an awesome game
,Recommended,244850,10696999,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kambuja,"Awesome game. it needs to have some sort of NPC space craft. something like ""Smuggler"" which would scavenge wrecked ships or ""Pirate"" which would try to hunt down the player. But be warned; workshop ships dont always work. i had to crash a ship into the mothership in order to get to the cockpit. 9/10 would crash again."
76561198033183249,Recommended,244850,9746719,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,A Filthy Casual,"Awesome game, but not to be played with idiots... as they will reck your stuff =("
,Recommended,244850,12429850,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,BadSniper,"I crashed into an asteroid so hard the game itself crashed.If you're a fan of sandbox / design-building and survival games, I highly recommend this game. Very promising and updates often. I can't wait to see what becomes of it!Edit: Also, I have just learned these guys are working on a medieval version of this game. Keep an eye out for that!"
,Recommended,244850,13429089,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zombie,"A few glitches, but it's in alpha. I hate games getting released in alpha, makes me think they are lazy. Anyways this game as a lot of potential, it's really fun. Play with a friend. If you liked minecraft and you love space this is a game for you. If you don't enjoy taking your time and building things it's not for you.8/10"
,Recommended,244850,9943876,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,sc00t,♥♥♥♥ing sick
76561198089694284,Recommended,244850,12401600,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Le Chef,lelz.exe up in dis ♥♥♥♥♥ ftw 360 ship crashing all day smoke me some fighter ship xDDDDD
76561197961195984,Recommended,244850,9672434,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Zizaran,"Actually hilariously entertaining, can't wait to set up a persistant survival server with some friends!"
,Recommended,244850,9600506,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Dedmon,"I have to say I was not to impressed at first, but now I can say that this game has a awesome future. I love how you can build and create massive or small ships for one purpose or many purposes, for what the game is it can be taxing on a good PC but with a few tweeks you can play with no problems. I cant wait to see what the gamme is in a years but I hope its more then imagined."
,Recommended,244850,9741654,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,nesquik nibba,Can't build♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,244850,10208218,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Remi,"This is a really cool game, and i cant wait to see what it can bring in the future! Its always under development and im super excited to see what this game can bring! :)"
,Recommended,244850,10804653,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Immortan Joe,"Like minecraft with spaceships, guns, and HD graphics"
,Recommended,244850,11737079,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,GTM-1_,Very nice game. I like the frequent updates. The game gets better every time. I honestly don't have any problems with this game and highly recommend it. Signed GTM (^._.^).
76561198012829955,Recommended,244850,7478266,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Linx,FUN AS GAME
,Recommended,244850,10926062,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[BOREDOM],"Built a large space ship, put too many generators in, attached too many rocket launchers, the amount of power accustomed to the rocket made me fire the rockets so fast my ship flew backwards into an asteroid killing me and my ship. Also my game crashed short;y after because it had to render the explosion particles. 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,11606536,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Zerayy,You can be an engineer... in space.... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244850,12448021,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,xo8,today I forgot to eat cause I was gathering silver10/10
,Recommended,244850,8964790,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Hugo Stiglitz,You fly around in space. Forever. No joke. No but buy this game.
,Recommended,244850,9586093,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Zadeon,"You crash things into each other, in space.10/10 buy this game"
,Recommended,244850,12088010,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Fenga-Papit,immense gameplaychallenging survival modeits the only game with true sandbox style gameplay set in space
,Recommended,244850,9000731,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Knarenis,Great game with great promise.
,Recommended,244850,11218721,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,voidd,"Pro's:- Make any kind of shuttle, or object- Multiple updates- FunThis game, its just so sandbox. Its so fun, just play with friends or strangers... role play.... creative mode, survival mode, anything you would expect with a 2520 space game."
,Recommended,244850,11069918,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Killington,"[Engineering Log Excerpt - Lone Survivor]Hijacked a military ship today. Took days to develop the strategy as the ship's weapon system easily outclasses anything I have, so creativity was key. Ambushed it directly from the front, destroyed two of its forward turrets before ejecting from my own ship and landing directly on the front of their ship. Cut a hole by hand to reach the interior. After that it was as easy as avoiding all the interior turrets until I found the bridge, where I deactivated all weapons. No humans on board.I changed course to reach my base, and a shuddering boom ran through the ship. I thought it was a thruster hiccupping, however later found a massive hole in the center of the ship originating from the cargo bay. The owners had it mined in case of a hijacking. Clever."
76561198087024883,Recommended,244850,9680489,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,N-}-Mecha,This Game is worth the twenty dollars that I payed. It has amazing creativity and doesant get boring.I would recomend this to all my friends.
,Recommended,244850,25449218,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Revo1ution,A great space sandbox game that I do recommend with some caution. The multiplayer is somewhat broken at the moment. So if you are looking to play multiplayer you might want to wait until the game is out of early access. If you get this just for the singleplayer it's fine. This game is perfect if you like to be creative. The survival mode is a nice touch too.
,Recommended,244850,10680471,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Axparades,This is pretty awesome for sci-fi fans. Even it is in the early access still very enjoyoble and it is getting very much better with the upgrades. If you have some good friends that you can play with I suggest you to buy this game.
,Recommended,244850,12362819,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Razzman,"""Im lost guys, where do I find you.""-By the Asteroids-""Which ones? I see a ton of them""-By the ones that are real-""But they all look real from here""*And this was the last time the station heard from the newbie*"
,Recommended,244850,9656947,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Bed.,"Best 20$ I've spent in years, game is so addicting I can't stop playing. On a down note, don't play if you get motion sick easily."
76561198024586802,Recommended,244850,9783326,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,MrEpicz™,"Awesome! I'd recommend this to anyway who likes sci-fi sand box games, the possibilities are endless with your ships, you express your creation with friends, build a hangar a grappling hook, or even a arena to fight to the death! :DYou should really get this game! 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,7471925,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Bojangles The Bear,For the content alone in a alpha stage it's already well worth $15. If you like blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with huge ships I would say a must buy.
76561198012501013,Recommended,244850,11992204,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Wr3ck4ge,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever played thanks to how much the Dev's interact and listen to their customers. the weekly updates always add more to the fun and if something breaks it is usally quickly resolved. if you like minecraft or similar titles, this is a must play."
,Recommended,244850,11742239,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ASSHOLE,"Beautiful game.It plays like minecraft but is infinitely times more complex and difficult. Blocks behave differently in terms of placing, destructing, destroying, building. The fact you are only limited to mere blocks means your creations can become massive.You can build scale models of your favorite space ships, you can build complex machinery, you can even build a space washing machine. Your imagination is your limit in this game.Don't like how you built that one ship? Take a few moments to think about how it can be improved. Take a look at the workshop and get some design ideas from the community. Most likely you will find some way to improve your design.Currently in love with this game. And it's only going to get better. 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,7508634,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Arkavell,"Great game, can't wait for multiplayer!"
76561198043631036,Recommended,244850,9176265,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Crayas,"Even though this game is still in alpha at the time of this review and there is much more to be done, this game is amazing. You can compare the block styles to be similar to minecraft, only without the ugly undetailed textures. Features like being able to build anything you want and piloting it, and to destroy it with full destruction, you can either leave a ship/station full of holes or split them apart anyway you like. The potential for this game is huge and it will be extremely fun to build custom fleets to play with your friends.Once the game is finished and the developers fix the current issues. It will be a very likely 10/10 game. But I personally recommend it if you love zero gravity, building and destroying things."
,Recommended,244850,10911349,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tr4nzNRG,Buy it if you like minecraft or terraria type of sandbox games. But this time it's space!So far they are releasing updates (good ones) every 1 or 2 weeks.Game is well worth around 10-15 euro/dollars! If those update keep coming 20 seems reasonable.
,Recommended,244850,12375908,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Kenneth.,Brillent game! highly recommend it!!
76561198016365855,Recommended,244850,13670309,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MekoVan,"I love this game, it's a great building outlet for me. The mining, grinding, and welding is fun.It is amazing in Survival, when you spawn in with the basic yellow starter ship. Grind it down to start a base. Move the main components over to the base. Mine for ore and refine those into ingots to assemble in to building parts. First thing to do is build a small mining ship. Find Uranium and you are good to go.The modding community has made it even better. Check out the Workshop.Creative is great and Survival is great.(side note)If you play on a server, for the love of Meko, useTeamSpeakor other voice comms software, not the text chat. Once they implement the in-game communication system, it will be even better. I can see them making the comms clearer the closer your antenna is to others."
,Recommended,244850,8384968,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ryan722,"This game is amazing. While it's still not perfect, and a lot of things don't work, the physics and destcruction elements are phenominal, and I've spent upward of 5 hours just messing around and building. Definitely worth the money"
,Recommended,244850,10843394,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Landy,"Starbound is Terraria in Space, this game is Minecraft in space.I'd actually reccomend it, it's great!"
,Recommended,244850,9838632,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ᴇʀɪᴄᴀ ʜᴀʀʙᴏʀ,"I love this game, and it has so much poitential! Can't wait to see what the devs have for us next!"
,Recommended,244850,10083492,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Turbs,"Amazing game, with incredible potential! Defiantly worth the £15.When it progresses more and we start getting some serious multiplayer, this game is going to hit off like a bomb.Want a server for when multiplayer goes serious?Check this out:www.hostaspace.com"
,Recommended,244850,9187402,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,nyn,"Great game so far! Written on the Feb 19th, 2014.I can see the potential of the game coming.Pros:-Spaceship/space station building and destruction!-Vast space (diameter of around 800km).-Good visuals.-MultiplayerCons:-Needs some optimization.-Lacks of a few items.-Controls will need to be revised.-Physics collisions needs to be reviewed.-Limited speed to ~104 m/s for a spacecraft.-Lacks of quite a few more options items."
,Recommended,244850,9988640,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,StarHawk,"Great game! A very enjoyable space, sandbox, game!Controls: 7/10 They take some getting used to.Graphics: 9/10 Very GoodSingleplayer: 8/10 Needs enemiesMultiplayer: 8/10 Great from my experince, I'll ask that a profanity filter is added though.Notes: This is a great game! If you love crashing, repairing, battling, building, surving, mining, and flying, this is the game for you. I highly recommend it. Look for this one to get some deserved compliments"
,Recommended,244850,11739289,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ItsDeAndré,I recommend this game to all who are fans of Space or just building like Minecraft.Although it can be buggy at times it is more rewarding after you've fixed them. I am having problems getting the Mods on servers to work and I hope it will be fixed.
,Not Recommended,244850,24086115,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Felonious Bolus,"I use to absolutly love this game but now there are so many bugs all my save games that i make and put time and effort towards just end up getting corrupted , i don't recomend this game to nobody since you cannot proggress , you just loose all the stuff in your worlds and have to start over."
,Recommended,244850,11629642,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Capybaron,"This is one of those games that you mess around and blow some things up and build a simple little contraption to amuse yourself with and then go online and see that someone's built built a 16-bit computer and a working 3D printer.It's easy to mess around with, but there is a great level of complexity to it once you decide to start looking. Because of this, Space Engineers is not a game that gets old quickly."
76561198114621150,Recommended,244850,13895949,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,HazretiKöfte,This game very creative . Too many fonctions but bored for single . You must have a friend for play this game .
,Recommended,244850,8817469,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,anyme waz a mystejk,this game is awesome
76561198011156902,Not Recommended,244850,25478882,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,HL65536,"Great potential wasted:tldr: nice ship building, but as soon as you have 5 there is huge lag; lots of bugspositive:-space survival with resources, build your own ships, moderate level of realism-mod support-turing complete through programmable block-graphics look very nicenegative:-bugs, bugs, more bugs (like thrusters randomly stop working, drills that are full make resources disappear when you continue drilling, rotors and pistons unusable because they start glichy movements that ultimately make everything explode, ...)-very bad graphics engine, eats resources as ♥♥♥♥, seems to be programmed by a unexperienced person as there are many flaws in it that experienced people would have never put in it: graphics engine is bound to physics (no interpolation) -> max 60fps, still feels jittery ->not even smoothly playable on a high end pc-very bad physics engine, again not well engineered, eats resources, is laggy, has lots of flaws that cause ship damage for seemingly no reason, no relative calculations -> gets worse the higher the speed-ship speed limit 100m/s ?????? This is SPACE there is no speed limit (except speed of light), if you mod the speed limit higher everything gets even buggier-small and large ships: every block should be able to be placed small and large on every grid, but again the programmers dont seem to have a high enough experience level to do this-planets: nice idea but eats even more resources, is even buggier etc.-weapons feel like placeholders; you can shoot yourself with your own missile because bugs-wants to be realistic on the one side and on the other side has some very unrealistic features such as your space suit braking a LOT faster than it accelerates, the jump drive that was only introduced because they couldnt fix physics for a higher speed limit, asteroids dont have gravity and all move 0 relative to all other asteroids and planets, static friction with the vacuum at very low speeds or 0 speed, ...edit after big multiplayer and graphics update (Dec 2016):graphics now look very nice, but need even more resouces. Its still buggy as hell (except multiplayer bugs, they were reduced by about 80%)(If I find an issue fixed, i will remove it from the list as soon as i notice)"
76561198057297591,Recommended,244850,28262289,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Deathlok-L17,"i have almost 800 hrs in this game, for first few months this game was extremly addictive for me, until the bugs just got worse and worse to where most my ships or mechs were broken, so i'd have to wait several weeks hoping the weekly update would fix them, to wait for 1 bug to get fixed and 10 more pop up. The community is great and very helpful, large modding workshop as well but i prefer to build in vanilla as it is more creative in IMO. Multiplayer is garbage in this game, there are servers out there that do work ok but your lucky if your stuff is there next time you join :( impossible to play MP if your ship has rotors, most the time it breaks apart as soon as you load blueprint into world or if your not host you cant even see you ship half the time. The idea of the game is epic but Keen has there head up there♥♥♥♥♥bring us features nobody needs like sun flares and cut scene editors, like fix♥♥♥♥♥♥first before you do all the lame features we dont need. i will come back to game when it is more stable if that ever happens, for the price the game is worth it but dont expect a bug free time, some can live with the bugs, some cant like me."
76561198110487315,Recommended,244850,10626880,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PlatinumFist,"This game has most of the features I've been waiting to see in a single game for along time now. If you ask anyone else, They will compare this game to Minecraft. And for good reasons. However, this game (even in its early access alpha) has far greater potential. Anything you build, can fly. (provided the design includes necessary blocks) even your base. In its current state, the game is playable. Play some Single player Asteroids then when you're good, Jump into some online games.I can only think of a few downsides to new comers.1-Learning curve. This game takes sometime to get use to. I recommend practicing your controls.2-As of the time that I am writing this, The game has some poor optimization. Don't let that deture you. The game is worth it. and will improve over time.3-This game can be one hell of a time sink.Other then those few problems and others that aren't worth mentioning. Updates and patchs are weekly (Thursday mornings) players look to patch days like early Christmas."
,Recommended,244850,12236030,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,V8,ITS VERY GOOD. EVERYWEEK UPDATES KEEP GAME FRESH AND INTERESTING. 10/10 MUST HAVE IF YOU EVER PLAYED SANDBOX GAMES
,Recommended,244850,14089215,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CaptainCookie,"This game is great especially since they added planets, And in DirectX 11 the game looks STUNNING, And i found a very good solution for people with low end computers,All you have to do is press F12 then go to render then tick light setting then turn of sun and sun shadows. This will give u an extra 50 fps if you are luckyI Really Really Reccomend This Game To Anyone. You can really do alot of stuff espeially when using mods.Any Questions Just Comment!"
76561198045675514,Not Recommended,244850,25093164,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Spack Jarrow,"I've been playing this game since the start of early access , however I no longer can play this game, the screen tearing is just unbelieveable and so is the stuttering.Wait until issues are resolved."
,Recommended,244850,10365069,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,dream me home,"despite the usual early-access skepticism, i couldn't say no to a game with spaceships and deformation physics. the game is still very early in development but the devs provide regular weekly updates that so far have not failed a single time to provide amazing new features that deepen gameplay considerably. the game is shaping up to be an absolute gem whether you're interested in building or spaceman deathmatch or roleplaying; all of those things are possible in this game.absolutely brilliant investment and if it keeps up at its current pace, it will end up being a fantastic little ball of fun and useful features."
,Recommended,244850,9487808,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,mallard,yes
,Recommended,244850,10960427,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Capt Wrath,Better looking minecraft in space. 10/10
,Recommended,244850,12335056,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Dream,"This is easily one of the bext examples of a early-access game done right. Content is regular, fast-paced, community inspired, responsive, well made, well presented, shockingly stable for such a rough and quickly building game, and the core premise is itself excellent. Mod support is already enacted, and the community isn't half bad and is very energetic.I speak no hyperbole when I say this is easily the best space sim sandbox I have played, and I cannot imagine a contender with even close to the same level of freedom.If you catch it on sale, it's a must-grab. For $20, anyone with even a passing interest in building-type games will want it, and anyone who has ever wanted to be a space man will love it."
76561197993371565,Recommended,244850,14663541,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Gladiator,"A bit of a learning curve to start, but as far as crafting games go, this is a really great game.  The Survival sandbox is pretty neat, and I think it would be very fun to play in an open multiplayer server!"
,Recommended,244850,11622161,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ConfusedWitness,"""This game is absolutely AMAZING!"" .... Is something I would like to be able to say if the game actually ♥♥♥♥ING WORKS FOR ME."
76561197970564000,Recommended,244850,25346704,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Blodbad_88,"Top game, 1402HoursPlayed/10"
76561197965344312,Recommended,244850,13901806,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,DoctorDiscord,"My new addiction. Love this game. If you like legos, outerspace, and guns, this game is for you. Can't wait to see the finished product! Watch toutorial videos before you start playing. Keep up the great work Keen! You guys rock!"
,Not Recommended,244850,32450710,Posted: 15 June,all,bone broth,"jank: the game. far too buggy and janky to be good, if it was a quality game it would be great though."
,Recommended,244850,13456732,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BorschtBoy89,"This is like Minecraft evolved, in space. The basics are the same: Mine, refine, build, repeat, but with the complexity cranked up  (Along with the upper limit of creativity) to 11. In other words, the new ""Adult"" Minecraft.With that said, some things are far too clumsy in Early access, there is less directed ""game"" than MC (No bosses to find and slay), and starting out is extremely rough, but I can see this going to amazing places. Also, the controls are atrocious but can be rebound in less than 2 mins easily enough. (Also it supports extra mouse buttons!!!)I hope there is a game roadmap somewhere, or will be soon. My only concern is what kind of polish and additional features the devs plan but even what's there now in EA is worth the price."
,Not Recommended,244850,25683265,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MEMER,While this game is extremely buggy and lacking content to make the game fun or immersive it does deliver some simple fun like building a good ship once in a while or going into creative and blowing up a ship from the workshop with bombs. This game has potential but as of now its a bit broken.
,Recommended,244850,12972368,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,[Va11] [Ha11a],"It's a good game all up untill you use the jetpack , if you were to give a monkey a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and a thruster he would make the jetpack in this game ."
,Recommended,244850,9624460,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,grind,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS DIFFICULT! If you don't like extremely long drawn out creations or you just don't like a lot of complexity in a game then this is not for you! But I personally like this game. This game's physics are unparalled to any other I've played. The multiplayer is great and fun and works pretty ok for me. This game's core is the fact of building and creating (or crashing♥♥♥♥♥♥too). If you liked to build big or small creations then this game is for you! If you liked minecraft (espically the creative mode aspect of it the this is the game for you! This is basically minecraft in space, with no gravity, way better physics, rocket ships, and much more. This game is v ery unique from others that I've played and the short time I've played it.. I love it. If the controllers were easier, and the game was easier to ""pick up"" then I'd enjoy it a lot more, but I still yet have time to get better at it."
76561198061946957,Recommended,244850,13232638,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,-----------------,"Space exploration is the ongoing discovery and exploration of celestial structures in outer space by means of continuously evolving and growing space technology. While the study of space is carried out mainly by astronomers with telescopes, the physical exploration of space is conducted both by unmanned robotic probes and human spaceflight.While the observation of objects in space, known as astronomy, predates reliable recorded history, it was the development of large and relatively efficient rockets during the early 20th century that allowed physical space exploration to become a reality. Common rationales for exploring space include advancing scientific research, uniting different nations, ensuring the future survival of humanity and developing military and strategic advantages against other countries.Space exploration has often been used as a proxy competition for geopolitical rivalries such as the Cold War. The early era of space exploration was driven by a ""Space Race"" between the Soviet Union and the United States, the launch of the first man-made object to orbit the Earth, the USSR's Sputnik 1, on 4 October 1957, and the first Moon landing by the American Apollo 11 craft on 20 July 1969 are often taken as landmarks for this initial period. The Soviet space program achieved many of the first milestones, including the first living being in orbit in 1957, the first human spaceflight (Yuri Gagarin aboard Vostok 1) in 1961, the first spacewalk (by Aleksei Leonov) on 18 March 1965, the first automatic landing on another celestial body in 1966, and the launch of the first space station (Salyut 1) in 1971.After the first 20 years of exploration, focus shifted from one-off flights to renewable hardware, such as the Space Shuttle program, and from competition to cooperation as with the International Space Station (ISS).With the substantial completion of the ISS[1] following STS-133 in March 2011, plans for space exploration by the USA remain in flux. Constellation, a Bush Administration program for a return to the Moon by 2020[2] was judged inadequately funded and unrealistic by an expert review panel reporting in 2009.[3] The Obama Administration proposed a revision of Constellation in 2010 to focus on the development of the capability for crewed missions beyond low earth orbit (LEO), envisioning extending the operation of the ISS beyond 2020, transferring the development of launch vehicles for human crews from NASA to the private sector, and developing technology to enable missions to beyond LEO, such as Earth/Moon L1, the Moon, Earth/Sun L2, near-earth asteroids, and Phobos or Mars orbit.[4] As of March 2011, the US Senate and House of Representatives are still working towards a compromise NASA funding bill, which will probably terminate Constellation and fund development of a heavy lift launch vehicle (HLLV).[5]In the 2000s, the People's Republic of China initiated a successful manned spaceflight program, while the European Union, Japan, and India have also planned future manned space missions. China, Russia, Japan, and India have advocated manned missions to the Moon during the 21st century, while the European Union has advocated manned missions to both the Moon and Mars during the 21st century.From the 1990s onwards, private interests began promoting space tourism and then private space exploration of the Moon (see Google Lunar X Prize)."
,Recommended,244850,13169428,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,spongy551,"If you like any of these things, GET THIS GAME.Space,Making ships,Blowing stuff up,Making ships in space,Making a space station,Guns,Rockets,Modding support,More things blowing up,Crashing Ships into other ships/aestroids,creative,survival,Minecraft,mining, and lots of other stuff.Rating:10/10"
,Recommended,244850,13382898,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,JustSharkbait,Amazing game and a lot of fun.
76561198074043423,Recommended,244850,12996657,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,JamesWildDev,"It's somewhere between Kerbal Space Program and Minecraft, but with a lot more features and better physics, with multiplayer.  Some minor bugs but I'd say more stable than either.  Hugely recommend."
,Recommended,244850,13058651,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FlintEXP,"This game makes Minecraft look bad. It has everything that Minecraft has and does but better in every way possible. You can do so much more with building structures and useable ships that there really is no limit to your imagination. Once more comedic items are added to the game, you can really go all out building your station, ship or whatever suits your needs.If they go as fair as to add environmental settings in the game where you can cause decompression damage to your opponents and other cool things this game will easily go under “Jaw dropping awesome”I hope that latter builds will allow for the entire asteroid belt to be useable for harvesting, base building and exploring.Pros:*The graphics are very pleasing.*Fantastic Multi-Monitory support. I did not have to do anything modification, the game came compatible and auto detected perfectly, no lag or sync issues.*“Using 3, 24in Acer Monitors, Resolution “5760 x 1080”*Image of In game play with this resoultion:Space Engineers 5760x1080 Screenshot*Audio and Music very pleasing*I love the “Realism” settings, makes the game harder and makes you appreciate everything you build more.*Very customizable with coloring your ships, stations and astronaut.Cons:11/23/14*For some odd reason they brock up the interaction key into two different keys T and K. T lets you open doors and get into cockpits but you cannot interact with the computers, refineries or other things unless you use K. Why they have chosen this setup makes no sense, the interaction key T should be all you need to open or using anything. Just seems so needless and I have spent plenty of time hitting the wrong key to use something. By default in all other games every made you interaction key would work on every intractable item in the game. Please Fix"
,Recommended,244850,9057075,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Prof. Astrial Kronos,I played it a little. It's fine.
,Recommended,244850,11592276,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,wolfmanwolf,I would give it 2 kisses and three wet mouths
,Not Recommended,244850,24067942,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BioFan90,"Extremely fun to play, would be more fun if it wasnt so damn glitchy all the time. A solid 6/10. WOULD be nine if it didnt glitch and lag so damn hard. I do not reccommend until it gets fixed. Needs numerous bug fixes and optimizations that it severely lacks."
,Recommended,244850,12946535,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Vetteran,"I love it. needs a good computer to run,but if you have that, this game is very fun. need more freinds to play it..."
,Recommended,244850,10940297,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bruce LeedleLeedleLeedleLee,It's okay.
,Recommended,244850,14544703,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ricardo3008,"This will be a simple review of the game what it has to offer at the moment (19 februari 2015)pros:+weekly updates+infinite worlds+ingame modding support+destruction+physics+destroyable asteroids+survival, creative, multiplayer+easy modding in multiplayercons:-The singleplayer is fun but there is no real point like minecraft.-The multiplayer is really laggy and the loading times are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in can take up to 8 minutes to join a server and your character movement is delayed and some other minor problems.So do I recommend this game?Hell yes. It is an awesome game and the developers listen to the community like they are your parents. They deserve all the support they can get and i feel like the SE community needs to grow. So if you like destruction, physics, building and all that good stuff: BUY IT. If you don't like space and rather go with land: Buy Medieval engineers! It is coming out in an hour (at the time I post this) and if you have space engineers you will get a 25% discount, which means the game will only cost 14,99 euros."
76561198274588121,Not Recommended,244850,30739674,Posted: 25 March,all,KingRedfox,"Grindfest. The only objective is to build a ship and that will take you a long time. Nearly impossible to find any other players. If you die you lose everything. Wish there was more to it because it has potential. Oh by the way you will kill yourself very easily if you bump in to something, so you will just find yourself at the respawn screen again."
,Recommended,244850,16966339,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Neddy,I woke up on a deserted mining platform and started throwing something vaguely resembling a vehicle together with nothing more than a few power tools and some metal I had for some reason. I got inside and immediately crashed it into a huge♥♥♥♥♥rock.Then I went home and bought this game10/10
,Not Recommended,244850,32422491,Posted: 14 June,all,Mal Hahvulon,"This game has huge potential if the development speeds up and updates begin to roll out quicker. The game is unoptimized and the content is hidden behind bugs, and lag. The game also doesn't look as good for having low fps. (My PC specs are on my profile.) After a long development I don't see this game becoming finished anytime soon and I don't see this as a worthy investment."
76561197964136142,Not Recommended,244850,25658315,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Scorcher,"The game is at a standstill dev-wise, full of bugs that went unanswered for years (forget about pistons and moving parts altogether). Stay away from it"
,Recommended,244850,10486613,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TurtleMonkey,"Space Engineers is a fantastic game, and it excels in offering a somewhat realistic, fun, and creative experience. It's damage engine is unparalleled, creating dents, rips, and holes in the game's wide variety of blocks. In Space Engineers the player can create an infinite variety of space stations, large ships, and small ships. The player can play in creative mode, with infinite materials and electricity, or in survival mode where they must manage resources, electricity, and pprotect themselves from a variety of ""cargo ships,"" ranging from unarmed small ships, to massive ships covered in weapons. Space engineers also offers a unique multiplayer mode in which players can work together to create ships and stations, or battle each other.PROS:- Very fun- high replayability- great physics engine- AMAZING damage engine- fun combat- fun singleplayer-fun multiplayer-lots of updates-Steam workshop compatability- highly customizeable world generationCONS:- some glitches (especially in muliplayer)- difficult to understand in the beginning if you don't have much experience with this kind of gameOverall rating:Gameplay: 8/10Multiplayer: 8/10Singleplayer: 10/10Content: 9.5/10Mechanics: 9.5/10TOTAL: 45/50"
,Not Recommended,244850,20312148,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,KHAOTIX,It's ok I guess.
76561198112071543,Recommended,244850,12974874,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Polenball,Space Engineers is a freeroam sandbox with a very heavy community behind the game. I have played over 600 hours on this game and aproaching 620. it`s amazing. 10/10 for anybody who likes engineering like me.
,Recommended,244850,18006133,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SpaceX24,I Like this Game alot and Check out my Workshop! You should try out Medieval Engineers if you like this game and Space Engineers has Planets Now!!! So Much Fun.http://store.steampowered.com/app/244850http://store.steampowered.com/app/333950
,Not Recommended,244850,24600187,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,superboringkid3000,"I bought this game a few years ago thinking it was going to be just Minecraft in space, and it is. It's a really good game.However, KSH has evolved the specs over time, rendering the game unplayable with my hardware, even on legacy mode. It's just one big benchmark/slideshow for my card nowadays because there are no efforts being placed for serious optimization or even just a low-graphics mode (low-poly everything, minimum shaders).I cannot refund the game since it has been such a long time, Even if I upgraded my computer, my brother would require the hardware upgrade as well, amounting the upgrade costs to be roughly $400 just to play this game. Now you're thinking ""baahh go away poor kid"" but we are the silent majority.If you're an adult with a disposable income, go ahead and buy. Otherwise, you better keep your money in your wallet until you get a new computer."
,Not Recommended,244850,25137341,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Oblivion,"Please take notice that this is my very first reveiw of a steam game, so if I write this incorrectly please bear with me. Thanks!With that out of the way... I would really love to recommend this game, I really would.  The graphics are great, the physics are superb; and the multitude of fantastic creations by other people really makes it exciting.But I cannot recommend it for one simple reason; Space engineers is nigh-impossible for beginners.  Its a paradox, I know that, but its true.  To start with, the tutorials are broken. Plain and simple.  I don't know if this is a weird/freak personal experience or not, but both the conveyors tutorial (#4), and the conveyors in the game proper cannot be placed.  The ""small conveyor tube"", an item essential to both the tutorial and the game itself literally do not exist in the inventory and there is no help on how to acquire them.  Additionally there are other known problems with the power tutorial and some other issues with the game.Feel free to shoot me a message if you know how to fix this, until then... I have to say DO NOT BUY at anywhere close to full price.Pros-Great GraphicsPhysics is excellentLooks fun and engagingMod workshopAllows for creativityCons-Tutorials are brokenUI is counterintuitive and confusing at timesItems do not work properly (conveyors)No help from game on how to find different types of items in inventorySo far very few bug fixes..."
,Recommended,244850,19486125,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,BevoLJ,"Greatly enjoying the planets update.  =)  I have heard from others that it can be a bit laggy, and they still have a bit of work to do on netcode.  I have yet to try multiplayer since the planets update, but from my single player experience performance has been great.  The planets add a MUCH needed context to the game, and it feels like a real game now with a worthwhile survival mode, and not just an environment to try out different technical mechanics in creative anymore.  Although that is still fun!"
,Recommended,244850,12023922,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Welcius,"Before buying this game I was not sure if it would be a good purchase but in fact it is: there's new content and updates almost every week and the developers care so much of the community. You should start playing survival and when you learn the mechanics of the game (they are a bit hard) start playing on multiplayer servers, you will find a lot of kind people that would not have any problem in explaining how something works."
,Recommended,244850,13154063,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Handsoap Shimada,"Loved it, played a 3 day demo and it was awesome. Perfect combination of the fantastic sandbox building of Minecraft, but the complicated dynamics of Kerbal Space Program. I recommend it to anyone."
76561198007712283,Recommended,244850,21509105,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,blut0806,"It's so fun and full of creativity,explored in the game and I never get boredI suggest who saw this comment should play this gameeven once, you will love it."
,Recommended,244850,10194627,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Cookie,"This product is wonderful, I will keep my review short and simple and to the point. This game is awesome, still in Alpha when I am writing this review and will update it accordingly. I highly reccomend this game to anybody who is looking for a amazing game that they can build a Space-Ship, Stations and whatever you desire. It is Challenging and full of suprises!! you will meet many great people who wanna help you build your wildest dreams and only continue to strive towards your goals of making the ultimate ship or station. Pick this game up!! when it's done it will be more than worth it.Pros:-Daily Updated Content-Wonderful Community-Easy to use UI-Graphics & Building is Fun-*Optimized-*Moddable-DX11 Support-Full Source Code Available--Cons:Currently none, developement team is working very hard and fixing bugs daily."
,Recommended,244850,11445627,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Kagezda,"This is probably the best money I've spent on steam, to be honest... and it's not even a 'game' yet."
,Not Recommended,244850,27920119,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Riddhiman,"waste of money , wanted to play this game so bad because i am a fan of games like this . Looked great too . But even with 8gbs of memory and a 64 bit system this game refuses to create any world or let me play anything except for the little sample mission . The game has horrible memory leaks and never stays below 8gb of RAM usage . Even if i bought it on a 70% off sale i stiff feel ripped off ."
,Recommended,244850,9460641,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Slippin' Jimmy,"Everyone loves to play Space.Ricky: Breaker breaker, come in Earth, this is Rocket Ship 27, aliens ♥♥♥♥ed over the carbonator on engine four, I'm gonna try to re♥♥♥♥ulate it on Juniper. Uhh, and hopefully they've got some, space weed there, over. How... how was that buddy? I don't ♥♥♥♥in' know.Bubbles: Ricky... that's not very good. Use space words, real ones, not talking about space weed.Ricky: NAYSA, power rockets are firin' all over the place... they got lasers that are shootin' and uh."
76561198052894625,Recommended,244850,8731978,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,joe1017,Great game. Create whatever kind of ship or space station you want. Not really any restrictions or limits to what you can make.
,Recommended,244850,9146164,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jibbles,"Super fun game, like starmade with graphics on crack. Infinite possibilities and frequent updates make this a super fun game to play. Now with multiplayer! Highly recommended. Only downside is there is no low graphics option so if you don't have a mid to higher end gaming rig you are limited as to how big your ships can go."
,Recommended,244850,8774270,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Real Super Sand,amazing and fun has weapons and multiplayer now....This message has been aproved by Nick Heron
,Recommended,244850,8108374,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Yrreb,Space Engineers is a very good game with excellent graphics and physics!
76561198088849016,Recommended,244850,8853239,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Shockwaye,"This is the first game that i actually boughed with a credit card, it was worth it, the game is awesome, buy it and join the community!  -Shockwaye"
76561197973109369,Recommended,244850,20245371,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Phoenix,"I can't get enough of this game, I have over 2100 hours in game (over the course of 2 years), and it's still in alpha.Think Minecraft, in space, but more realistic. Oh, and there's weapons, and giant spiders!Pros:* Frequent updates. There's some update every single week. Yes, every 7 days.* Fully destructible planets, with no loading screens.* DX9* and DX11 support* Extensive modding support that grows nearly with each update* In-game scripting (puts Minecraft to shame here). If you know how to write code, or want to learn, you can do A LOT, all from inside the game itselfCons:* Sometimes updates break things, but it's an alpha, so I expect that. You should too if you get this now.* Multiplayer can be problematic. I haven't had too many issues, as I mostly play single player, but many people have reported desyncing and bullet-through-paper physics issues. The devs are rewriting the networking code to fix this, but it's still ongoing as of the time of this writing. They are nearing completion though, so expect improvements in the next several weeks.* Planets are only available in DX11. This isn't so bad though if you think where the game has come. Planets were never even considered back when I got the game, when it was advertised for DX9. They've now added a new feature that wasn't promised before, so they upped the reqs to match. I think it's a fair tradeoff. Everything else in the game is still fully supported in DX9, and will continue to be.I'm not only a player, but a modder as well. The modding API has grown considerably, and a lot is possible to customize (player skins, blocks, custom functionality). However there is some stuff that cannot be uploaded as a workshop mod (UI skins for example). They can be installed outside of the workshop though, if you know how."
76561197987827785,Recommended,244850,13771435,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,123,"i'm finally ready to endorse Space Engineers as a recommended purchase for my friends. recent mods and updates have really brought the game close to being 100% playable and fun. definitely worth early access price, absolutely worth sale prices.specifically the Exploration update has made this game immense and thus troll proof, while still allowing for that extra edge of full open PVP and griefing in a sandbox builder. servers with fast movement (FTL jump drives or Stargates) and navigation (GPS/Waypoint mod) also now provide the tools for a rich Faction vs Faction endgame without any need for arbitraty rules of engagement.basically it's time for you guys to start learning this game so we can build a Faction and start dominating."
,Recommended,244850,10966380,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dingo Dango Damn,GROUND CONTROL TO MAJOR TAM.
76561197989646777,Recommended,244850,9710755,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Darkritual1117☣,This video made me go from meh to bought it for this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh6uzKe8jAM
,Recommended,244850,22393683,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Vlku272,"Amazing game that anyone can enjoy. It's less about following objectives as most games are these days and more about using your personal creativity to create your own fun. Like Garry's Mod but in a much cleaners, styled fashion, give users a much more streamlined building system and the tools to do whatever their heart desires. The workshop is rich with mods and other user content, and it's easy to share your creations with others, and just as easy to download and use the creations others make. Weekly updates from the developers means there are constant improvements and fixes coming to the game at a steady pace as well.However, in my experience when ever I have been on to play the game (Most common times players in the AEST Timezone and similar would be on) The amount of players on servers is limited at best. On rare occasions a 10-15 slot server will be full, but other than that the lack of players can mean a limited interaction with others making playing on servers providing the same experience if not less in terms of player interaction plus issues you might experience with your connection to said server. To resolve this I would highly recommend talking you friend into buying this game or even buying it for them if you wish to play multiplayer, at least until the community grows.All in all there are probably plenty of games with a bigger player base and more content then Space Engineers, but the ability to sculpt the game to your needs is really unique feature to have in a game and no other game pulls this off better then this. There is plenty of room for new content and improvements but as it is now this is one of the best games on Steam right now and worth every cent. Can't wait for the player base to grow, see you in game!"
76561198116257189,Recommended,244850,23643574,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jkdude2012,"This is a epic game with no others alike and is very complex for starters but once you lean it you will love it, it is one of the best games i have."
,Recommended,244850,20548463,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mobius1king,This is a really great game if you like to try and build your favorite ships or buildings from imagination or from your favorite movies and shows. The extent of the creativity of this game is limitless. I'll sit down and start on a ship and 6 hours pass and I'm trying to decide what wallpaper my flight deck should have. If you like mine craft you'll love this.
,Recommended,244850,7890797,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Bishop,"Lots of potential, stable releases, what i expect from an early access game. very good in general, worth supporting this game."
,Recommended,244850,13519894,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Elairion,Is your PC crap? Buy this anyway!Are you autistic? Buy this anyway!Do you like physics? Buy this anyway!Wanna recreate ships that would give Sheldon Cooper a wet dream? Buy this anyway!BUY THIS GAME! NOW!
,Recommended,244850,12463581,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,pacy,i can drill trough an asteroid10/10
,Recommended,244850,23358806,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,carrot,"Now,I like this game,it's alot of fun,and for somebody who itches to play this everyday,I can say that it's broken to the point it's unplayable.Yes,I know,it's in early access.But don't you think we should atleast be able to play it?So,game boots up,try to create a new world,join world,usual stuff.THEN,ALL OF A SUDDEN,THE GAME SHUTS ITSELF OFF,CRASHES MY COMPUTER WHILE THE P.S.U SMELLS LIKE BURNT ♥♥♥♥ING ELECTRONICSSWEET CHRISTBut anyway,if you can play it,good on you,it's a good game."
76561197995659501,Not Recommended,244850,20390131,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,gludar,Game is abandoned.Rip Space engineers.  You have been completely broken for over a year. The dev team puts 0 effort into fixing this game.I hope the good ai program was worth the death of this game.
,Not Recommended,244850,20295125,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Lord Cylarne,"To cut to the chase, no I don't recommend this game. But I recommend it to ONLY people who like over complicated and relentlessly hard/sometimes annoying gameplay style, where physics in this game is very realistic, and all of your stats are based on a strict real life scenario, an engineer.Story Line/campaign: Does not exist (yet)Gameplay/replayability/learning curve: 2/10Game mechanics/GUI: 6/10AI: 10/10Graphics/art/models/animation: 9/10Functionality/performance: 6/10Content provided: 10/10Survival: 1.5/5Creative: 4/5Now why are these scores looking generous yet I'm not recommending the game? So let's start off with saying what is right with the game.Planets. 'Nuff said. Planets are huge and blow away 99% of the audience's expectations, INCLUDING mine. Planets are big, Space is big, you can jump your ship across a freaking galaxy, and when you get up to Space, OH... is it rewarding. Resources come at you generously, and you don't have to worry about gravity, and it is so... realistic. Launching a rocket up into space is both hard, and rewarding. The content levels are extreme, and visually + sounds... it's amazing. The full combinations of things you can build/make is great, and the developers of this game are excellent. The detail into imagination of creation is tons better than Minecraft, and you can program your ship to GIVE COMMANDS or MAKE IT AN AI!!!! Though it is lonely... so you should make AI to fend off against other AI.But...As much as it pains me to admit, the game Space Engineers will never be enjoyable to play. The game is fun at times, but it has a limit of fun because of how the game is played and made. Now don't get me wrong, planets is extremely perfect and the devs could NOT have made it any better. The expectations are over the top. But what is wrong with the game?Survival, the controls, and everything about the game via core mechanics and controls is HORRIBLE. You have to keep an ever watch on physics, building blocks take forever to build with limited inventory space, and running back and forth from destination to destination getting this and that component at quantities of 10-100 of EACH component, trying to remember what any object requires, topped with your oxygen AND energy AND jetpack hydrogen ticking down is the most ridiculous thing I have encountered on this entire planet! The game is not even worth playing, when things you build, die and disappear so freaking frequently, that you'll also rage quit once every play through and probably not play the game for another while.Lag is a big concern. Objects colliding is a big deal, and the attempt at generating thousands of trees is a cumbersome experience. Ship parts gets destroyed and disappear at hilarious times when not supposed to, multiplayer servers take time to respond to commands, and few other bugs/glitches to take away from enjoyment, but slightly. Still immersive in the long run, but the core mechanics of this game is extremely stupid, tacked on with bugs makes you sit there pondering at the game....replayability and learning curve is JUST NO. Why would I want to replay my game when the game keeps crashing, my ships keep crashing, I keep dying easily, and blocks are TOO DANG HARD to construct?!?!?! How are you supposed to learn any of this? Because of horrible learning curves, 85-90% of my friends don't wanna play survival, ever.Finally the GUI. What... the... hell is up with the build command complexity. You start with blocks in your quickslots you probably don't use, figuring out how to equip weapons is all tiresome, stiffly implemented, and hard to figure out. The control panel??? A mess. So many clusterfeck options that your brain goes numb, and the defaults of wheels is so WTFU, that building a vehicle on land takes AGES to figure out and get working correctly.Going back to core gameplay mechanics, sure the game is supposed to be slow. I get that, but if you have actual flaws to deal with, it is like a clog in your brain. SURE... you can store items into your containers and build welders on your ships and stuff and start weldin' but your welders if they even TOUCH objects at times, they just explode along with your resources and then that butt hurt flows through you like a disease of TROLLING... then you'll probably sit back and ponder at the screen for 5-30 minutes wondering, ""what am I doing with my life?""The 300 hours I spent into this game is mostly me building up whatever I want (which is the cool part about the game), exploring planets, coding AI, and going back into the game to see new updates released every Thursday.This is why I do not recommend the game. I'm sorry. I really am... as I like this game, but I want to like it more...PS: I know it is in alpha still, but the potential in this game still exists... yet the devs ignore gameplay value over ""perty graphics"" and eye candy."
76561198205977604,Not Recommended,244850,24547043,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Disqualified,"I cannot recommend this game.  I am sure it's great if you know what you're doing.  But I don't have the patience for that.  I can't be the only one who thinks that.  The tutorial isn't very helpful either.  So you will have to figure it out yourself.  If you think you can deal with that, then hats off to you."
,Recommended,244850,20671956,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,SadisticLegend,"I would recommend this game for its multiplayer! (i get bored with offline games)Be prepared to sink all of the time you should be sleeping, on this game! Once you start a project you have to commit! You just need to find the right server that suits you. They have done so well with this game! I love the way its heading.I played this game for a while then gave it a rest. Now that the planets have been put in, its unleashed a whole new game for me! Ive managed to find a great community on my regular server.Lemon Squeezer for life!8.5/10 from me!!"
,Recommended,244850,33442574,Posted: 10 July,all,toaztee,i think its really fun i juust have one problem it says i needa Dx11 graphics card to run planets and workshopso...........help?
,Recommended,244850,33446395,Posted: 10 July,all,wered,"This game is great, The planets are huge, space is endless, and the workshop has more mods and blueprints than i have seen for any other game, You will see alot of people complaining about the development of the game and the bugs, But the game is still in beta however they have made huge improvments to the game and with an exception of holidays, they release an update evey thursday with bug fixes, performance improvments and new content, Iv been playing the game since the early days and it has come along way and it gets better every week, I currently have around 800 hours in the game and will have many more."
76561198062294007,Recommended,244850,33422442,Posted: 9 July,all,Raccoon,"This is one of the best games i have ever bought. The destructivev physsics are really cool to watch when a ship disolves into the ground of a planet you crashed into (falling with style). The survival is challenging but entertaining and can trap  you for hours (or 585 hours if you're me so far!) with all the random crap you have to sift though to build a base or spaceship. The asortment of blocks is huge and lets you make the ultimate war-machine, super-cargo-hualer or the fastest fighter in the solar system, and with the massive workshop filled with people playing this game there are so many things being uploaded everyday you'll never run out of ships.If you havent got this game by now but instead are still reading to this point, please, get this game.As for the multiplayer it is a bit choppy but its nothing a good computer cant fix and some super fast internet (if you have some please hook me up), otherwise this game is amazing and more people should get it to support the cool devs make more stuff to play around with (aka; somehow weaponise).9.5/10"
76561198272616480,Not Recommended,244850,25648029,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,diman7988,"Dont play that game, everything you build will destroy or deleted or bug, bug, bug, bug, bug...."
,Recommended,244850,9889536,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Metalgearz,"Space engineers is perhaps the greatest sandbox game ever invented.As the name suggests, it's all about space, there are spacecraft to design, bases to build and asteroids to mine.The physics and spaceship building is incredibly well-done, newton's laws are well at play, for instance, ramming a ship will push it away, and will force your ship to move back aswell (or atleast the part of the ship that survived), by holding the movement keys in a spaceship, it will start building speed, and without thrusters put in the opposing direction (inertia dampeners), it's NEVER gonna stop moving, so you have to put trusters in all directions, should you want to move freely through the cosmos.In order to make your ship fly, you'll need power and trusters, and in order to make it turn, you need gyroscopes, wich are ALL affected by the mass of the ship.The building blocks given by the game allows you to make fantastic looking ships and new items are being added all the time.Bottom line: this game is great, if you like floating around in space and building stuff, buy it, as it is definitely worth your money."
76561198176108127,Not Recommended,244850,25498756,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,lawcynell,"After having spent over 20 hours on my first survival mission to have everything dissappear after i logged back on, i will be removing this game from my computer i cant have that sort of negativity in my life. nice try though."
,Recommended,244850,8580547,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Juan Diego,This is oone of the best games i have played it for about 6 hours now and find it relly intresting. you can make a bunch of awsome space ships and many other things if you get bord makee a new world and blow things up. Have fun
,Recommended,244850,12430675,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,iKindred,"Incredible experience. Very well excecuted. The game provides little to no information about how to play it but you can find tons of Youtube videos that will get you up and running in a matter of minutes.Personally I would love to see more stuff to do in the game, specially missions of some sort, a progression system to keep players engaged and hostile AI factions to fight with."
,Recommended,244850,21195949,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Splitsie,"What can I say about a game that has allowed me to:- hollow out an asteroid to create a hidden base- smash my astronaut, ships and even a base or two into an asteroid (both on purpose and because I my braking systems were a dismal failure)- create mammoth ships for mining, killing or just plain derping about- has a community of modders that are so impressive that their stuff is incorporated into the vanilla game- work on amachinima serieswithin the game that has so far proven to be a lot of funWell I can say: GET IT!Despite the bugs, the devs consistently churn out improvements (or more bugs) and are definitely continuously active on their games."
,Recommended,244850,25746627,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Jaxth3ax,"Very fun, have more hours in this game goofing off and building to my heart's content. I absolutly love how the developer keeps the community up to date on their progress and updates the game every week. GG would reccomend."
,Recommended,244850,12972728,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mario1240,A very good game. Worth buying. Very fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,244850,32245614,Posted: 7 June,all,Spiffo,Can you guys just stop updating the game?You are just loading junk files at this point to lie about how its not deadGood game though
76561198076555218,Not Recommended,244850,19272364,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,staying subliminal,This game looks fun but is poorly optimized.Random fps drops and seems to be capped at 30I do not reccomend
,Not Recommended,244850,32415353,Posted: 14 June,all,Astute,"Having given it much thought, I would equate Space Engineers to a flippant Greek God. Amazing, incredible, and outright astonishing in the things that it can accomplish, yet temperamental, spiteful, and ultimately ironic in the punishment it dispenses.First off, I love just about everything about this game. It's cool, slick, and polished in a lot of ways. If anything, everyone should take a peek at Space Engineer's tutorial section, that's the vertical slice of what Space Engineers can and should be. Every time I come back to Space Engineers, I'm immediately impressed with what they've improved, and how much better it handles. I have great respect for the developer and what they've been able to accomplish.However, Space Engineers has one particularly fatal flaw. You'll play for a good while, dozens of hours even, only to have the game ruin your experience with some bug that comes out of no where and destroys your progress in such a way you can't hope to recover. Even worse, there is basically no way to plan for these bugs. It's as if you spent hours baking a cake, only to drop it into a ditch in your kitchen that just magically appeared.Spend 30 hours building a really cool ship? Now it explodes off into several pieces at lightning speed each time you load, with no way to recover or even rebuild it.Scrape together a small rover to help you get around the planet with the bare minimum supplies you had? 15 seconds later it pops off the ground and flips over, destroying some of its essential components, with auto-save kicking in mid-flip.How about that lander you took 45 hours scraping together the supplies for? You put a finishing block on it, just to have it sink into ground and explode, destroying your only refinery. This repeats every time you reload.Like a Greek God, Space Engineers revels in your triumphs, patting you on the back when you do a good deed in its name. Well, right up until it gets jealous of all the fun you are having, and decides to curse with with the most ironic and painful kind of punishment that you had no idea was coming.This was my 6th attempt at playing Space Engineers. Every time I play, I burn a lot of time trying to get to the fun part(aka, finishing something), only to end up rage-quitting because my save is unrecoverable in some way. Final Verdict, pick it up if you want an amazing space experience, just be wary that its temporary, and will probably end with you rage-uninstalling the game."
,Not Recommended,244850,23888724,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lvl 7 Wood 6 Yasou,"Boom Space Engineers, it like a mountain of bugs. I mean if your rich enough to own a NASA SPACE computer then you can probably run the game and have fun. But right now its poorly optimised, You end up feeling like an idiot floating around in space."
,Recommended,244850,15639699,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,AfterShock360,"I love this game! It's great how they update every thursday! The game really grows and is so fun now! I HIGHLY reccomend this game to anyone who plays games like Minecraft or Terraria, and if they like space, then this is perfect! It may eem a bit pricy, but it's really worth it! So again, I love and reccomend this to, well, ANYONE!!"
,Not Recommended,244850,23889331,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,doge,"I bought this game more than a year ago, it was barely working on my pcnow I have a gaming pc, high speed internet, and this game just lags and bugs, they kept making performances worstglitchs, and lags, thats what this game is about"
,Not Recommended,244850,19828123,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,satchrd has a K,I used to enjoy space engineers however the planets update has made it unplayable for me i have asked several people and as far as i can tell it works fine for people who are using NVIDIA graphics however for AMD computers it doesnt seem to be compatible
76561198052885500,Not Recommended,244850,20019590,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kay_Why_Essss,The average pc that could run this game cant run it now
,Recommended,244850,30085269,Posted: 21 February,all,DrEarlInsanity,"After nearly 3000h, I can say that i'd still upvote this gameye can (if ye have the patience) make ANYTHINGfrom articulated hands to analog computers I have seen it allin terms of community there are pvp, roleplay, and engineering(building geared) groups also, so ye don't have to force yourself into doing only one thing.tho to the new player I can see how it can be a lil' daunting to learn (it really isn't)1. go to youtube2. go to the wiki3. go to the forums'bout all i can say in negatives is the pc needed to run it properly*DON'T use an intel chipped laptop*DON'T use integrated graphicslisten to the recommended stats....tho id swing to an i7."
76561198148431186,Recommended,244850,29963977,Posted: 16 February,all,PixelPenguin448,"I love this game, At first it's hard but then it gets easier the more you play. If you like open world, sandbox games that you can go into space then this is your game because you have the ability to build your own ship and base however building ships require time... This game is a must have for people who like No Mans Sky but unlike No Mans Sky you have the ability to build your very own ship... There is more but i have no time to explain as i have ships to build and asteroids to mine... Hope this helps... :P"
76561198020834310,Recommended,244850,21152326,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,TheMidnightCrow,When the world has problems I no longer blame Obama now I just yell Keeen!
76561198034930087,Recommended,244850,22207978,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,SlickRick,"Probably my favorite sandbox game ever, great game when it came out 2 1/2 years ago and  it's only gotten better."
,Not Recommended,244850,25220557,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Oni No Hanzo,"Do i like this game? HELL YESDo i recommend it? No, just no, not right now details belowPros:80 % of friends made from SEMade your childhood design spaceship REAL!You can be anything, no limit, no rulesYou can build anything(if you have the imagination)Cons:The game is buggy like hell(fun sometimes)Stable is unplayable in both single player and multiplayerMultiplayer is practically impossibleCrash every 5 minRubberbanding is strong with this oneDesync happen every now and then between client and serverClang GOD hate you when you play with rotors, piston, and wheelsDont get me wrong on this review, I love this game, i really really do, but seeing how it develop in these past few years, the game gone from bad, to worse. why you ask? The game is now being split into two variant that is develop and stable. while the develop keep getting weekly update, patch and hotfix, stable on the other hand receive all of that once a month. Recent update 01.144(http://forums.keenswh.com/threads/update-01-144-stable-update-01-149-dev-bug-fixes-and-improvements.7386481/)have made the game pratically impossible to play both single player and multi player. The develop however is more playable in singleplayer but not multiplayer.Conclusion:If you can withstand the bug and clang destroyed your precious 20 hours of hardwork, i recommend you to get this gameif not, well.. stay away until full release(Will update the review once the game is much better)(29.08.2016)"
,Recommended,244850,17610645,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,♥ Kinky ♥,"Awesome game, if you like minecraft styled building mechanics with a little more complexity this is definatly the game for you. (if you like space that also helps)"
76561198163059036,Not Recommended,244850,24482848,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,murattarakci1,"There is no technical shortcomings on my computer. I'm disgraced my money. I installed the game. Installing turns itself off. I did all the updates, but did not improve. I will return.hiç bir teknik eksiklik yok bilgisayarımda. Paramla rezil oluyorum. Oyunu yükledim. Yüklerken kendi kendine kapanıyor. Tüm güncellemeleri yaptım fakat düzelmedi. İade edeceğim."
,Not Recommended,244850,25103468,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,A Scytherian Wanker,"Back in my original review in 2015, I had recommended this game. But seeing the state the game is in now honestly makes me sad.For starters, to experience things like planets you'll probably need to blow all your money away on some overpriced gaming computer. This is because Keen thought it would be a great idea to make the game have so much unpolished, buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥that it's literally impossible (as in, the game crashes upon me starting a world using dx11, despite me having it. gg keen) to use anything BUT DX9. Even then, I only get 20FPS on there now because this thing eats up RAM like a fatty eats mcdonalds.Back in 2014-2015, this game was perfectly fine on my computer. It ran amazingly well on low-end PCs with almost no crashes. Now you can't even play the ♥♥♥♥ing thing on anything but some $15,000 ""le tru ebin pee see mustard rice gaymin cumputer for hardcore gaymurs such as myself"" ugly alienware piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Worst part? There's literally no graphical difference whatsoever, the game looks the same as it did in 2013.Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ you won't be able to run it."
,Not Recommended,244850,20016756,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Marcus Antonius,"Space Engineers is an open-world sandbox game where you take on the role of a engineer of stellar proportions. While the wonderful screenshots and description of this game are very convincing; the game runs like utter garbage. The developers have built their own engine for this game, but as others have mentioned as well: The game somehow feels like a Unity game. It is well stated that the game is in fact not based off Unity, but the poor performance optimizations tend to shed some similarity between them.Because this is early access, this sort of problem at the moment; is fully excusable. If the game goes out of early access, then this will be a big problem for many gamers. As other reviewers (even positive ones have mentioned); the game's potential is great and the concepts that it lays out are very unique from other open-world sandbox titles. But if the developers don't start focusing on major performance optimizations, then I expect this game will fall short for a long crowd. My FPS in the game with a GTX 680 4GB card never goes any higher than 28 FPS, and often dips to 3 FPS with all the graphics on low.Overall, unless you have a GTX titan with 12 GB of RAM and a Core I7 with 4.0 GHz, you will probably not be able to enjoy this game (the low settings make it look really ugly.)"
76561198031567204,Not Recommended,244850,20022088,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Foxseven,"Was super stoked to get going on this game.  After watching a bunch of tutorials and jumping in to get it going I found myself it an utter daze and how massively uncomfortable the game played.  From just moving on Earth, to flying (if you can call it that), and do not even get me started on building.  Sorry, wanted to love this game but it felt like an utter mess.  Buyer beware but I truly hope I am the minority.  Such a fantastic idea but for me, sadly, ranks as one of the worst games I have ever played on Steam.  If the controls are sh-t then there is not much of the game you can even experience."
76561198104804178,Not Recommended,244850,20060400,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,PheonixUltimate,"Hey guys, feel like wasting an hour or two trying to get to your friends location, only to die and have to do it all over again? Than let me tell you about Space Engineers. Not only does this game run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the vast openess of absolutely nothing literally demands that you sit there with your finger on the thruster.....that does nothing! Why the hell would they respawn you in space, on a ship, in freefall at...what i can only guess is 100m/s, instead of....i dont know, respawning in one of the bases theyve built. Seriously, this game sucks. WHY THE HELL IS THERE A RESPAWN WAIT!!!"
76561198077101759,Not Recommended,244850,22293511,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,A regular plumbus,"I really like this game. The idea of a spaceship minecraft-like game with an awesome physics engine was really apealling and when I first go it I wasn't dissapointed. But this game has many issues I think you should know about before buying it. When I first bought the game it was fairly buggy but not bad for an alpha title and it's weekly releases left me confident it would only improve from there. I was wrong. The developers were so focused on adding more and more content to the game it quickly became unstable. On planets as far as I can tell maintaining a solid 30 fps is difficult and 60fps is flatout impossible. The game also encounters huge performance issues when you attempt to build larger ships so you can kiss any hopes of massive battleships goodbye. The multiplayer leaves alot to be desired with simulation speeds tanking to .60 or below. But the worst part is, despite all these issues the developers continue to release weekly updates adding more flash to the game with seemingly no intent on fixing it's performance.Now if you stay inside these limitations it is a very fun game if you enjoy building spaceships and I will still come back and play it every onceand a while. If you can learn to live with framerate issues and bugs you'll probably enjoy it too but in it's current state I just can't recommend it."
,Recommended,244850,8997879,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Vito 🐙 Holo,My impressions on space engineers.<insert lengthly review here>I like it.
76561198059893850,Recommended,244850,8318224,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[KoD] ExoSapian,"Great game, das all"
,Recommended,244850,7976237,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Case,This game has alot of potential! Worth the $15.
,Not Recommended,244850,32689842,Posted: 23 June,all,|+|Young Blood,"I had fun playing it for a couple times, the concept is very interesting to me, but after an update everything became too laggy even in multiplayer. I had to spend 3 minutes just to walk the length of a short room, I can't even turn around without lag and couldn't finish the tutorial after the lag started."
76561198055318578,Recommended,244850,8051417,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,_-TehEpicPotato-_,"If ur computer  is a bit slow then i would not recommend this game to you, but if u have no problem with lag then this is an awesome game with great detail, although there is no storyline or point to this game besides building spaceships and crashing them it is super fun.There is unlimited room, the space is neverending, and there is beacons so you can set up a beacon at your base and travel to oblivion and know how to find your way back or attach it to your main ship an fly away with a little one to adventure! This game supplies a huge amount of fun and the effort put into making this game is outstanding, overall i think this is one of the top games i've ever come across and i hope that if you buy this game you'll find yourself playing for hours :3"
,Not Recommended,244850,24547580,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MR_BOREDOM666,i wont recomend this game until it is in a more stable less laggy state. so instead of letting everyone throw an idea in you should fix some problems
,Not Recommended,244850,24297949,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Blastin,"Used to work fine (for asteroids, not planets), great game but I can no longer play it because I no longer meet the minimum requirements. So I basically have a game I can no longer play, give me back the version that worked please as this game is now broken for me"
,Not Recommended,244850,19303184,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Reimu Rin,"After 1.110 update, they forced old users to buy DirectX 11 compatible graphic card. Even my graphic card supported it, I'm not allowed to play this game anymore. I have successfully get into game and play beautiful planets before update. VRageRender-DirectX11.log file shows that 'SUPPORTED = True', so I have DirectX 11 compatible graphic card. But why I'm not allowed to play and blocked by this dialog message below:It seems that your graphics card is currently unsupported because it does not meet minimum requirements. Please see minimum requirements athttp://www.spaceengineersgame.com/system-requirements.html"
76561198031143599,Recommended,244850,20701501,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,three rashers,"I have never had the need to (or wanted to) review any game,but Space Engineers deserves all the praise it can get! I have been playing this game for some time and have 590 hours on record and in my opinion this is a brilliant game. The type of player this game best suits is someone who likes survival, resourse gathering,survival building, creative building, and has a good imagination. As I said I have been playing for a long time and I have yet to run out of ideas!There are some disadvantages such as minor bugs e.g lighting problems, the odd ship that just explodes for no reason, and that the game is very taxing on low end PCs, but most bugs are patched and there is just so much to do in the game that these disadvantages are dwarfed by the  size and enjoyment of the game, and as for running Space Engineers on your PC, once you meet the minimum requirements the game works fine (just dont go near planets)The game developers have been excellent since day one bringing out constant updates every week and fixing issues that the community have had. On top of all this there is a vibrant modding community with steam workshop support which enhances the game so so much, allowing you to build ships and contraptions from your favourite movies etc (Star wars!!)This game has been my favourite for a long time and will likely stay that way, and I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is interested. Thanks for reading and keep building!EXTRA: I have seen a few negative reviews of this game and they seem to be annoyed about the same thing, the un-stable state of multiplayer, but something you need to keep in mind is that the game is fine in solo and in small multi-player servers, the problem arises with lots of people in servers with many complex blocks. If you try and avoid these bigger servers (which can easily be done, I haven't played in one yet) you are still left with a brilliant game with near limitless possibilities."
,Not Recommended,244850,20337727,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[IDF] Pink Diamond,"This game has great concepts and pretty good content, however, it is verybuggyand needsOPTIMIZATION. It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I do not recommend buying it unless you have a relatively high-end computer and can put up with some bugs. If this game becomes optimized, then I would recommend it but for now no... unless you would like to support the devs. If it looks like it interests you then I would suggest picking it up if it goes on sale."
,Recommended,244850,33444447,Posted: 10 July,all,|Virolex™|,"Great Space game. You can make ships, bases, go into survival, fight against raiders, and play the campaign. Great game. Would recommend."
76561198054190631,Not Recommended,244850,25572787,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NxNOS,Early AccessBad Early Access = They get our money first and going slow development or never finish their games.They let the video games fanboys defending all complaints.About this game the multiplayer and survival mode still not playable.They slow down the development after the planet update.
76561198171898270,Not Recommended,244850,23238305,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RoofCat,"Limited edition. Like forever and quite limited.Promising ideas at start turned into seemingly endless & almost useless update story. Too much sand in this sandbox.Great community creating and doing incredible things, even repairing bugs themselves but this project is now almost 3 years old and despite weekly updates it still feels like probably 1 year old. Some things are too booring, predefined and after all this time - poor. Some break the whole time. Ingame coding part limited in access to many important parameters/commands. Multiplayer progressively losing simspeeds. Battles lame. Planetary aircraft incapable of aerodynamics without a mod. Planets themselves too synthetic and useless. ""Painted"" Sun on background circling planets. Iron, Cobalt, Nickel,.. Gold, Platinum yet no Copper. Do they really use silver wires? :)Main reason? There are just better games out there. Kerbal for space tinkerers, other for battle oriented.Still a nice try. Would have recommended 2 years ago. Not anymore.Early access. ETA 2021+"
,Recommended,244850,10106879,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Lobo,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
76561198028753240,Not Recommended,244850,19337400,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Outlavv,"Update for november 2016. Game is decent ever since the release of the stable branch. Bugs are still around, but most of the grame breaking ones are gone. Awesome game now that it is becoming less buggy"
76561198074047928,Recommended,244850,15611550,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,AlexFaz,"My brother broke my ship, We floated off into space never to be seen again.10/10 Would vanish again"
,Recommended,244850,9760644,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Lowlow,GET. THIS. GAME.
,Recommended,244850,29914596,Posted: 13 February,all,☢NukeQuest☢,"Hello! Great game. I've dumped 30 hours into it so far. I plan to play it much MUCH more. It's really addicting.THIS GAME MAY LOOK INTIMIDATING TO LEARN, BUT IT IS VERY EASY TO LEARN!I highly recommend this game. If you like space, explosions, realistic colisions, exploration, adventure, PVP OR PVE, multiplayer, single player, sandbox, basebuilding, you will love this game.9/10"
76561197991429249,Recommended,244850,29977714,Posted: 16 February,all,seth1slar,"I am very very new to this game. After watching some SovietWomble videos on YouTube I decided it looked really fun. So i decided to pick up a copy. I love the ability to craft a ship in real time and then take it for a spin. I still have a lot to learn about this game. My first ship was an ugly one, it is currently floating unmanned thru space in pieces after I crashed into an astroid. But learning the mechanics of the game I am currently making a way nicer one, that hopefully fairs better than the last one. Taking a break from other games to craft and explore is something that I find relaxing. The game is still in beta, but there is still a lot of fun to be had. Just watch out for astroids."
76561197996731408,Not Recommended,244850,34959199,Posted: 14 September,all,cloudymn1979,"I've been following this games development for years, and it really pains me to have to write a negative review.  It started out with an endless amount of solid potential, that has slowly been snuffed out bit by bit with each update.  Widely requested features have for the most part been ignored, or implemented poorly.  The game has struggled with the same infuriating bugs constantly, in spite of the Dev's weekly cries of""Honestly, we fixed it for real this time"".Most disappointing is this games glaring lack of content and purpose.  So much so that I can barely bring myself to call it a game at all.  There is no plot. There is no antagonist, or quest to overcome.  The setting is dry and artificial, with oceans of ice existing on seemingly warm planets (they didn't want to spend time coding water) who stand stagnant in an endless expanse of evenly spaced,  ludicrously shaped asteroids (they are truly immersion breaking).  The lack of functional multiplayer or implemented AI (they expect the players to code it in themselves), makes the prospect of ship combat completely nonexistent.If I where to summarize the experience, I would liken this game to playing with broken legos alone in space.  Only, you only have a small selection of broken legos to choose from.  Some of them being useless and some them randomly exploding and destroying what you've spent hours creating.  Leaving you adrift with no oxygen in a cold and lonely void littered with rocky space donuts."
76561197972705578,Not Recommended,244850,23098235,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,fabricator77,"Space Engineers is a sandbox game which should have gotten better as it slowly emerged from Alpha. However sand continues to leak out the corners and cracks. Game content needed to make the game world compelling is still not really there, new blocks and planets aren't a replacement for AI to fight, or NPCs to trade with.This game has so much potential for modding, however the ModAPI remains very incomplete. You can get access to the source code to add things, but Keen Software refuse to assign a programmer to sift through the code people give them that would improve the game/modding. You can ask for things to be added, but months later nothing will have happened.So Keen won't add the content the game needs, and you can't mod it in yourself.Game runs slower than it did 18 months ago, and needs better hardware/OS as well.Players have taken to giving a persona to the game Physics bugs, Clang the god of random explosions or crashing into things."
,Not Recommended,244850,32344754,Posted: 11 June,all,WhoWantsASausage,"Really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really disappointed in this game.Bought it last night, ran so well. Highly enjoyable.Updated this morning, is so slow its virtually unplayable.Looks like I will be waiting for their next patch that hopefully addresses these issues.What an absolute let down."
76561198047169453,Recommended,244850,22542947,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,DeinonychusCowboy,"I never understood why people like Minecraft. To be honest, it's the graphics. I can get into retro graphics in 2D indie games, but Minecraft just turned me off.Space Engineers, on the other hand, is gorgeous, and demonstrated to me exactly how much fun a creativity sandbox can be. It receives regular updates with cool new features and is quite stable, and the mod community is very active and supported by the developers.I've seen a lot of complaints about the developers recently. Most of the ♥♥♥♥♥ing you see about it is undeserved butthurt from people who want their butts kissed by developers; they do an amazing job at supporting existing players/designs/mods compared to most other game communities.Build spaceships erryday."
,Not Recommended,244850,34197850,Posted: 12 August,all,Moose,"As much as I enjoy playing this game (sometimes) I am not able to give a positive review for this game. Everytime I play, there is some new issue whether it be due to performance, game crashing bugs, or bugs that make the game unplayable. Great concept and one of my favorite titles in this genre, the game gets boring fast unless youre playing with friends. (hard to find people to play with)The modding support is horrible, even to do the simplest of mods, you have to bend over backwards and climb the steep learning curve to which there is no official documentation nor workflow to guide you. I dont see the logic in encouraging people to make mods for the game, and provide no help whatsoever. The community is very closed off, I've tried engaging people, posted on discord looking for feedback and help, only to be completely ignored everytime. (i tried 3 times).When i purchased this game, i had the intention of creating mods and being apart of the community, but as I'm now aware, they either don't want or like newcomers or are just plain rude.Regardless of my disappointment, I will still be working to create my own mod. However, I am not sure whether I will still do it for Space Engineers."
,Not Recommended,244850,20241935,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Katapugon,ive never refunded a game so fast before
,Not Recommended,244850,20598828,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Vikonic,I know developing a game isn't easy but the developers need to focus more on optimization and less on adding more content. They couldn't even get the space portion with limited objects to run smoothly and now they have added planets and more♥♥♥♥♥♥that still doesn't run well. I get that it's early access but it already has more content than half the games out there. It's time to take it to the next level and start optimizing.
,Not Recommended,244850,19345768,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,bigbadvoodoodady_1,"Has the potential to be a GREAT GAME... but failing miserably during development. It's been around for two years and has slowly declined with the quality of the patches constantly breaking it. Great to have updates, and added content, but that's only a bonus when the game mechanics are ironed out, and gameplay smoothed. Adding planets was a great idea in theory, and a natural progression, but leaving the game broken and crashing on so many different levels is a recipe for failure."
76561198006368070,Recommended,244850,19106755,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dancing Gellert,Planets are free. Not like in Elite.
,Not Recommended,244850,20802642,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,chickentoast.ang,Absolutely terrible performance. ~20 fps in empty space on a machine which can handle Witcher 3 on high. Crashes every single time loading when trying to play on a planet while it eats up ALL 8gb of my ram.
76561197969273871,Not Recommended,244850,28496279,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,James T. Kirk,"I hope some day...I can´t recommend this game for now since there are so many bugs and performance issues. the game itself could be a big sandbox game but nothing changed.major issues are:-really bad performance-loading screen lasts forever-multiplayer is unplayable right now. if you and your friend travel with the same spaceship, your mate is dying every time. so frustrating-the game is empty just drones and a few ground ""animals"" not really hard to beat and no meaning to the survival gameplayThis game is just a big editor where you can fly or drive your creations. Its sad, cause the game has so much potential. especially for star trek fans with some interesst in spaceship technique."
,Recommended,244850,9895955,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,jferry10102,"An amazing, fun, multiplayer, ""space thingy"". I would recommend this to anyone."
76561198147868357,Recommended,244850,11527110,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Bloody Face,"LemurWhiskey-11 signing in, This game is the best sandbox game I have ever played! Whether you like blowing stuff up, drilling holes in asteroids, shooting ships into oblivion, its got it all! Survive and build legitly in survival mode, or build to your hearts desire in creative, wheather it be a small fighter ship to a international space station or star destroyer! its your hammer and anvil! do as you please! its your oyster!LimurWhiskey-11 out"
,Recommended,244850,12062924,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Geko L*76G,"If you like not so far future tech, space and building (designing), this game is for you bro.Edit:This game now has:multiplayersurvivalUnlimited WorldsAnd in game programming fore your ships (C Sharp)Edit Edit:Actual PlanetsMany new blocksNew GraphicsNew multiplayer systemsMuch more"
76561198092512483,Recommended,244850,9659190,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Dubbena,I wouldn't pay 15 dollars for it but I already did so...
76561198035785805,Recommended,244850,8688314,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,[CPC] Copper Top,"Good game, it's obvious it's still alpha but it has promise."
,Recommended,244850,8075727,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Deveerox,"My first impression of this game at first was, ""Oh, I can gather resources and build pre-designed ships and fly around gathering more resources to upgrade."" But no, this game is even more creative than I thought. Giving players the ability to create structures and ships, whether large or small, to their own design! And even though this game is in early alpha, I still think it feels like a complete simulator with it's Physics Engine. I really enjoy playing this game, and can't wait for it to be become Multiplayer and for all the updates to come. 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9109833,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lonesome Rhodes,This has destruction space floatyness space  guns space spaceships SPACE! best crashes
,Recommended,244850,8563700,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Little Rocket Man,"Space Engineers is a fun Space game right now....If you love early alphas. If you don't and you want more content then wait. If you can't wait then get it. Unlike most alpha games these guys are doing their job and UPDATING. They do not update dumb things like ""You can now walk left foot first or right."" They update like this ""We have added the Mining Drill and Guns on person and small ships."" This game in its current state is good for playing every now and then. Well until they add multiplayer >:D."
,Recommended,244850,8845843,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[Ex]Ðrew XïX,lolololol funny game
76561198052622387,Recommended,244850,10066523,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Kebabyuchenko,"This game is just superb! Easy to learn, especially for those of us unused to Minecraft. Words escape me. I built a WWII fighter style spaceship and went hurtling about all over space! 11/10"
,Recommended,244850,10945402,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Richie Speed,"I spent countless hours mining, refining, and building parts to create a large ship. After what felt like 10 years, I finally placed the last block of my mothership and prepared for my first test flight.That's when a meteorite came and ripped my ship in half.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,244850,10886849,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jadeskye,Theres a lot of potential here for a build you own game type deal. Very refreshing way to lose a few hours.
,Recommended,244850,9725354,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Kimsemus,"This game is still clearly Alpha, but has a lot of potential. If you're on the fence, get it. Survival mode is VERY addictive."
,Recommended,244850,11208182,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,ManmadePlatypus,Space.
,Recommended,244850,10708250,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lethal_Squ1rtz,Join The Dark Side... We Have Cookies!!! :)   This is not your Grandma's Minecraft lol
,Recommended,244850,10962119,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Shurimoo,"10/10 game, me and a friend ran at each other (actually ran) misjudged our locations, collided, and we both died on impact. I got to watch as his body flew backwards and smacked the opposite side of the station while mine did the same. Excellent.Over the past few days this game has really grown on me and it is really looking good for the future based on my experience.While the game is still in development, at least at the time of this review, it is extremely fun to play. You are given full freedom to build the biggest, most ambitous thing you can think of. The only real limits right now are the time you can invest welding it all together and what your computer can handle. Even without the construction it is extremely satisying to smash two large ships together and watch parts fly off as sections are crushed, mangled, and turned to unrecognizeable chunks: which you can promptly take your welder to and fix right up only to smash them together again!If you enjoy building things via a minecraft-esque system while exploring asteroids for materials, or if you instead just like smashing  stuff together to see how twisted you can make the wreckage then I can definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,244850,10160481,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,killershot101,it may be beta or not but its awesome fun and dangerous survival is tough but also enjoyable would totally recommend for minecraft and terrarria lovers as well as for people who like shooters i hope to see people in game whether friend or foe i hope others enjoy as much as i do the only bad point at this time is that some ores are hard to find and that u cant see very far in the dark while ur lights are on
,Recommended,244850,9744620,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,XPGeek,"A great buy for $14.99. Developers have kept their promise of adding new content! Think of this as Star Citizen, except with actual gameplay elements (weapons, survival, and more) and not just a pretty hanagar to walk around."
,Recommended,244850,10588599,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,timmymonsta,Lot's of fun especially if you have some friends to play with.
76561198103326324,Recommended,244850,10133582,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Buck Swope,TONS OF FUN UPDATES EVERY WEEK WITHOUT DISAPPOINTMENT10/10
,Recommended,244850,13731442,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Itadakimasu,"The game is, at this point, quite amazing. The developers have consistently pushed out one update a week, (friday, in australia) for the Entire year that i've had the game, (Bought it christmas of 2013). Pretty amazing.As of yet there's no real goal, like minecraft pre-ender dragon, but by no means does that detract from the game. If you enjoy building, this is certainly the game for you. I've sunk around 200 hours into it so far, solely creating various spacecraft/stations etc.Definitely worth the price."
76561198053054999,Recommended,244850,7494647,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Godfish11,Looks to be an awsome game having fun with it already and its not even ready yet great early access!
76561198043946756,Recommended,244850,11590229,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ultimate_Tau,"The concept of this game is amazing, it is one of my personal favorites!"
,Recommended,244850,9922203,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Ragnar83,With each update this game gets progressively better and better.  Survival is loads of fun.
76561198036693981,Recommended,244850,9065111,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,d a n c e d o g,This is a pretty fun game. Get it
,Recommended,244850,9828160,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[TSC] DeWaldo,"Brilliant, minecrafr in space!!"
,Recommended,244850,10377229,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Zenethereonix,Oh how far this game has come! I remember when we didn't have weapons! Now we have oxygen! Planets! Solar panels! Battery power! Warheads! Explosions! More explosions! Moons and mayhem. Spiders running across planets surface as the player fights them. Huge fleets shooting eachother. Dogfighting! Everything! This game is truley a dream come true for someone like me. Space! The Final Frontier!... Why are you still reading? Buy the game. Like right now. Stop reading dammit! Buy the game!
76561197977127815,Recommended,244850,11350469,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Kam Solastor,"VERY fun and enjoyable (when you find a good group of people who aren't destroying your stuff as you build >_>). Small ships, big ships, space stations, exploration vessels - you can make anything you can think of!"
,Recommended,244850,11456508,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jew Guy,"I have played this game since March, I personally love it. It is getting better and better, but they need to fix the lag for big, and or complex ships. Overall +support :D"
76561198015383586,Recommended,244850,11190026,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Beezil,"Space Engineers: Early Access Alpha Review - This review is for Alpha build 1.038.013Is This Game for Me?First thing you might ask is, is this game worth getting? That depends on a few things. First and foremost is do you like building games? If you like building games like Minecraft or Terraria and you have a PC that can handle it, then without reservation I can say you’d be crazy NOT to get it.What Kind of Game is It?What is Space Engineers exactly? If I could describe it one sentence I’d say it’s a Newtonian physics based space simulation/voxel-based building/survival game. I’m nearing 400 hours into the game and I’m showing no signs of losing interest any time soon. Those who know me, know there are only two other games I’ve put more than a 100 hours into; Mass Effect 3 and Skyrim. That’s pretty rarified company for an indie developed, $20 game. In Space Engineers you scavenge or mine for resources that you then make into building components with which you use to build stuff. At the same time you have to survive the harsh environment of space.It’s an Alpha!Yes it is an alpha game which nine times out of ten means it’s a buggy mess (more or less) with few features implemented. Not so with Space Engineers. It’s a remarkably stable for an early access game and though the full list of features are far from having been implemented, it already has a very robust feature list that has kept me busy for nearly 400 hours and counting. This doesn’t mean you won’t encounter bugs. You will, but they are very seldom game breaking and the devs have displayed a pattern of working hard to address bugs on a regular basis.Patchmas!!!!What’s Patchmas you ask? It’s something I’ve never seen a dev do. Every Thursday Keen Software House releases an update patch for the game which includes new items, new features  and bug fixes. Unlike other early access games you don’t have to wait for a month or two to get new features and see bugs fixed. With Space Engineers you’ll see something new every single week. That’s right. You heard me correctly. Every week you get new toys to play with in the game. And in between those patches, there are hotfixes that address bugs. So even though the game is far from finished, you’ll see new features added to the game EVERY WEEK. In fact, Keen has been quoted as saying they never want to stop developing the game, even after final release.Game ModesThere are three game modes. First is creative mode which allows you to build things without having to gather resources or worry about survival issues. Everything you build comes into being instantly instead of having to weld it together. You can’t die in creative mode.Second is survival mode which is either solo or you can have your friends come in and help you out. In this mode you must gather resources, make sure don’t die, and deal with hazards. Hazards are probably the most underdeveloped portion of the game presently but that’s definitely a feature in the game that promises to be very interesting once it’s progressed far enough in development.The third mode is PvP with dedicated servers. I have very little experience with this mode as I don’t generally go for that kind of gameplay but from what I’ve seen on the Keen forums, which I monitor regularly, the PvP mode is the mode that is more prone to bugs and is not as far along in development as other modes in the game. Even given that, there’s still a LOT of people regularly playing in this mode. It’s something that very likely will become more awesome as the game progresses, and once it does progress far enough I might even give it a go even though I don’t usually go for PvP.In short, Space Engineers is a game that anyone who likes to build stuff would be crazy not to give a go. If you are one of those people, then pony up $20 and give it a go. I’m betting you won’t be sorry.Edit: I forgot to add that the game already had a dedicated modding community. The AAA SE mod pack is especially awesome. If you get the game, be sure to check it out on the Official Keen Software House forums. You won't be sorry you did."
76561198067789125,Recommended,244850,9334467,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,DïяtySeяgêí,This game is really good for creativty and can be expanded so much more.
,Recommended,244850,9692739,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,gay shit kanker faggot,"This game is an awesome ""space builder"". Survival is quite complicated at first but as soon as you get the hang of it, it's a heck of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,244850,9482109,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,LoCoSerRu,This game ROCKS! With survival mode unleashed this game became masterpiece!
,Recommended,244850,11670578,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Baron,I love this game.10/10 playable till the end.
,Recommended,244850,11151624,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Barney the Dinosaur,A really good game and I am really enjoying it so far!
76561198083705873,Recommended,244850,8753762,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Milk,an epic game and so fun to build the massive space ships cant wait till this game gets finnished
,Recommended,244850,9754092,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Sgt Simple,GET IT NOW
,Recommended,244850,10165151,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,TumorKlitorus,SO BALLING
76561198071229089,Recommended,244850,10645782,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,A Box of Cereal,This game is EXTREMELY creative and just damn fun to play
,Recommended,244850,7891419,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Hoot.avi,"Space Engineers: More than meets the eye.It's so freaking addicting! I know you've probably heard the usual ""it's Minecraft in space..."", but in my own opinion, I think it's even MORE fun, and even MORE addicting than the ol' MC. With the addition of workshop support, scripting, DX11, and upcoming planets, this game is a treasure trove of fun.11/12/2015: PLANETS ARE OUT!!!!"
76561198055960168,Recommended,244850,9922399,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,CHRIS,Really fun!
76561198036236695,Recommended,244850,9884197,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,SophisticRat,"100x better than minecraft, in space, building spaceships, destroying other people's spaceships, what more could you ask?"
,Recommended,244850,9266974,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,"Me, I'm Counting",Would someone on my friends list buy this damn thing. Space is so frickin' lonely...
,Recommended,244850,10875543,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Raousex,Great game!
76561198024476916,Recommended,244850,11616186,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,IronBack,pretty good despite some random bugs
,Recommended,244850,10652461,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kernel Sanders,"This game is a testament to game development, and sick lego physics engines."
76561197967183287,Recommended,244850,10840688,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,littlemason2003,"This game is just awesome. So many possibilities, and it's kind of Minecraft in SPACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!."
,Recommended,244850,9493639,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Raging_German,Its like Minecraft in space. Its an epuc adventure. Everyone should have it!
,Recommended,244850,9163159,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,david,"Great phsyics based game. Multiplayer is a bit buggy right now, but its still fun to see other people's creations"
76561198030511403,Recommended,244850,9679655,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Wumbo the Shipmate,"Space engineers is... The perfect combination of Minecraft Creativity combined with fun with physics we find in games like Garry's mod. Although many early access games have been an amazing waste of time and money, this game offers the player an original and addicting experience. Creative is a lot of fun, but from the survival gamemode I still expect great things (Although not being at all boring). All of you who have not bough this game yet; BUY! BUY! BUUUUUUUY!Edited: 25-6-2015The survival has more than developped into a well run machine. The addition of mods make the experience a lot more fun as well. Besides the fun with physics we are getting more and more options to operate the ship systems. Sensors allow you to automate systems within an area for example. Ingame scripts can be run through Programable blocks.All and all, this game is worth much more than they ask for it. But they won't, because they aren't EA. SPACE ENGINEERS IS LOVE, SPACE ENGINEERS IS LIVE!"
,Recommended,244850,12718893,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Prowler1000,"Extreamly entertaining and highly addictive. If your playing in survival mode, you constantly have to watch how much uranium you have and your suit energy if your mining without a ship. And don't even get me started on the physics, the little rocks you mined float and roll just like they would in real life. The armour distortion is amazing aswell. I would recommend this game to anyone and everyone. This is a must have for all gamers!"
,Recommended,244850,8107523,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Blitzkrieg Krankenvargan,"Josh told me to buy this, and he mentioned it is not the final game so I don't know if I wanted to buy it yet, but he was having so much fun while talking on skype so I had to try it myself.I did not watch anything (videos or tutorials) and just got straight into it. It was god damn hard at first but I have been on it for hours trying to create some small ships to start with. It really does take patience to create a huge ship but its up to you on how it will look.At first, I did crash the ships that already are loaded into the quick-start options and it was so fun to see the pyhsics of the damage the ship had taken, not to mention it was fun to crash a ship into another.I then started to get used to the Camera and how it works, it's hard starting out but you will get used to it.I could ramble on a lot for how much fun you will have playing this just in single-player, yet I think they are releasing multiplayer in an update. This is what I (any I could guess a lot of others) are looking forward too. Gathering resources together, building a station, a huge epic fleet of ships to maybe have a war.I am so looking forward to updates on this game."
,Recommended,244850,9127960,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Pepe,Get this shiznozzle now me buk laus
76561198015359476,Recommended,244850,7854624,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,jimbo8098,Space NASCAR right now. Will be Space Minecraft when all is said and done though! Looks to be shaping up very nice and updates are timely (weekly updates recently)
76561197963892343,Recommended,244850,10933384,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TOS_Orami,"So much to do and it is quite a bit of fun, hopefully survival will get more intense later on, but so far I feel as though I have gotten my moneys worth from the game already and new things are still being added."
76561198011753311,Recommended,244850,11426812,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Long Shanks,"I never write reviews..But for this game its well worth the time to explain how great this game really is. If you liked minecraft and are into space in general this game is great, Quite abit more complex than minecraft and prob alot more fun.As i player of many early access games i say that space engineers is by far the best in terms of updates and the developers actually promising to deliver on fixing bugs, Adding content and listening to its fan base...ALL RARE qualities in early access games.So if space interests you then this game is right up your street and 100% worth the money.Thanks for reading, enjoy...Vildanius"
76561198055636485,Recommended,244850,12426623,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RobotAccomplice,Like space Minecraft with real physics and more guns. 11/10
,Recommended,244850,9888699,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Hess410,Really fun
,Recommended,244850,11458131,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,AnotherMaple,"OK, first off let me say this: If there were a neutral option for this game, I would select it. Let's just get that out of the way now.Space Engineers: A game where, essentially, Minecraft meets asteroids. That's not a bad thing at all. It's actually a pretty awesome thing. The graphics are good, even on low, the ships you can make are AWESOME, and the multiplayer...well, I guess it depends on the server. Here's my big problem...the controls. In the trailer, it showed an engineer flawlessly flying, building, repairing, and moving. This was not my case. The way to rotate parts is very odd making the construction of the epic mothership I have formed in my mind much, much harder. Rotating yourself is a little easier, but still a little clunky (I'm not sure how to describe it.)When, after much deliberation, I made my ship, flying was FANTASTIC. The controls for flight are very simple to grasp, and make the game so much more enjoyable. The only relatively tough part of flying is the landing ""sequence."" Other than that, flying = fun as hell. The destruction of ships is very fun, too. I sometimes start up a new world for the sole purpose of breaking apart ships.If I had to score this game, I would probably give it a 7.5/10. The controls were the main drawback for me. If they were...smoothened (Again, not sure how to explain) then it would be much more fun. However, as of now, Space Engineers is a very average game in my opinion."
76561198044643821,Recommended,244850,8465999,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,jcvetnic00,"awesome, but how do you play multiplayer"
,Recommended,244850,9171863,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Morty,I think this is a good game but there is not so much in it yet it needs more filling and stuff to do gets a bit borring after 20 hours of gameplay but deffently shows potential!
,Recommended,244850,9175869,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ChiefLink or Chill,"Excellent in current form, with huge potential!While the feature set is far from complete, the current experience is wonderful for either creative sci-fi types or people who just like to smash things together.  The way the development is progressing is constant, dogged updates with significant additions in the way of tools and utilities being enabled (including some destructive toys).  The final product doesn't seem clear at this point, but I'm not too bothered by that.  With the amount of play testing and feedback the devs are receiving, I think they can define a strong path and make the game truly unique in the eventual release version."
76561198018847182,Recommended,244850,7834875,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,I'm Old Greg!,"like Minecraft, but in space... looking forward to seeing what they do with it. Hoping for co-op soon."
76561198077450012,Recommended,244850,9889528,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Sloth,"The game is great! I have gotten lonely playing the game, being alone in space is also really creepy but if u have friends who have money get them to get the game as well and u will have fun!"
,Recommended,244850,10509732,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Bosco[Execore],"Space engineers, more like face enginequeers. HAHAHAA"
,Recommended,244850,9690711,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Sinable,"Like Minecraft? Like survival? Like building your empire!? Well if you answered yes to any of these questions, Space Engineers is the game for you! I'm still pretty new, but I know that it has great potential, and is still continuing to grow. Pretty good price for $30.00, and would reccomend to any friend. 7.5/10"
76561198084714338,Recommended,244850,10739009,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,xXDawningSoldierXx,awesome but make sure u have a decently good computer
76561198001826588,Recommended,244850,10660979,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Soloder,"Still in alpha or beta, fun game if you have the time. This game has lots of potential. Best with friends."
76561198070843038,Recommended,244850,8388485,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Crimson Mage,If you guys like minecraft and a space game combined then you will love this game. This game is in Early Access
,Recommended,244850,11008626,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ankoran,"UPDATE (Jan 30, 2015): This game is my new favourite in the library. Everything, plus many more things are added after my purchase and developer is continuing to update it EVERY Thursday without miss. Procedural galaxy (or map, whatever it is) with no boundaries made this a true jewel. I wonder if programming an AI is possible with the in-game coding system :)UPDATE (July 18, 2014): YAY! Batteries!!.. Developer is carefully listening to community and creating the game that players desire. That guy (Marek Rosa) deserves a space ship!.. really... I mean it! :)ORIGINAL ENTRY (July 2, 2014): Think of this game as a Minecraft in space. But with more in depth simulation and lethality.You can build any kind of ship or vessel as you like. You can even give them some useful roles to help you in your harsh quest for survival. Make them mining vessels and they will crush those asteroids to bits, allowing you to get minerals and raw ores faster. Or if you have enough materials, build a ship with welders to help you build that massive capital ship faster! If you think your old ships need salvaging or scrapping, add grinders to it and it will become a ship dismantler!The game has many different startup scenarios both in survival and creative mode. Something for everyone. You can get confused by the UI or HUD at first, but it becomes familiar over time. Game lacks a proper tutorial or detailed help because it is still in development. But you can find vast amount of information from the community and wiki site. A little tip for begineers: If you start to play survival, try to find an uranium deposit ASAP. Everything is dependent on it!I'll give it 9/10 points overall and definitely suggest it to anyone that loves creativity based games. In my opinion, this price is acceptable for such game. (Let's be honest lads!)As far as I played, I never encountered any bugs. My gaming rig only slowed down while the resolution is set to 1920x1080 fullscreen. I don't know the reason, but playing the game in windowed mode solved that, and I'm playing in windowed mode since then. Not too much of a problem if you ask me...""If only there were batteries or battery blocks (that can be charged with electricity) that are reusable over and over!"""
76561198079506617,Recommended,244850,9884954,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Pinochet,"Would really recommend this game. It's really awesome in it's minecraft-style spaceship building and even tho it is an early access you already have a lot of variaty in things you can build. and if you are still not convinced, THIS GAME HAS TURRETS AND ASSAULT RIFLES."
,Recommended,244850,9978676,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,shogeki,"Space is a cold, unforgiving place.  This is the world that waits for you in Space Engineers, a voxel-based sandbox game similar to Minecraft but with enough twists to mark its own territory in the genre.In Space Engineers, you must temper the harsh realities of space with a limited set of tools:  A space suit that lasts only a few minutes before requiring a recharge, a set of construction tools (Welder, Grinder, and Drill), and perhaps a space station or ship to keep you alive with scant Uranium fuel.  To last more than a couple of hours, you must find more fuel, via mining ore, which must be put through a refinery before it can be used.  Without Uranium, you can't make more, so making a mistake will cost you your life - and if your ship runs out of fuel - may cost you your progress.  Beyond basic survival, the stars are the limit.  You have your choice of producing the parts for and constructing small ships, large ships, or space stations.  The latter two cost an incredible amount of resources but are strangely satisfying to slave away welding together 2.5 metre blocks of steel for hours on end.  Time invested mining can be minimized with construction of a mining ship and a base to properly refine your ore.Though scarcely an Alpha version, Space Engineers is an incredibly fun and rewarding experience, but as such you must be willing to put up with occasional glitches and clunky multiplayer."
,Recommended,244850,11176918,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Preowned,"It is good fun, good sandbox game, and survial mode is fun.Active dev means I can wait to see how this game gets better."
,Recommended,244850,7543332,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,TwistedLogic,"Every single time I put this game down thinking I'm done for a bit, I think of another interesting thing I can build and test out and have to load the game back up and start testing it. A new ram, different shape ships, a new mechanism that could work just so or something really daft like a small ship made almost entirely out of small warheads. At the moment, multiplayer is just single player with more people, but that works. Things are made infinitely more fun with the inclusion of other people and Space Engineers is no different. For those of you waiting to get SE when multiplayer was added, now is your chance.-:Update:-New survival mode is awesome. Crafting can be a bit daunting at first, but once you get the hang of it, it all comes together and makes even the simplest construction feel fantastic! The lack of objectives in single player survival might put some off, but the multiplayer survival is going to be great co-op or versus fun :D-:Update number 2:-Ok, having limited things and trying to create complicated things by using those really limited simple things was really good fun right? Space Engineers is still good, don't get me wrong, but sandbox games always seem to do this; they take those really complex ideas people have... and simplify them. They simplify them, cram them into an in-game, single, EASY item... and make it boring. Previously, if you wanted a door, you built one. You set up rotors, maybe even pistons in the later iterations, connector blocks, convoluted processes to do the simplest things. Now, you place a door block. Job Done. No challenge, no creativity. Slap a block down, wham! instant door.Personally, this turns things dull for me, but if you like this kind of thing, definitely check out SE as it has only been made better in that respects. This has been a fantastic game from the beginning."
,Recommended,244850,9676595,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Killerzman121,This Game is good but better then minecraft build craft Explore this game overall is good.
,Recommended,244850,8748503,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,¬°Apples 'n' Bananas,"This game, although in Alpha, has one of the best physics I've ever seen in a game. The dev team works hard for the updates, and the community eagerly waits for them. The last few upates have gotten us hyped about survival and the begining steps for multiplayer. All-around a fun game for creative thinkers, and sure to attract many more."
76561197970412870,Recommended,244850,12101742,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,HavocLP,2nd most played game on my list with over 400 hrs played !! Get it. Build it. Crash it. DO IT AGAIN !!!!!
,Recommended,244850,9690207,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Erumeldir,"Bit laggy for me, but that's my computer. Great game so far."
76561197992084657,Recommended,244850,7837454,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,UQ ibis,"Extremely well planned and thought of.Countless, infinite possiblities to creations.Actual logistics and thinking is required to create an effective craft (e.g rationing the mass to power, etc)CANT WAIT FOR MULTIPLAYER GAMEPLAY."
,Recommended,244850,8613471,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Voodoo,"Truly a fun game, Very few allow you to explore your imagination like this one."
,Recommended,244850,7731354,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,DL_Drill.NB,"Space Engineersis amazing in many ways, I myself have played this many times (maybe not in the survival mode), where I'd either download mods, download maps or might build my own creations instead. Eitherway, this game sucks the creativity and time right out of your hands. You'll find yourself looking at the clock, wondering how you could sit for such a long time in front of the computer, without realizing daylight was gone.Story -/10 (There's none)Soundtrack 7/10Atmosphere 7/10Scenery 6/10Characters -/10 (There's none)Graphics 8/10Overall 7/10A creativity/survival based game, neither focused on story or action"
,Recommended,244850,9729708,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,GuyWithApplePie,A great space based game.Full physics and is quickly developing a great survival mode!Highly suggest buying!
,Recommended,244850,11411391,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kauppias,i crashed my ship into asteroid and my ship got destroyed.11/10
,Recommended,244850,10532817,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kinectech,"This game is AMAZING! It's so fun to build ships and crash them, and survival really adds a great feel to the game. So stop sitting here reading reviews! Pull out your wallet and hand it over! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,244850,9933761,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,I am Calvin,"Now with wheels, we can conquer not only the skies, but the ground as well!"
,Recommended,244850,8265610,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Guapo@flatEarthSociety.org,SPAAAAAAAAAAACE!
,Recommended,244850,10936298,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LoaderSaints,"Space, empty space. That is all you need for a good game. In Space Engineers you can build your own starships or try to survive in harsh environments. Actually you can even do them both at the same time! I really recommend this game for everyone who love starships and building them. Also play with friends to multiply the fun! Great even in alpha."
,Recommended,244850,9669358,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Spade,Amazing game that everybody should play.
,Recommended,244850,10327975,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Moyku,GG
,Recommended,244850,11822458,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,flowenots,"This game is a good fit for any ages. Fun to play whether you like shooting things, build in space or mine asteroids. Many users have mentioned that the game is addicting, I have to agree, having several hundred hours spend engineering this virtual space. You don't need an engineering degree to make wonders, just some imagination. Try your skill surviving the space around you or be creative in creative mode. Must have game for any block builder out there!"
76561198129237321,Recommended,244850,9803745,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Liddle_E,already really fun in earlty alpha stage!
76561198062017510,Recommended,244850,9251426,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,MAJESTICxPEQUOD,All I'm Going To Say Is Wow........You Must Get This Game.....
,Recommended,244850,9740245,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,relliken,"Bast game ever!!!I personaly think this game is better then Minecraft, and I love Minecraft.....  Heck i haven't touched Minecraft in 2 months since I got this game."
,Recommended,244850,8958987,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Ruger,"Space Engineers, despite the bland title, offers a nearly contless number of creations ranging from a small fighter or mining drone to the most sophisticated multipurpose structure man has ever dreamed of. I'd say this is a good game to play with friends as things can get pretty hilarious when you manage to put ten rocket launchers on a fighter the size of your household toaster, or if you're a more serious type you can build and crew an entire multi-deck starship. Or perhaps you're not much for multiplayer and just want to go solo which can also be a truly fascinating experience. Any way you play it, this game is definitely worth the fifteen dollars."
76561198116492961,Recommended,244850,11673118,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Tarfun,"This game started out as better than what i was expecting... Then it became great, then amazing. A Damn good game to buy, far better than many i have bought so far.The ability to mod with ease as well as download other people's maps ensures that if your skills at constructing space craft doesn't live up to expectation, you can still fly beautiful looking craft.The graphics are amazing with smooth animations, a bit laggy on slow computers but probably great on a beefed up machine.The best thing, however, must be the regular updates, the guys here sure are commited to making a truly fantastic gameOh, and the damage engine is perfect :)"
,Recommended,244850,9159347,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,MasterPlum,it just ♥♥♥♥in Aaaaaaawesome!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,13748151,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Extramrdo,Do you like crashing things? Do you like NOT crashing things? Both playstyles are catered to.
,Recommended,244850,11178178,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Reich Wing,Amazing creation game similar to minecraft except with fantastic physics! WORTH A BUY!
,Recommended,244850,23112597,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Briffeon,"Love this game, its really awesome and the modding community behind it is brilliant to!"
,Recommended,244850,10824872,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CanadiansEh,I've had loads of fun on the game recently by sending Nukes and using my battleship fleet to dominate anyone who gets in my way :)
76561198026666328,Recommended,244850,13537752,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Detroying_yo,"This game is sweet! If you love building things and really want to imagine up designs for cool space ships, than this is the game for you! It is still in alpha, so Im not too worried about this, but the only complaint I would have is that I feel on survival mode there should be like space pirates that just come and attack you at random, but who knows, maybe they are working on that too! My brother loves it too, but he feels there should be something like living quarters, similar to minecraft with that. Other than those, I cant think of anything else that isn't just awesome!"
,Recommended,244850,11606674,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Bubsy,"this game is really cool! BUT dont get it if you dont want to support it. its lacking alot of things, just give the developers time."
,Recommended,244850,11785232,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Gryphmyzer,"I absolutely love this game. Great game, growing community, and I'm proud to own it. Wonderful mechanics, gamemodes... All in all rounded out, with a unique physics engine. Getting this was a great buy. The game devs are very productive on a regular basis, and we have exciting updates on a regular basis. Steam Workshop allows for community modding support in the best of ways, and all in all, I'm proud to own it."
,Recommended,244850,10369485,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Spect3R,Space engineers is a really fun experience and you will not regret purchasing this. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a new experience.
,Recommended,244850,8328574,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,CH33K$KLAPPA420S3X69,Great game
76561198071684848,Recommended,244850,9341632,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Bird,super cool
76561198004773168,Recommended,244850,9811603,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ironoak,"Space Engineers brings to the table everything I wished Minecraft had. Being able to create objects in a setting is one thing. Being able to create objects in a sruvival setting is another thing. What Space Engineers does for the creative/survival sandbox genre is the freedom of utilizing your creations to solve complex problems in the context of early space exploration. If you love stretching your critical thinking and problem solving abilities, then look no further. This game is only in Alpha, and it's running better than most released games. You can drive your creations around, people. You can fly them, crash them, repair them, modify them, dodge asteroids in them, send them careening into space when you lose power! Add to that the willingness of the Devs to add community suggested changes to the game, and I can't wait to watch how this one evolves."
,Recommended,244850,10269283,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,SaltySeabiscuit,"Worth Every penny! constant updates with bug-fixes, new items, and other fun things. The Possibilities are endless with this game!"
76561198029696381,Recommended,244850,11118630,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,AcedFox,"For those that love sandbox games, but with tons of more dynamics to it.It can be as easy as you want, or as hard as the cold of space is. With all the known laws of space and mass.With every update It's getting a little bit better. certainly a game to keep an eye on."
,Recommended,244850,10080257,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lenny,"This game is great for people who enjoy building things, exploring and intense battles"
76561197997718285,Recommended,244850,7479911,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Alexanderito,"Нет слов) Я обожаю космос. Кто любит космос, поиграй) посоветую всем эту игру!!!"
,Recommended,244850,12309194,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Imbecile Nerd,In love with this game. Wish more friends would get into it so we can multiplayer it up in survival.
76561198083915434,Recommended,244850,12458024,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The Traveler,SO MUCH FUN WITH FRIENDS
,Recommended,244850,12455776,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SlimWanderer,It's a great sandbox game. I really enjoy playing it.
,Recommended,244850,12596373,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,xzosimusx,"This is truly one of the most engrossing games I have ever played! There are so many opportunities to build lots of different  ships and machines (using pistons and rotors among other things). The game style is similar to minecraft with the building aspects, but also includes modern graphics, physics (playing with gravity generators is super fun) and a full destruction engine. Also the modding community is alive and kicking with many many different blocks and new mods for the game under development.The gameplay is quite smooth for an early access game. Patches come out weekly and new features are constantly being added (but that is coming to an end in the near future as they have included nearly all intended features at this point). Some bugs are expected and present but that's what you get for an Early Access game. If you do not like bugs, wait for the full release!"
76561198112304952,Recommended,244850,11137695,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,6 Meter kuk,"I love the game! I recommend this game! I love how you can build your own ships and also pvp, nonpvp, and also mine! I do say that it has got very laggy and people grief nongriefing servers. This happened to me when I was offline, my friend was on and had the server public and then this punk came on and blew everything up! We were lucky to save my big ship! But I find it hard to make a large ship that can transport little ships without blowing parts off the little ship! I think you should add a laser! Well I say if this game had a rating between 1 and 10 it would be a 10! (1 meaning bad and 10 meaning awesome!) Great game and keep it up!"
,Recommended,244850,19417290,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Rocketman,"Best space sandbox survival/build game in the galaxy. And now with planets, it's better then ever."
,Recommended,244850,9737306,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Space Teddie Cookie Man,"Game can be good, just be warned since there are no deticated servers, you gotta rely on your peeps computer to run the 'world' well so can play with little lag. Other than that, Pretty good, needs some issues fixed but over all good."
76561198070412224,Recommended,244850,9801787,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Forett,"One of the best games I Have played in a while! Needs to be optimized though, Runs really hot."
76561198054116771,Recommended,244850,22376554,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,DeibittoHeinzu,I recommend this really good game.
76561198073473719,Recommended,244850,8761227,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,InvictusTotalis,"Space Engineers is one of the best indie games I have played in a long time, i fully recomend this game to all of my friends!"
,Recommended,244850,13256300,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Sleepyhead,"This is the most incredible game I've ever played. Still being in alpha means it has a long ways to go but the dev team has been working at an incredible pace. They release new features and bug fixes every Thursday for over a year now. While not every update, but frequently the additions are better than anything the community was expecting.In addition the game for ample and very fluid mod integration. While the Mod API is still currently in it's infancy, more parts of the game engine are continuously being given interfaces as the team has time to safely expose them."
76561198092300481,Recommended,244850,9905057,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,nikihulliger,best game ever
,Recommended,244850,11278501,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[̲̅i][̲̅c][̲̅e],such a good game very fun
,Recommended,244850,18109222,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,cewak,atheism
,Recommended,244850,11628286,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,oats,"My Favorite game on steam! 10 out of 10 for sure. I would recomend this to anyone for many reasons. For all you explosion loving people, this game has alot of booms. The creativity that it takes to make a nice looking ship, takes some time of looking at other designs.Surviving the threats of an ocasoinal meteor shower make it thrilling knowing if you base can defend itself while you are off mining. Some issues in the game, but very few.Multiplayer: The multiplayer is very well for its current state. Time to time there is a little game lag on the saves but thats nothing much.Community: This game has soo much support! The modding community is insane on what people are doing, the mods are better than the original items. There are so many worlds(ships, bases, arenas, machines, etc) for you to explore.Performence: This game definatly needs a good computer to run. I keep everything on high do to my computer but it can lag when looking at very large ships.Extra: You are going to need to have some custom keys for this game. Get alot of mods!Overall this is my personal favorite id give it a 15 out of 10. Get it its worth the cost for hours of fun"
,Recommended,244850,9233792,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Luis Felipe,"Muito bom!!! Divertidissimo, e o modo co-op eh joia!"
,Recommended,244850,9711346,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Rexfix,"Most excellent game!!  My first hour of playing was captivating.  Had to write a review to recommend game.  Can't believe the game is still in it's early stages.  Even though the game is complex, it's easy to understand and very user friendly.  The design and feel of the game is smooth and responsive.  A game that makes you use your brain and entertains at the sametime.  Buy it while it's cheap.  It's just going to get better and better."
,Recommended,244850,9820153,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,NinesThousand,"I'm amazed by how much they've done with this game so far (: Its already very fun and alot of stuff to do in creative mode. Survival mode on the other hand while functional isn't something I found myself investing much time into at the moment. Definitely alot of stuff to build like in minecraft only there is physics around everything including gravity, damage and how you can build pretty much any kind of spaceship you want."
,Recommended,244850,11648099,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ImproperSandwich,"In it's current state 8/11/14 something is wrong with it. I have enjoyed this game on a daily basis and the last 3 or 4 updates I have not been able to enjoy due to excessive lag, frame rate drop, and unplayable multiplayer. I encounter similar issues in single player, but not as severe. I am sure that these issues will be solved and the game will be playable again, so for that I give it a thumbs down. This game without the very recent issues and despite my machine being well over the recommended settings and still not being able to handle this game without terrible frame rate lag on a low resolution at minimum settings since recent updates, is a great game. I enjoyed it quite often prior to these events and would like to see it excell. After they figure out what is going on and fix the situation, then I can continue to recommend this game.EDIT: Sorry I forgot to ever edit this, but yes, the main issues are resolved. The last three updates have been nothing but optimization and bug fixing and it is great."
,Recommended,244850,7616371,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Sporical,"I can't describe how much this game is pure awesome! The destruction physics, building ships to your likeing, and some other cool features make this game amazing, and its only in alpha! (well as I write this) I think this game has some SERIOUS potential for amazing things that will flip your world upside down! Can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,244850,10050359,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,MaruChhun,"This game is so fun. All you do is either play survival or creative, survival has settings that you can hange to your liking as well as creative. In survival you just get minerals to build defenses or ships. Creative it is in the name creative do whatever you want without going through all the process with the mineng, refining, and assembling, its just a click and build mode."
76561197979095986,Recommended,244850,9203488,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sgt. Rock,"legos in space...with your friends....that you caan magnetize, mine, weaponize, drive, fly, crash and break....... hell yes!"
,Recommended,244850,10773770,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,» Å.Ð.¡.Ð.Å.$. « GΞЯмλn X,After 64 Hours I can tell that this is the Best Early Access on the market. Bugs getting fixed in a turn of at least once per week. Developers work hand in hand with community. For me easily the best Eearly Access Game of 2014! Keep up the good work.
,Recommended,244850,9243569,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Groosey,A nice little sandbox
,Recommended,244850,11893685,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,BobTheSlug,"i love, this game, a bit technical but thats what i love about it. if you think your PC cant run it, its fineword of advice engineer to engineers, dont start building ships straight away, add onto the default ships, its much easier."
,Recommended,244850,8706247,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Marty20k,This space sandbox game has great potential and I cannot wait to play more of it
76561198049449657,Recommended,244850,8891530,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Oakeshott,"Hours of fun building, flying (and crashing!) spaceships. Great game, and its not even finished!"
76561197980677873,Recommended,244850,10135216,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Rekt,Minecraft in space +guns n♥♥♥♥♥♥ active devs
,Recommended,244850,13423602,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Unreal_Ripper,"well made, and good fun. someone else buy it so i can kill you! ;p"
76561197998106470,Recommended,244850,10047691,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,PsychMonkey,Minecraft.... IN SPACE!!
76561198111220242,Recommended,244850,8967151,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ichoscker_Flux,"This game is good so far and it'll be much more than a "" good game "" after development.The game may hold a few bugs but, other than that it's a "" good game ""."
76561197965489502,Recommended,244850,10197290,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,(SFC) Captain Binarius,"Although i am writing this review while it is still in Early Access, which i usually do not do. After playing 22 hours of this game, i feel i can say that it has alot of potential.The company has my support, with the ability to churn out weekly updates, which are not only bug fixes but also include either core mechanics/upgrades to the system or other new additions which allow a much more desirable experience.With-in its current state you already have alot of freedom with the ability to play in a creative world where you can enjoy creating massive structures and trying out new ideas or survival mode where you must gather materials and construct your ships/stations/weapons and components. All of this with the ability of multiplayer on both modes.That brings me to another point, the fact they have added multiplayer so early on in development, means they can get a look at how it will run and optimize it from the ground up. Each new mechanic which is added will also be able to be integrated into a multiplayer world both in optimization and enjoyability. Doing this later on would cause alot more issues as say they developed a mechanic into the system then added multiplayer and found that mechanic is not compatible with the way it runs into a multiplayer server, they would have to re-write the whole mechanic from ground up. Doing it this way means they can be more productive and work out the bugs early on.  Kudos to you.I definantly reccomend buying this game and supporting the developers, there is also a wonderful modding community already! Check it out and i hope to see you on an asteroid somewhere!"
76561198064770186,Recommended,244850,12946728,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Just_call_me_RAW,"Excellent game. If you like games like: Minecraft, starbound, terraria, or any creation games you will love this! They have updates every thursday and the modding community and support is outstanding."
,Recommended,244850,10577393,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bad Sniper 2.0,"Build ships and stations, mine minerals, and survive in space.  Puts you on edge, knowing that your suit power slowly decreases, bringing you closer to death unless you do something.Great to play with friends."
,Recommended,244850,9825274,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,~FknRusteh~,"The transition between Space and Planets is 10/10. The amount of complexity that stacks up because of the Planets is overwhelming and makes the Game a challenge, which I love, if plantets had Animals like birds then the atmosphere of the planets would be great, and maybe with a Background Ambience song playing :P"
,Recommended,244850,10735311,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Magnatriplix,EPIK
76561198069784232,Recommended,244850,9818766,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,BaffledWhisky,Very good game and its only in Alpha!!!
,Recommended,244850,19412378,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Entersprite,"Even if it's an alpha game, it's already better than any other AAA space sand-box games.I can totally risk to say that it will be the game of the decade in sand-box category. If it's not already."
,Recommended,244850,8808145,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Rylo704,"love what you guys at keen are doing! this was absolutely worth the investment. thank you for keeping us up to date and providing an outstanding service. i've already bought your game Space Engineers but if theres anything i can do to help such as a donation system to further development and the employment of your staff i would be more than happy to helpBRAVO Keen Software House! you guys rock, and i cant wait to what you release in the future!"
,Recommended,244850,13428201,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,KRAKER--ZO,over 9000
76561198055987279,Recommended,244850,7479486,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Lizzarruss,I'm not even going to write a recommendation. You're just  going to buy this.
76561198079773629,Recommended,244850,9876827,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Aurélien (Eric),"For those with a killer PC and a love for sandbox/future/minecraft+starwars style games, I would say, get the game, it's worth the money!Features include:1.)Minecraft(?) type surival where you start with very little and gather and use the resources of the environment around you to build up fortresses and vehicles in your vision and style (Free time required to progress). This mode is surprisingly very fun to accomplish with a team of friends and/or dedicated players, gathering resources, constructing, and helping eachother progress as a whole (Good, reliable friends required).2.) an engine built to handle physics and destruction, such as crashing ships into other ships with metal crushing mechanics, and/or to have dogfights in space in organized multiplayer lobbys3.) Multiplayer (With unfortunately very laggy with servers unable to run without the presence of the host, hopefully this will be fixed in the future) features, such as dogfights (mentioned earlier) and/or survival with friends (mentioned earlier).Note that this game is still in alpha/beta, new features and improvements are to come soon! Also, the developer is partially open to suggestions.Space Engineers Youtubers include: Laststandgamers, VideoSage, Space Engineers (Developer channel), Brad Phusion, etc."
,Recommended,244850,25089725,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lapiz,"This game has a lot of potential, if it gets developed further and gets optimized a bit better I can see this become insanely good."
,Recommended,244850,9471403,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Grumpy_Gordon,"Great game, everyone should get it :D"
76561198101362986,Recommended,244850,24796594,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,bhatz829,This is an amazing game. But make sure you are a bit above the minimum requirements. It gets laggy fast once the physics models start flying around.
,Recommended,244850,24799598,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,GREYHOUND,"This is one of the best games I've played by far!It's easy to learn things in it, and when you get the hang of things: It's even better to play!"
76561198070690856,Recommended,244850,14091740,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Wolfenstien,"This game is quite unfinished and a bit buggy, however, it shows great potential and i love it.In short great game."
76561198078822955,Recommended,244850,10245053,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,✩Firestar,This game is a bit of Minecraft but in Space i do recommend this.
,Recommended,244850,14843043,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Pringles,"Space EngineersAn amazing space game to create space ships, have fun and be happy!New to this game or find it hard how to make or use a ship? There are many player made guides, tutorials and levels based on how to play!"
,Recommended,244850,10617257,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,E-Man,This is the space game I wish I had as a kid.
76561198102873033,Recommended,244850,19238278,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,DK_Gameplay,"This game is very creative and learn us something more than only ""build witch blocks"".Like for everyone in the studio 👍"
76561198032376277,Recommended,244850,29594639,Posted: 30 January,all,Hobo In A Suit,"Post in two parts: Message to KSH/Marek, and a review/endorsement./// @ the Devs, Marek, KSH ///Hi Keen Software House!I LOVE YOU GUYS for making this game. However, I know how tired most of you devs must be by now, working on this title for so long. I know from experience as a mixed creative and technical guy the fatigue from working on a project for so long. Just know that you have a huge following, eventhough a majority of this following does not log in every day, or even every week. Look at the bump in players you had when planets were introduced; amazing!In any case; remember we are all rooting for you in creating this awesome survival/sandbox/scripted campaign multiplayer-driven game. (Yes, Marek; Multiplayer is focal here for the majority of us. Multiplayer is not just a feature! It's 2017 :P)/// Review & Endorsement ///I have thousands of hours into Minecraft, yet I always disliked that everything was stuck to a grid. In this game, there's dynamic voxel terrain, and there's grids of blocks. Separate, physical, grids of blocks. Blocks with their own physical behaviours too, such as rotors, thrusters, wheels with suspensions, pistons, connectors (connect grids). There's 'crafting', there's a survival mode that honestly does still need fleshing out, and most importantly there is the cluster♥♥♥♥ of blocks that you can put together in an infinite amount of ways that'll create anything you set your mind to creating; from orbital bombers to scripted guided missiles, defender drones, mining ships, racing ships, friggin' lunar buggies, carrier ships, ALL THE SHIPS, and even stuff like tabletop games and♥♥♥♥♥♥And next to all that you have a new scenario-maker that is the best 'build your own game'-game with ever better control over ever better AI. Yes, yes, and more yes. The potential is great, and as of right now is already much fun, if not for the buggy multiplayer and occasional physics screw-up."
76561198041722340,Recommended,244850,9437897,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Pickled Rick,"few bugs, buts its still early for the game. but one of the best building sims ive ever played. 5 star"
76561198028292891,Recommended,244850,9578493,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Circulum Decima,Feels too complicated now. Not my cup of tea but still not a bad game.
76561197991091327,Recommended,244850,10927678,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Tanith Sarkon,Lots of fun.  You get to build your own ships and stations and very customizable.
76561198079310063,Recommended,244850,10915557,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cripton_Jag,One of the best Space conditions Simulator game.
76561198008259826,Recommended,244850,19178603,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheDog,"after about 20 hours in, i gotta say its pretty fun. putting together your own ship is pretty cool and gives a nice sense of accomplishment. the possibilities in this are pretty awesome so i look forward to getting more time under my belt. def. recomment this!"
,Recommended,244850,14311803,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Fidget Spinner,"I love this game especially the survival. But could be better routing of items and item transport, whitelisting and blacklisting  and so on."
76561198012708249,Recommended,244850,10235112,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Gas Masked Penguin,great game even though unfinished
,Recommended,244850,7558567,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,xSoulRipperx,"This game is still on alpha [3/11/2013] and it's better than i tought, the game is so addicting even you can only play Sandbox mode at the moment, so your only objective is to build, build and build. But you are freely to make whatever you want, and as this game as physx, you can crash your space ship on another and see the huge damage it will take. I recommend to play this game as you can help the devs with opnions as it inst even finished."
76561198082565615,Recommended,244850,12453210,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Little Stag,"Great fun to play with friends! A little hard to understand at first, but after playing for a few hours you quickly grasp the controls and it becomes even more enjoyable!"
,Recommended,244850,11815678,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,BigfootRAWR,"Can't go wrong with Space Engineers, one of the best building sims out there today.  If you like pvp,pve, building this is the game for you!   Devs update it every week with new fixes and added things to build.  I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,244850,9589541,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Kneth,I'm In Space!
76561198056156998,Recommended,244850,9918363,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,purplelegs,Yep
76561198039227775,Recommended,244850,9913683,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Dr. Gonzo,10/10 Forget to refill suit energy. Die on your own farts. Would play again.
,Recommended,244850,9246894,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Auzre,"If you like Starmade or building stuff in space, Look no father this is your savior."
,Recommended,244850,9078898,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Father Hobo,Well its a good game. Thats all I can say ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,244850,9102438,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,The Dank Shepard,"Space Engineers is a pretty fun game (especially for creative type of people). there are small things that I hope will be added like tethering so you don't float away (or somthing that can hold you still since it can be difficult to make something in detail when you are just floating around). I think that currently it's strongest point is the destruction of the ships and stations (the videos on the store page shows the destruction pretty well). They've also implemented mining which seems kinda useless at the moment but you can dig your way through a asteroid so it's not all bad alternatively you can just attach a reocket launcher to one of your ships a blast your way through which seems to be much faster. The best features so far are just mostly what they've had in it for a while; crashing ships and building stations/ships. I also forgot to mention that there is currently multiplayer and it works well since you jsut have to create a custom game and select either offline, open, friends or private, it's much better multiplayer. 9/10 purely because playing alone isn't as fun as multiplayer (not complaining)"
76561198042287075,Recommended,244850,9347277,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,mishe,john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden
76561197986962661,Recommended,244850,8737160,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Chen,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious and fun and its only an Alpha! Plus the graphics and engine is amazing
,Recommended,244850,8758594,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,gurkeNsalat,Great game.Awesome how realistic everything is. Space Engineers definitly has a great potential to be one of the best space simulation games ever made. If you like space games and minecraft this is the thing for you!
,Recommended,244850,7870678,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,FacelessCog,"If you enjoyed Minecraft and you're a fan of sci-fi, this is your chance to get in on the ground floor of something awesome.  If you were around in the beginning of Minecraft, you know that those who purchased the game early on, during the alpha, were rewarded by getting it at a cheaper price than it would eventually and the chance to enjoy it from the get-go.Well, meet Space Engineers.  People have called it ""Minecraft in Space""...and they wouldn't necessarily be wrong, but that also doesn't fully describe what's going on here.  Sure, it's a voxel based sandbox in space, but the cubes that are pretty much your only option when it comes to construction in Minecraft are just one of many building blocks in Space Engineers.  Half blocks, corner blocks, window grates, pillars, armor plating, etc...these are just some of the construction blocks.  But, on top of all that, you must then consider adding power, propulsion, lighting, tools, gravity generators, gyros and anything else you think your craft or station might need.Even though it is still quite early in Alpha, you can already tell that this game is going to be something special.  If you even think that you might like something like this, you'd be missing something special if you didn't get in on this game."
,Recommended,244850,8846858,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DragoXD,"I made a ship, removed a block and the entire thing exploded. 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,8026225,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,nort li te,A creative game
,Recommended,244850,8776294,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TheRightAngle,"An amazingly fun and creative game to get into, I'd reccomend it to anyone interested in voxel based games and space adventures!"
,Recommended,244850,8776331,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,KingsmanShire,10/10 would blow up asteroids again
,Recommended,244850,7661398,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,CHINCHILA,Awesome game for Alpha release! highly reccomended if you like engineering.. in SPACE.
,Recommended,244850,9719276,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,♥Floofy Bellus♥,The best space sandbox game out there
,Recommended,244850,7976186,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,C:\,Lovely. Just Lovely.
76561198024560795,Recommended,244850,9503201,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,CapnSostre,Get the game!
,Recommended,244850,10895934,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Flasheno07,i have no idea what i am doing...
,Recommended,244850,9704913,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,[3K] Dank Matter,"Great game!Huge potential, love the weekly updates. The binding to the community is amazing!"
,Recommended,244850,9181701,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,FlipfLop,Amazing design opportunities coupled with a great damage system make this game one of the best creative games out there and all while in Alpha development. As the game progresses I can only see it getting better.
,Recommended,244850,9580524,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Talbor Von Smid,Pretty cool♥♥♥♥♥minecraft in space game. MP is hilarious and the destruction is cool as hell. Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥do0dz
,Recommended,244850,10998453,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,srpsku kikore mcblyat,>drive your ship into others>sacrifice yourself>become a space terrorist10/10 would play againupdate:>went from one of the best early access games to one of the worst ones out there.10/10 would uninstall again
,Not Recommended,244850,25799914,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Johnny Tsunami,In its current state I cannot suggest for anyone to purchase the game.When Space engineers first came out it was one of my favorite games and had so much potential but it seems every new update breaks the game even more.Multiplayer is pretty much unplayable and the game needs to be optimized very badlyHopefully by the time it actually releases these problems will be fixed but im starting to lose hope
76561198040011137,Not Recommended,244850,25759981,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Greginald,"There's a lot of potential in this game. Just a quick peek at the workshop is enough to convince some people to buy this game, and Ive sunk many hours into the game experimenting with highly customized ships and diverse mods.Despite that, there are some things holding this game back that really detracted from my enjoyment and resulted in my recommendation to avoid this game.Mainly, poor optimization. Ive played single player and made numerous ships and stations, and each save game gets increasingly unplayable as I go. Framerate drops occur within an hour of playing and continue to decline. I can only put a dozen hours into a world before I'm forced to start over, unless constantly destroy old stuff as I go. And if you use mods, the same problems occur, at a much greater rate.Long-term goals and achivements haven't really been implemented, so there isn't much reason to play survival aside from increasing the time and difficulty it takes to build anything.The game has also been in EA for three years and I'm unsure how well development will continue. I do think it's worthwhile keeping an eye on this, however."
,Recommended,244850,14761784,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Kingfish,Güzel oyun ama ingiliççe
,Recommended,244850,11367506,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bongle,I Payed 20 dollars for this game and its laggy D: make it fster and ill love it
,Recommended,244850,23559764,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Trozzo,"The game have some serious limits, and at this point for an experienced player like I am it's becoming daunting to play.Grid's compatibility issues are in since day one. You percieve that the game offers almost everything to do (for example) an arm that hook your small fighter and stores autonomously it into your hangar... but in game, once built, what you get trying to let it work as it should is a nice explosion with both ship's damaged and some bad words over you monitor after a couple of hours of work and attempts.You can build almost everything that looks closer to your sci-fi immaginario but... it works 50% of the time. That's a fact and THIS is the part I don't like of this game. For me it's the most annoying element.In the second part of 2016 will be released on the Steam platform many other similar sandbox probably with the same features but that looks like a game released this year instead of what Space Engineers effectively IS, a game released 3 years ago, that looks like a game of 3 years ago because Keen's Software House believed that the modding part of the Steam Workshop could fill the gap.Well, since the entire community is 80% oriented as vanilla fundamentalism due to the fact that these mod's are heavy to load and you need a beefy pc to run this game in single or multiplayer as-is, figure out how horrible could be with mod's too... well do the math on why effectively players (with at least more the 100h of playtime) slowly switch to vanilla only builds.And guess what? Vanilla blocks are there since probably 2 years ago... so what you get with the same amount of blocks is probably the same kind of ship. Since I was just building ship's in creative mode with 2k hours on my seat I know what I'm talking about.Still the best sandbox sci-fi building box in Steam... but soon, things will change. And I don't see any good news on the horizon for Space Engineers."
,Recommended,244850,10666778,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Xenu,"Epic game, a must buy for anyone who keeps playing with redstone in Minecraft."
76561198272473594,Recommended,244850,31672797,Posted: 10 May,all,AylexPlays,Space Engineers is a game that can go two ways you can go realistic or you can go sci-fi witch I think is the unique thing about this game it's the only game that offers a free roam environment with Planets and I love it cause it's the only game that I can get the feeling that I'm really in the situation my character is in and for someone who has had acting a huge part in there childhood it really gave me the feel of immersion.This game also inspired me to choose what I want to do in the future with all the scientific quotes on the loading screen and the real immersion I looked at before has really inspired me to be a scientist and (although they are theoretical) have came up with ideas for FTL speed and warp drive.It also effected my school life and made my grades go up cause it inspired me to study towards my goalSo overall this game has had a huge impact on me and I would suggest that everyone should play this amazing game
76561198070628219,Recommended,244850,10019191,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,✪NaCl Kek✪,"This is a GREAT game. Unlike other minecraft similar games, this is centered around an original idea that is brilliantly executed."
,Recommended,244850,10463644,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Krinsh,"Highly Recommended, it is a fun game, it is not all about killing right now its about surviving and creating an awesome base and defending it from other players (online) yes it has some bugs, it is still in alpha, i would think this game would be and late beta stages if they did not show it is still in alpha stage, it is very good game not very easy nor very hard. if u like space games and games like minecraft you probally would like this game."
,Recommended,244850,9565062,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Kinky Whiskey,F***ING AWESOME. GET . IT .NAOW!
,Recommended,244850,9375823,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jogan81,This Game is EPIC!! Love what you can do and creat.Keep up the good work guy's.
,Recommended,244850,25361755,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Awesomity56,"Awesome game, very good options for graphics. Awesome physics and the best tech game ever! The only downside I have is the jetpack can be a bit finickity to control."
,Recommended,244850,12470544,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,✪ Rhysser,"I really enjoy this game. It is a good mix of Minecraft, Kerbal Space Program, and Garry's Mod. It is very fun to wreck ships, although it is more fun to try to survive and make a base for yourself. Its a good blend, and the physics are incredible. There isn't a reason not to like this game, unless you don't like to screw around in outerspace :P"
76561198092170762,Recommended,244850,10001662,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Providence315,One of the most user friendly building and sandbox based games I have ever played. The only problem with the game is the lack of players to play with.
,Recommended,244850,14014717,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Great Gentleman Jonny,I really like the game and I think it will become even better in future as you keep updating it and making the game better and funner for the community.
,Recommended,244850,10144701,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jens-o(est) - Anname tuld!,Cargo ship crashed through my base.5/5 - Would build my base in front of cargo ship again
76561198045601356,Recommended,244850,11004941,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bimmy,This game. Is awesome.
,Recommended,244850,10291951,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Fastcircuit,OMG GET THIS GAME!!!
76561198073381130,Recommended,244850,11865945,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Quillen,"Ever wanted to create random stuff in space and crash it?  You'll like Space Engineers.Ever wanted to create a giant battleship and blow apart an asteroid or space station?  You'll like Space Engineers.Ever wanted to survive in space?  You'll like Space Engineers.Ever wanted to re-create that awesome scene or ship from your favorite sci-fi movie or show?  You'll like Space Engineers.It's got something for every space or sci-fi junkie, so come get it.  It's well worth twenty bucks."
,Recommended,244850,13381882,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Commend me please,"Now in beta, still a very good game. 10/10."
,Recommended,244850,12310985,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Nejmen,it'z gud
,Recommended,244850,12833722,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AnubizRa,"Space Engineers is by far one of my favourite games. When I'm asked what it is I normally say, ""It's Minecraft in Space!"". I love open world sandbox games and this one takes the cake."
,Recommended,244850,12507682,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Spooky,ye
,Recommended,244850,12811863,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Rezonate_Apex,"What a nice ship you have built, Shame I HAVE TO RAM IT!"
,Recommended,244850,13360224,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,AlmostKiwi,"The GUI is a little tricky to get your head round at first, but once you get the hang of it, you can really see the possibilities of what your options are for creations. Once you see that potential, there's no going back. This game for me is my single favorite game (by far) for playing around and being creative with my friends... And at this point, the planned: 'Exploration Update' isn't even out yet!I almost have 100 hours now on this game now, and I can tell you this: Get. It. It hasn't got the slightest bit boring for me, and 100 hours is quite a lot! I can't even put how I feel about this game into words, I'll finish off by saying this..Get the game, regardless, it's bloody brilliant!"
76561198031533129,Recommended,244850,13385228,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Twelve,"pistons always break, my worlds have become corrupted (if not currupted there running @ 10fps), the music stops from time to time, there is no ore in new worlds apart from iron and uranium (thank you latest update), every update seems to break something  and everytime i fly into something that is connected to a piston i die.over 200 hrs into the game and what do i think of it?     Love it. give me more engineering in space."
76561197976132135,Recommended,244850,11176090,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Fire Ball Bunny,this game let's you do so much! Very Enjoyable. Deticated server is stable even with how new it is.
76561198051839128,Recommended,244850,12921544,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Fozzie201,SPACE MINECRAFT!
,Recommended,244850,9671798,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Laks,"Still needs some work, but the buy was definitely worth it"
76561198102891298,Recommended,244850,9674646,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,The Cecil,REALLY GOOD BUY AND ITS ONLY AN ALPHA !!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,9841633,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,ECG MrMe,"Hmmm... GREAT this is one of the best games I played yet, anyone who loves space builds or Kerbal Space Program would love this game as well. This game is a space sandbox were you can build anything! Who wouldent love this game!?!?"
76561198013055491,Recommended,244850,9627332,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Konscience,Minecraft plus Physics plus Science !!!! IN SPACE !!!!!
,Recommended,244850,9819192,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,zw98,"Great! If you love physics and space, this is for you! Also fun for building, hardcore survival, and much more!"
76561198014311412,Recommended,244850,9821340,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,RustyFetus,"The year is 2067, the year of space. Engineers are spacing stuff in space as engineers."
76561198065250726,Recommended,244850,9810397,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Kingly,"Decently well optimized for an Alpha, excellent game play, great physics. Love it"
,Recommended,244850,9725741,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Commander Chriswanker,So I have played this game for over 800 hours now...I think I kinda like it.It really is an awesome game. definitely worth the twenty bucks.
,Recommended,244850,9691666,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Edgy,"great game for people who love building, flying and smashing stuff. i guess you could say its a little like minecraft as you place down sqaure blocks but dont think that the games bad now because it's not. this games is perfect for the right people but if you dont like waiting and dont want to build you can simply go download a mod from the workshop.i hope you get this game in the future and if you do have fun!!"
76561198151064358,Recommended,244850,13462511,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,WinterArtifact4,"Space Engineers is an awesome game, I love how they made a space ""minecraft"". I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,244850,9502183,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,artis,So far this game looks great.  When it first came out I wasn't sure.  But after playing I'm hooked :)
,Recommended,244850,10028836,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Hentaipimp,"This is a great physics based space game, and if you like complicated building and space, this game is for you"
,Recommended,244850,24815647,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ignis,"It's a really fun game but multiplayer is extremely buggy and never spend time making a creation in specific place/ world I just spent 6 hours making a giant base on Earth and my world has corrupted and i have lost everything because when i try to spawn in the blueprint it just freezes my game, this has happened to ALL of my worlds so far and I have lost many hours of work because of this."
,Recommended,244850,9682010,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,CorruptedBacon,"I really enjoy this game, and its like minecraft in space (but you can place WAY more than 1 block at a time). On the survival mode, I get nervous just like a lonely astronaut losing power in space (but with the immense will to survive), and that just makes it even more fun! Also there is so much possibility and you can make ANYTHING you can imagine, from a tiny forklift in space, to a 144 million Kg super freighter...."
,Recommended,244850,9036362,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ratboy,This game is like super duper.
,Recommended,244850,9358183,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Auziken,"It is a VERY fun game. I recommend EVERYONE to play because no one plays this game. ;`; Anyway, it's a great game, especially the physics. (Thank god they used the laws of physics.) But, yeah! Buy this game. It's worth the money."
76561198064512607,Recommended,244850,9962374,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,ShimZ,"Awesome game, that keeps getting better with every update.An absolute must for any gamer! 5/5."
,Recommended,244850,9888138,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Joshsdh,"Minecraft in Space? Yup, so much fun!"
76561198088346590,Recommended,244850,10419325,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,vardgo,"this game is amazeing, complicated but amazing"
76561198049450841,Recommended,244850,9931151,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Nyan_Scout,I made♥♥♥♥♥♥ships. Best time of my life.
,Recommended,244850,11516820,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,zap 5o,it is good
76561198043410700,Recommended,244850,9896051,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,wr.exe,This game is like KSP with mining and warfare
,Recommended,244850,19766487,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,DmnSpawn,"I've Lost My Life to this game since planets came out, I feel as if I have been held ransom by keen and unless anyone ever wants to see me again they are going to have to give keen all thier monies!Pros-*They patch every Thurs. some small stuff some new content and sometimes they patch the thing thats been driving you up the wall for weeks and you suddenly read that its fixed in the patch notes and you double fist pump into the air.*Space,Exploration,mining,building,guns and missles.*PLANETS*AI,scripts,blueprints,workshop content*Workshop content created by players/users have been added to the game by keen and they thank the owner of the build by name.*It's cheaper then alot of other games.*Multi-player -  Although buggy still and not fully optimized I still play MP with friends and have a blast. Don't Believe me check us out herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udMX9Ozdrnc&list=PLwf48V3pVNXYgve1ES5l_0w42GGw1ZJtjCons-*Not enough time in an Earth Solar Day to play Space Engineers.* More Seriously though there are some bugs that are close to gamebreaking but they have been slowly knocking these off the list with fixes. Best Advice is be patient with keen, give them good solid patch requests and send in your Crash Notes! They can't always replicate the same problem on their machines so your notes could help More then you know."
,Recommended,244850,11870716,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,💛Kohath,"A lot of fun, as long as you have someone else to play with"
,Recommended,244850,12919865,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Tekner,"I love games like Minecraft, Spore, Loadout, and GoD Factory: Wingmen that encourage their players to play their way to win. Space Engineers shows so much promise for being an early access game. It is a little grindy, especially if you don't set any multipliers on tool speed and output, but I'm beginning to realize that that is actually a very good thing. In Minecraft, if you lose a tool or stack of ores/blocks, it's not very hard to just go and get them all back. This game makes you value what you build and adds some very nice flavor/mechanics to the building process as well. And after you're done building, flying around in space ships of your own design, blowing stuff up is the freaking best!"
76561198023524214,Recommended,244850,9206374,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,DarkScyth342,one of the most amazing sandbox and destruction simulators out there
,Recommended,244850,11615145,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,firefrog,Built a giant space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashed it into a giant space ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10.
76561198040464833,Recommended,244850,13452135,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MechanizedIT,"Space Engineers is the best $20 dollars I have ever spent an anything in my life, meaning it has provided me with more hours of quality entertainment and gameplay than anything else ever."
,Recommended,244850,10004197,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,H3nry The H3bru (PAiN™),Best Game Ever
,Recommended,244850,11737432,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,NUCLEAR SNAKE,"Date posted: 16th Aug 2014TL:DR; Game engine and mechnics are finished, just needs more content. High Recommendation.For early access this is one of the most stable and polished early access games around. While the price is quite high it is clera the developers are constantly working on this game with updates every few weeks.Graphics are quite good for such a game and performance is fairly good considering what is being modelled. Super large ships will grind the game to a halt and it would be nice for some macro-based optimisations.Content is short, few colours, few block types (still a lot but not enough when compared to say minecraft).Gameplay has minor issues but nothing that ruins the gameplay. Game locks for a half second when saving and there is currently no way to brace for meteor impact. Also Gravity mechanic needs to become spherical to allow orbits etc.Creative mode is a nice little playground and features like copy & paste make for some interesting scenarios.Survival mode is good, however more events need to occur and possibly some NPC enemies/neutral/allies. My recommendations for survival mode additions are:- Solar Flare (turns all blocks off for 20 seconds, requires manual restart of systems)- Large Asteroids that move (this allows for large asteroid to smash into each other and send rocks flying out)- System degradation (systems over a long period of time should degrade)- System failure (if a reactor is comprimised there should be a chance of the reactor going critical and blowing up)- Unknown Event (An event that cannot be identified, power going out, ship being thrown across space etc)"
76561197999220006,Recommended,244850,11720952,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Silenvo,"I whole heartedly recommend this game for any and all who love to tinker, build, design, explore, and then crash and blow up their ships in conflict with one another. It hasn't even gotten out of alpha and its still one of the most impressive games I have yet to play. Reminds me a great deal at length of playing minecraft in its early years, if this game keeps going and advancing at the pace it has, we will see something that I can safely say can contend with that particular game in the future!Admittedly that was probably very fanboyish up there so I'll talk about whats good, whats bad, and where it is as of 8/15/2014.The Good: You can build to your hearts desire and design ships and stations and collide them into eachother or other things for endless amounts of fun. The multiplayer enables some very good options of creative entertainment and crazy antics with other players. I honestly can't wait for some more advanced survival options to be implimented in the near future.It updates fairly regularly, about once a week, sometimes more or less often at this time. often including new blocks or adjustments - or just bug fixes to various issues that arrise.It has a newly formed modding community that is rapidly growing and improving (from what I can tell) and lots of creative people producing interesting creations that stretch the limits of what the game already has to offer.The Bad: I have to say that, after all the good things, you may be wondering ""Whats bad about it!? This sounds awesome!"" But I have to say that - There are a number of issues. The game demands a lot of running capacity, crashes every so often, lags a lot when lots of smaller scale or several large scale collisions are happening (such as taking your giant ship you just made and crashing it into a space station.. or an asteroid.), lacks a strong direction in story or survival means, and so far only really has its biggest fill from creative construction. Not to mention that currently the mods available for the game are mostly random parts that are for aesthetics only rather then any fantastic new game-changing items.However, this is only an alpha. Assuming the makers of this game keep working on it well through that, beta, and eventually final release? I can see worlds of creative options and entertainment coming about by this particular game. It honestly feels like an all new and better version of minecraft thus far. Moving blocks that include diagnals, my God! I can scarcely contain my excitement for more updates! Thus concludes my review.-Silenvo,The Silver Dragon."
76561198147353220,Recommended,244850,11740200,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,The Short Bus Airlines,I dont have a very good PC and it still runs smoothly the modding support in the new update is lovely now being able to mod without trouble i would recommend this  game to all my friends and any one who loves to mine build and many other amazing things should get this its like Dayz when it just came out everyone was amazed by it im the same way with this
,Recommended,244850,11741752,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Agust D.,iz awesome
76561198150134046,Recommended,244850,11738056,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,chamm1699,i gust get the game and it is cool the only thing i dont like is th low low framrate i have.
,Recommended,244850,11741583,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Dand,ZE GAME IS GREAT XDDDDDD
76561198045231999,Recommended,244850,11739038,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Prometheus,Neat.  I like the community features of the game.
,Recommended,244850,11744161,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,CodFishLoob,I totally recommend this game if you are a creative person and also if you like space!
76561198048629061,Recommended,244850,23944672,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cindertrix,It is an amazing gtame with lots of untapped potential
76561198134150543,Not Recommended,244850,25315521,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Indrick Boreale,For me this ran about as well as an 80 year old quadriplegic asthmatic who weighs about 40 stone even after I lowered the settings to the point where it looks like a lepricorn who♥♥♥♥♥♥an off potato out. Wouldn't recommend unless you have a relatively powerful machine despite what is recommended.
76561198145715385,Recommended,244850,23639957,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Sniper02dragon,This game is fun with all the dog fights you can or building your fleet to crush you're foe.
,Recommended,244850,19200975,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,| ＶＯＬＴＡＩＲＥ |,fun for like 19.4 hours
76561198048135482,Recommended,244850,17927909,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bigbossken,Awesome Game!!
,Recommended,244850,9724720,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,rip mirage again,"Had to edit this review due to recent patches. In my original review I talked about how few bugs there were, but this no longer holds true. I still find it playable, but these days SE got quite a few host/client sync problems (most of the random heart attack deaths have been fixed, though) and general bugs.It's still a fun game, although it can sometimes be kind of frustrating."
,Recommended,244850,7489019,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Bucket of Doom,"Great game, its like Minecraft with good visuals and in space. Right now, creative mode is the only mode. But the developers have more and awesome plans for the game. I really like it so far, you should check it out!"
76561198064093062,Recommended,244850,11953362,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Firewarrior2,"now if you want somewhere where you can build shaceships in zerogravity space engineers is a pretty good game for that. you start off with a set of tools and the endless space around you, you could be in a small asteroid field or even in the ramains of your crashed command ship. build wiht the resources you have gathered from your asteroids and smelt them into components to build your very own ships and stations, truely the game is limited only by your imagination, and how much time you can invest :)"
,Recommended,244850,11014164,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Boot Scoot and a Ghost,Space men building space ♥♥♥♥♥.It's fun damn it.
76561198089053184,Recommended,244850,29588572,Posted: 30 January,all,turtle,Good and fun space themed sandbox/survival game. But still the game has many bugs that sometimes make playing the game quite annoying.8/10
76561198344427211,Recommended,244850,31666937,Posted: 10 May,all,Backfisch4,"You are going to LOVE it if you like to build, explore, shoot , have epic battles with your friends and survive.But it is Early Access so you have to accept bugs,lags...If you do not like this you will have to come again when the time of Early Access is over.So BUY IT!!!!"
76561198048249227,Recommended,244850,19175574,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,fortuiteer,"My recommendation: DON'T BUY THE GAME IF YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE DISAPPOINTMENT THAT MIGHT COME WITH AN EARLY ACCESS TITLE, REGARDING BUGS AND PERFORMANCE ISSUESMy thoughts on the game:Impressive achievement!I see a lot of negative comments, mostly related to the game performing worse under the strain of rendering the new feature of enormously gigantic planets with flora and fauna. I guess it's fair that these people are giving a warning to potential buyers. But the derogatory and hateful undertones are entirely out of place.So far I have seen only two other game engines that render a near limitless visibility distance while providing huge planets, which can even be terra-formed (meaning, you can morph the terrain). The other titles are ""Stellar Overload"" (formerly known as ""Planets3"") and ""Seed of Andromeda"" (not yet a released game, but rather a pre-pre-alpha version. I did get to actually play it myself, though). ""No Man's Sky"" might be another such game, but I don't know the extent of its terra-forming/building features. They might be relatively simple in comparison.It cannot be stressed enough how difficult it is to code a stable engine for huge sandbox worlds, when simulated physics, creature AI and complex crafting/building are involved. Add to that multiplayer, pretty graphics and an excessive visibility range = unavoidable trouble on the bug-front.With that in mind, Keen Software House have created a fairly impressive engine, so far. There are bugs and performance isn't flawless on my mediocre system (a ~500$ PC), but the framerate is smooth (40+ fps) at *most* times (there are some freezes every couple minutes), with the visual settings close to max (I don't use anti-aliasing and anisotropic filtering, but they shouldn't affect performance a lot). In single-player mode I didn't encounter noteworthy bugs, but I have no doubt they'll show up. Why? Because that's a normal in all programs that go beyond the previously established borders of their specific genres.Movement between space and planets happens without any transition. Unfortunately that also means there is no visible entry of a planet's atmosphere, but the smooth, transitionless movement, while watching the planet's surface closing in, is the more important feature.The player is free to leave the pilot's seat at any time and walk around inside the ship. The size of a planet is a little overwhelming when you leave the ship and realize how much slower you move on foot, but it's also quite thrilling.With just 60 minutes of playtime, I didn't even get a short glimpse at the crafting/building feature, but I already know it's very complex and was the game's primary selling feature, before the ""planets"" update.The game isn't finished yet and no one could guarantee that it'll ever be released without bugs (see ""Frontiers"" developer Lars Simkins's ""November Update"" of 2015 on Youtube, for a relatively in-depths description on that topic).In that respect, whoever buys the game should have a true ""explorer"" spirit. In past centuries exploration meant taking serious risks to your health and even life, without any retries on failure.Space Engineers will allow you to explore its game world and bugs. And you might find yourself failing on the latter. But at least you get retries."
,Recommended,244850,8460337,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Maestro,Awesome!
,Recommended,244850,12028918,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Sir Boblet,I LOVE THIS GAME. GET IT. Please get it. It is so much fun. ;_;
76561198170127975,Recommended,244850,14216897,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dishonorroll,"This game is really fun and never gets old. I've had so much fun building and destroying ships. If you like to explore or like space ship games, then I HIGHLY RECCOMEND you get this game."
,Recommended,244850,9514503,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Daedric_,"Fantastic game, perfect combination of Minecraft and StarMade, with some Kerbal in there. Definite buy at this price."
,Recommended,244850,19182356,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ScTiger,"Runs like me in PE. Not very well, and slowing down all the time."
,Recommended,244850,10428936,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Con,"Made a ship, it blew up, I died10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9746620,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Nidas,"Contains asteroids, drills and pills.Yeah no actually there's no pills.But it's a good game."
76561198000106282,Recommended,244850,14035022,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Chase Shift,"This game is so cool! There are a few aspects I'd prefer to be more realistic... for example no sound in space, only vibrations heard in your helmet passed on from objects you are touching/ using or from vehicles you are in. But 95% of this game is so much fun! Big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,244850,7662267,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,CANER_DX,
,Recommended,244850,10372153,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Adhesive,get it know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198027450214,Recommended,244850,31160288,Posted: 15 April,all,Cherono Lord,I really enjoy this game :)Just hope they will increase or remove the limit from programmable blocks scripts
,Recommended,244850,10047379,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Commander TDawg,"Space Engineers is a great sandbox game, Physics are EPIC"
76561198014043568,Recommended,244850,11989427,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Lwood262,"I've been playing this game since January, before multiplayer, before survival, before dedicated hosting, before integrated mod support. And I have to say, I Fing love this game! I set my weekly schedule to this game! The updates are always Thursday around 11am 12pm CST, and the hot fix for said update the next day, at the same time. Now that you can add mods from the workshop the possibilities with this game are ENDLESS, and all this in ALPHA?!?! There is nowhere to go but up from here my friends, so join us won’t you?"
,Recommended,244850,9615100,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,basrrf,This game is amazing. Get it now!
,Recommended,244850,19450843,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Example4444,Really fun game.
,Recommended,244850,9639997,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,KingOfStarrySkies,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S SO MUCH FUUUUNFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNIn all seriousness, I love this game. Crashing ships together/mining asteroids has never been better."
,Recommended,244850,12364659,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Nerdtastic,Take minecraft: a crazily popular game. Take Kerbal Space Program: a crazily popular early access simulator game. Imagine they had a baby. Thats space engineers.
,Recommended,244850,9173485,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Gintsama,"Very awesome, basically, build stuff, build swirling swashtikas and giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sized ships, what more could you want in life."
76561197995777738,Recommended,244850,9970446,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Texas Jack,"One of the few games that have really caught my interest lately.  With updates and new things every Thursday, a very stable environment and lots of fun building, planning and designing new things, this games has the foundation for an incredible experience.  Now, this review was given during alpha, which says a lot, so there are still a lot of things that still need attention and needs to be implemented.  But, with that said, I find it a lot more stable and playable than many software beta's and a few released products!  If you like building games, like Minecraft and Terraria and love space games like Kerbal Space Program or Evocron or even some Star Control thrown in there, you're going to like Space Engineers.  To sum up, Lego Technic in space!  Prepare your butts, because you are about to lose 500 hours of your life to fun an entertainment."
,Recommended,244850,17476982,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Havok,"This is  not Minecraft, or a Minecraft clone. This is a lot better. In many cases this game requires freeform thining and pushing what you think you can do in a game like this. Pick it up and take a look, you wont be sorry."
,Recommended,244850,9716865,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,"Cursed ""Venom"" Gwimble",iz good gmae. would do da palys
,Recommended,244850,7735312,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Big,This game is beyond amazing. I highly recommend theis game.
,Recommended,244850,10577940,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kung fury chikn,"I recommend this game, it updates regularly with very significant updates.. The problem I had with this game is the price, and I had to get e texture pack for the asteroid background since it's composed of many fake asteroids which make it harder to see the real asteroids."
,Recommended,244850,11716631,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,EvilDolphin,"Well, its in space, and you can create spaceships! What more could you want?"
,Recommended,244850,7487290,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Omegador,"This game is amazing. It is basically like Star Made, only with better graphics, and realistic physics. Currently there aren't any planets to explore, but there are asteroids you can smash your ships into... Collisions are very fun to watch, and if you're inside the hull of a crashing ship, expect to see a hole in the wall as another ship plunges through your own."
,Recommended,244850,11072384,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Raldimus Prime,"Building in space has always been a very exciting thought.  Whether you trust that we landed on the moon in the 60's or if you think it was a hoax, Space Engineers is bound to bring out your inner Lego In Space mindset.I've only barely scraped the surface of the engineering concepts within this game and I already love it.  Plus, with the rapid amount of updating I have already seen in my short span of playing... It's only going to get better!"
,Recommended,244850,19256022,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Delta77,"Things you must know before buying this game:-Doesn't run really well in all the pcs, haven't been optimized yet-Games take a lot, is better to play in a server where you can save your progress (private with friends for example)-Bugs may kill you... often (even they have fixed a lot of the old ones)-This games may progress slow, but PROGRESS, not like other pre-release games, that are just a scam-Unforgiving hard gameSaying all of this, the game is really fun, minecraft/gmod style, and with loads of potential."
,Recommended,244850,25695404,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,N/A,I like this game because its SPACEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,244850,11581684,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,"Bernie ""silver strats"" Sanders",Yeah the game is pretty cool but this review system steam has really stole the show. 10/10 would review again
,Recommended,244850,12524325,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Sleep,I make space ship and smash it into other space ship. 420/10
,Recommended,244850,8185995,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Von Nut,I'm certain if the engineers were Kerbals it would be more popular.
,Recommended,244850,12447938,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Possessedrabbit7,Awesome Sauce space stuff
76561198219658033,Recommended,244850,25185021,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,sirheatblast,I don't know if I should give this game a thumbs up or down becuese I really want to play this game but my computer has 4 ram and I hope there is a way to get the game runing on 4 ram at the lowest settings
,Recommended,244850,17317605,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Nantwitch Leafblower Kerfuffel,"brilliant game, fun for hours on end!"
76561198084105304,Recommended,244850,11367007,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ninja Potato,Amazing
76561198027258511,Recommended,244850,27051701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kalriza,Really good space ship builder with minecraft like building style.
76561198023785211,Not Recommended,244850,20057641,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Galenmacil,"Recently, game as become a total mess: Update break more things than they fix. For the past two years, this is mostly what has been happening. At this point, I think we cannot expect one day to see a bug free game with stable physic..."
,Recommended,244850,12473650,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Temos,I liek dis gaem. very nice. brung me moar of spacaaae when sequel. thx. ur best
76561197988447659,Recommended,244850,11868836,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,carazvan,Having played almost 300 hours over the past month I can definetely say this game is worth the price and is incredibly fun! Weekly updates with added features; developers listening to feedback and adding parts like spherical generators because the community says they'd want them even though they said they were against them and explained why. Overall a great experience.
,Recommended,244850,28297427,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Zulioner,"After the ""massive uptade"" I can say that THIS is a new generation game."
76561198089361914,Recommended,244850,9909826,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Just4G(Oof)s,"Space Engineers is an amazing,open world,sandbox that realy alows you to create anything that you an imagine....In space! Amazing gameplay, awesome graphics, and cool ships! This game is the game for you if you enjoy making ships that fly around and shoot other ships and loot them for suplies to build your arsenal!"
,Recommended,244850,10440085,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,zeropoint77,"Its a very fun game, many things you can do. The graphics are amazing, and the things you can build is mind wrecking. I recommend this game if you love space simulators."
76561198064649279,Recommended,244850,9606119,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,rick harrinson,"amazing game, even though theres alot they could add to this to make it better it could quite possibly become space sim of the year"
,Recommended,244850,13175925,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DogMakeAMove | 3,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,10274757,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,oo wee,recommend
,Recommended,244850,13753136,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Wizzi,Spent hours constructing our first proper mining ship with two friends. The maiden voyage resulted in my captaining a catastrophic collision with an uranium filled asteroid. I will smile at the memory of voice comms for the rest of my days.10/10 will 'Titanic' more ships in the future.
,Recommended,244850,10732396,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Scarface #Okappa,Get some 2 or 3 friends to play this game with and you're probably gonna have a goo- bad time.First of all one of your friends will probably try and build a spaceship or even a space station... But then you or somebody mightbe a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and SHOOT ROCKETS INTO IT AND THEN CRASH THEIR SPACESHIP INTO YOURS!?Good thing you copied it.. You did copy it right?
76561198046061345,Recommended,244850,8836518,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Vaewyth Rede ✝,"I would review space engineers as a creative, ship building program, HOWEVER there is no way to stop or to kill other people, meaning they could just pull out an smg and blow up your ship. Or plant a nuclear bomb on it, the only reliable ship type is small ship because they are the hardest to hit.... All in all its worth the money."
,Recommended,244850,9666912,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,THERE IS NO LAW AGAINST DRINKING AND SPACESHIP FLYING!RATING: 10/10 - GLAD I GOT THE GAME WHEN IT WAS ONLY FIFTEEN BUCKS
,Recommended,244850,9114394,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,TobiasMage23,Awesome game for hours of fun!
76561198080967539,Recommended,244850,13458831,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheTopHatter,"Space Engineers is a helluva game. It takes the trial and error parts of ""Kerbal Space Program"" and mixes it with a slight minecraft element, meaning you can build nearly ANYTHING you wish to! This game while on its own is fun I think you will get the best time if playing with friends/multiplayer.With a growing popularity and great community workshop you can share your wonderful ships with friends. Space Engineers uses a great realistic damage system that really makes you feel as if you are truly pioliting the ship.If there are any downsides it is that the singleplayer can get a tad boring after some time and you will need a decent PC to run this game smoothly, but don`t worry, you don`t need ""next gen systems"" to run it like a CERTAIN other game....*cough* Assassin`s Creed Unity.9/10If you see this game on sale, get it for sure!"
,Recommended,244850,9966403,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Sessh,"Mincraft but in space, it's a blast with friends, even for an alpha it's awesome!!"
,Recommended,244850,10052213,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,TheNiniteGamer,Very fun game if you like to build spaceships and others things of the matter.  very addicting game (atleast to me it is)
76561198117838524,Recommended,244850,10841156,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tyr,I love this game. I have been playing it for Hours and it keeps getting more updates. The things you can do are limitless. I would recommend this game. Just make sure you have a decent computer with a good graphics card and good Ram otherwise it might be a little laggy.
,Recommended,244850,7478807,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Bradyns,11/10.Minecraft in space.
76561198075488276,Recommended,244850,10343731,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Slowly-Fading-Why u do dis VAC-,best game ever u need to buy this
,Recommended,244850,9985638,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,[SOR] Brody,"I love the game, but sadly I can't play the survival, only the creative in the empty world because my computer doesn't have the resources to play the game in anything else.(EDIT)I absolutely love this game to pieces, i have a computer that can handle it with no problems, even after the planets update."
76561198120341402,Recommended,244850,27221401,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Clifford,"Great game, It has alot of potential, I just can't wait for the future updates."
76561198090006884,Recommended,244850,12452528,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,The Almighty Loaf,"Very fun sandbox game. Think Minecraft, but in space. Developers constantly add new things.10/10"
,Recommended,244850,12427093,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Haunty,"There is a learning curve, but the possibilities are endless. I have been playing over a month and am still constantly learning and discovering new things. Space is unforgiving, you have to learn from your failures and continuously improve upon your designs and methods."
,Recommended,244850,9723703,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Redneck Zombie,"This game takes a little while to wrap your head around in the beginning, but once you get the hang of it the possibilities are almost limitless."
,Recommended,244850,9493351,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,[32nd SjtMaj] Titus,"Superb game despite still being under development. I would highly recomend to anyone who is a fan of minecraft, kerbal space program or any space based sandbox. If you're waiting for star citizen this might be able to hold you over."
,Recommended,244850,14013894,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,SpaceMechanic[NeWB],"Building anything you want in space, and then flying it, blowing it up, or crashing it in to an asteriod and watching the vessel crumble.... Epic"
,Recommended,244850,8763237,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Xes Reltih,"Listen, do not buy this for a space simulation game... Buy this to crash into a ship twice your size and have a hell of a time while doing it."
,Recommended,244850,11547896,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Shark4-6,"I really liked Minecraft and I am glad that one cannot see how many hours of my life I have logged into that game. So when I saw a review of this game I thought ""wow, that looks like Gary's Mod and Minecraft had a baby, and then flung that baby into space."" I really like the game though, because of the same ""rules"" that are applied in game. You try to survive in space, a very harsh and unforgiving environment, and mine different ores out of astroids to build your ship. Now this is only survival mode, which I have not played any of. My 50.1 hours of gameplay so far has been completely in the creative mode of the game, which allows the player to generate any of the ""blocks"" (I guess thats what I will call them). I have had a lot of fun designing and flying ships that I have built. Also, with the flying comes the physics engine, which is one of the best I have seen so far. The only trade off to a great physics engine is the occasional lag spike, during which the computer is calculating where all the bits of my ship have gone. Now, it is also like minecraft, in the sense that it can get monotonous. You do have to come up with projects to keep the game going. But this is only coming from my experience in the creative mode, survival mode may be much  more rewarding, and I am sorry to say that I just don't know. In conclusion, I love this game, I think that if you liked Minecraft, you will like this game as well, and when I say its like Minecraft in space, I mean it. Also, just a side note. The Dev for this game is a really good guy, and has been (so far...) continually pumping out new updates and listening to players from the forums. So in conclusion (again) get this game."
,Recommended,244850,12340537,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,ViruZ,Leider geil.
76561198261869364,Not Recommended,244850,24431048,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,a suicidal turtle,super laggy wish it was patched for less asteroids
,Not Recommended,244850,24425276,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,lamorakk,Always crashing on win 10 pro.Used to be a nice game but now cant even play.
,Not Recommended,244850,25643412,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,VGAHayden,Exceed the recommended spec by a massive margin. Game has never run correctly for me. I've tried a lot of different fixes and stuff suggested on forums and nothing works. Optimization need a huge overhaul it seems.
,Recommended,244850,19253569,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,WalkeR™,"If you like to make things with connecting and putting together, this is one of the games you must play. Especially, if you like Garyy's Mod. I am really amazed how the game designed. Even if the game is early access. This game is one of the definition of creativity. If you want to create something in between planets, i really recomend you to buy this game (y)"
,Recommended,244850,19204537,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Father Nick,"The planet update is so good, my monitor can't even support it10/10 would crash monitor again"
,Recommended,244850,9180078,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Elliott,"Plenty of promise. More for a physics destruction tool for now, but has potential to be one of the best space battle games. Played +4 hours first thoughts Update 01.018.021Definite buy, on sale or not."
76561198162875802,Recommended,244850,32267932,Posted: 8 June,all,marinda.avenant,this game is good /but the lag is real .all this updates made this game so laggy if the developers is reading this pls fix this lag
,Recommended,244850,8042509,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,[IPT]TaTaRinBsB,best building game ever!
76561198152691820,Recommended,244850,12365718,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Spacespartan1131,Very fun game and i recomed it to everyone i know strating privated severs with friends are fun and easy
76561198046673287,Not Recommended,244850,23843429,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Cynsir Alcyan PLZ,"I've played this ""little"" game for a while now. 3 Years early access is dangerous because, they add and add lots of things that i can't count, and the game is heavier every patch. Then they added planet to the game, and gravity field for each.That was the quitessence of the updates. From this time, I thought : ""This survival space game is a master piece"". I wonder what they added now, because my computer can't handle it anymore. To much data and interaction. Of course I could launch the smallest map, with the lowest quality, but what's the point ? This game deserves a brutal gamer computer to be enjoyed as it should be.So i'm sorry lovely engi, but i can't commend a game that i can't play, even if i bought it.Maybe in 2 or 3 years, when game will be stabilized and optimized, i will remove this view. Until that, I go back play to Eve."
76561198025796598,Recommended,244850,11758026,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Megacheez,"its plain awesome, imagine space legeo for adults :P"
76561197986909727,Recommended,244850,9789376,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Scarlet,Basically minecraft IN SPAAACEExcept you have to put effort into individual blocks.Takes forever to make things but the feeling of satisfaction when you complete a grand work is amazing.Updates come out weekly.I highly recommend it.
76561198239874982,Recommended,244850,19908651,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SansTheGuitarist,"this game wont work for me, even though i meet all the requirements on my pc. i would like a refund but i dont know how to get one."
,Recommended,244850,12456284,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,♦ Rox ♦ 🚾,"This game is just awesome!Though I got it in the Free To Play weekend, I have been playing this for quite some time. This has to be one of the best sandbox games out there!Buildings, drilling ships, repair ships and other hugenormous ships is just a single awesome part of it!Me and my friend are having a HUGE ship PvP battle and I have to say... It is pretty intense!Rockets! Grinders! Machine Guns! SPACE!Would buy!"
,Recommended,244850,25376079,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Stripes,This game is better than Minecraft
,Not Recommended,244850,23868426,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Waffle SS.,"Broke a once playable game.  Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥on lowest settings when I used to be able to max it out no problem. Player movement is jittery as ♥♥♥♥, and ships move too slow to get anywhere in a reasonable amount of time because of speed limits. You can barely go supersonic and this is a space ship game..."
76561197960437512,Not Recommended,244850,24207203,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ShadowRam,"I've had this game for over 2 years now.In the beginning it was very bug free,When new features were implemented, they had little effect on existing systems.I praised this game as a really good example of how early access should be done.But in the past 6 to 8 months something has changed. Whether they have new developers or what happened I don't know, but this game is now unplayable.There are a number of show-stopping bugs that creep up, and when you work your way around them, you get face-blasted with another stupid bug that prevents you from doing anything.None of the new features they have been attempting to add can be tested at all because of some basic bugs.Also this games direction to the realm of 'AI' is ridiculous. This was space 'engineering' and when they decided to add dogs and spiders before ever providing us with a proper linear bearing is unacceptable.Planets looks like a great idea, but they can't be bothered to fix the #1 transport that is needed. Wheels.Their steering mechanism is just all wheels = same angle, and makes driving impossible, and your creations will just explode when attempting to drive them anywhere.I do not recommend this game to anyone in its current state.I'm really disappointed with the way the development of this game has been going as of late.EDIT: 3 months later and 15min into the game, my character suddenly gets pulled and stuck in structures I'm attempting to weld or grind. This game is still a god damn mess. AVOID!!!!!!I've now uninstalled this game. It's not worth the HD space nor my time even glancing at updates coming in"
76561198004610721,Not Recommended,244850,25256025,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Neriken,"Game has its merits, however is highly bugged. Pistons and rotors explode destroying your ship, base, yourself for no reason; after you spent hours adjusting and readjusting and hoping and praying they dont explode. The pirate attacks are weak and non existant. The meteor shower element is pointless, since its nearly impossible to defend against them, unless you want to hide inside an asteroid or a base away from the sun. So unless you just want to build and keep building with no purpose, other than to just build for building sake.... the one thing that makes it fun, the rotors and pistons, is the very thing that makes you NOT want to play it."
,Recommended,244850,14035657,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Solman365,"Space Engineers is a place where you can create, fight and frive, you can be the most feared person in the Universe, or the most Respected, It's your choice... Where will Space Engineers take you?"
,Recommended,244850,9681061,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,"Roger ""Verbal"" Kint","Imagine if Minecraft was pretty, in space, and way way cooler. As one of the first 20k to EVER buy Minecraft, I want you to know just how dramatic my aproval of this is. In Minecraft, you can build a log cabin next to a river. and ride a pig off a cliff. In Space Engineers you can build a Borg Cube and crash it into an asteroid large enough to whipe out the dinosaurs.Need I say more?"
76561198002471602,Recommended,244850,12470291,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,I Fuck Food,"I thought I knew how to waste time before I purchased Space Engineers. Turns out, I was a complete amatuer.10/10. Pretty autistic."
,Recommended,244850,8969704,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,The Firm Man,A very fun game that allows you to make any space thing that you ever wanted and then crash it into something else.
76561198139832375,Recommended,244850,32641791,Posted: 22 June,all,Caloros,"I really do not understand why the devs disregard soooo many game crippling bugs and focus on small ones that give such minor improvements. The potential that this game has is pretty amazing and its really disappointing to see the devs completely ignore everyones pleas to fix the big nasty ones. This game brings out weekly updates similar to another game that I play which is also in early development  The only difference is that the other game (RUST) implements so much more data then this game does. There fan base is alot larger ill admit, BUT THATS BECAUSE THEY CAN ACTUALLY PLAY ON A SERVER WITH OTHER PPL WITHOUT THE GAME CRASHING, OR BEING SLING SHOTTED A MILLION MILES OUT INTO SPACE OR YOUR SPACE SHIP RANDOMLY ♥♥♥♥ING  DISAPPEARS OR ROTORS AND PISTONS AND PROJECTORS LAGGING THE SERVER BLAHBLAHBLAH THE LIST GOES ON.... BUT YOU GUYS WOULD RATHER FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING AUDIO...... There are a few sandbox space games that are coming out that are quite similar to space engineers, once they do this game is ♥♥♥♥ed. KSH had sooo much time to finish this game but theyd rather just show you taht as looong as they are putting in there tiny 2 cents of miniscule data hear and there, all of us will think they are still dedicated and working on the game. I call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t I feel scammed. The ONLY reason I am recomending this game is because of how many hours I have put into it. Like I said before when i started playing this game it had a tremendous amount of potential.... all up until i realised that the devs dont give a ♥♥♥♥ and will ignore all game crippling bugs."
,Recommended,244850,8885686,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,A Streetcar Named Desire,"1/28/14What is amazing about this game is that it is only in alpha. This alpha phase game currently packs more features that most full games I have. It is truely unique and gives me a lot of hope. The developers are AMAZING and there are already a lot of youtube channels with how to guides on how to play. IT IS NOT YET FULLY FUNCTIONAL, but it is really close. The weapons on small ships and the automatic rifle and drills work. The best part, they just added multiplayer up to 16 people. it's still rough, but holy crap is it awesome. The graphics are really good and the building is really easy once you get into it. The only limit is your imagination. The physics of this game are as real as they can get without you needing to be an expert on space physics to play. There are a lot of things in this game to tickle your fancy. If I cannot convince you, look up Bradphusion on youtube and watch one or two of his videos. this game will keep me busy for years to come. Look out minecraft.REVIEW UPDATE 3/18/14It happened. KSH added the survival update. It is still a little raw and the implimetation of survival somehow messed up creative for some of my friends, but this game is getting better and better. I already play this way more than any of my other games. My recommendation is to get this game while it's still only $14.99. The devs have announced that they are going back to weekly updates. This game is just amazing.REVIEW UPDATE 5/9/14It's been some time since I've updated this review.The game is still going in a good direction. I am happy with every update as it nears completion.Cons: It can still be laggy on multiplayer, but they are optamizing it with every updateThe worlds are not yet unlimited, but there is enough to keep you busy for a really long time.Sadly the public multiplayer does have greifers, but every game has griefers.REVIEW UPDATE 12/11/2014Been a while since I have updated this review.But my recommendation stands. This game has only gotten better since the last review update.That being said, with almost 300 hours into this game, its flaws have started to show themselves to me.Pros:*You can build anything. The only limit is your imagination. 10/10 for freedom*Amazing mod support. There are mods to turn this game into anything you want. If you just want to build in creative for hours at a time, there are mods to enhance that. Want to have large scale fleet battles with your friends? Mods for weapons and combat blocks are also available. 10/10 for the mod community.*Amazing community. To many people, the fanbase of a game is enough to make or break a game. I am one of those people. No one should ever be afraid to voice a complaint, suggestion or question on a game forum. But so many communities have immature bullies that would rather make you feel bad for having a individual thought than welcome you and help you. This game has an outstanding community with groups for just about any aspect of the game. I used to be in charge of one of the first groups (MEC Enterprises) before life got in the way. There are groups for combat, piracy, building, survival, and even salvaging. Anyone can fit in in this game, and if you don't find something for you, make a group and post it to the hub. People would love to join you. 10/10 for the community.*Developers. The dev team is fantastic. I have never seen a better team. They actually listen to the community. We the players have as much of a voice in the creation of this game as they do. If a mod is popular enough, they add it to the vanilla version of the game. They have teamed up with a 3D printing company and when you build a ship, they can make a real life model and send it to you. They update every week. They have quality merchandise on their website and in general, they are just great. 10/10 for Developers. Keep up the great work guys.*Game Play. The game play is great. For zero gravity, the controls are very easy to grasp. switching from ZeroG to a gravity influenced area is without error. Gun play is pretty bad, but it's not a major part or the game and thus not a high priority. Ship weapons and fighter combat on the other hand are amazing yet challenging. Combat in ZeroG is a whole new beast and it doesn't help the fact that you don't know what you are about to get into a dogfight with because they built it. It's both exciting and a new challenge. Building is amazing. If you thought minecraft had building down to a T, this game will blow you away. There are just so many features to building paired with being able to rotate yourself to get a better angle. One of their updates added a projector block, so you can build a ship in creative and then save it as a blueprint, and then you can transfer it over to a survival world where the projector sets up a hologram for you to follow when building the ship. Gameplay 9.7/10 (They had to lose some points for the gunplay).Cons:*AI. This is a frequent issue from the community. There is no danger in this game. In minecraft, you have mobs. The worst you get in this game is drifting ships with guns and meteor showers. The lack of danger is my biggest issue. The only reason I want to play survival is because I want to see if I can survive. For a uncharted asteroid belt in outer space, there are surprisingly few threats to challenge you. The only thing that I felt challenged was my patience. The best you can do right now is try to find a PvP server or set something up with friends. That being said, the devs may be planning something so we will wait and see. There is also a way to script basic AI, so I imagine there is something to be found in the steam workshop for download.*Limitations. While the world can be set to unlimited, there is no procedural generation. You spawn in an asteroid cluster and the asteroids you see are the only ones around you. You can keep going but you will find nothing. There is nothing to explore. **This being said, there was a blog post from the head of the development team earlier this week saying that they will not only add procedural asteroid generation, but they also plan to add direlect ships and stations for you to explore. They will be using designs from the community for the most part.*Survival. I have no issue with creative, but for me, survival got boring after about 3-4 hours and I went back to dumping a couple hundred hours into creative.Overall I do not recommend buying this game solely for survival mode, but I recommend it for creative and the community, and to be a part of the creation of the best voxel game I have ever seen.TL;DR Buy this game."
,Recommended,244850,7625819,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Dinky Kang,Its is a very well made game with great graphics although it is still in alpha
,Recommended,244850,13813826,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bakob,"It's a fun game. With many new ways to build with blocks, since you're in SPACE."
,Recommended,244850,10376678,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tripping Pug,"Original review:  I've played over 400 hours so far, and I've only had the game for a few months.  Very addictive.  Even the least creative players can have fun designing ships, crashing them, salvaging them, building them, etc.  It's Minecraft on steroids.  In space.  With rocket ships.  Epic.  An update every week, with the devs working overtime on any game breaking bugs they may introduce.  The fixes are sometimes out in the same day, sometimes only hours after the update.While it does need optimization (the min/max specs are a little misleading), that will come in the future.  It is only alpha right now, after all.  There are also quite a few jerks online who like to break all of your stuff, so if you share anything, make a backup first.  Every time.10/10.  Best $20 I've ever spent.  On anything.  Ever.Addon:  As I'm nearing my 1K hour mark, I figured I should edit this review.  There's been a lot of changes since I played, including some major game changing blocks, some basic missions, and some basic autopilot AI.  Still great, and only getting better.  Planets and real AI are coming, planets 'soon.'I currently have about 2 cents per hour in this game.  Let me reiderate: best $20 I've ever spent.  So if you're thinking about getting it, then do, unless you want instant gratification or computer controled enemies to fight.  In that case, don't, because if you can't focus on building and rebuilding ships till planets come out, then you won't find it fun.Have fun children."
76561198140586299,Recommended,244850,25120799,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,GameGibu12,"I love this game! It has a building interface like that of minecraft, but includes the thrill of space travel and survival. It allows me to control how difficult the game is by manipulating the settings. The things you can do with the game are almost limitless with the availability of mods. If you get bored of fighting the A.I. in singleplayer, then you can test your survival skills online. All this being said, there is one problem; Waiting. However, I don't want to discourage anyone from getting this game. The waiting and lag is a huge problem for those who are only playing games for a few hours as opposed to the people who game at an intense level. It takes long to load even singleplayer worlds, and it might crash when it finally loads. The lag is immense, and I have not even tried online yet. But hey, it gives you time to do other things, like eat lunch while your game is loading. I guess this is why it is in alpha. If you have some patience and a love for survival games with limitless possibilities, then this game is for you. P.S. I have a pretty slow computer, so it is much better on gaming laptops and desktop computers."
76561198008212451,Recommended,244850,25116386,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,stoneski,This game gets updated every week. They care about there players. Best game ive played.
,Recommended,244850,25121318,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Enea,My most played game to date.think space mimecraft with better graphics :D
,Recommended,244850,12960854,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kookas,It's not even finished and it's already amazing.
76561198004165811,Recommended,244850,9651355,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Alex Kass,Great sandbox game. Even alpha. Weekly updates with serious impovements. Great multiplayer. Lack of some mechanisms and not very large map thought.
76561198115054702,Recommended,244850,33467670,Posted: 11 July,all,Malon,"All in all, it's a great game but if you don't have a work horse of a pc, you're out of luck. I play, I get bored of it, then I come back later. If you get the hots for space stuff like I do then get the game, but get it while it's on sale because in it's current state this game feels more like 15.99 than it does a 24.99. It's been in Early Access since 2013 and it has improved since then but they still have a ways to go before this game can be labeled as complete. Another reason to get it on sale.I have had no issues with crashes really. Sure I've had a few here and there in the past but I also have a lot of mods so yeah....but to put it in perspective, I don't remember the last time my game crashed though it is wise to constantly save your game. The turret AI is ♥♥♥♥ing horrendous. Multiplayer wise.....everyone else nails it and this is just me but, 16 - 24 players is not ♥♥♥♥ing enough for a 1:1 scale of a 100km radius with asteroids and what not.Don't expect any kind of campaign or anything, it's a sandbox game. Though there are single player scenarios that are kinda like campaigns.Honestly I love the game. I gotta give it a thumbs up because every time I hop on, I always have a great time but the biggest down side is the fact that you need a work horse PC to play this game. Thankfully I'm blessed to have this comp but not everyone is in the same boat. They gotta work on optimizing this thing to max, like, Doom and Half Life 2.optimized to where a potato can run it on the lowest settings.As for bugs, I don't know any but ♥♥♥♥ rotors and pistons, it's never simple with those things."
,Recommended,244850,33395471,Posted: 8 July,all,rahmancbr150,"Only 75 hours into the game, chose Survival Mode even this is the first time playing, created a very little planetry scouting ship, not putting an oxygen container on purpose(trying to keep the ship small and to save raw material), put the ship into a flight test circling Mars, forgot to bring extra oxygen tank...Oxygen tank depleted, open the visor to use the oxygen inside cockpit, almost 1 hour later, oxygen inside the cockpit gets really low...Started to panic..Trying to pull the♥♥♥♥♥♥together...reading the distance to outpost which slowly gets closer...had visual to the outpost, eagerly descent to connect to the connector for oxygen resupply...Safely locked and resupplied..fuhh-it is my 1st risky flight test on Mars which i almost die from suffocating-next up, modifying the ship with ion thruster to travel into space...earth...i'm coming home.."
,Recommended,244850,7505602,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Panzerhexen,"Its a pretty good vidya, but its pretty unfinished"
76561198120540428,Recommended,244850,28968921,Posted: 2 January,all,Spreelly,this is where all the promises for No Man Sky went.
76561198273228007,Recommended,244850,34542348,Posted: 27 August,all,Kittytwister,Good
,Recommended,244850,29995086,Posted: 17 February,all,SynapticBoomstick,"I highly recommend playing Space Engineers on either a newer or the latest gaming PCs or laptops as the workload will quickly overwhelm anything else after twenty to thirty minutes.Active community and one of the coolest Workshops you'll see on Steam!I've been on this game for years now and I'm very glad that I stuck it through all the bugs, glitched, and other issues because things are coming together in an awesome way with a spectacular overhaul of the block graphics. Everything is even more machine-like than before!I live the dream of being a spacer here, surveying planets and launching probes to the moon. I drift between asteroids out in stellar space, dodging meteors and launching raids on pirate caches and bases while repeling Argentavis raids. Sometimes I'll play pirate myself and go after commercial freighters and mining ships or foolishly taking on a military minelayer or escort. All this while dealing with the problems actual engineers and programmers face.So go! Build an automated starship and crew with your friends or make a simple scrap ship and live the life of a salvage vagabond. Claim entire planets and systems as your own and cover them in cities or turn entire asteroids into weapons of war."
,Recommended,244850,30026455,Posted: 18 February,all,Reinhard Von Lohengramm,"Solid game, but definetly needs work to realise its full multiplayer potential. Playing with more than a few friends atm is a nightmare, and even small groups hav problems sometimes. But the gameplay itself is awesome and you'll have 200 hours in no time"
,Recommended,244850,29175333,Posted: 10 January,all,ExplodingPeanut,"An incredible game with a great team behind it. KSW has done such a nice job developing this game and is a really great, dedicated team. The game itself is fantastic with thousands of hours of gameplay options and the game is always changing and being updated, providing fun and what I believe to be the greatest sandbox game of all time. Don't hesitate to buy it! It's incredible."
76561198132882239,Recommended,244850,29991826,Posted: 17 February,all,Celivalg,"Let's be honest... this game isn't finished yet, and I don't expect it to be for many more years... But in the other hand, you've never seen a game with this physics engine (look at all these bu.. features!), and even if there is a lot of work to do to make this game playable at a reasonable level of headaches, playing it is worth it!Sure if you whant to play multiplayer with your friends, even in creative, you'll see more time going into setting up a proper connection without 'any' bugs (some of them are really, really weird... Have you ever seen a planet desapear in real life? If not, this game is for you!) than into building things and doing some CQ... But at the same time, the stuff that you can come up with in this game is incredible, just take a look at the workshop for example... type in the name of a ship that you've seen in a movie or in a game, and you'll find it!If you ever whant to play this game, don't expect everything do work from start, but give it a bit of love and you'll get it back!"
76561198255431149,Recommended,244850,29993397,Posted: 17 February,all,Grandpa Torx,"I love this game! The game has a great all around feel to it, the controls can be a little confusing but once you get the hang of it it's fun. No complaints about Space Engineers, keep up the good work SE team."
76561197972552085,Recommended,244850,34315987,Posted: 17 August,all,Fryo,"Very good game;  Once you are familiar with the editing tool in-game (which is very intuitive), this game is fun, challenging, and educational.  Physics is a tough subject to get past, and this game makes you feel it.  Trying to get off the starter planet to get into space is more difficult than expected.I play with friends and family on a dedicated server in survival mode.  It is so much fun.  Last night a friend made a disco ship with all kinds of flashing lights on it.  It was wild.  Playing with friends is the best.I recommend this game.  More to come from the developpers is very exiting."
,Recommended,244850,29165860,Posted: 10 January,all,war_hero1,one of the best
,Recommended,244850,29134461,Posted: 8 January,all,M9_Silence,Positive community and great game
,Recommended,244850,10191070,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ceeney,This game is so much fun. I would recomend it to any one who loves space ships.
,Recommended,244850,35320586,Posted: 29 September,all,R4PT0R77,"Space engineers has seen many improvements over the years and continues to meet expectations, been with the game since alpha and am looking forward to the promising future for this game."
,Recommended,244850,9333645,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,cally,"If you enjoy the thrill of gigantic robotic man-parts crashing into your three-hour creation, space engineers is the game for you. Spend countless hours messing with your friends' contraptions, whilst trying earnestly to understand how the rotation mechanics work. This game will bring many laughs, and even more tears. 10/10"
76561198158586914,Recommended,244850,12826578,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The1TrueJaeger,"I like this game because, well, I guess I am the type of person who likes to play sandbox games.I like building stuff freely and not having to stick to a story or missions.This in combination with engineering is great, being able to create complex machines, spaceships, etc.Lastly, another thing I like about this game, is that, because its still being developed, new items and blocks are constantly being added which I think is great, because in this way, there is always new stuff to explore.Love it, Great game.-TheJaegerBomb"
,Recommended,244850,11350156,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Dimension,its a good game
,Recommended,244850,7587327,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Pontus,I kamikazed my ship into my space station.10/10
,Recommended,244850,19173208,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,harralander in runescape,Planets
76561198099474148,Recommended,244850,10112317,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Luxor Valentine,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
,Recommended,244850,9750453,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Waglow Salami,"dis ghaym es rel goyd, whn iey frst plyd it i knowd that ths gaym wod mak it two teh top 11 of games."
,Recommended,244850,10466633,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Hasbinbad,Best $ on a game since Minecraft was $5
,Recommended,244850,9189531,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Para,They should have called this game Spaceautism. Because I cant stop.
,Recommended,244850,13532086,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,BuildomanWasCool,Awesome game and so much fun to play with friends. The mechanics are AMAZING and it works super well for being in alpha. So many possiblities with the ships and I love the game!
76561197972188671,Recommended,244850,10439822,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,XGun,"Build large ship crash it, fight friends, build cars, do a race."
,Recommended,244850,10432806,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Empty,"Space crafting at its finest, adding exploration like exploring planets that you can land on and alien races that are hostile and friendly with huge utopias and non advanced planets would be the cherry on the top.On it self just surviving in space and crafting no npcs or exploration it is a great game."
,Recommended,244850,10266679,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,bobz,1/10 Go Away Damo
,Recommended,244850,12431303,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ANFO,"This is the best game ever! Not only can you fulfil your dreams of becoming and astronaut, you can do it with style!From making giant missiles to ram into other ships to building giant space cities, Space Engineers is the game to get."
76561198001683720,Recommended,244850,13880203,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ghevd,"I don't know where to begin.  I literally gain enjoyment watching other peoples creations on youtube just as much as playing the game myself. If there was ever a game in early access that was worthy of your hard earned cash then this is it. The Devs deliver. Every Thursday something new comes out.The game is like legos with physics for people with half a brain. The possibilites ARE endless with the Steam Workshop integration already in, and on top of that the weekly updates.Finally, the price is right. Who can't spare 20 bucks? Thats when its not on sale. Well worth every penny.On a personal note. The NERVE of Spacebase DF-9 thinking their worth more then Space Engineers! I wouldn't give them half a cent for that game and would happily double what I paid for Space Engineers!"
76561198131232712,Recommended,244850,11469126,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Gunrule911,its awsome best game in space
,Recommended,244850,10183635,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Brodin,"It's a fun game to play for a few hours, especially with friends. The devs update and patch it frequently so despite it still being a WIP, its very playable. However, it gets boring after a while, especially if people keep blowing your♥♥♥♥♥♥up."
,Recommended,244850,24833793,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Chrym,10/10 Better than No Man's Sky
76561198134630411,Recommended,244850,29605953,Posted: 31 January,all,Stalker,"Excellent game, I have always enjoyed sandbox games and being allowed to build ships and stations is great fun. The game is constantly being added to bringing in new elements.  Got someone to play who said they hated these kinds of games and he now has 50+ hours."
,Recommended,244850,11015762,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Maso,this game really interesting..a very creative and great game from the developer
,Recommended,244850,14860668,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Scullman978,gr8 game
,Recommended,244850,14877141,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Quick_Nick,"Definitely enjoyable. Under rapid development with significant updates nearly every week. Still needs some more work on gameplay to be enjoyable to a wider audience. If you see it on sale, grab it."
,Recommended,244850,14853200,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,silverfox112,The game looks amazing and my friend loves it but I wasted my money. Please add lower resolutions or something because my computer can't handle the awesom! :'(
,Recommended,244850,14846213,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cheese,This game is a fun space sandbox but it's REALLY laggy on small computers.
,Recommended,244850,16752527,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,JamesFreeman5,"Space Engineers is very educational and fun at the same time. The graphics are beautiful and realistic, making the whole game seem like a movie because of how cinematic it is! I have literally played for a full week making bases and playing with my friends to make who knows what. I highly recommend this game and would like to see it when it is out of development!"
,Recommended,244850,8498436,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,nukeguard,"If you're a creative person, then this game is for you, with endless oportunities to create your space fleet and then destroy it! Multiplayer could use some updating in the code (which is coming), the community is fantastic, and the workshop items are over 100,000 now. So many mods to improve/change gameplay, and some dedicated servers have conquest modes for competition as well.However, the devs are considering allowing paid mods, of which I am uncertain if I like this concept. I have several mods on the workshop now and I am wondering how this will affect users that already have my mods.Overall, this game has vastly improved since I bought it in Nov 2013!"
76561198119476943,Not Recommended,244850,24829443,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The Yellow Armadillo,"Let me just say I love the idea of this game.I got this game right about when it came out, maybe a little after. Sure, there were bugs, but it was still fun to fly around on spaceships with your friends and try to survive the harsh realities of space. I can remember late nights spent with a group of friends sitting around a table, all of us gripping our mouses tightly and yelling commands at each other as our ship's engines started to fail, our masterpiece heading towards an increasingly large asteroid. We built epic bases, hunted down pirates, mined precious metals, pretty much did it all. I could really see the possibility for this game. But as the game developed, it got more and more buggy. Adding giant planets sure didn't help. The technology and developement was left in the dust of the ideas. The game became more and more demanding, to the point where it was impossible to play on our laptops, and became mostly unplayable due to bugs. If you want to buy this game, check back here in a year or six months, or until the game comes out of early access. In the mean time, try Emperion or another space based survival game. Space Engineers takes the cake for creativity, possibility, and gameplay, but it is simply not developed enough to be worth buying at this point in time. I sincerely hope the developers fix the bugs and reduce the demand of the game. Just don't waste your money on it now."
,Recommended,244850,13936739,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nova Viper Dwagoness,"Best space building game you could ever findOnly hard bit about it is creating your own ship idea's!Pros:HUGE modding supportMakers of the game use a trick called ""careing about players""Huge building gameSpace Ship Durby!Cons:May lag on your system, Games quite heavyGame is beta, So all cons are still being ironed out!!!!"
76561198253375902,Not Recommended,244850,19926699,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,siegemail,"This looked like an awesome game in the Let's Play I saw. But my computer can't handle this. The best I could get was 1fps rendering, with a response delay of at least 1 second. I know I have an old, low-resource machine, but come on!I can't play this game I love to watch. :("
,Recommended,244850,11862897,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,GreyRogue,"If you've ever played Minecraft back in the day, during pre-release, and wanted Notch/Jeb/Whoever to expand more on the Contraption Aspect (Red Stone, Pistons, levers and buttons) than the fantasy, you're in for a treat.Space Engineers is what you've been looking for, and more!Space Engineers (SE for short) isn't your everyday sandbox game. Its a sandbox game... IN SPACE! The two main features of this game, so far, are:Creative Mode: A free build mode with the only limitations being your computer, and your imagination!- In this mode blocks are placed instantly, no resources are required to power your creations, and death is no issue (in fact, it can be turned off)- One of the newer features for Creative is the Copy & Paste funciton (Ctrl-X for cut, Ctrl-C to duplicate, and Ctrl-V to paste from clipboard)Survival Mode: In this mode, you can die.-When building only a Framework of a block is placed, and its required for you to gather materials (Through mining, or salvaging other blocks with your grinder) to weld the block to completion.- The health system is divided into two parts: Your suits power, and your actual health. If you lose power while floating in space, whelp, you gon' die, slowly. Remember ""No one can hear you scream in space."" The other way you can die... well there's a thousand ways to die in space: Smash your face into an asteroid, Someone puts a drill to your face thinking its sweet sweet Uranium, your ship gets blown up, Random space debris decapitates you. The posibilities are endless.Some with the vanilla items in the game to use at your disposal are:-Armor blocks (Your basic building blocks, you get Heavy and Light)-Reactors: needs Uranium for Survival. Powers your creations-Thrusters: makes you go.-Gyros: makes you go the direction you want.-Gravity Generators: Holds you to the floor (Sperical Grav Gens were just added, so you can have a planet!)-Rotors: Makes things spin!-Pistons: Makes things go up and down!-Artificial Mass: Makes your things actually fall with the gravity.-Wheels! You're no limited to just space ships.-Drills, Grinders, Welders: Typical Mine, Salvage, Repair-Guns! You can have a hand held SMG, Gattling guns( and Automated Turrets), and dont forget ROCKETS! (also in automated turrets)-MUCH MORE!SE also features Steam Workshop. ""Big Whoop, All ill be able to do is download other peoples things.""Wrong. Not only can you download user created ships, you can download custom maps and asteroids.Last, and most importantly, MODS! You can download user created Mods. No going into files, no making backups, not hastle. Sub, and its all done for you!Now your thinking ""That sounds neat, but its still early access. Itll probably just go defunct.""NOPE! Keen has been doing an amazing job and are dedicated to this game.They have weekly updates every thursday. And not just your every day hot-fix bug be gone update.Every. Single. Week. They add in new features and or Blocks.Keen also listens to the communites suggestions for new content, whilst still keeping their vision of the game true.Let your imagination run rampant!"
76561198009343662,Not Recommended,244850,32242327,Posted: 7 June,all,22122 {C²},Immensely complicated and the 'tutorial' is useless. All I wanted was to build cool spaceships like in the videos but noo I have to trawl through three hundred different menus all telling me essentially nothing about what part does what job.
76561198058614824,Recommended,244850,10420200,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Stephen99911,IT IS BADASS!!!!
,Recommended,244850,10400709,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Father Quinnlan,this game is awesome. it really tests the limits of your exploration and your creative skills you can build almost anything whether it be mining ships and stations or an arsenal weapons and ships of mass destruction
,Recommended,244850,9775120,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Tezla Insanity,Bought the 4-pack when this game was 33% percent off and I say this games is worth it! It's fun to mess around in creative mode. Survival is fun and a challenge. Recomend this to anyone who is looking to try something new. Game updates almost every thursday :D
,Recommended,244850,9778889,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,wild crab,DO YOU WANT SPACEDO YOU WANT BUILTTHEN YES ENGINEER SPACE YES
,Recommended,244850,9795894,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Nazi,"can make spacedicks420/420Poon Pickler Just nowHOLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME SATISFIED MY SEXUAL DESIRE TO DRAW AND CREATE SPACE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR SELF FELLATIO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SPACE ENGINEERS IS LOVE, SPACE ENGINEERS IS LIFE!!!"
,Recommended,244850,9762943,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Mortus,"There's no feeling quite like spending hours building an intricately-designed spaceship, seeing your creation come to life, hopping into the pilot seat, and immediately crushing it upon an asteroid because I forgot to turn on the freaking inertial dampeners again!"
76561197978232684,Recommended,244850,9811783,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,[Asgard] Thor,"At first the game wasn't anything special, mine the asteroid, painstakingly grab each ore piece, smelt the ores, nothing new. Then I built a ship with a couple of mining drills on the front and drive straight into what I need. Then I went further and started hijacking passerby ships and towed them back to home base in some weird salvage/junkyard operation. The game seems to be updated somewhat quickly. Finally an early access that doesn't suck♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,244850,13778686,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,R|c|G SlendySloth,"Space Engineers is one of the BEST early access games i have ever played, it is a nicely-paced, fun, difficult yet oddly satisfying game, one of the best feelings is finally finishing your ship and cruising around in it, mining and shooting.This game needs to be bought if you like space, enginnering or really gaming in general10/10"
,Recommended,244850,8746914,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Napalm,Amazing.Constant updates. Great game. Pretty good community.
,Recommended,244850,10134576,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Scared Straight the Porno,SPACE
76561198108021396,Recommended,244850,13601191,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,DJ45X,Great game to play with friends. Excellent for bringing out the creativity for kids as well as for adults.  Definitely looking forward to what keen Software will add next. 10/10
,Recommended,244850,19190242,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mr16Dollars,This game is quite fun.There are bugs and other things but it is in alpha.The game is updated every tuesday with somthing new like thrusters or just simple bugfixes and the develepers is quite active in posting videos showint of these new updates.I give this game a 8/10
76561198118789556,Recommended,244850,19190054,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Bennire,Very good creative game.
76561198087394546,Recommended,244850,19173392,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Shieldmate,"One of the best space sandbox game out there, but it has still a long way to go before it is finished.Space Engineers has the best 3D space ship customazitation so far, because you simply build every bit of it (along with KSP, but these games are very different). It's very open to the community, the source code is being shared via github and as a result the workshop is full of features like new blocks, utility scripts and other creations. Yes, it is still under development with bugs and it is one long hype train thanks to the enthusiastic dev team that walks paths nobody walked before them."
,Recommended,244850,13363712,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,inFamousMax,Yes get this game already.
76561198027107176,Recommended,244850,19930773,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Omega Gemellus,"Hello viewes of reviews; most of you reading this post will know a game called Minecraft.  Minecraft has been one of the best games developed due to its simple but extensive world and creativeness.  With such a great game, can anything match Minecraft?  I give you Space Engineers, to next step after minecraft.  If your wanting to build spaceships, factories, and explore different planets, its Space Engineers.   Would you want to try and survive in space with your friends?  Its Space Engineers.  Do you want to have a good idea what space is like?  Visit Space engineers.Thus I recommend this game for those who love to be creative and want to hang out with friends.  *Note:  this game is moderately complex and I suggest asking a friend who has the game to give you a quick tutorial."
76561198169180143,Recommended,244850,19930638,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,thehouseofbeasley,best game ever
76561197969726586,Recommended,244850,19929680,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,HomeSlice989,Probably one of the best crafting games I have ever played. Beats Mind craft out of the water. 10/10 if you like Space exploration / survival / crafting.
,Recommended,244850,7748902,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Spoiler Alert,"They keep comming out with awesome updates and I keep having to update my review because I love where this game is going!Space Engineers is everything I wanted in a space builder. The devs are probably some of the coolest guys around and they update with ACTUAL CONTENT unlike other indie companies. They tackled adding 64 bit into their game and added multiplayer within a reasonable timeframe. (As in some devs take forever to do this. these guys actually get off their asses) and now PLANETS.There is still a noticeable lack of optimization (people who like to build massive ships will still run into performance issues) but other than that it's a fantastic game.Crashing ships is fun as hell and shows very realistic damage - Walking through a gutted space ship after an explosion or collision is spectacular. Controlling your spaceship is very simple in Space Engineers, much more simple than other space voxel games like corneroids.Dec 3, 2015 - Okay, great job adding planets, guys! Now, make multiplayer stable!"
,Recommended,244850,9650169,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Circles,you can make♥♥♥♥♥♥spaceships
,Recommended,244850,28285035,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Gizmo_RA2,"10/10 will trip over own feet and die in an airlock againBe aware it is still a Work In Progress, and the multiplayer has it's crashes (and probably single player)Well worth supporting the developers working on this :)"
76561197988771356,Recommended,244850,13353708,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,TouchtoneDiscO,I recommend this game to anyone who got bored of minecraft and needs something fresh and exciting to play.This game lets you be creative and the use of physics is great.
,Recommended,244850,19221825,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,England is my city,*builds a massive ship**looses world save**rages**builds it again**data file corrupted**rage quits**returns**builds a base**base gets overtaken while offline**connects**insta death*11/10 would build again
,Not Recommended,244850,24984830,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Rawberry,"I love this game. I loved this game back before planets, and I loved planets too.Unfortunately, this is one of the worst optimized games I've ever seen. Rivalling the PC version of Arkham Knight, this game is absolutely horrendous unless you have a beefy computer.If you can handle lag, or have a beefy computer, get this game. If you don't? Don't.If and when this game gets optimization, this review is changing to positive. Until then, I advise you to pass on this game."
76561198168859969,Not Recommended,244850,25574320,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Aunt Fanny,"This game is complete bull. I build a new PC with a Sapphire Radeon RX460, and the game says my graphics card is not sufficaint. I can play loads of other games on max settings. I tried to refund but they denied the request because I have held the game for more than 2 weeks, only because I was building my new PC."
,Recommended,244850,12933556,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Shadow Fang,"amazing game to play! Build it, destroy it, build it better! And then fly it against your friend!Still one of the best! Planets added, newtonian physics respected. multiplayer still is glitchy, but otherwise, a great game!"
76561198035575706,Recommended,244850,20837046,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,zignotzag,"Quite an engaging experience for those who enjoy sandbox building games. The single player portion of the game is solid enough on its own to recommend in a positive light. Know though, that it would be imprudent to expect perfection. The game is not without its issues.If the multi-player aspect is what you are interested in you may want to spend some time doing a little research on the forum here and over at the official site before opening your wallet.Make no mistake that in either case this game will kick your computer right in the nads in some circumstances. However, as the game is still incomplete in its status, there is potential for that to be rectified to some degree before a full release.The community seems quite active, and as is the case in many of these indie early access games, you have those that will speak no condemnation, those that will speak no praise, and those somewhere in-between with realistic expectations.The bottom line for me is that I have paid more for games I have enjoyed less, for far shorter of a time period."
,Not Recommended,244850,20384836,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Starwolf,"I've played this game quite abit, enjoyed myself quite abit, and I'd have to say... I'll never ""early access"" another game again.   2+ years of development and 1,000,000 copies sold, and it's a nearly unplayable buggy mess.I've worked around most of the frustrations, but with MANDATORY weekly updates that completely make the game unplayable for a week... it's not ready for your money or mine.Pass this one up until the dev team either tests their patches or fixes their development cycle.  Game-breaking bugs are introduced in most patches that make persistent worlds or a permanent server an untenable option.  Things that literally 5 minutes of playtesting might have discovered.I'll chalk this up to another devoloper abusing the ""early access"" and ""alpha"" monikers.  Keen (The developer) has taken your money and spent it on other projects, I.E. other companies, such as ""GoodAI"" and releasing other crappy pre-alpha early access fodder such as Mideval Engineers.Seriously though, Let's stop funding this crap."
,Not Recommended,244850,34023002,Posted: 4 August,all,God,"I am finally writing a review after 3 or so years because this game was one of my favorite games, despite what everyone says about multiplayer because you could build so many cool contraptions with in game programming. Unfortunately this game has finally kicked the bucket, all those screenshots you see on the store page are not real anymore. They destroyed all of their textures, and until they fix their textures so they don't look worse than the original Doom, I am not going to be recommending this."
76561198047293857,Not Recommended,244850,32182494,Posted: 4 June,all,Shellexy,"In the short time I played I had the game crash or encountered a bug 3 times. I would not recommend buying or playing this game. -- Game crashed during mission 01 and 02. Encountered bug where couldn't get out of the seat of the escape pod in mission 02. Encountered bug when tried starting a new game (crash - easy mode) and when I tried flying the ship the view was messed up then when leaving the controls, I was stuck and couldn't move.Edit: It also doesn't close properly and keeps running, doesn't even show up in task manager but if I click play via steam it says it's running."
,Recommended,244850,13779589,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bacchus,Best Indie Game Ever. Beautiful Piece of Art
,Recommended,244850,11504605,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,M808V,"this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. it has nothing in common with the triple-A games nowadays.i mean, seriously, what kind of successful game has weekly updates filled with tons of stuff that you would actually usein-game?♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, right?and when did listening to the fans became a thing?just look at the forums, the devs are doing it completely wrong,implementing everything the community wants and asks for!not to speak about the content that's already available...gameplay: i haven't played much of the survival, but i can tell you: on the hardest setting, surviving isn't a task, it's a lifegoal IRL!offering an enormous selection of blocks, your imagination is literally the only limit. they even implemented wheels after a lot of nagging from the players!the similarity with minecraft is that you build with specific blocks. thats where the similarities end.10/10i can't tell you how great every aspect of this game is."
76561198037375150,Not Recommended,244850,25263115,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Lumpus,"This ""game"" plays like Garry's Mod with space-themed components, only worse. Despite the simple graphics it's far laggier than it has any right to be. Multiplayer is almost pointless -- though you can eventually find another player there's no real interaction other than being able to kill each other with terrible animations.Spent my 2.5 hrs trying and failing to get started in a non-hostile environment where we could learn the game.  Thankfully was able to refund this way overpriced game, both copies."
76561198007959303,Not Recommended,244850,25263453,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Johnny,Still an unplayable mess if you actually want to do anything interesting with the game. The multiplayer in No mans sky runs better than the multiplayer here!
,Recommended,244850,10421286,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,LES IS MOREx,i bad boy in this game :}
,Not Recommended,244850,23894503,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kerbz,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244850,9500512,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,TheCatOfWar,"MINECRAFT + SPACE + GUNS + GRAPHICS + CRASHING SPACESHIPS+ ROCKET LAUNCHERS + BUILDING SPACESHIPS + LOTS MORE = SPACE ENGINEERS = BUY IT NOAWThat's the basics for those who don't like lectures.It started as a Spaceship crashing sim, more or less, and I bought it because that sounded amazing. It was. Hell, it still is. But since it's alpha, it's updated around once a week. That meant it got better by the week, and at the time of typing this they'd just added survival (and multiplayer about a month prior), which essentially made Minecraft, but almost everything Minecraft did, Space Engineers did better.Building is block based, but you get slopes and corners so you can make circular ships if that's your thing. You can build large ships, small ships or stations, and the main difference is you can use different things for each type, and blocks are much smaller for small ships (but use less rescorces if you're playing survival). If you want to build a ship the size of the death star, so be it, but mind it would lag.Surviving and managing ships involves mining ores, with a small hand-drills or ones built in to ships. You put the ores into refineries to turn them into ingots, then put them into an assembler to craft something, be it building materials or automatic rifles. Make sure to mine lost of uranium to put into your reactors, otherwise you'll have no power for your life support or ship systems. You always have a jetpack, to make getting around space easier.If you're more destructive then you'd like to know that the game's damage engine is phenomenal. Blocks don't just disapear when hit with other ships or weapons. They crumple, twist, dent, float away realistically. If you like you can just play in creative mode, build a ship with a ton of rocket launchers and go on a PVP server to fight to the death.OK, the game is AMAZING, but the only con I can think of is the fact it's rather performance heavy, and will eat away at your graphics card. If your CPU's intel, you're gonna need a decent card unless you like playing it at 240p to get a good framerate.With AMD, an APU (A4, A6, A8, A10) should run it OK, otherwise you'll need a dedicated GPU.Verdict: BUY IT"
76561198010572511,Not Recommended,244850,32447182,Posted: 15 June,all,HebrewHammer,This Game felt like it has good potential but it was still too unfinished for me to recommend. My biggest problem with the game is how the controls felt clunky/laggy. The solo part takes too long  to build anything and flying around looks cool in the video but the controls have you flying into a cliff more often then not.
76561198156832313,Recommended,244850,28772758,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Big Howie,good game i beat my meat while playing it it makes me moist
,Recommended,244850,24652077,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Oleas,"Awesome game , especially with friends."
,Recommended,244850,29134936,Posted: 8 January,all,Dudeman Shaq,"Goddamn, this game is good."
76561198013804828,Not Recommended,244850,24007212,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paddywacko,"See below for my original post, as it still has merit in my opinion, however I've spent more time trying to see what this game has to offer. If you're new to it and looking to try the survival mode as I was, turn the environmental hazards off, and don't play on a planet world. They are relentless and make the game virtually unplayable for a new player.Why? Planets have robot dogs that apparently eat metal and space engineers, and prefer to spawn in packs of 3-6 every 1-4 minutes. This results in dying several times per hour, and a naturally occuring ""game reset"" as they consume both your body and the three blocks you've managed to build since the last time you died.Also, the environmental hazards are meteor storms that spawn centered on your head once every five minutes. They might not kill you, but they wreck any bases they touch. For example, I was robodog free on an asteroid base with a pre generated reactor and some crafting machinery. I thought the meteor storms were cool until one spawned on my head instead of somewhere else in ""infinite"" space and hit nothing. Except the reactor, which it obliterated. I had been playing for maybe 15 minutes at this point, so I had some components. I thought I would just build another one, but discovered I was still short some required components. I thought ""No problem, I'll just craft them really fast."" Pause.I need components to build a reactor.I need an assembler to build components.I need a reactor to power an assembler.Ergo, I floated off into space and died after about an hour of scrambling to find Step 1 that every sandbox survival game should have. Turns out Step 1 in Space Engineers is ""Start new game"" where they hand you a reactor, a refinery, and an assembler because the game is unplayable without any one of those things.Where this game currently shines is in the building. Once you turn it to safe mode and lose the dogs, you can actually make progress. Building ships in Space Engineers is immensely satisfying, requiring forethought, intentional block placement, and testing. The blocks they have are just plain cool, and each one offers a level of complexity and functionality that I find other games of this genre lack. The logic is fun and easy to use too. It almost made me forget how infuriating some of the previously mentioned content is.All of that said, I can say that I'm happy I bought it, though my negative recommendation will still stand as long as all that good stuff remains buried under so many half-baked and frustrating features.Original post:It's raw, complicated, and unpolished for a game already in development for several years. I spent 10 hours confirming that the crafting system is cyclical, meaning you can't start from scratch, and if you run out of power, which every thing in the game is trying to make happen, you will float into space and die without a single action you can take to rectify the situation.Pretty graphics, great physics, needs a metric shipload (see what I did there?) of work before I can recommend this, even at $8 on sale. Seriously, go play StarMade."
76561198028069169,Not Recommended,244850,24225501,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,chaser_446,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.The game has/had great potential.However due to the many bugs, broken physics, and overall current state of the game. You will simply be annoyed or frustrated eventually at something that costs you hours of work. All i wanted was to have some ship drills on pistons on my ship so that i could extend them out and drill more easily. This however caused a bug that would lock my ship into an infinite spin eventually destroying it and breaking loose the pistons.I then tried to make airlock doors (why this isnt a default feature i will have no clue) using the programming block. As a c# developer i cannot stress enough how odd the API system is and how irritating the structure and lack of forsight in this game is.Overall, if you want to build simply ships and not do anything more, this game might work for you. If you want to do complex and cool systems this is not the game for you as you will just build something cool and it might work for awhile until some glitch or bug causes your entire ship to destroy itself. The game also is basically abandoned from a development standpoint.Again... DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,244850,24454185,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Musin☭☭☭☭☭☭,"You need a good computer to run this game. If not it will be a big potato.Good mecanics, crapply lag, weird controls,4/10 IGN"
76561197989058837,Not Recommended,244850,24083072,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Johnman,"The game can be pretty fun in multiplayer, and it gets boring fast in single player, since there is little to nothing to explore. The optimization, however, is abysmal. It has been getting worse and worse over time and it shows no sign of getting solved. It is safe to say that at this point the devs probably have too much of a cluster♥♥♥♥ in their netcode to be able to optimize it properly."
,Not Recommended,244850,20242287,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,kukanani,This game is like Minecraft on steroids. But the interface is so clunky and complex that you will have a hard time even getting around your world. I love the concept but it needs a lot more playtesting to make sure that it is actually fun.
,Recommended,244850,33020792,Posted: 29 June,all,TheNoobNerds,Even though the game has its bugs (annoying of bugs mind you) the game is still really fun.
76561198153963938,Recommended,244850,21405314,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,DeCoste_O_Saurus,"Very fun, but you need a good computer to play."
76561198040786919,Recommended,244850,21412501,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,lyulf,I like complicated games.This is complex and challangeing with some good serious creativity options.only a couple bugs i have ran into. nothing a restart cant fix though.
,Recommended,244850,21667626,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Anoose,.
,Recommended,244850,21417724,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Shaddy Shack,"*loads game*Crashes ships into other ships.""lets do that again again""*60 some hours later*""Maybe i should try to build something""""nah""5/5 would crash ships again"
76561198103657726,Not Recommended,244850,25044059,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Lone Wulf,"while i do love this game very much, and have been playing for a very long time....each update i feel...just breaks the game, the update that came out yesterday broke convayers. ive had a lot of fun making ships and fighting my friends, but you devs have got to step it up and fix the game, and then make it so it can handle large scale battles, because im tired of the game freezing and crashing when i try to fight a big ship. right now i cant recommend the game until its fixed, sorry"
,Recommended,244850,28415791,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,i didnt play alot.
,Recommended,244850,21399575,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Billy,great game buy it asap.
,Not Recommended,244850,25619149,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Concrete Galoshes,"Can't play on planets. Simply.Not to mention, after a few hours of playing ships that are spawned in, don't actually... de-spawn.I've been forced to go in, and delete ships manually that are so far away that you can't see them.But are there, and cause a severe memory leak to the game.Causing FPS drop, and crashes.The devs' just took too much on to said plate, at once.Game started off good, but it's now dying with a slow, pop-fizzle."
76561198037181429,Recommended,244850,23037685,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,captainbladej52,"This game is a great building game and is a fun game to play overall. For lack of a better way of putting it, think minecraft in space except a heck of alot better. It uses technology we could conceivably have or hopefully will have in the near future. The game itself is great and will provide you with many hours of entertainment be it in survival mode or creative.Pros:-Design your own fighters/large ships and stations.-Full mod support-can host your own server-variety of mods and blueprints available in the workshop-many different play modes and worlds-wide variety of celestial bodies to explore ranging from asteroids to planets and moons-virtually unlimited space to explore-ships and stations only limited by your time and imagination. if you can think it you can build it-devs are usually very quick to acknowledge bug reports and to start getting fixes outCons:-combat not fully optimized yet and can be a bit laggy-game can be a bit unstable at times though typically not very long-hydrogen tanks take way too long to fill imo. (really more of a nit pick but one gripe i had with survival)-display information not as detailed on objects as I would like. for me there are a few more items I would like to see on the hud or displays for cockpits, such as a fuel gauge and a few other measurements. again kind of a nit pick but still something I wouldn't mind seeing.Overall this is a very great game. At the end of the day though I would advise people to keep in mind this game is still technically in Alpha and hasn't even made it to beta testing yet. As the game is refined, polished and made better, there are going to be changes. Issues that you see now and even ones that I posted in this may not be issues tomorrow. This game has some great potential considering that it's still in Alpha and they already have this much stuff done for it. The final product will be epic. If you're looking for a fun game that you can play with your friends, or team up to take on the enemy computer factions, then this game won't disappoint. The game will only get better as time goes."
76561197973182150,Recommended,244850,12831264,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,CommanderDiecom,Best Game EVER and getting BETTER!!!!!!!
76561198082685160,Not Recommended,244850,25299301,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,TJefferson,"The game is fun while it is working. Basic functionality constantly fails. Game mechanics behave eratically. Pervasive issues, such as difficulty in welding/grinding intended components, have been ignored.After playing on a planet and having my third ship randomly blast off into space of its own accord, I have decided to stop playing."
76561197965135729,Not Recommended,244850,25843764,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Stringfellow1983,Just reinstalled after getting fed up with Ark and find that the clients cant save games anymore. No point in multiplayer unless you have a dedicatd server.
,Recommended,244850,8047118,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Difficulty Tweak,Amazing fun. Good god the destruction engine is good.Anyways..Engine=11/10Sound=4/10Building=10/10Music=5/10(only like two tracks)GWAFIX=10/10total score=40/50
,Recommended,244850,12261698,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Klingenmeister,"Full german review:http://www.topfree.de/space-engineersGrind materials, build a Space Ship and crash it into a meteor. The dream of every kid. Actually, the game is doing good in fulfilling this dream.The game runs on a modified version of the Havoc engine and offers a decent 3D space enviroment with realistic physics in zero gravity and vacuum.With a toolset of different forms of blocks, building parts and engines, you can design really nice looking ships and are also able to fly them.With focus on realism you wont find laser guns and warp drives, but the survival in a hostile environment with the constant need of energy ressources to maintain your vital systems.The game isnt really finished and playing the survival mode doesnt feel, like its worth the time.But the core of the game is amazing:Building: You are able to build complex structures, that can do different tasks in different situations, like battlestations, refinerys, mining rigs, scouts, transporters and space stations.Factions: You are able to team up with other players, and make alliances and war with other factions. Also systems can be protected, so they are only usable by you or your teammates.Technological Playground: To play with the game-engine you have a big toolbelt of tech: Sensors, wheels, pistons and rotors, remote controls, explosives and artificial gravity. From creating an elevator to building a big racing track or an automatic repair station, you can build, what you can immagine.Weekly updates give you a feeling of safety, you dont have in other early access games. Still on an early stage, the game is constantly evolving and hopefully will be a big thing in the next years.Because of the limits to the engine, the game world currently very small and empty.If you dont have a good PC or if you are not creative and just want a space experience, the game will disappoint you.But if it is your big thing to build and create, this game already has everything you ever wanted."
,Recommended,244850,35013428,Posted: 16 September,all,DOUGHNUT182,it's a nice little creative tool with plenty of charm but the survival mode really is only fun with friends
76561198179148649,Recommended,244850,35010035,Posted: 16 September,all,[ǤϻϻƦ]Sgt.Grim,Really is a good game once you have the controls down. A++
76561197985662848,Recommended,244850,9177151,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Gary Boosty,Played the game for 8 hours straight without noticing.
,Recommended,244850,8665669,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,-\/G- Zelus Renardii | Hotline,"I love this game, I only got to play it once (a good once) because it requires a somewhat powerful graphics card. But that being said that means it has amazing grahphics and physics."
76561197992899560,Recommended,244850,8766372,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Sentien,"Constant updates, going to be one epic sandbox!"
,Recommended,244850,9182849,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,MajorLemming,"Legos in SpaceThis is my initial impression of Space Engineers. In the time I spent with it, I built a ""Space Bus"" and crashed several different vehicles. The best way to explain Space Engineers is that is operates like Legos in space. You build whatever your imagination fancies out of blocks and other bits. Building is easy and efficient and really only limited to your imagination. You can also color your creation and fly it about the randomly generated space world. For those who fancy construction it does this very well.Of course, the ying to constructions yang is destruction. And you can do this with anything you build. You can fly ships into other ships, space stations, or asteroids. This is equally as fun as building in Space Engineers.But, Space Engineers does something even better. The Space part. The physics model is absolutely amazing. Flying ships is not like in Wing Commander or Strike Suit Zero. Space flight is based on actual physics. Thrusters are used to steer and move your ship. Bigger ships require bigger thrusters. Thankfully, Space Engineers understands it is still a game and inertial dampeners are included with your space suit. It makes moving about in space infinitely more easy. Of course, you can swith this off and have some fun just reenacting the movie Gravity.I have not spent much time in multiplayer, which traditionally is not my cup of tea, but it seemed pretty good of what I tried of it.Definitely worth a go, even in its Early Release state."
,Recommended,244850,14939925,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Manach [GWJ],"It's Minecraft in space when Minecraft was in Alpha.It is very unique, and survival is fun. Played 15 minutes in the free weekend, not expecting anything, and already at 50+ hours played.Workshop is a must, and the community is fantastic so far.You like Space Games ? Get it.You like Builder Games ? Get it.You like being a griefer in other games, and be totally legit ? Get it.You already have the game ? Get it for friends !2 thumbs up!"
,Recommended,244850,8654546,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,kirby_,"Great game, little laggy... but maybe that's just me."
,Recommended,244850,7477592,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Randy Boebandy,Amazing and Creative game. Runs suprisingly well even though it's in Alpha and it's Early Access on Steam. This game will continue to be updated and I look forward to the updates! The developers made a fantastically polished game and everyone should buy it. Especially if you like Minecraft.
76561198055854719,Recommended,244850,8061707,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,kampfirekiller,"It,s really fun I hope it will be even better when it's finished!!!"
,Recommended,244850,8903664,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Demonic csgoroll.com,"The new update with planets is lel---------------------------------------------Graphics Ultra-20 fps, not bad tbhPlays for a while.Looks at pc heat indicator, Sees red. PC overheated in less then 5 minutes.Watercooled PC is broken. LED stays on red, pc keeps cooling on max. few days later still not fixed. while watching Movie led turned off so did my coolers. 11/10 pc overheater simulator."
76561197986812069,Recommended,244850,9253128,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Zel0t,Build a Borg cube and crash it into♥♥♥♥♥♥ whats not to like?
76561198077660683,Recommended,244850,8063696,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Kendrish Lambino,"i love this game, so entertaining with the possibilities that you can create. I personally think that this game would be good with more upbeat music, overall its a good game and i cant wait for multiplayer"
,Recommended,244850,9232134,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ikarruu,"Even in it's ""Early Release"" form, this game has much to offer. And it can only get better. Think Legos, but in space with jetpacks and rocket pods. Also, the gravity engine is THE single best I've seen. Can't wait to see how it expands."
76561198090702957,Recommended,244850,9369749,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Vampiric Falcon39,"(WARNING HORIBAL SPELLING)Space Engineers is a mine craft in space in development. It has a soft body engien, creating system for ships, GUNS, multiplayer, and more to come. Server creating is noob freindly (me) so any one can do it. The game is great but you will needed to learn key bindings in the game to give your ship a sweet a$$ paint job or give your guy color. This game for me was fun and creative for all the ships i made over 5hours playing it and sences it still in development it means you have more stuff to look forword too in the game.Overall BUY THE F@$#ING GAME.P.S. noobs or people in general will always shoot you first."
76561198065067348,Recommended,244850,8741929,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Cashew Hut,"This game is awesome, I have had so much fun in it and due to the release of multiplayer it would be great if more people bought this game."
,Not Recommended,244850,29884599,Posted: 12 February,all,flamesoff,"The game development has begun from an interesting idea. But, neverending ""early access"" state, also as neverending bugs, which seems never gonna be fixed, not allows me to recommend this game."
,Recommended,244850,34982273,Posted: 15 September,all,Dr. Noob,"Awesome game, I would recomend."
,Recommended,244850,9856313,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Geffenleffen,"Buy it... play till your hearts content... you will not regret it, that's all that needs to be said about this game."
,Recommended,244850,10164764,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Modemus,"Amazing game, in depth, insanely fun, and 300% better than Minecraft and KSP combined. not just a block builder, the actual ""blocks"" are only 8 out of the near 100 peices you can use to construct your craft.How good is it?I have owned the game for 9 days. I have logged 80 hours on it in those 9 days.80 hours divided by 24 hours in a day= 3.33 days out of the 9 i have spent playing this game...Need i say more?"
76561198191475121,Recommended,244850,35022968,Posted: 17 September,all,ericwi,If your thinking about this this is very much a beta game. It has long load screens and some interface issues. It has a good consents and is a minecraft in space. Needs more tutorials on ship building from scratch. For $10 ish it's a over all good game. 7 out of 10
76561198067206910,Recommended,244850,35009436,Posted: 16 September,all,Mantha,"This game may have quite a way to go yet, but all games have bugs and not-so-good points right? As it is, this is an overall great game. In fact this is my dream, this is what I want to do with my life and future made into a computer game: Designing, building, testing, flying, and engineering spaceships and spacestations. For anyone who either (or both!) likes space and ever had thoughts of building their own spacecraft or anyone who has a creative mind and likes to build things that are feasible in the real-world, I recommend this game to you.And anyone looking at this and going ""Ehhh..."" remember: It's still in beta! And for people saying ""It's been in beta for years!"", you must realize that many large-scale games take years to complete! Besides, I'd like to see you make a game like this and get it working as mostly-smoothly :P"
,Recommended,244850,13349847,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,bagger,"A really cool game where you can build WHATEVER you want, IN SPACEEEE! You can build a space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shooting ♥♥♥♥ing rockets!!"
76561198140600413,Recommended,244850,15411074,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,RedivusPilot3,I think this is a grate game for people that have ship desings and station desings to build and have fun with there friends.
,Recommended,244850,13972313,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,[UESC]Coxzee=FILTH=,"Space Engineers is a masterpiece of computer programming and design by KeenSWH that has a level of physics and space engineering that allows the player to create an almost infinate amount of complex engineering designs.Space Engineers has come a long way since I first bought the title and continues to be updated on a weekly basis with great new features and then fast bug fixes in the following few day's.If you like building and experimenting with all manner of space related project designing, fully fuctional space ships of all kinds, bases, stations and such you should love Space Engineers because the things you can build is endless.I have played for over 1.900 hours and in all that time I have never not been able to play Space Engineers due to a bug and I have enjoyed every minute.I have a five year old mid range computer with a duo core 2.4Khz , 8GB ram , and a G-Force GT610 1GB and I can build massive ships and worlds with no problems at all.Now with procedural asteroids and exploration mode you can litterally travell your whole life in the game and not get from one side to the other.It is not just empty space either as they're adding player subscribed ships and stations to the world of which so far we have had the first batch with more to follow.The game is also open to modding and these modders really add some fantastic things to the workshop and being supported by Keen they're very reliable as well.Now Keen have introduced the programmable block we can make up great scenarios worlds and upload to the workshop so you can try your hand at level design and that is very exciting.The main problem people complain about is the pvp or multiplayer aspects of the game and the lag that effects game play when you have upwards of five or more players all with ships.As I only play single player or with just a couple of friends I have not had much issues with this problem but if you want a pvp massive multiplayer experience then maybe you should wait until Keen optimize the game engine because as with all early access games the multiplayer always suffers simply because more players equalls more code, internet veriables and so on.I have absolutelly no doubt that this will improve in time and when optimized will be a really great multiplayer experience.All in all Space Engineers is a fantastic game with a fantastic development company KeenSWH and if like me you love building and experimenting then I think you will love this game."
,Recommended,244850,10488014,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,94th | Brk007,Eğer yaratıcılığı seviyor ve arkadaşlarınızla güzel bir vakit geçirmek istiyorsanız gerçekten çok iyi bir oyun.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you liking creativity and want to have a good time with your friends it's really good game.
76561198079703574,Recommended,244850,18884596,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TheTechWells,I have been playing this game for almost a year now but much more heavly in the past few months. The game itself amazing and gives you the freedom and thrill of building really cool things in space. There is quite a large learning curve when you first pick up the game but I am sure that it is not harder to get into than any other large open world game. Really love the weekly updates and can't wait to get more.
76561198011863805,Not Recommended,244850,25897694,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,EpicWinNoob (V@lve owes me $11),"I used to love this game when it first came out, the concept was great, but I cannot support this, that has now become a steaming pile.Keen Software can sure add new content every thursday, but they sure as hell can't optimize it worth sh!t and can't seem to understand that fixing the game so it is playable and doesn't have the potential to completely soft-lock your computer just from trying to start the m0therfocking game despite having well above the minimum specs is a MUCH better priority as of now, because at this point I almost want to demand a refund.If they can't understand that, I urge everyone to stop giving them money for this game until they fix the mounting issues they continuously create and then subsequently ignore.We don't need new blocks right now Keen Software, we need a game that doesn't potentially force you to hard-restart your computer (holding down the power button) just to make it operable again."
,Recommended,244850,10030857,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Unpractical,Better than 2001 Space Odysee
76561198078632375,Recommended,244850,16022524,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,K@Pp@™,I recommend this game cause it has a lot of building and messing with friends.Would really like to others to play it. Thank you
,Recommended,244850,19228217,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Air Knight,very dank
,Recommended,244850,7804401,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,BrodyL12,"THIS GAME IS GREAT. This game with everything thats in it, you can play forever. BUT IT IS NOT EVEN A FULL GAME YET. This game is in early access and is one of the best early access games you can get. Super fun gameplay. Multiplayer is soon to be added. and cool building mechanics. ((BUY THIS GAME))"
,Recommended,244850,10407386,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mr Ali Mac,"Fantasic game, best Alpha (And possibly full game when released) I have in my library. Large potential and I can't wait to see what the devs add to this in the future. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,244850,8262136,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Illustrio,"It was right about the time I bludgeoned a ship into pieces with my own wildly flailing body that I realized what an amazing game this was. I've only played for a little over an hour, but the sheer awe that this game inspires in me is mind-boggling. The controls are intuitive, the physics engine is as impressive as promised, and it's only fifteen bucks! I, personally, would advise snapping it up now, before it gets out of alpha and they increase the price.17.6/10"
76561198108722172,Recommended,244850,28401280,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Kraezon,"From the start space engineers showed great promise, and still does!The development team are exellent at communicating their progress and there are real improvements with each update!This is a great game for sandbox lovers, space lovers, and lovers of physics in games! The most recent update made me very happy, my ships look awesome and the graphical changes have inspired me to make all new designs! :D"
,Recommended,244850,13363939,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Psomingno,"It's minecraft, in space, and with a competent dev. 10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,244850,13063423,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Corgi,Spend 30 minutes getting minerals for a new turrent only to have it destroy my ship 10/10
,Recommended,244850,12869875,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,⎠Zushikatetomoto⎝☢ ☠ ☢,Updated to better terms. Did my first review of this game. I bought this game when it first came out.Pros-The devs never stop working on this game.Sand box but if you have a good pc then it's limitless.Build anything+ Workshop Mods and met some great mod users.Not like minecraft.Space.Survival.Multiplayer.Devs keep up the good work same as you Mod users.Cons-Not done but that's not bad.
,Not Recommended,244850,24429922,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FezMaster,This game is still as unstable as it was 2 years ago.
76561197971625407,Not Recommended,244850,25544449,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,lordaquarius,"I made the mistake of going to youtube and seeing people play this game... it seemed easy... simple to play and it looked like a lot of fun...  So I purchased it in Steam, installed it and got some mods...  I liked the fact that you could play it offline, since I travel extensively, I use my laptop to work and play while traveling...It is a disaster... The learning curve is painful, I realized that I WAS MISSING SOME CRITICAL KEYS... becuase laptops dont usually have numeric keypads...  I looked at the keys that could be assigned to compensate, just to realize that almost all the keyboard is assigned to some function or another...  Like in the era of text only games...  and keyboard only games...  So it became more and more painful...When traveling abroad, the charges for internet services are very high... and this little game proceeded to download the mods every time I started a new world...  I think the game could have been an incredible success, if the developer team had gotten out to the world of people, and realized that there are starndard controls, like when you right click, a menu appears so you can select options...  And that you can click on controls to get something to rotate or move....  :(Maybe next time guys...  I never even tried the community game...  I consider myself an adept to using systems, but a game is for enjoyment, not for pain, frustration and steep learning curves...my advise is: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, if you have a laptop and like to play on it... if you travel abroad, if you like simple, logical, business standard mouse clicking practices...  DO NOT BUY IT...What a disappointment... is like if LEGO had decided to have not only circular pegs, but also squares, triangles and you could only match the blocks if the pegs matched the holes...  :("
,Not Recommended,244850,23846127,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Void Opal,"It's just not playable, and nobody knows why. If you're looking into buying this game there's only a 50-50 chance it'll actually run for you. There's no solid fix, nothing to blame other then lack of optimization, which of course has just been shrugged off to ""it's a beta"". That excuse will only last so long, and I wish I could get a refund. Don't buy this game until it's finished, and maybe, just maybe, it'll run. :)"
,Not Recommended,244850,20160259,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jace csgobig.com,"It's a buggy broken mess, I would not reccommend."
76561198058473782,Not Recommended,244850,24478735,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KDS-MCIG,BROKEN
76561197974811964,Not Recommended,244850,24205331,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kirkkid,"I have owned this game for years and played it plenty. The game is entertaining to a point....but is filled with persistent bugs that the devs seem to ignore. Every update they seem to swing and miss what the community is really looking for, instead adding bogus features most people aren't truly interested in. The game is pretty much unplayable multiplayer, and some of the more crippling bugs even bleed over into single player.I wouldn't recommend it right now. Check back in a year and see if the Devs have managed to salvage this.Edit: 1 year later updateGame is getting better, but the devs have a long way to go. Every single patch they fix one small thing and create 4-5 crippling bugs. The next week is filled with hotfixes attempting to fix the new bugs, often leaving them unsolved until the next weeks patch introduces more issues."
76561197985741818,Not Recommended,244850,25069813,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,SpoddyMcSpodd,"Review stands for the current version of the game and therfore can not reflect the final build.I Tried so hard to love this game.Space Engineers has great potential! I realy enjoyed the voxall building system and free sandbox play style.This game falls down hard at how long it takes to build even symple things, its trying to inspire you to create automated systems and big mining rigs which would be fine except every we (played it with friends on a server and single player with the same results) would encounter bugs, glitches and errors.Many things in the game dont work together or are so buggy they just plain dont work, pistons would be a good example as they explode all the time for no reason and wheelded vehicles explode too.As it stands this ganme is unplayable and not much fun, i'm very disappointed."
76561198065992476,Not Recommended,244850,32832685,Posted: 26 June,all,Taras Is My Waifu (Not actually),"Though I like to play this game, it hurts me not to recommend this game. It is just a slightly broken game in general. And it's not because of my computer. It lags at periods of time, anything you do it changes the fps, and rarely crashes because of minor things. This be a much more popular and stable game if they fixed major bugs and glitches, not focus on the minor things, and I hope the dev's see these reviews to help the game more."
,Not Recommended,244850,19342124,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lupadim,"Definitely do not buy, it's completely unplayable and full of bugs. Also, the fact a early access game is having a 40% discount should already be enough to put you off."
,Not Recommended,244850,19299707,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,lebalusch,Well after 30 mins of trying to get the gyro to face the right f'ing way so it would take another block to attach to it on the tutorial that was enough for me.  i might bother to play the game when the controls and attaching things are a bit easier.  I would settle for a tutorial thats not so basic and frustrating.
76561198053002502,Recommended,244850,7572576,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Tuitara,Crash ships and lag.gg10/10gud game-ign
,Not Recommended,244850,20412931,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Leviathan Hunter,"Maybe this game just wasn't for me, but I found it honestly a bit dull, not very user friendly, and multiplayer seemed lacking, probably because of the smallish community. I could see myself growing to like this game, maybe after some more investment and getting to know some folks on the servers, but from what i've been reading on these other reviews, the game seems to be stuck in a development cycle where they don't fix bugs and they don't seem to be working towards a release. I question buying the game now, will it be completed? Will the true experience the game should have ever be realized? Or have the developers grown content with the money they are earning and pushing out a new update once a week with flaws and some small changes.I'm skeptical, though I bought this game for a reason: I saw potential. I still do. I'm not saying that others shouldn't get this game, I'm saying you should realize what you're investing in before you play and know it's risky."
76561198120152231,Recommended,244850,20763879,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Starboy,"The game is a fun little thing. There is much to do and see- especially with yesterday's addition of planets. There are also A.I. enemies that will attack your base. There are multiple types of ships you can build- such as an atmospheric plane, a star fighter, station, probe, drill, star ship, rover, etc. Multiplayer is very well rounded and the game is mostly well optimized. However, glitches, clunky movement, and a steep learning curve keep this one from full marks. I recommend for Sci-Fi fans, KSP fans, and those who want to built their own X-wing and put it in their own U.S.S Enterprise."
,Recommended,244850,20731909,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Spooky Richtofen,AWESOME GAME. I'D RATE 5/5
,Not Recommended,244850,33119096,Posted: 2 July,all,A|G|A-Wolffy,"This game had such great pertential, if the devalopers could get it right. The building system is entirely messed up and building a working vehicle is a maze in itself. This is the only hame I've ever had to request a refund for, 10/10 for the visuals and everything else, but the building system, ship system and control system are just too messed up to be able to play the game the way it's meant to be played. Overall 4/10"
76561197970989058,Not Recommended,244850,32298160,Posted: 9 June,all,DaSkippa,"Got several years ago and played the *&*$ out of it back when they actually finished integrating the widgets and wazoos they added.   Around ME time frame while still adding ""content"" they for all intents and purposes stopped finishing said content before adding something else.  This of course over time starts impacting everything as unfinished parts, bugs, glitches, poor optimization, poor balancing start interacting and synergysing to make the game nearly unplayable in Multiplayer.  Many issues that existed YEARS ago still abound and at this point one has to be pretty naive to expect will get addressed.  This is a title that had ""potential"" that never made reality.It is Beta so there still exists  within the realm of possibilty they pull their head out, but I won't hold my breath.They also have an inconsistant take on physics ""Humans can't fre lasers in space(where they actually work better) but gravity manipulation is old hat"" waah?  It's a pet peeve, has been along time.  In and of it self probably no biggy but with everything else the games become...well"
76561198060615093,Recommended,244850,28549151,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Zaphieus,"I have played this game for more than 200 hours and I expect to play it a great deal more.  This game started out as an iteresting ""build stuff in 3D space with physics"" thing, and building on that solid foundation has become so, so much more.The game now has fully alterable planets at 1/4 actual earth size with no load times between space and the surface. You could watch an object (or yourself) fall in real time from orbit if you wanted. Or fly a ship or lander into space from the ground.The recent graphical update is stunning, and you'll find yourself pausing every now and then just to say ""wow, look at the light reflecting off the hull of my ship, that's beautiful.""You can:-Mine asteroids with your hand drill, small custom build mining ships, or gigantic dreadnaught that swallow asteroids whole (all built by you).-Travel through the infinite expance of space to prospect rich ores, dangerous drone protected fortresses, and abandond stations waiting to be salvaged (many are contributions from the steam workshop).-Build huge stations and ships (designing the layout and functions piece by piece) in survival, or full creative modes.-Play with friend to work together / engage in full fps and ship-based warfare, or go it alone and pit yourself against the emptyness of space. Hope you brought your oxygen tank.This game is worth so much more than what they are asking, and will only increase in value.A truely rare gem of a game. I absolutely recomend it.(PS: does require a pretty good computer to run at high fps (on planets), but the developers are continuously increasing the performance and optimization)"
76561197999170231,Recommended,244850,23923236,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,gmgurp666,"While it is an enjoyable game, I have to stop playing every so often because the dev cycle breaks something. The complete custimization of every aspet is both a plus and a minus, though mostly positive. You can build almost anything, but have to build it one block at a time. The only real exception is when using a projector and welders, but this can be buggy on occasion. The colliders are another issue, with everything from small objects to huge ships, including the player, falling through all sorts of things, even planets, on occasion. I look forward to the later editions of this game when things stabilize."
76561198103211322,Recommended,244850,21542765,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,HellsGunRunner,I love this game. Growing up I play with Lego and this game to me is virtual Lego. I recommend this game to anyone who has a creative imagination.
76561198073598412,Recommended,244850,9896829,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,The Adult,"This is a great game, it's hard when you first start (I killed two people, and destroyed three ships within the first few mins'...) But once you get used to it, you will enjoy the hell out of this game ;)"
,Recommended,244850,29127427,Posted: 8 January,all,Starcaptain10,"By far, one of my favorite physics sandbox games. The gameplay might not seem very deep, and a little over-complicated at first, but once you get the hang of it you'll be engaging in stupidity like the rest of us.Smashing your friends ships into reentry, loading yours with warheads and practically cutting an ai ship in half, or taking on a pirate station and trying to recreate the scene from star wars where the A-wing kamikazed into a star destroyer. Endless possibilities, and so much trolling potential.It's only a matter of time before they make survival mode playable, so you might be able to play it like a real video game too eventually, but for now it's hilarious destructive fun and well worth the price of admission."
76561197976228399,Not Recommended,244850,29991655,Posted: 17 February,all,R.Reagan,"I played it at the beginning and then waited and then tried it again.  There is something just not right about the game.  I understand it's in Beta now, but Empyrion feels more polished.  Even Empyrions multiplayer server that I was running at my house was working awesome (Except for their almost weekly updates, which is fine, they are working on the game..lol).  I went to come back to this game to see what progress is made and I keep seeing the same issues.1. Single player is empty and often catastrophic things happen and you have to start again.2. Multiplayer is a mess, between exploits and lag and such making it almost unplayable.If multiplayer was their original endgame they should have started that much sooner and not worried about the ""pretty"" of the game.  Pretty doesn't make a good game if it lags and is unplayable.  And dont include blocks that shouldn't be used.. I am not an Empyrion fanboy but I was able to pick it up quicker than this game.  Albeit it has its querks as well.I do however like some of the parts in SE, they look a bit more ""technical"" and not as boring as Emp.  But at the same time I am noticing some Meshes not fitting together properly.  Also the doors could use a bit of work.  Not sure if they are done or if they are going to polish those up.Also at the very beginning of the game I noticed my char jittering while looking at a screen, no no.. it wasn't the coffee I was drinking.It was cool that they actually added an intro to get you into the game.  A bit more fine tuning on it would make it look a little more polished.UpDATE!!!Wow... now for $9 bucks you can own a second unfinished copy of the game... haha.  When I first saw the delux edition I was upset that yet another dev was going to charge us extra for a finished product.  But no... This dev will charge you for a second unfinished copy of the game.  And no.. not a copy you can share with a friend, but the Alpha version before planets so you can see what they have added and fixed (or not added and fixed) between both versions."
,Recommended,244850,34548381,Posted: 28 August,all,DerpzPenguin,"Decided to make a review to hopefully give a more balanced opinion of this game.Personally, SE is one of my all time favorite games - Its in space, it has planets, it has full modding support, it has fully customisable building, ect, ect: I'm not gonna post all this here, as anyone that can read can find all this stuff anyway.Whats more, I can run this game on medium graphics - without planets - with a core 2 Duo, and 2GB of RAM - MUCH less than the minimum recommended. So... Yeah. I'll wrap up here.Also, clang can get annoying. Just be careful if using pistons in survival, and back up your builds in creative."
76561198113557916,Not Recommended,244850,30516485,Posted: 14 March,all,Blue Moon,"When it first came out, I fell in love with this game. I fell in love with the idea it presented, and the promises for the future it held. The years passed and my love dimmed to a forlorn hope, protecting it even as i saw the possibilites die..... no longer was this a game that promised infinite exploration, to build amazing ships and sail the stars.... now it became a game of waiting for the next time multiplayer broke, or the game crashed.I waited for planets, what i got was three rocks without water.I waited for procedurally generated space. I got asteroids, and nothing else.I waited for multiplayer.... i'm still waiting.I'm sick of waiting."
,Recommended,244850,8849997,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Snakeuser,"Hello every one and thanks for reading this. This is my firs review so pls bear with me on this. I baught this game when it had no multiplayer side of it and it was fantastic so far, keep in mind this is an alpha so its still bare bone. The phisics of the game is wonderfuly done, the graphycs compared to other block builders are stunning. The sound effects are a bit laggy some times yet you can look past it as you shoot rockets and volleys of lead from your ship that you built your self, and that can be so satisfying. The ship needs to have diferent things to function, gyroscope, pover core (small, large) cockpit, and a lot of thrusters. And here it does not aply like in a lot of movies where the ship fly in all directions yet the engines only point backwords, here you need to put engines in the dirctions you wish the ship to move.There are functions still missing, like chat! Yes it still is missing and without it you can not tell some one who just stole your cruiser what you built for 2 HOURS, to go and F****** him self.And this brings on a serious matter to be changed, or adjusted. In multi player you can make a server for frends or go public, with frends is good but when none of your mates are online you go for a piblic server, and that is when s**** hits the fan.  You can build but almoust 99 out of 100 some one will just destroy any thing before you can finish it just for the kicks. No way to identify who is who, you just quit or kick every one on your server. And this can be annoying.So for my final words i say its worth a buy, but only if you play it with frends or single player. Public multy player mode can be frustrating."
,Not Recommended,244850,24279086,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Arkonman,this game almost crashed my pc.. dont even buy this sh**.. buy minecraft its more fun than this.
,Not Recommended,244850,32207919,Posted: 5 June,all,Slazenger,To many lies/claimsImmersive experience not in sight due to fundamental bugs.
76561198137634571,Recommended,244850,34870857,Posted: 10 September,all,Stariq2464,Good game and is really fun with friends. I haven'tt played in a year but i jkust got back into it and although i missed a lot it is fun to catch up.
76561197996838778,Recommended,244850,19044740,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Deadman,"I've been playing space engineers for some time and it was  a fun sandbox for anyone with even a Mid range video card. For months I've been seeing the hype for planets along with all the updates to support them. I waited and waited for the update to be released and finally it does!!! YEAH! Fun Day!Only one small problem, though the requirements says DirectX 9.0c planets requires DirectX 11 and my trusty old Nvidia 9800GT which I've been playing the game on for a very long time suddenly isn't enough...If you want to be able to enjoy all the features of Space Engineers, your going to have to look toward the High end of the system requirements now because the developer is aparantly abandoning  full support of the previously stated system requirements. I recommend the game, just be aware that if your not running a tio end system, your not going to get everything!"
76561198115447453,Not Recommended,244850,24531185,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,timowen1,"Its funny because I loved this game but then they started updating it and NOT optimizing it. I'm tired of hearing about ""Oh its your graphics card and you have a shi!ty computer"". You know what a$$holes? I have played games that have far more complex shaders than this piece of sh!t and they run on max settings! For f>cks sake think about the community when you develop! Shaders are ♥♥♥♥ing difficult trust me I know, I'm a programmer and I got thru my shaders class but serious, when you have a game thats labor intensive, it doesn't help to have a game that you cannot play because of the god@mn lag! I would put more time into this game but it takes ♥♥♥♥ing 10 mins to load after clicking the icon and takes 20mins for a world to pop up. After that it ♥♥♥♥ing lags like sh!t!!!Fix your game you ♥♥♥♥ing pieces of sh!t!!!!!!!!And for those of you ho will still say I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer........Go jack off on your moms panties you f<cked up bratty f@ggot licking ♥♥♥♥ monkey humping pieces of troll sh!t! Your the sperm that your mom should swallowed!"
76561198046471338,Not Recommended,244850,23850510,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Wang Chunn,do not buy this. the game is a glitchty mess.
76561198164322684,Recommended,244850,13255609,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,CodyMoore324,if u know how to play ud love it
,Recommended,244850,11119780,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Medekhgui,"Built big ship,destroyed the other big ship. 11/10"
,Recommended,244850,22291392,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,PrUdO,dank game but the multiplayer is cancer
76561198119550617,Recommended,244850,19113225,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Zenji,"an amazing game with lots of potential. the latest update including the planets was amazing and i hope the development goes onits quiet hard to learn in the beginning but after some tryouts its gets easier:Dbetter buy it now, it will be a huuuuuge game as soon 1.0 is realeased"
,Not Recommended,244850,25437524,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yohi Mitsu,"This is one of the most ulcer-inducing games I've ever tried to play for the past three years. I want to enjoy it. I want to play it. But I can't, because it won't let me. 19 hours of ingame playtime. All of which were spent in either loading screens, or moving towards my friends locations before swiftly crashing. This game is not worth your money. The multiplayer hardly works. And when it does, it is anger-inducing. You'll be in the same faction as your friend, and spawn lightyears away. Or if you're lucky you'll spawn on the opposite side of the planet from him and right when you get to him, you'll be meeted with an error screen, saying your game has crashed. I wish I could refund this honestly. But due to my three years of ownership and my 19 hours of loading screens, I think I don't qualify. Buy something else with your money. Buy Elite: Dangerous. Buy EVE Online. Buy Herione, because it will be 100% more enjoyable than this game."
,Not Recommended,244850,25473035,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jo The Veteran,"We are now at 06/07/17 and the review is, surprise surprise, negative!Yeah, I din't try any single player this time arround, last time I looked my world wasn't there anymore. Maybe I deleted it myself in frustration or the game did it for me, or it became incompatible after some patch, I really don't care a this point. But since they mostly focused more on multiplayer this time arround. After their ""Major Update 1.181.0"" I said I'd give it a shot.So I'm in MP space engineers with planets, and dogs and rotating sun, and other players and it doesn't crash like a mother, or clang ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly. I'm thinking to myself ""those KSH beautiful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s did it! I can finally play what I paid for 3 years ago"". Well...NOPE! It was just newly started players like myself, when they started making stuff everything went to hell. The lag still lowers your fps, which makes no God damn sense. The CPU and GPU are working overtime at times when nothing's happening. The RAR filled, first time I've seen a game take 16GB or RAM and still want more, clearly RAM management wasn't a priority this time.So overly, they demonstrated that now the game can handle 15 big red ships or something like that, but didn't say what happens when 15 people (or just 5) are trying to build said big ships, doing mining, processing, constructing, building, you know, the things that this game is all about.So after loosing a few big and small ships due to lag, and having to deal with a lot of clang BS I though I give it 6 months or something again.Bottom line, NO, I would't suggest this game to anyone. It's just incomplete.I'll leave my old review because of reasons.- Jo(The review will stick for now but I do thank you for trying KSH, I'm referring to the update of 09/30/16. Show us that you care, even if it's just words at the moment. You can back it with deeds at a later time. It'll be deleted as soon as the game is playable again)Dear Keen.I'm pretty angry right now! I'll explain why.So I thought I'd take a look into the newest build, to check out all your hard work first hand.So Keen... your game is BLIPING unplayable these days, do you know that? Seriously, has any of your team tried to simply, I don't know? Play the game? And I'm not talking about multiplayer here, from what I saw I gather this game will NEVER have multiplayer, no I'm talking single player.This playthrough is still ongoing and has taken me many months already, mostly because of crashes, absurd happenings or simply boredom due to low performance. I play mod free minus a tiny mod for a clean camera (sage's camera). Seriously guys, the camera viewer doesn't have to be THAT dirty! It doesn't have to be interleaved either, I mean those engineers can make ion thrusters but can't build an HD camera? Come on! It could get dirty when it gets damaged or something, it's just stupid the way it is now, please realize that already. The camera is a tool after all, we need to be able to use it, so please let us.So I start my playthrough in a drop ship over the Earth like planet. I find a good spot and land.Then I build a basic buggy to get around for the minerals I need in order to start making a base. Driving around is God damn TERRIFYING! It's one of the most dangerous things you can do in this game. The suspension system is impossible to configure, I had to copy a buggy design from the workshop, and that didn't work well either. So many times my buggy did a huge jump that made it loose control and get totaled. Guys this isn't how gravity works, really. It's like buggies are made out of air yet equipped with a jet engine of 1.000.000 horse power! That's crazy! Driving at 10m/s you can say it's manageable, but it's boring as ZORT so you don't want to do it, you prefer walking.So, I build a base eventually by a lake, in order to mine hydrogen. I'm doing most of the work manually at this point because buggies and trucks and everything with wheels simply... don't work well... yeah.I build a big solar flower (2x4x2) array on top of a 10 block tall pillar, on a hill so it has the most sunlight. I have the solar panels connected via rotors and the intent was to make it follow the sun for maximum efficiency.I then made a drill out of pistons and rotors down by the lake, and placed a bunch of hydrogen tanks and oxygen generators in a platform nearby, had everything connected via conveyors.Save my game go to sleep.Next time I load the game, the solar panels get detached from the rotors, fall, start sliding down the hill and hiting the hydrogen tanks and base underneath....Update X fixed the rotor detach thing, but by then I've made the flower static and the sun as well. Also by then the appeal to play the game is lost after having to fix the solars 3 times already only for that bug to happen again and again and again...A few weeks forward I enter the same world and instead I started messing around to test the game. I spawned several buggies in dev mode, none of which works correctly naturally. Then a few aerial vehicles. Also I install another tiny mod for a speed limit removal. In conjunction with that mod I take an atmospheric aircraft (Shrike) to space! Fun times! :D I stepped out of the pilot seat in order to install a few ion thrusters only to have it lost in space due to rubber banding issues... IN SINGLE PLAYER!!! :@ The BLIP?!?!Continued testing by placing a huge space station in the edge of the gravity well of the planet. Messing with it for a while, then save and exit.Skip forward to a later time, load the same save. I'm playing the developer branch now. I'm in the space station and the game plays like ZORT. I move in slow motion near big structures like I'm underwater. Yet the recent patches add more and more freaking ASSETS, that make the game heavier and heavier! This doesn't make any sense! Are you people insane!?!I think to myself, I wanna land this thing in my lake base. I see nothing wrong with that plan, would you?I build 16 big atmos thrusters around it and decent it towards the planet. I hit a speed of 300m/s and while inertia dumpers are on from the moment I hit gravity I still pick up speed. By the time I hit 9km and am at 500m/s. The atmos thrusters do jack ZORT! They won't even flare, power consumption is zero. I used a bit of power when I hit 3km, but by then there's no time to stop that thing from crushing to the planet. I think, at least a spectacular crash will happen, creating a huge crater and a ton of parts.I hit the ground with about 450m/s? No atmospheric friction and thrusters worked to damn late. So late I actually had to do this 3 times to make sure they worked at all. During collision..... BOING!! The whole thing BLIPing BOUNCES!!! Then bounces again, then again. It's not made out of rubber God damn it! Finally settles somewhere near the lake with a bunch of it's parts still creaking and imploding and jerking randomly that sometimes make the whole thing bounce again. I delete the thing, I couldn't stand any more derpness and performance hit.I take the shrike near my base, where the lander is only to find out the place is full of wolves. Also a quarter of the lander is missing, there's shredded metal a big hole where one of the batteries was. No idea way.While inspecting that damage I hear explosions from the outside. I point myself towards the sound only to witness what looks like the Dune scene where an Arakis worm eats a big vehicle from the bottom up. The shrike that I have parked outside simply imploded for no reason and melted towards the ground.Facepalm, close game. Write review.A small teeny tiny request from a guy who bought 4 products from you already, ahem...MAKE THE BLIPING GAME PLAYABLE prior to adding new stuff!!! Whenever I see a TEASER for HD uniforms, or better looking graphics to the gyroscope or something I think to myself ""Those guys are BLIPing BLIPing us around, don't they"".Sincerely, Jo."
76561198067168489,Not Recommended,244850,25348578,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,minoes,"Very little progress imho since it came out, too many bugs that prevent me from enjoying it, mainly the rotors and pistons that they just can't seem to fix."
,Recommended,244850,19816151,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Vadim (Fransenn),this is propobly the best space game on the market you can do like everithing you can imagene even thats possibel so if u havent already buy it... (sorry for bad english)
,Not Recommended,244850,32382579,Posted: 13 June,all,Dayron Arias,Bought this game 3 years ago and very little has been added other than the planets update. Needs a full release but devs are making very slow progress
,Not Recommended,244850,32352811,Posted: 11 June,all,Deimos,"Congratulations about Space Engineers, great idea and great start, but Keen Software House obviously is lacking Software Engineers skills. After 4 years game has bugs/performance issues even in single player. Multiplayer is far beyond horrible. Game could be still amazing, so hire someone who knows how to deal with these performance issues."
,Not Recommended,244850,19423776,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sorbus,"I bought this game as I thought it would fullfill my need for an open world space exploration survival game.I must say I enjoyed the creative mode, which basically gives you an infinite amount of space-Legos to build whatever crazy you want. I experienced no lag with even huge ships, and had fun for a couple of days with that.Other than that, the survival mode sucks major♥♥♥♥♥♥at the moment -> drilling for materials will most likely clip you through whatever you're trying to drill, resulting in an inevitable suicide. Also, -- !! WARNING !! -- if you are expecting Kerbal Space-like physics realism, this game will not be for you.As a sandbox, it is fun, but for survivalists - DO NOT BOTHER, this is just another broken survival early access which will not work, just in a different environment than usual"
76561198072114899,Not Recommended,244850,19342984,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Larhfandé,I hate it!. i have only played it for 30 minutes and apperendly i cant refund it. The button isn't even there. **** this game
76561198084313757,Not Recommended,244850,19348895,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Well Chad Said Yes,"Great game concept. I love the feel of the game. Its very atmospheric and has great depth. But I have had many issues with the game that really spike some problems.1. There are way to many bugs, that should have been fixed a while ago.I. Like how when your ship is moving when you try to move you instantly die.II. Home screen lags because of a background video changeIII. Even when on lowest render quality, game still runs on 3.1GB of RAM2. My computer isn’t id say the “Best” or “Crazy $” but still should be able to play it even on normal quality, “which it cant even run it on lowest,” so I believe that its very difficult for some people to play it, or at all if they don’t have a $3,000 computer.3. Game crashes A LOT!I. I haven’t played 5 minutes worth of the game without a crash are a stall for more than 10 minutes… I even had to manually shut the game down in task manager because the sound was continuous even as the game was shut down.All in all though I still like the game, it is frustrating that its buggy and a pain in the butt. But I believe that sometime they could fix all those issues and make it a step faster and work on it. And indeed if that happens I will be back on in a flash. Great game.. But just needs a little / or a lot o TLC."
76561198070441136,Recommended,244850,21772701,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,_Raidriar_,1/1 ign
76561198045145040,Recommended,244850,20565065,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Benthedragon,"The game is great also building can be hard, it requires skill, pasients, and creativity. I hope in the full realese that building is made easyer"
76561198015124934,Not Recommended,244850,23234817,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,wolverine5pl,so poor performance. I have gfx 980 and 12gb ram and planets run poorly on my rig even on medium details.
,Not Recommended,244850,23258825,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Titus,This game is WAY (for me) to laggy though is all the videos published it looks wonderful but u need SUCH a tanky computer for it  making it not playable I wish I could have my money back :(
,Recommended,244850,7988220,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Esudesu-senpaiu,"wow, such build, much good."
,Recommended,244850,12474483,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Heavenstamp,for giving me a chanceto be tony starkIN SPACE!!10/10
76561198282731488,Recommended,244850,29366475,Posted: 19 January,all,MayaMelon,This game is great! Played it for days and will likly continue! 10/10 worth your money!
,Recommended,244850,29555177,Posted: 28 January,all,Railgun of Science,"First, i'll say that i've been playing this game since the very early days in Alpha like 2+ years ago. The game was very rough and poorly optimized then (my pc was a potato too then), but the game was still amazing fun to play. Then they added infinite asteroid generation and PLANETS! Also oxygen in you ship. So then the massive cruiser/mining vessel i built had a purpose! This game is like what No Man's Sky COULD HAVE BEEN and even more. The game supports a vessel that's about 660m long and 900 m wide without too much issue. I've only recently started playing this again, but it's always been a great game, and now it's and amazing game. And it's still in Beta. They've been updating it all the time so don't worry about it becoming a dead game or getting abandoned.SO! If you've always wondered what it'd be like to build a huge mining ship and drain the galaxy of resources and destroy enemy pirates at the same time, look no further and buy this game for what i consider a bargain!"
76561198271929236,Not Recommended,244850,33595654,Posted: 16 July,all,Amp727,"Crappy game due to all of the unfixed bugs. Would be a great game if it weren't for the extreme lag, glitches, and bugs present. 0/10"
76561198092855100,Recommended,244850,20709834,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Caleb,this is the best space freeroming game ive ever played
,Recommended,244850,9213630,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Jolly Melon,Bumped my ship and it never stopped spinning. 10/10
,Recommended,244850,8547486,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,"Jeggory ""The Legend"" Cinnamons",I built a spaceship and it exploded when i moved forward.10/10
76561198028045492,Recommended,244850,28086594,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Partical man,- Be me.- Be incompitent at everything in said game.- Play with two friends who are really smart.- Idk what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing.- Build a♥♥♥♥♥♥- Be attacked by wolves and killed in hole infront of♥♥♥♥♥♥- Go to body to get stuff.- Wolves still there probobly forming a religion and socity around statue.10/10 would cause wolf uprising again
,Not Recommended,244850,22977718,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,pepper,It's not playable right now due to bugs and poor performance. Other than that it's great game and i'll certainly change my vote to positive when at least performance will be improved.
,Recommended,244850,25346281,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,space llama,"I have been playing this game for years and have not got bored, there is always something to do. But for the planets at the moment you'll need a good computer"
,Not Recommended,244850,23818868,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Herbal Derp,"I want to love this game. I really, really do. But it runs like complete and utter garbage. If you think ""Oh, it's been in early access for a couple years, it must be relatively stable by now"" you'd be absolutely dead wrong. If anything, it seems to run even worse than it did when I played it on a free weekend a year or so ago.I've sat here with a stop watch, and loading a new mod-less world on the ""Easy Start Moon"" takes 28 minutes. And when it does finally load, you have a roughly 25% chance that it will just crash. And if it doesn't crash, you'll run into too many bugs to keep track of. Here's a few I ran into just in the last few hours alone:1) Spawned into moon world, entire screen was white with black square artifacts floating around. Had to restart game. There goes another 20-30 minutes.2) Spawned into world and couldn't move at all. Had to reload world, another 20-30 minutes gone.3) Loaded a workshop ship (that used no mods) from blueprint, and 90% of the blocks in it had no collision model (you could fly right through them).4) Loaded a different ship from blueprint (which again used *no* mods), only 10~% of it loaded, and when I flew near it, I randomly died (in Creative mode, where you shouldn't be able to die at all).Oh, and the game constantly freezes for 2-5 seconds at a time, every 30 seconds or so, and does so even longer (30+ seconds) if you attempt to do almost anything (spawn a block, open a menu, etc.).This is absolutely unacceptable, especially considering how long this game has been out.System specs before someone claims I'm running this on a potato:i7 3770 with cores unparked8GB DDR3MSI 9707200rpm HDDNo viruses, all drivers up to date, all other non-essential programs closed down, drives regularly defragmented. I run other ""demanding"" PC games like ArmA 3 and Planetside 2 at max settings with no issues in either general performance, or load times specificially.Easily 2/3rds of my total playtime is in a loading screen. The other 1/3rd is fighting bugs. I don't think I've actually played this game yet, over hours of play time. Something is very, very wrong with this game. Don't trust Youtube videos that make this game look playable; it isn't, and you should avoid it like the plague."
76561197983468899,Not Recommended,244850,19471922,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,CrazyIvanUSA,"Planets?  Well, the planets are really bugged, in my opinion.  You can't build a vehicle and drive it without it flying or bouncing up into the air.  Atmosphere ships tend to crash more than anything.  There is no air resistance designed in, so traditional winged craft is out of the question.  You either have thrust, powerful enough to raise the mass of your ship, or you nose dive into the surface.  EDIT: Removed speed comment, as I was in the wrong.  - Thanks for replies.They have added so much, but everything comes with bugs, they don't test much and they tend to ruin things that previously worked ok.There are a lot of fan boys who when you ask a question on the game forums or demand answers in exchange for having spent your money on their product tend to just spout hatered at you for daring to question their Lord Keen.It is my belief that planets in this game were the first test of Medievil Engineers, was a flop, so they started over and rather than abandon their work, put it into this game instead.  It is my belief that they hope to skim off a few more sales of this before they completely abandon it.Patches seem to come once per week, but usually are pretty small with not a lot of anything fixed.  They typically are some very small patch that sometimes has to do with nothing else but to be a distraction.Because of the way they release patches and the way they do things now, it is rare that you can continue with a map into a new large patch.  You usually have to restart a map from scratch.  If you like survival, like me, that really isn't anything to get too excited about.  It is very difficult to get going from nothing.  The bugs then make is very frustrating to do a lot of things.  A lot of people like creative mode, but that is just building things at random until you get bored of putting blocks together.  Not worth it if that is what you want to do at all, in my opinion.They opened the code to a source code so anyone can manipulate it.  My guess is that is so that people can fix the bugs and add it as a mod, which is what has been happening.  - Isn't this what the company is supposed to do?  Maybe those people who create mods to fix the bugs should be getting paid for making the game playable.I'll get flamed for this review, but I don't care.  I bought this game for myself and a friend of mine a few years ago, and it was once great to play.  Now, though, it is littered with bugs and seems to only be getting worse with anything they add."
,Not Recommended,244850,29862672,Posted: 11 February,all,Lem'ADEC,"3 years in alpha, 2 months in beta and still:- no Linux support- no proper multiplayer support- no gameplay progression"
,Not Recommended,244850,25684067,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,"Steev ""The Dream"" Booskeem",ANOTHER EARLY ACCESS SUCCESS STORY!Feature bloat kicked in and the game has never been well optimized. I gave up on this game forever ago and it hasn't gotten any better.
,Recommended,244850,15582646,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,hacking_intensifies.mov,its well worth worth that £18!
76561198115588880,Recommended,244850,25026904,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sc34,"like no man's sky!... but not expensive, you don't need a $10000 rig and it's not♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring and has really good devs unlike no man's lie on the other hand AND YOU CAN BUILD YOUR OWN SHIP SO F#!KING PLAY IT ALREADY GOD DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197965338685,Not Recommended,244850,33912502,Posted: 30 July,all,Smoker6,"This game is beautiful. It lets you build, explore, mine, customize, all the things I want. It is a lot of fun... WHEN IT WORKS.The bugs in this game make it downright unplayable at times. I have spent hours upon hours building the perfect ship only to have it blown up by running into an asteroid that didn't render and was therefore invisible, have it shoot off into space for no apparent reason, or have it just inexplicably explode. I once converted a 9 million kg. ship (a ship that took me 11 hours to design and build) into a space station just to have every single engine tear itself apart with no warning.The number of visual and UI bugs are atrocious. The only way to fix these bugs is to reload the game.The devs are working hard on new content when they should be fixing all the ""little"" stuff that makes this game so infuriating.I have tried to run my own server for my friends and me with just 5 people. Sounds great, right? Apparently having more than one base or any large ships causes the server to slow down to a crawl making the game so slow as to be completely unplayable. The solution? A mod that gets rid of all the spare blocks in the game or just start a new one. If the game can't handle 5 people's ships, how can it be considered multiplayer?I know this game is in early acces. I know to expect bugs, even game-breaking ones. But come on! Stop working on the expansion and FIX WHAT YOU HAVE.This game can be incredible, but it isn't, yet, and there are no signs that is will become that way. I don NOT recommend this game to anyone unless you just REALLY enjoy being constantly frustrated and angry about lost time."
,Recommended,244850,33849238,Posted: 27 July,all,OdiniHoudini,"When I first got this game I had no Idea what I was doing and soon things started picking up, after playing it for a good 1000+ hours I figured I should write a review. As you can tell i am quite happy with this game, however with every game there are pros and cons everyone should know about but I will inform you about the neutrals first. First of all this game is sandbox so It is exciting as YOU make it if you are creative like me you will find this to be quite easy. The game is still in development as well with more exciting features and improvements coming in the near future.ok so here are the p's and c'sPROS-The only limits to what you can create is only limited by imagination unless you count game performance and mechanics.-The game is ambitious and can even create some wonderful moments and provide some laughs with some bugs and battles you can host (IF CLANG IS NOT PRESENT)-Eventually you may be able to battle entire fleets provided the game's performance improves and multiplayer aswell as the game is not even done yet and things have been greatly optomized recently (NO PROMISES BUT HOPES)CONS-With every major update comes lots of bugs some worse than others but you can revert back to the last major update and wait the bugs out-Multiplayer,Rotors,wheels (still), and planets/large voxels are not the most stable things and can eat performance like crazy without a good PC-Learning the basics can be hard sometimes and building things that may look like bricks is frustrating but hey be a good sport and practice makes perfect!Now despite the big cons and smaller pros keep in mind that not only is this a WIP game but it is a sandbox game and the fun you have is up to you the game in my opinion is fine if we aren't talking performance/bugs wise just be patient and have fun, it is a sandbox space game!"
,Not Recommended,244850,20435136,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,tizzlebt,"I have held off for quite some time now on writing a review for this game.  I have 1,661 hours logged of construction and destruction in space and on the planets.  It's in Alpha, but it would take almost a year of work to get it out of Alpha and into some sort of beta.As other reviewers have stated, you weekly updates that add some things and ""fix"" some things.  Inevitably every update also breaks something.  Multiplayer used to be doable; however, it's completely bogus to try to do so now.The sad part is this game does have an extreme amount of potential."
,Not Recommended,244850,32648926,Posted: 22 June,all,Cyberpunk,"Constant stuttering at... 60FPS (single player)! This game needs some more optimisation before I can recommend it to anybody - a very promising game though, with a huge potential.I will obviously change my review once the issue is resolved."
,Recommended,244850,14949889,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Quick Tinker,Really good game with active community and developers. Needs a good computer though.
,Recommended,244850,21511541,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TheLostRazgriz,I love this game.  It is very fun to explore and build your own aircraft and spacecraft.  I think it was worth the money.  The one thing I do have trouble with is the fact that my computer can't completely handle it.  There are some settings that I believe they should add in order to allow people with lower-end PC's to enjoy it more.
76561198272214491,Not Recommended,244850,22288727,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Admiral_John,"This is a good game and a good concept but the devs are ruining it. they keep trying to make it better but all that seems to happen is more bugs. i loved this game but now it is unbearable. the lag is just completly game destroying and the bugs ruin the game. things like your stuff flipping over and destroying itself. new updates that mean you cant walk faster than a dead horse, complete destruction to all physics and just horrificly simple glitches ruining the experience. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTILL IT IS OUT OF EARLY ACCESS IF YOU WANT TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER"
,Not Recommended,244850,19445699,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SHiRKiT,"Game is unplayable on a i7 3.2GHz with 750M SLi, the FPS is lower than 15 with everything on LOW. Unplayable."
76561197972081362,Not Recommended,244850,25863895,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SjB,This game just proves that early access is a money grab. The devs refuse to complete the game and address major gameplay and performance issues. I will no longer support games based on promises.
,Recommended,244850,10485078,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,TommyHawkster,Cool Building Game.
76561197964228196,Not Recommended,244850,22668766,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Nelson,Directx 11 only. They removed DX9.  don't waste your money unless you have a game pc.
,Recommended,244850,14650872,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,SnipyShino,"Hours of building ships, minutes of watching them collide, seconds of writing a review. 11/10"
,Recommended,244850,29210890,Posted: 12 January,all,Intergalactical,"I bought this game when it was in a very young alpha state.  And I hated it.  My first instinct was to get my money back, I hated it that much.  And I don't return games.  It was buggy and frankly just boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥But I waited.  I kept tabs on it while I played other games and (this might be a shock to some) lived a life outside of Steam.  Today I decided to give it another go after seeing it was now in Beta and read some fairly encouraging reviews.  I have to say, this is a very fun game now.  I'm only two hours in as of this writing, but I can see myself pouring a lot of time into it while my 3D prints chug away on the desk next to me.As a space advocate and a lover of all things sci-fi, I give this game two thumbs up and look forward to spending hours I'll never get back in a world that doesn't exist.  As every good game should encourage us to do."
,Not Recommended,244850,33263359,Posted: 4 July,all,Pelicannibal,"Really? I am new to the game annd spent several hours building a fairly large ship to get a hang of the basics, this was in space one Star System. I finished and wanted to fly to the moon of the nearby planet. I had a glass walkway to see up back and front and was flying near the planet(got out of puilot seat to see). I decided to use gravity assist and turned off dampeners. I soon gained enough velocity and clipped through the wall. I began to look at how the velocity for objects was coded (did not edit anything). Based off what I experienced from losing my ship (now in a crater, resting in pieces) and the code, I can say that the player is counted as a small ship and not an individual. Also, the players velocity is not zeroed in on the what-ever-you-are-on's velocity. What I mean is that if you are on a small ship going at 101 m/s (1 m/s past max) and you RUN (7 m/s) around, you will go up to 107 m/s instead of 108 m/s. If the ship were to go past the max of the small ship velocity, you will be fine... unitl you press W A S or D. You will get really messed up and sad becuase you lost your ship because you clipped through your ship that was traveling faster than 107 m/s."
76561198113947309,Not Recommended,244850,26142011,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,astibal,"Here we are. I've played this game a lot and finally decided to write my review.Let me start with good things.PROS:- I love the idea. Really I do love it.- Modding community.  Hundreds of mods, thatever you like you will probably find already implemented in workshop.- Since I am a patriotic guy, for me Pro is also this game is being developed in my country- Singleplayer is acceptable in terms of stability, despite of some graphical glitches. And some bugs. But you can save-load. HMm.CONS:- Enemy AI, NPC enemies. They are just dull. Disable them, as they are just screwing up the immersion- MultiplayerIf I say that stability in singleplayer is quite acceptable, multiplayer is everything but that. It's not only unstable, it's  constantly non-functional. Client-Server is most of the time out-of-sync: ignorant handling of inventory content, invisible ships, Object displayed somewhere else they actually are.Exploding basic objects, out of the blue, e.g pistons.  This piston bug is there for a year. Hey, got it? ... Twelve. F**king.  Months!!! For all holy snakes!!- Multiplayer sucks- MULTIPLAYER- did I mention multiplayer already?There used to be so big potential in this game. It could have been a gem in space survivals genre. But it is not.KEEN had awesome idea, made a lot of money from  EA purchases, but they are failing to implement the idea. Maybe some day, but not at present.EDIT: currently Keens are trying to do something with their reputation and fix multiplayer.That is good. There is still so much of potential in this game.Also, I've removed/reworded most thrashing parts at the end of the review.12/2016EDIT2: massive update is just being downloaded for space engineers. Its descriptionpromises new netcode, and Marek Rosa's blog is announcing focus on great MP experience.I wish it was what it says. If so, I wouldn't hesitate to rewrite my review and to give thumbs up, if it's worth it!03/2017EDIT3: Well. Here we are. Couple of months passed  since my last comment. This game is still buggy. It still implements lots of featured glitches for you. But! There is light at the end of the tunnel!We tried to play MP with guys. It's almost playable! Maybe someone paid an attention and listened out our loud cry.SE Devs. Please. You are almost there. You made some progress, congrats! You have still issue with pistons, flying away grids, etc. However it seems bugs manifest in lower frequency, and sometimes there are workarounds. So, keep going. I will be more than happy to change verdict. Really."
,Recommended,244850,13433867,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Doedoe,cool
,Not Recommended,244850,31945861,Posted: 24 May,all,daschapa,Loved it until performance reqs went too high
,Not Recommended,244850,19355099,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Timtimmy,"More than a year later and it's as buggy as ever. Sure it's ""early access"", but at some point one has to stop adding features and focus on fixing bugs. If this game doesn't fix multiplayer it's never going to reach its potential."
76561198040663959,Recommended,244850,18898309,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Duality,"I really like this game so far. You can buid any spacecraft you want, your creativity has no limits. And if there is a block missing you would like to have in your ship (for example Lasergun), you can get almost everything from the workshop. Every thursday (new update) is like a little christmas :D. The developers are working really hard and listen to the community. The game has great potential and im looking forward to the upcoming updates."
,Not Recommended,244850,24545434,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,That Fellow Over There,"the game runs so badly, purchasing and starting up the game might as well just bring you to the ""request refund"" screen.hoo boy, 5 Frames/second on a PC that meets the Minimum requirements. unless you have a £30,000 gaming rig or you own a computer the size of a mid-class star destroyer, don't even bother."
,Not Recommended,244850,22273054,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,♥~Sylverium~♥ {Busy},"Currently, unfortunately, and sadly, this game is currently a no for Radeon graphics cards. The game is currently poorly optimized and while I look foward to playing it, I just cant, I spent so much time defragging and deleting and cleaning to try and make this game run like a regular game, but in the end, that effort was pointless, until Radeon graphics cards start to get support for the game, this review should sadly stay negative, it is a visually stunning game but is excessively slow, my game runs at 5 fps, 10 fps after defragging for say, 9 hours. Hopefully Keen Software will add suport to this graphics card, but if you have a beefy pc, then go get it."
76561198187062953,Not Recommended,244850,27881562,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fox01,IM DONE PLAYING THIS its way too buggy i like the concept but the physics just doesnt work realisticly. when dogs are attacking you from underground. when low profile wide vehicles flip sideways. i have issues.
76561198039562756,Not Recommended,244850,19625265,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,FourDifference,Take 5 steps trip over  my own foot followed by death -10/10
76561197960536482,Not Recommended,244850,20405025,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,DIEDIEDIE^,"This game is awesome, I love it, pure and simple.But when you love something, you also, at times, hate it, and I hate this game.There are so many things, that could put this game on par, with a game like Minecraft.But nothing seems to improve, some weeks it plays, others it lags or crashes after a few minuts playing.And so I wait till next week, for yet another try.I urge the developers to look at their game, look at it, NOW!Then ask yourself how the following makes you feel...""Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems."" - Scott Adams""Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety nine percent perspiration."" - Thomas Edison""I have offended God and mankind because my work did not reach the quality it should have."" - Leonardo da Vinci""Failure is not an option."" - Gene KranzThis is why I am here, writing this review, I'm here because of science, I'm here because of love.The love and science of Space Engineers.I bid you farewell, and godspeed, ending with these last words.""I love you, even when you break my heart, I will still love you"" - DIEDIEDIE""An object in Motion will not change its velocity unless an external force acts upon it."" - Sir Isaac NewtonPlanets > Cyberdogs"
,Recommended,244850,20571556,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,stnick_85,"Tis great. And is a thinkers game really. Trying to find out why your ship behaves the way it does can be complex, frustrating but rewarding.Starting as nothing with a group on a planet and trying to secure a base gather resources all while trying to get to space is great.Teamwork shines in this game and can make space lonely indeed.  But is still enjoyable alone and challenging."
76561198012855996,Not Recommended,244850,25634688,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Red Baron,"The new update has made things harder to find as far as building blocks go.  I cannot find easily angled building blocks.  Also I have to get closer to build things now,  Without the command to build a ship or station it seems everthing in building  has to be done much closer which takes alot more time and effort.  Instead of bringing new things to the game, the layout continually changes which I feel doesnt have to change.  I really think updates should bring more content to the base game rather than changing things that dont need to change.  Right now the game is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,244850,19355370,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ez,"Runs at 16fps on highest with above recommended specs, 43 fps on lowest. Utter EA garbage."
,Not Recommended,244850,30365779,Posted: 6 March,all,BUGA BUGA!!!,"the concept of this game is realy good, but the way it is being develop is pretty bad.full of bugs/glitches and too much lag, the recomended GPU is a 660 and i have a 970 and an i7 6700 processor, so i basically got scamed by the developers.I hope the developers can fix everything soon so i can start playing this game again, but until that happen i WILL NOT recomend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,244850,31867308,Posted: 20 May,all,Caterpie,I love this game and i have watched tons of Youtube videos on it and then i bought it and it is very laggy and almost unplayable. I even got a new computer a while ago and it is still unplayable. I know this is on my end but you need a pretty good computer to play this game so keep that in mind before buying it.
,Recommended,244850,21072400,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jae_Games,ITS AMAZING!!!!!! you can build spaceships!!!!spaceship!!! spaceship!!! SPAACESHIIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,244850,26214674,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Grityom,"Space Engineers is a very great game, until lasts update.The game still crash very often when loading, even after driver update, reinstall, ect...I won't recommand this game until it will be fixed, and it make me sad, cause it's a very good game."
76561198073002779,Not Recommended,244850,20478661,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,CC Slider,They have to start fixing the issues first before adding new stuff. At the moment this game will only frustrate you especially in survival as you will spend all your time rebuilding your ships that blow up for no reason.
,Not Recommended,244850,26249597,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,EKS,"This was a great game. But they sadly broke it, horrible performance and the most idiotic ""threats"" yet.Random spawning wolfs, that eat metal."
,Not Recommended,244850,26240142,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ZestRegards,"I love Space Engineers, which is why I find it so disappointing when I come back to play it every other month and it has become that little bit less playable."
,Not Recommended,244850,22870503,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,SyeThunder,"TL:DR    Good concept bad designSo i bought the game thinking it would be a fun game for building space shipsi used to always make ships with lego and i remembered how fun that used to be so i got thisI played for a good few hours , vgood concept... thats all , the game was very badly made ive had countless bugs and issues and some aspects of the game i just dont understand like jetpack damaging ships.  I tried to make a big capital ship but its just soo hard to get anything done with bad game concepts and annoying bugs.The interface makes me want to puke some times and just trying to look at things in the game gives me a headache . items not rendering properly and just some visual aspects that i just cant put my finger on make it hard to play the game for more than an hour.With the planet addition i thought it would make a brilliant change to the game but no.. they just act like big asteroids , like ships not slowing down in atmosphere and flight characteristics just being very weird.Would give a better review if Dev just sorted out bugs and graphical issues as well as horibble designed interface"
,Recommended,244850,32985925,Posted: 29 June,all,Native Faith,"Space Engineers. Jeese, I've spent countless hours on my friend's private server just mining, building, and mining some more and it's a strange experience everytime I do it. I'd say I've spent more nights playing Space Engineers feeling my time was ""wasted"" rather than feeling like I had fun. Then I come back the next night.At first, it's pretty boring. Survival is easy, and creative mode simply doesn't appeal to me. There is no ""challenge"" laid out  like there would be in other similar games. No real enemies to harass you or siege your creations and spur you to action. In reality, your greatest enemy is yourself and your faulty, lazy, shortsighted designs.You crash your first miner into an asteroid, or god forbid, your painstakingly build space station and you start to try to add safety features, redudant systems, repair systems, etc etc. You start to add more industry and conveyors, storage and sorters to your base to make construction of new ships more efficient. And then finally, you crash your miner again into your station and you scrap the whole thing and start laying down large plans and designs, ambitious projects that take hours upon hours to build, just so you don't wreck it again. And then you wreck it, or your friend wrecks it, or a bug wrecks it and you find yourself toiling away at it again.Honestly, that's what it's been like for me. Build bigger, smarter, bigger again, and then wonder how you can do it better next time or make it look cleaner, nicer to show off to friends.The hurdle is getting past that first phase of wanting an objective or something to ""do"". It's a game without challenge or difficulty and it's a game that eats up all of your hours of freetime, but... It's also a game that's fulfilling on it's own sometimes and even thrilling in those short moments where you realize how much you risk steering through a dangerous situation.The best example I could give is secondhand, from my friend who was piloting everything he owned, literally perhaps a hundred man-hours of cost from him and the rest of us, into the orbit of a planet. He wanted to keep it in orbit so he could use it to establish a new station, but had gone further than he had expected. He was too late on the inertial dampeners and he could feel the gravity of the planet working against the controls, the atmopshere sapping the efficiency of the thrusters meant for space travel. Everyone playing on that server just hearing about this shared some of the sheer terror he felt as he struggled to save his ship and were geuinely relieved to hear he made it out of orbit again.That's the truly the best part of the game, in my opinion, and if you can get behind that, I'd recommend Space Engineers. If you thought that it sounds boring and you want♥♥♥♥♥♥to shoot at, things to attack you, and level ups and skill ups and money, etc... Don't buy this game. Simple as that."
,Not Recommended,244850,26411233,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ndm250,- Multiplayer is unplayable- Survival is boring- Performance sucks even on high end cardsGame is probably okay if you want to play single player and just build ships.
76561198058512884,Not Recommended,244850,29168093,Posted: 10 January,all,Bloodcell,This game has lots of cool features and game mechanics with almost no effort put into guiding the player to utilizing them in gameplay. Multiplayer is an unorganized mess with no objective and the single player missions are a laughable buggy waste of time. If you want to sit in an open universe by yourself building cool things then this game is good for you. If you are looking for some open world sandbox with action and actual multiplayer gameplay I'd reccomend you try empyrion.  I'm still a little surprised that Space Engineers would create so many awesome features and mechanics yet forget to make the actual F***ing game.
,Not Recommended,244850,19253138,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Oliverr,Planets really need to be optimised as I can run them on a gtx 750 ti at medium at only 20fps >:(
76561198049776088,Not Recommended,244850,22897302,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Keijo Keijofied,"The idea and gameplay* is wonderful and there are wide options for base and ship building. Planets and space are beautifully done and you really get a sense of freedom when you build a ship and launch off the planet. Finding resources and mining is fun (for example with self-made mining ship) and PVP is possible.*BUT.Alpha/early access or not, compared to the time it's been developed the multiplayer especially is broken with bugs. Dedicated servers are in trouble with the messy code causing delays all the time and major glitches keep happening all around. Simulation speed suffers immensely for relatively little disturbance (for example someone using too many drills at once). Bugs are currently inch short from breaking the multiplayer game.Single player is better but still glitchy and demands a lot from your machine compared to what it should.If you like the genre it still can be worth it to get this game but be prepared for trouble with multiplayer. Game is updated every thursday and we can just hope these major bugs are being addressed effectively. Soon. At this point I personally cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,244850,19208633,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TheServant,"Was awesome, but planets update makes this unplayable on my PC. And it's an alright PC. Lowest graphics and it's laggy. I did manage to play for 20 minutes but after a while I realised I wasn't having fun.I know everyone wanted planets, but it's too much for the current engine."
76561198179842635,Recommended,244850,28735756,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bloodrane,"Amazing game with a dev team that really listens to the community and continually works hard to make this a better game. Constant updates, visual improvements, and QoL changes that keep the game fresh and well worth playing. One of those few games that you never get tired of."
76561198111402396,Recommended,244850,8378055,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mobear,"Great game, lots of fun, play it everyday, never get bored!"
76561198023645514,Recommended,244850,11581550,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,TheGentlemen_Frog,"This game is amazing. I'll simply put it that way.I'll start by saying why I love this game. Any Star Trek fan will instantly nerd out over this game, as I did. You can build ships from many materials, and your options are constantly expanding. You can live out your Star Trek fantasies and pilot ships into battle. There are some problems with it, the biggest being the way the game handles ship collisions and large ships. Whenever massive ship collisions or you build an immense ship, the game's framerate drops significantly, espececially on computers just making the system requirements. But unless you have a more than decent gaming computer, you will experience no problems and will have tons of fun with this game."
76561198085276536,Recommended,244850,13553727,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Moo Moo Meadows,AMAZING
,Recommended,244850,8873457,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Quickdraw6,Not a bad sandbox game; can't wait for the 'survival' mode. However it needs some anti-greifing mechanisms in place for multiplayer.Edit: Survival mode's here! And its great so far. Can't wait to see what the devs put in next.
76561198096192149,Recommended,244850,9654699,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Dutchy,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198070337005,Recommended,244850,10330983,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Derodoris,Excellent Game I have spent countless hours on this
,Recommended,244850,8022160,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ampersand Tilde,"It ma onl be in Alpha but this game has a lot of potential. I'm certainly looking foreward to the future and the updates to come. Multiship battles with the ability to do everything from fire missiles and gatling guns, to the ability to throw small asteroids at eachother would be amazing!"
76561198060518371,Recommended,244850,10325293,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,A-1,"This game is so fun!!! I recomend it, it is a must have steam game."
,Recommended,244850,9845238,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Inkawok,It's a must try! Look it up on youtube.
76561198123170793,Recommended,244850,9072880,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,incredibleHAL,Love this game. Creativity in space.
,Recommended,244850,8968389,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Lieutenant Danimals,"So, you're in Spess. And you're not a Mehreen. So. It's alright."
,Recommended,244850,10351046,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,weebs shall die,Space.  Engineering.  Disaster.
,Recommended,244850,10134528,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Toasterghost,space is a great place and space engineers does that
76561198021480418,Recommended,244850,10105105,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,M E H,Yes
,Recommended,244850,9962246,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,QC | Phantom,"This game is very fun to play alone and with friends, I can't wait to see what new features are added in the future."
76561198078090701,Recommended,244850,10085090,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,HortoniusMaximus,Well Good M810/10 Would Bang
76561198073382435,Recommended,244850,8542665,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kolinchkov,"A must have game. Very interesting if you like demolition, fighting, or construction based games. Destruction physics and detail are amazing. You can build any kind of ship or spacestation. There are several other features, but too many to go through. Once again, this is a must have game."
,Recommended,244850,12429383,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,qui-gon-rui,Excellent!!! Looking Forward for the new updates!!! Keep Them Coming!!!Nice Game!!Please Continue The Good Work!!:)
76561198067930793,Recommended,244850,10228888,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,doctor_n_,This game combines all of the features that have been wanted packaged in space games for years. Personally I have loved my time wiht it so far 5/5
76561198007987472,Recommended,244850,9890134,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,( AU) War Cronicles,"Its fun , great time waster, lets your mind create"
,Recommended,244850,9999564,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,tedsmac,"This is a fantastic game. Early access, so you get to grow with the game. Even so-- It has come a very very long way and is playable in all modes. Test your building skill or fight with other players in multiplayer mode. I have put hours into this game and  I will put many more. Weekly updats on thursdays (EST) also to keep it fresh and exciting. ***** five stars!"
76561197963532450,Recommended,244850,10465157,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Forgebreaker,Innvative and limitless if you like Fleet ships and multiplayer.
76561198122557363,Recommended,244850,12254604,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Cmdrfyre,Awesome. Now back to building and crashing spaceships.
76561198036037775,Recommended,244850,15838472,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Broadsword,Great
,Recommended,244850,11754533,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Pyravia,"I absolutely love this game. Space engineers is literally engineers in space; infinate possibilities in infinate space.I could spend hundreds of hours playing this game and still constantly have fun. Even when you do something wrong and destroy all of your work, it can still be fun.I was trying to build a warp drive with gravity wells and artificial mass, but when I turned it on I had forgotten to turn the ships gravity off. I have never seen something as massive as a battleship move so fast in such a comical way.Space Engineers is quite simply the greatest sandbox game ever made, and it is only alpha."
76561197995971726,Recommended,244850,13585680,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Satarel,"I don´t understand how I got 200 hrs lol.I love survival, I love build and mine.This is my first save game, there is no need to start ower just build new and bigger ship."
,Recommended,244850,19213365,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Tamothy,"This early-access game is (in my opinion) brilliant.Constantly gtting new features (always updating)simple one people might miss: controller support (I used to use xpadder, because I have crappy wrists)seems the devs are always paying attention and always adding & improvingI think what a lot of people want to know is whether a game gets attention from the devs, this one certainly does.It's a blast playing with friendsBuild just about anything, any sizeshoot peoplespace.P.S. I haven't played planets; but I will be after posting this and turning on my xbox controller"
76561198019587762,Recommended,244850,8974045,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,NinjaPolk94,"Great Space sandbox, new updates are released every 1-2 weeks. definately worth 15$"
76561198054597212,Recommended,244850,9647016,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Oddbird,"Holy Cow... this game is amazing, the whole experience is amazing.  If you're into sandbox gameplay with good physics and limitless possibilities than shouldn't hesitate purchasing this awesome game.  The Creative mode is awesome allowing you to build anything your heart desires from massive space stations to replica star destroyers all the way down to personal transport/mining vessels; and the Survival mode really makes you feel like you're alone adrift in space.  Also bonus points for have one of the best most epic soundtracks I've heard on any game.  There's so much more to it... you just need to try it, and for the price I can guarantee you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,244850,12482595,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Apia7670,This game is so much fun. Honestly you all Should play it then we can have an epic space fight! would be so cool. Even if the game isn't finished its so cool. 9.7/10
76561198038160576,Recommended,244850,13058171,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,wise man,amazing...just amazing
,Recommended,244850,30214932,Posted: 26 February,all,MLSTS,This game have a good customization level. You can build all part of your ship and bases from scratch and you can even code you machine with C# so you can do almost everything that you can code it or you can download it from workshops.The physics system are great for this kind of game but for now their are less planets  (Only 3) with living stuff and PvE element is too less.The major problem of this game is intense lag in planets and in space with a lot of ships.P.S. if it have a direct connect via ip button to dedicated server it will be good.
76561198141251935,Recommended,244850,15141064,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Cross-Conception,"peaple say this is just like minecraft, its not, its got a great modding community and unuiqe gameplay,and as a trump card, SPACE!"
76561198048307712,Recommended,244850,9932221,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,-=312th=- Buzzed Bear,Buy it.   Just buy it.  Its fun.  Its frustrating too.   Its a lot of fun.  Makes you think.  Makes you wonder.  Its a lot of fun.Just buy it.
,Recommended,244850,12713517,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,qυαηтα,"Planets are great, just kind of change the game up quite a bit, from space engineers to planet engineers. Anyways, thats just me, i like them so much i stay on them for the most part, but that the same time the make space more apealing after being on a planet gets boring."
,Recommended,244850,13441249,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,AaronLee,"When playing paid alpha games I always like to live by the rule of; ""Don't buy itif it's not fun yet.""Space Engineers suffers from some bugs but, thanks to the recent string or weekly releases, it has stabilized significantly. Multiplayer performance has been hit and miss over time, but when it works MP is a blast, even if to just get your creations some exposure in a community besides the workshop. The mod integration is already seamless, though currently VERY limitted in scope.Being based on havoc, which any good gamer knows is not a physics simulator but a things'wot'go-fast-and-explode simulator, the game's physics for everything BUT collisions are very wonky. The game seems to be aware of this and tries its best to show off its superior collision and object damage physics by making your creations self-destruct spontaneously and without reason. This is especially true in multiplayer but has, in recent updates subsided. Most of the unique building features that the Havoc engine previously dissaproved of (and showed this by showing off its amazing collision physics) are much more stable.Keen Software House have shown responsiveness in the past and the legacy of glitchiness now largely relegated to Space Engineers' past shows this. With any luch, the game that is launched from this alpha will be truly stupendous.Until the, it's fun as-is."
,Recommended,244850,13812662,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,emily,"Originally I had reviewed this game with a thumbs down, but the developers have started to work on the only areas I was upset about, being lack of linux support and very bad networking code.I am pleased this game is moving forward and is still looking to improve for the people that bought it early on.Please buy this game, it is well worth it if you love games like minecraft but want way more depth to be autistic with programming and artistic creations."
76561198130718608,Recommended,244850,10339152,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Overclocked,"Excellent sandbox, amazing graphics, a must have!!"
,Recommended,244850,10361917,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Zuuuuz,lolol
,Recommended,244850,7623892,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Frederick Barbarossa,A great game. Picture Starmade but with better graphics and more ease of access.Can't wait for Multiplayer.
76561198071667330,Recommended,244850,10180295,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Saitama,MUST HAVE
76561198043542190,Recommended,244850,10223016,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Groock,Minecraft in the future where cubes have evolved and everything is much less pixley and of course its in f*ckin space!
,Recommended,244850,10278249,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,kayaldren,"Amazing, Fun, and Intesting physics based space survival game that has come a very long way in the short amount of time that is has been out. would highly recommend to anyone who is looking to have some fun in space with their friends and make amazing things. Join me and we can build some awsome things together! or just, you know, blow up every thing >;)"
,Recommended,244850,10075032,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Yushatak,Exactly what it says on the tin. If you think you'd like it - you will.
76561198081553965,Recommended,244850,10024375,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,HardTuck,"Everything about this beautiful gem is phenominal. The gameplay is smooth, the mechanics are ingenius, and it just looks fabulous. Building ships truely feels realistic and rewarding, not to mention how simple it is with mirrored mode enabled. If you're a fan of simualtions, space, strategy, or bloody minecraft, then this game should definitely be picked up."
76561198061806047,Recommended,244850,9671058,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Paladinsas,Insanely fun working with the physics engine and managing resources.
76561198045437695,Recommended,244850,10391248,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kygar,"Fantastic game and its not even finished. Loving the survival+building. Have not tried combat yet but I'm sure it is awesome. If you like creating your own space ships from scratch, designing a space station from scratch, and making small ships for mining and constructing, then try this out. The physics are good, ships take damage and you can mine asteroids which are voxels and not blocks."
,Recommended,244850,9292580,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Catbat,"This game is just the best and everyone should get it because you can build a ship and crash it into a smaller ship, now what other game can you do that...."
76561198126849465,Recommended,244850,9297073,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Hynji,"This game is amazing! Yes, its still being made, but it is amazing! Once you build a space ship, You too can become, a SPACE WIZARD!"
76561198079796574,Recommended,244850,9314665,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Дядя Сергей,"If I had a better computer this would be awesome. If you have a great computer and like building stuff and like space, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,244850,9317902,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Lt.Dean,epic game can't wait for it to be fully released
76561198015836117,Recommended,244850,9926892,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Ryautt,get it
76561197970199285,Recommended,244850,9927580,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Arimus,"If you are into space in any way, this game is for you. Really starting to get into it now!"
76561198031766980,Recommended,244850,9930440,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Mantaplatte,"Super Spiel, um es mal kurz und knapp zu sagen."
76561198046797357,Recommended,244850,9931241,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,fire_rdr,this game IS FUN in survival mode BUT the game has quite the learning curvewhat i suggest is find someone who already has played the game a bit and go to a private match togather and have him teach you the hoopsalso i suggest getting a teamspeak to talk with that friend to make things easier there is a chat option but still its easier to explain things in this game via micrphone
,Recommended,244850,9932487,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,CAPTAINMEXIC0,"if you ever played with legos, you will enjoy the hell out of this game."
,Recommended,244850,9684290,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Theforeseen1,One of the best space sandboxes ive ever played love it its pretty good at running at some times though latly ive been experencing lag so im not to sure but there are also rotors which allows you to make pisons and what not .
,Recommended,244850,9692446,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Khrodes,"I was a little skeptical jumping into this game as an early access game, but I was pleasantly surprised. Even though this game is still in the works, the framework of the game is already quite addictive. Creative or survival mode, both are fun in their own unique ways. Based on what I've seen, the developers are listening to the community as they are shaping the game for the future. The destruction/deformation system is pretty incredible to see - crashing ships into one another, or clipping an asteroid at 100m/s has some pretty incredible consequences. There are many voxel games out there, but none of them are quite like Space Engineers. This game - already amazing - can only get better."
76561197983824769,Recommended,244850,9709842,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Blastoise,Dude. You need this.
,Recommended,244850,9710255,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,GalacticSuperstarMcAwesomeville,Like Minecraft in space. Except better.
76561198118729272,Recommended,244850,9724007,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Skreeechis,this game deserves 5 stars
76561198073494014,Recommended,244850,9732761,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,xBeast ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ TOO LEGIT ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ,this game is like bangers and im the mash
,Recommended,244850,9736910,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Devil240Z,I really want to play this game but every time I try there isn't a tutorial or anything so I cant really figure out what to do. Hopefully there will be more structure in the future. It is Early Access afterall.
,Recommended,244850,9738671,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,SeriousBread,Play this♥♥♥♥♥♥ yo
76561198063439056,Recommended,244850,9739575,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Zero Soul,"Minecraft, but in SPPPPPAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCEEEEEE! What's not to love?"
76561198078034180,Recommended,244850,9742397,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,[Norty Boyz] Luxxenos,"Although early in its development, Space Engineers has lots of content and is very fun to play whether you like transporting cargo or fighting with other people. This game not only allows you to fly ships around space, you can even make them! The building is easy and the GUI is simple to use. However it does have some minor framerate issues but they dont affect the gameplay at all. I would definitely reccomend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,244850,9743879,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Fat Man,"A great voxel based survival game with a space theme, its got a lot going for it. With convincing physics and a lot of toys to play around in space it is easily worth the price of entry. However, it is an early access and a lot is missing. But this doesn't hold the game back too much (with the exception that as of now April 6 2014 there is no wepons for big ships that work). Worth your time, and worth your money. Especially if you have a few friends to join you."
76561198037312412,Recommended,244850,9745829,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,(cafeQ)Mobydick Balls of Destiny,"Really cool game ! Even being an alpha, this game have much to offer in therm of complexity and fun of course. The game is maybe a little hard at first, but once you got the trick, this is a real charm. For the fans that loved and still love minecraft, 7 days to die or even mass effect"
76561197967268072,Recommended,244850,9747117,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Bobo Bananas,BOBO GO INTO SPACE!
,Recommended,244850,9750822,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tarbabieus Porchape,Support this game!!
76561198043668626,Recommended,244850,9773281,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ossian Mills,"Such a cool game! Now with the addition of survivial mode, it is super appealing. The devs are also working on it contuniously to add multiple awesome new features."
,Recommended,244850,9783511,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,USMCG_Deranged,"For those that say this is similar to Minecraft wouldn't be completely wrong. However, this is what I would consider Minecraft for adults or those that prefer a beautiful atmosphere i.e. highly polished graphics, and it's still in Alpha by the way.I had been watching this game grow for a couple weeks or so, but already knew I wanted to play it eventually. Minecraft was not for me; hated the graphics and monotonous activity of digging, hacking, or slashing to build NES 8-bit communities. I didn't hate all of it though, I thought the addition of adding in traps was a nice touch, but too little too late for me as I had already stopped playing it (for the entire 4 hours I did play).Space Engineers is just amazing in what it is and has accomplished. A space atmosphere that makes me feel as though this is exactly how I would move if I were in space. The building is simplistic, yet very in depth at the same time. My only complaint is of a personal one in that my computer setup is my central hub to everything electronic and I use a very small keyboard that uses ""alt"" keys for things like DELETE and HOME, etc. So, I bought a brand new gaming keyboard and couch desk just so I could plunk many more hours into this game comfortably.Updates are weekly and sometimes daily even as the devs continue to polish this game into something their fanbase wants to play instead of the AAA companies making a game that puts cash in the bank. The devs listen to their customers and are transforming what is already an amazing experience into something more.I highly recommend picking this up while it is still in Alpha so that you can see what it is now and what it will later become. For anyone that enjoys turning on some music and zoning out in space while creating, destroying, or just exploring this game will definitely fit the bill.Also, it has GUNS, ROCKETS, MISSILES, etc!!!! What Marine or otherwise insane civilian doesn't like shooting things and watching them be eviscerated?!"
,Recommended,244850,9795179,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Roasty McToasty,"----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Much TL;DR, it's a game about building spaceships and space stations in an asteroid field by mining the asteroids. Worth a shot if you like building stuff, mining stuff, or just blowing the pulp out of big things in space.If you're looking for scores, scroll down near the bottom. Otherwise, keep reading if you're the patient kind of guy (Be warned though, this review came out stupidly long)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Armed with a game engine hailing from 2012's Miner Wars 2081, Keen Software House takes the Mining/Survival/Creative concept popularized by Minecraft and similar games, and puts it in outer space. An interesting combination, certainly, that many of us have perhaps thought of at least once; ""What if there was a game which allowed me to build Minecraft-style, but in space?"".Using the knowledge and game engine applied in Miner Wars, KSH set out to create something to that end, and Space Engineers was the result. Summed up in one long sentence, the game basically puts you in the shoes of an astronaut lost in deep space; with no hope of rescue, you must analyze your surroundings, and use your engineering knowledge to mine the surrounding asteroids for resources, set up a base and protect yourself from environmental hazards.Space Engineers is, in all its glory, the sum of its parts. Its parts being detailed below:Mining and manufacturing: One way to get anywhere in the long run is to analyze the asteroid fields, mine the dozen or so different ores and minerals, run them through a refinery structure and assemble the resulting ingots into parts, with which to build new stations and ships.Piracy and warfare: However, when you're a bit more established, you may wish to explore the other way, which was made available in a recent update: weapons manufacture and subsequently piracy & warfare. From time to time, NPC ships will fly near your asteroid field, and when they do it's your choice to leave them be, or take what's (un)rightfully yours. Similarily, the manufacture of weapons allows you to start doing battle against other people, building ships and outfitting them with guns and ammo. While ship dogfighting is, currently, the main form of feasible warfare in Space Engineers, there is no lack of hand-weapons, which lend an FPS aspect to the game as well, which works seamlessly with the dynamic construction system, allowing people to build battle arenas and things of the like, which also brings me to the next point...Creative construction: Another major selling point for Space Engineers is the ability to build without limit. Space is endless, and so are the possibilities in creative mode, as evidenced by the monolithic constructions found on the Steam Workshop.In fact, even the survival mode allows you to explore the reaches of your mind once you've got a proper factory up and running, as the vast overabundance of minerals pose no availibility issues.However, like all game concepts on good and bad, there are things about the game that certain players will find annoying. This is, however, subjective and things some people find incredibly annoying might not have the same effect on other players. Allow me to elaborate...Logistics is currently an issue, to say the least. Cargo holds do not work properly, conveyors are disabled, and transfer of cargo from one ship to another is as of yet impossible without use of the astronaut as a middleman. Further, the big ship gun turrets are also disabled and unusable. There are a number of issues beyond these which I cannot remember at the time of writing this review, but that is irrelevant, as the devs are working tirelessly to correct issues and add functionality. In fact, thus far, there's been an update every week, with but a few misses. Can you name a big-label AAA title that does or did that after it's premature release as a public alpha? Didn't think so.This review has gone on for long enough now, and if you've read the entire thing, you are a patient person. I value patience, and thus, I commend you. Below is a conclusion.So, what are my thoughts on this game? Let's break it down to an easy 1-10 scale. Keep in mind that these are based on opinions and may not fully reflect the actual score a professional reviewer would've given it.Gameplay: 8 or 9. Depends on what aspects of the game you like. Me, I like being creative, I like sci-fi, and I like big things. Big vehicles especially. Oh, and space.Visuals: 6, 7, or 8. Depends on what you look at and what settings you're playing on. While the game engine is, as mentioned up at the top of this page, lifted from Keen Software House's 2012 title Miner Wars 2081, it is only the asteroids that are left behind from that game, as everything man-made is modelled and textured from scratch, and the relative quality of those pieces are dependant on what your render settings are at: if it's on 'normal', they might look lacking to the eye, but on 'extreme', they actually look quite good. The problem is that unless you have a top-tier PC, you may have trouble getting 50 or 60 FPS out of the game on 'extreme'.Audio: 5 or 6. Depends on if you value noise over realism. For this game KSH have decided on a realistic approach for the gameplay, with proper space dynamics representation. However, they went away from the realism on the audio; in real life, space is silent. It is impossible by nature to project sound in the gasless empty of space, yet you can clearly and from a distance hear factories and tools working as if you were on a planet bathing in gas. Of course, with all this said, it'd be quite boring to have literally everything be completely silent, and if you'd want that, it is as easy as muting the sound or using software to make sound more real and muffle it. As for the sound itself, it's fairly realistic, and the game has its own music soundtrack. Nothing hugely memorable, but it's there nonetheless.User Interface: 6. Basically, the HUD is the regular old bar at the bottom of the screen that represents what items you have hotlinked. There's also a window that shows a few stats about what you're doing, how much you're carrying, how much energy you've left, etc. The inventory itself and things related to such is fairly more complicated and not exactly intuitive. However, it gets easier when you've played for a while.Okay, this review has gone on for a stupidly long while now. Again, I commend you if you read the whole thing.Thanks for reading, be sure to vote this up if you thought it was helpful enough!"
76561197971267257,Recommended,244850,9807967,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,(BrC)Warpath,"Great and fun concept and now it has a survival mode, where mining many types of resources and building and keeping your ships, stations and suit powered is a constant challenge.As for early access, as any alpha/beta game this too is not finished or polished but the developers are releasing updates regularly and these are of the type of 'WE JUST ADDED MULTIPLAYER'. This gives me confidence that they persist to develop this concept in to the full game it has the potential to be."
76561198041635709,Recommended,244850,9175971,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,#R3ck,Are you fan of Minecraft? Do you like space? Do you like Engineering?? Well you will love this game and now you can play it with friends cause multiplayer is now aveliable.Buy it now you and your friends and start building space ships and space stations (or anything you want) and start pvp .The game is worth the money...!!Happy Crafting!!!
76561198028684483,Recommended,244850,9186295,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Berik,Minecraft + space + better building systems + space + guns + SPAAAAAAACE= awesome
,Recommended,244850,10319410,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,AnomalyNow,"Still in development, this is one of my favorite games of the past year. Mine asteroids, craft ships and bases. The physics is pretty good, and the dev's continue to release regular updates. They've even polled the players to see what should be developed next."
76561198044223293,Recommended,244850,10334841,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Argonis,"I was one that hated minecraft, but i love this. At first look i was hesitant but i thaught i would give it a try.Its creativity is brilliant. build the biggest most badass ship you want. Or build small fighters / carriers. If your creative and know how, have a fully mobile space station with vehicles to move ores or items. Build a mining facility inside an astroid or just have co op with people or a mess around on fighters, whatever you want.Lots of frequent updates impoving the game, brilliant sandbox.launching crafted bombs at my mate never gets old."
,Recommended,244850,10193955,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Bluvian,Almost like minecraft but in space... all i can say :)
,Recommended,244850,9739425,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,SirBottoms,Its Awesome Watch Youtube Videos!
,Recommended,244850,10111004,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Apthos,"It's like Minecraft...BUT IN SPACE!!! You can build epic ships and bases. But the best feature is the mining. You have to mine for hours to get enough resources for something, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,244850,10289654,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ash,"Awesome game, alittle boring to play alone and a bit intensive on the graphics side. But all in all a fun and great game."
76561198135784506,Recommended,244850,10171294,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,DLAYER,"Awesome game, even better playing with people you know."
76561198023392063,Recommended,244850,10030870,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Bogeyharm,This game is just amazing.you can create a gaint space ship. and small ships to defend it. it is the most fun to play with your friends :3Cuz you can build together and if you want to you can make a space ship fight with yor friend :Dso yea what i told is nothing. in this game you can do everything (almost everything :3)so buy this game and have fun building allone or building with your friends(sorry for my bad english)
76561198022580086,Recommended,244850,10059811,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Kappinkrunch,"So much fun to build, and test ideas in space. Watch out for the meteor showers!"
,Recommended,244850,10084769,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Hummy_Seed,I haven't played long. But I can already tell I'm going to be obsessed.
,Recommended,244850,10088586,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SpooKy,Interesting space adventure survival buildy thing. Words can't explain it. Buy it and play it. It's definitely worth it. Now let me handle my broken ship that crashed into an asteroid.
76561197995952707,Recommended,244850,10096358,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Praetorian709,No Space AIDS as long as you wear your space suit... Enemies everywhere!
,Recommended,244850,10096403,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Nik,_/(|(  :__\  \  _____(____)  `|(____)|   |(____).__|(___)__.|_____
76561198009512192,Recommended,244850,10106442,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Treysss,"Wonderful game; well worth the current price tag ($20) to get hold of either creative or survival mode. Getting both together -- in addition to multiplayer and the workshop -- is fantastic.""Space Engineers is inspired by reality and by how things work. Think about modern-day NASA technology extrapolated 60 years into the future. Space Engineers strives to follow the laws of physics and doesn't use technologies that wouldn't be feasible in the near future. "" Try to keep this quote (from the game description) in mind; in Space Engineers, you'll find propulsion systems, guns, explosives, etc...but you won't be finding force fields or warp drives (at least not yet; there are some monster modding opportunities with this game, however).With physics as realistic as they can be within the limits of the game engine, this game also works wonderfully to help children understand principles they might not grasp so easily out of just a textbook. Float in space with no stabilizers to keep you in place and shoot a gun...sure, the bullets go forward, but you also go backward. Put engines on the back of a ship to push you forward...that's fine...but try to stop without engines on the front to provide 'reverse acceleration', and you're in trouble.Okay...I've run on far too long. Short: this game is far more than worth the price tag. The devs really do listen to players' thoughts and opinions and take them into account. New updates each week, with new pieces or updates to make gameplay smoother. Just buy it already.(Also check out space engineers on youtube to see some of the amazing things others have created...find something you like? Download it off the workshop and play with it yourself, or just blow it up!)"
76561198031793206,Recommended,244850,8980597,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,ROFLwafles,"Completely epic with even more epic potential. It's fun enough to build your favorite sci-fi ships right now, but when they get the big guns running and massive multiplayer arenas pop up... I can hardly wait!"
,Recommended,244850,8996196,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Shadow,This is a Really Good Game!!!!!!!!!!
76561198040730489,Recommended,244850,8732534,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kurguzz,Epic... Like Space minecraft just with out blocks.. :D awesome
,Recommended,244850,8737467,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Cool Frog,"You get to go into space, mine asteroids, build ships AND bases.  What's not to love?Within my first hour I had built a mining ship and had cored an asteroid.  I then spent 4 hours building fighters and having dog fights with my friend.Buy this game.  This pre-alpha is better than many games I've played."
,Recommended,244850,8744922,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Tactical Nuclear Coffee,"Very fun game if you wanna build a ship and plow it into someone elses ship/station, u can mine and its multiplayer, wait for beta or release if your not bothered about it, but it does seem like it will be very good multiplayer!"
,Recommended,244850,8758150,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Shiiniie,"This game is getting to a point where i can't describe it, since it has multiplayer now it sure is worth your money AND your time!You gotta have to try it out!"
,Recommended,244850,8771151,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Lama,Great game alot of fun! :)
,Recommended,244850,8776101,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Thicc,"Just to let you know, this is a really fun game. I reccomend to buy it before it costs more when its fully realesed. FYI if you buy early prepare to expect some lag"
,Recommended,244850,8782541,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Cheeze_tank,10/10
,Recommended,244850,8788900,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Smoke,a great game (for an alpha) with great potential. it's like minecraft in space.
,Recommended,244850,8799828,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Chachi,Glitchy. As. ♥♥♥♥.
76561198074867089,Recommended,244850,8802367,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Emperor King of Pork,This game is amazing
76561198063892847,Recommended,244850,8809061,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,3 rEtARd,It's like minecraft in space. Also the music is awesome
,Recommended,244850,8836179,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Dainadoof,♥♥♥♥♥♥Penis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Penis. P-p-p♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,244850,8856878,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,FunkyTowner,"10/10, would crash spaceships into eachother again. And again. And again. And again. And again.And again."
76561198089271618,Recommended,244850,8863237,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Alucard,"This game is a super fun space shooter, for the most part it's realistic, such as weight thruster volocity damage on structure's, though their are a couple of bugs, the ones that are their are more of inconvenient'ses than a game breaker. I fully support this game and I recomend this game to anyone! :)"
76561197996285569,Recommended,244850,8865622,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,FabioSwan,Love it! I've always been a fan of voxel based games but they continuously seemed to lack something very important. Drivable creations. This games brings that to life perfectly by allowing you to build massive ships with a mass amount of unique gadgets to use on them and gives you the amazing environment by taking place in space! Add in the incredible physics engine that this game has and you get pure awesomeness. Join the endless fun and hope to see you around
,Recommended,244850,8888240,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dash,I love this game it is crazy fun! I highly recommend.
,Recommended,244850,8672848,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Ampro,"This is a very nice game with a lot of freedom to build whatever you want (space ships, space stations, and much more variety in the genre or theme). This is a Sci-fi sandbox game so if you happen to like space, building (sandbox), or adventure you should get this game. Many updates to the game were made like weapons, drills, clampers, and much more to come as of now (1/11/14)."
,Recommended,244850,8680745,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Archangel_Omega,"A very addictive game that shows Massive potential. I highly recommend it, though it's still in the early beta stages of development. The devs are very active, and push out updates almost every Thursday. Not all of the game mechanics are implemented yet, so if that bothers you, hold off a while. Otherwise if you're looking for a space based sandbox with full construction and destruction, you're going to have fun."
,Recommended,244850,8999230,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Nazzari,seems like once they update it fully and its outa alpha it will be awesome just like minecraft
,Recommended,244850,9012561,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Feral,Entertaining...
,Recommended,244850,9037509,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Commander Fleming,A fantastic space ship sim; pure and simple. Educational too.
76561198028613165,Recommended,244850,9047886,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,0rsum panda,this is a good game but can you put in planets
76561198024635857,Recommended,244850,9048563,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Jihad Jimmy,8=======================D
76561198086109753,Recommended,244850,9054515,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Pinsimnick,"it is so AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!the only thing is that the big spaceships at the beginning, when you get in one, you can't hardly see!!!!but other wise it's awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:}"
,Recommended,244850,9069303,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Sir Chilidog99,"Probably one of the best games since minecraft and terraria, build and explode anything you can build, block by block; make a castle that doubles as a space fortress, fly around the universe, you create,and do anything you like"
,Recommended,244850,9071976,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,CrazyToons101,You Should Make More Wepons And Ship Options And If Possible make the map huge! its the best game iv ever played! and thank you for making it I like space and ships and space stations so yay!
,Recommended,244850,9072630,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr. Meatcleaver,"People say that this game is just Minecraft in space, but In my opinion that couldn't be more wrong.What this game has over Minecraft is:1) - Physics. Placing gravity modules in a ship or station will anchor your feet to the surface marked as the floor, and objects can easily break and float into space because of zero gravity.2) - Procedural destruction. You can snap ships down the middle and it'll split like a banana. The damaged blocks bend and crack, and its great fun to build something just to ram something else into it.3) - Interiors. Want to build a huuuuge ship and walk around inside it, complete with working engine rooms, infirmaries, hangar bays, observation decks, mineral extraction centers, control modules, bridges and more? You can go right ahead and do that. No ship or station is too big to build.4) - Easy to learn, hard to master. You can make little fighters or big carriers fast and without problems, but making something that really stands out and is appealing both visually and effectively takes time and training.5) - Multiplayer and working guns. Want to have space fighter battles, guns blazing and parts that get hit breaking off and blowing up? You can do that.All in all, this is a great sandbox game, and it is being updated weekly. If you're a sucker for constructing things and then crashing them together, then this is a game for you."
,Recommended,244850,9098530,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Im Unreal Chaos,amazing creative game that can turn into so much more good bye minecraft hello space engineers
76561198042036022,Recommended,244850,8410365,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Schindlers hips,smashing up ships and building ships what more do you want
76561198101774203,Recommended,244850,8419544,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LegionShadow,this game is to damn cool
,Recommended,244850,8447112,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zelyth,"This game is great, even in alpha. It touches aspects of exploration, creativity in a simple way that even young kids can understand. Will definetely be great for multiplayer."
,Recommended,244850,7562529,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Pope Fender III,"This game is fantastic, much easier than KSP (still love KSP). It's so much fun you all must purchase it."
,Recommended,244850,7587831,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Monkey,"Monkeys in space, supporting the freedom of the human race."
,Recommended,244850,7614762,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Nice Spice,DEM PHYSICS DOH
76561198070944921,Recommended,244850,8545880,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Metroid,"If u like science, play it!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244850,8701240,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Youd Be Surprise,"Yo daewg dis gaem be prety gud lyke if u lik mincreft u wil like dis game, its lik mincrfeft but in spc n stuf"
,Recommended,244850,9815248,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,[GEEC] Ecen Cronzeton,"Space Engineers is a game where you play as an Engineer in uh.. Space. The game really tries to stay true to the laws of physics, which is great, while on the same time not complicating things too much. So far it I find it really fun to play, I've spent so much time just designing and building stuff.Then there is riding ships... Do you know how awesome it is to stand on a ship, piloted by a friend of yours, and watch the huge asteroid outside the window seemingly turn around and move, knowing that you're the one actually doing the moving? If you don't know that I can tell you, it is.However, the game does currently lack quite a few things. Worlds consist of just empty space with a few asteroids in the center, lag can mess up travelling on (especially fast-)moving ships quite a bit and some features have not yet been enabled. All these things are however being worked on and by the time this game is released, I expect that all these things will be more or less fixed.In conclusion, this is a great game already and it's fun to run around and build things, but if you want more of a full-game experience, you may want to wait until more advanced world-generation is added so that building spaceships can actually help you go somewhere except for into the void of deep space. For whether or not this game is worth the price - it sure is, and for the finished game, I believe I would easily pay the double."
76561198117277066,Recommended,244850,9818720,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Nepgear ✌,"this game is great for the creative minds of people who have always wanted to be able to build and design space ships without any limitations (except the lack of blocks they would want that are not in the game) a great ""minecraft in space"" as some people may call i love the game but i would like to see some optional enemy or friendly npcs in the game you know like not aliens they could be an enemy country's astronauts i know the rifle is for pvp but what about single player games the enemys don't even have to be frequent just a little encounter here and there?"
,Recommended,244850,9821445,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,josh,HEHEHE FUN!
,Recommended,244850,9839405,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Alhanar,This game has a very interesting future ahead. Overal its a very nice space sandbox game but needs a lot of work still. I think that as time passes and dev keep adding more blocks and pieces it will become better and better.
76561198021316260,Recommended,244850,9840388,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Videosphere,"Wow.I know that this game is still in testing so there are bound to be some bugs and issues here and there, plus not a whole lot of content... But just wow.I'm blown away by how user friendly this game is. Initially it may be a little bit of a challenge to get a grasp on, but after a few hours of mucking around in-game its easy to get used to.The multiplayer capabilities are oustanding, particularly at this early stage in the game, and I absolutely can't wait to see what this game will look like when it reaches completion.I recommend this for sure. Buy it, play it, love it. Space Engineers doesn't cost much but it is worth every cent you pay."
,Recommended,244850,9863617,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Ataphanes,Great game. A few glitches to iron out but overall this in my opinion will grow into a massively popular game in the future.
76561198067311764,Recommended,244850,9864923,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Rich_Ewins,"Fun game, even in this early stage, regular updates. Even better played with friends... Oh and did I mention the epic soundtrack?I hope as time goes on that the game becomes more stable, but that is to be expected with an alpha game. I look forward to future updates."
76561198074191741,Recommended,244850,9878647,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,exile090,"WOW, this game is like erector set in space...   with Guns!!!"
,Recommended,244850,9883171,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,MUT,"Its a very nice game, the new features, new modes are awsome!"
,Recommended,244850,9896978,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Hunter,"Epic game, slight bugs with co-op other ppl in your ship but other than that this is an amazing game and i cant wait to see what they have instore for us in the future."
76561198068099027,Recommended,244850,9904479,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Err0r Head,fun game!
76561198043422587,Recommended,244850,9906172,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Jordokc,"Definately worth the money, an approved purchase indeed."
76561198043729939,Recommended,244850,9910734,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Nate,"After 10 minutes of playing this game I realised it was a game I have been looking for for years. It's just the right amount of difficult and ispires your imagination to go into overdrive. I cannot wait until this game is finished, it can only get better from here."
,Recommended,244850,9913920,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,WG4575,This game is awesome! You can fly around and have a bunch of fun!
,Recommended,244850,9914412,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,TheUberAlbertosaur csgolive.com,awesome game thats only $20!!
76561198096760526,Recommended,244850,9914687,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,DerpyDragons,This game is AWSOME
,Recommended,244850,9632261,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Allcars,I dug through astroids and then built spaceship in a spaceship.10/10
,Recommended,244850,9634292,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Steelhorse,I really like this game the minecraft in space feel. It has a few issues with netcode and larger ships and mining in multiplayer. But overall this is fun as hell with freinds or not. the Workshop is full of things that amaze me how much people do.
,Recommended,244850,8947929,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Laszlo33TV,best space game ever
,Recommended,244850,8963714,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MP,I´ve had a really good time playing this so far!
,Recommended,244850,8964240,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cataplex,This game is the most addicting game I have ever gotten on Steam!  I highly recommend it to any gamer!  I am constantly thinking of new ships to create and what I could uniquely put on each one!  I just wish that the repair tools worked I cannot wait for that update!  My personal rating for this game on a scale of 1-10 is 11!!
76561198048341621,Recommended,244850,9186565,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,The Cartographer,Best space game ever!
76561198088470398,Recommended,244850,9186641,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SH13LD,"Buld whatever you want, from X-wings to Death Stars. Great community but a sharp learning curve."
,Recommended,244850,9193583,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Galoot,Built a spear-shaped ship and rammed it into some random's big ship.Pierced a clean hole right through it.10/10.
,Recommended,244850,9194749,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Chattox,Build ships. Smash ships. Worth £12.
76561198021351083,Recommended,244850,9196909,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,siddhartha_gotama2,"Great game if I can get it to work. The problem is the game tells me ""We have detected a better graphics card on your computer than the game currently runs on"" I attampt to force it to run in my NVIDIA control panel, but it simply defaults to the integrated graphics card."
,Recommended,244850,9197388,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Sevaver,Only played a♥♥♥♥♥♥while by myself so far. This game is amazing. I can see a HUGE potential if the dev's keep it going the way it is. Going to be playing this for at least a few weeks.
,Recommended,244850,9207243,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,The Big Burrito,"This game is pretty good. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys minecraft. It's a decent game with a lot of room for improvement. Allows for a lot of creativity, and it's pretty cleverly designed.7/10 for an alpha at the moment, when it goes full release I expect much more."
,Recommended,244850,9212442,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,gizzy,pretty sweet already and its in alpha still
,Recommended,244850,9213364,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Vlad,"this game gives you the feeling of just so much, when this game comes out with the full version itr will be sooooo fun and soooo chok full of stuff. it already is and it isnt even done yet, great physics generator, and reminds me a bit of minecraft. except like-- a sci-fi awesomness version.WORTH IT."
76561198065976167,Recommended,244850,9213371,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,LilCrusher,Very detailed with good quality!
76561197982124091,Recommended,244850,9220774,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,KnightMB258,"Its very good, even in its alpha stage. Full release is going to awesome.Its my new minecraft...in space."
,Recommended,244850,9223261,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Abscond the Ignorant,awesome game. still very alphaish but there's a lot of potential and I had a lot of fun trying to do some pvp
,Recommended,244850,9224160,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Moiyo,Soooooo good
,Recommended,244850,10410200,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,SlattsGordon™,gud gamu
,Recommended,244850,10618142,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Der Seb,Minecraft in Space! (with better graphics)Funny game with awesome physics and regular updates!
,Recommended,244850,10669209,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Por favor señor lagarto,Best Early Access
,Recommended,244850,10568080,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Szarko,This game is awesome if you enjoy complicated survival games. Think of minecraft in space. If you played spacebuild for gary's mod you'll feel right at home. Loads of fun.
76561198082610530,Recommended,244850,10031547,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Im bad,AWSOME
,Recommended,244850,11024869,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jeff Kaplan,"This is a FANTASTIC game, the graphics are amazing! Even though this game is in alpha it is a quality game nevertheless. If you enjoy a good drug-growing/game-where-you-get-high game then this is for you, if your wondering if the game has any no-scoping features, no not at the moment but i think the creators of space engineers will add this feature in the next coming updanks.~Xx-n0sc0p3s-xX~"
76561198085603945,Recommended,244850,10884945,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kako_Kako,"Just a very fun game. Tho its early access and there is still abit missing, its still fun."
76561198036070593,Recommended,244850,9718616,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,The Great Bardini,"Difficult game, but challenging to learn and addicting to play."
,Recommended,244850,11127471,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Seandead,"This game has good potential if they keep developing features. Its your space sandbox. All the things I wanted from kerbal space program and garrys mod rolled into one. With enough time I am sure it will be just as entertaining as Gmod still is. Worth the money, Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,244850,10203036,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,FishSauce,AWESOME!
76561198148311192,Recommended,244850,18391005,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,dgthoma,it cool
,Recommended,244850,10647680,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,arbys oathbreaker,bro how can you even minecraft in space it doesnt make sense there are no mines well hey figured it out sometimes youre all woooooosh through space and other times its like oh no rocks and♥♥♥♥♥♥are flying at you in space just amazing
,Recommended,244850,12443156,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,bubu,"This game hits the spot for those who want a more advanced minecraft-in-space experience. The price is well worth it and the co-op mode puts the icing on the cake. Working with friends gives you the feeling of a space community building an empire.You must work for your materials through mining, refining the ore, and build components from blueprints. Then, similar to minecraft, you begin construction. There is a lot of room for expansion and automation via turning the mining process from a hand drill spacewalk into a mining ship with a large drill(s) that you can put a docking port on to directly dump resources into your refinery. Don't like mining? Want to be a space pirate? Raid passing ships either by blowing them up and taking their loot or better yet, sneak onto their ship with your machine gun and take the vessel as your own. Strip it for parts, put it into the recycling grinder, or use it as is for your next raid.Space stations, cars/rovers, mechs, mining vessels, any size ship you can imagine from little fighters to battlestar galactica sized behemoths are currently able to be built in any shape or form you want. There are various map configurations that change asteroid density and the size of the map which can be set to unlimited.One of the only cons I have found is that damage taken (from running into things, or being shot at ) seems to be disproportionately high. At times you will bump into something at slowish speeds and the colliding components will break off. You can also use your hand held machine gun to blow a hole in the large steel armor blocks with about 40 bullets. These problems require you to regularly check up on your ship with a welder and repair damage.This game is a lot of fun!"
76561198005149607,Recommended,244850,11063510,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,GhengisRexx,MineCraft in Spaaaaaace!
,Recommended,244850,11283101,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Guardian,"I'm really enjoying this. The game is constantly surprising me with mechanics that seem ahead of any games like it. It's kind of like a mix of building simulators like Minecraft and Starforge, yet very well polished. The sound is believable, although not scientifically accurate and the physics of the game add to the fun and immersion. The workshop content is crazy and it seem the game gets regular updates. For an early access game, it's quite polished."
,Recommended,244850,9296768,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Typho,"AWESOME, Cannot wait until it is completely finished!!"
76561198008958028,Recommended,244850,10154968,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Kane Did Nothing Wrong,There was a shadow that I followed and the object that casted the shadow was invisible!!!!! 10/10
,Recommended,244850,12138421,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,xxMSAxx,This is a great sandbox creation game and the Devs are really putting fast work into it to flesh it out to a full game. Im super impressed with the way they listen to the community and incorparate suggestions into the builds being released. I wish there was some kind of AI to fight against instead of having to go multiplayer for some kind of antagonist outside the merciless of space.Create a survival worldsearch for some fuelset up basecampsurvivethriveupdate:Now they have oxygen and decompression and soon planets.....cant go wrong with this one guys
,Recommended,244850,9069805,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tcobli,"Really fun, needs a decent computer, REALLY FUN for physics addicts, awesome graphics, all about building space ships in space, rocket launchers, gravity, etc."
,Recommended,244850,10031925,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,The Ben Payton,AAAMMMMAAAAZIINGGNGGGGG
,Recommended,244850,10067207,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Shane,"Absolutely amazing what you can all do. Mine, build, destroy. It's like a futuristic, high-res minecraft but a bit harder."
,Recommended,244850,9993817,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,BreadToaster,its cool i guess
,Recommended,244850,8863532,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,gym-timidator1992,yes. i do reccomend. buy it.
,Recommended,244850,10154361,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,RoyalMilkShake,"I absolutely recommend people buy this game, it has a lot of potential, and while the idea is nothing revolutionary, the execution of it really blows my mind.its alright 11/10"
76561198050509472,Recommended,244850,9493567,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Brother Dorian,"8.5/10 buy it, its amasing"
76561198035890317,Recommended,244850,9494349,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,D34THM4N,I've Been searching for a space game for so long and Space Engineers just Blows my mind especially for a game in alphaif you enjoy sandbox games where you can just build whatever space ship or space station your heart desires this is the game to get 10/10
,Recommended,244850,9496272,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Cpt_Keys,best sandbox game ive played in a while. highly recommend everyone gets this xD
,Recommended,244850,9496510,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Chub 'n' Tuck,"This game is basically the demigod of all space games. For the betterment of your life, pick it up."
,Recommended,244850,9502308,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sgt. Danny,Awsuum
,Recommended,244850,13835008,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,BP67,"This game started off very slow for me. I looked up numerous tutorials and finally, I wrapped my head around the game. There is many possibilities in this game and it is a great game to play with friends."
76561198049486522,Recommended,244850,8202663,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,kastor_l,One great sci-fi (finally) sandbox.
,Recommended,244850,8836471,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,๖ۣۜJordysl{NL},nice game. its like garry's mod but then in space and much harder.
,Recommended,244850,14256692,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Moomiss,I Enginered some Space and found out im a Space Engineer :)
76561198051855896,Recommended,244850,14662562,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bubblebuddy,A really good game but pretty hard.but there is a lot of options from bulidng to attaking.
,Recommended,244850,9463369,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ludicrous (Lion),"This is a GREAT space simulation game and it has some issues, but it's in alpha! I can't wait to see the full potential of this game and that will be when it is in beta. Already you can do so much; for example, you can make a fleet consisting of assault, cruiser, medical, mining, supplie ships, etc. You can make a base with medical rooms, supplie rooms, ship recovery, living quarters and hundreds of more to choose from, all you need to do is use your imagination! Make the impossible, the unbelievable, the greatest ships or bases ever built! Just be you. I hope everybody gets a chance to play this extrordinary game and loves it very much!"
,Recommended,244850,14862106,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Teddy Danger,"Great Game, Anyone that likes building spaceships and ramming then into things will love this game!"
76561198138715579,Recommended,244850,13615623,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Malick,"this is a beautiful, and intresting game with wonderful controls and am intisive learning curve17 godzillas out of 2 minecrafts!"
,Recommended,244850,8946369,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,TheNobleIgnis,you start by building terrible things then discover what others have made and start building your own
,Recommended,244850,12518136,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,VozValden,"I will start out by saying this game is absolutely amazing, especially for being early access. Wide variety of items and things to do. A modding system is also implemented which really lets the potential for this game to be limitless. You can build ships of any size and stations as well. Nothing is more fun than starting out with a small ship, collecting ores and building bigger ships and eventually a station. If you enjoy building structures in Minecraft, you will for sure love building in this game because you can actually drive stuff around! As of now the game is Early Access and definitely is worth the money, and I cannot wait to see the final release of this game. Not to mention the mods that are to come, which their already are a few mods that make it much more awesome!In short, definitely worth it and you’ll enjoy it for countless hours building anything you can imagine! Highly recommend to play with friends or on a server."
76561198118352907,Recommended,244850,10020853,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,PranksterGangster,THIS GAME HAS AMAZING THYSICS!you have so many choice of stuff to do just wow!
,Recommended,244850,7485113,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Hairyknollz,Definetly worth it the quality and the syuff that you can do even though it is very early alpha.(insert 5 stars here)
76561198110970149,Recommended,244850,9443101,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Johny300,ITS AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,9725158,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Koulit,"Really great if you like: space, blowing things up, and building!"
,Recommended,244850,12465728,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Trash Man,Best Around
,Recommended,244850,9295181,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,HarveyG,Great fun if you like flying throw space and building awesome things.
,Recommended,244850,12832091,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,The Bad Doctor,My computer tends to lag on this game. mostly because it needs an upgrade on it. But its definitely a great game. And i am loving the vast amounts  of mods and servers available.What i don't like though is that its been in early access forever and i have seen no improvements From earlier versions  however the mods for this game far make up for the lack of improvement.
76561198060051209,Recommended,244850,8846931,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,knightlancer44,Lots of fun for creative and scientific types
,Recommended,244850,7645398,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,JD,after spending many hours mining uranus i have discovered that this game has a lot of potential
,Recommended,244850,13435536,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,IVIr Raven,Fantastic game. Hours of fun in a pure space sandbox. (Y)
,Recommended,244850,9173307,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,HET!,"I like this game but it isnt finshed yet so there is somethings I want/other people might wantGrapics settings (render distance, texture quailty, etc)Muiti-Platform Support(this wont affect me but deacaited servers are better/reliable on linux(and SOME people game on mac, yikes), also steam os is linux basedThat is all I think of but there are probably moreOver all I think this is a great game and will be better in the futureP.S dont make this a survival game with food, water, etc"
,Recommended,244850,9181330,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Johnny Camorra,Great game to play to bad it is still missing some little things
76561197965425013,Recommended,244850,9182617,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,JediDean,"If building things apeals to you, this is the mother of all sandbox games, you are only limited by your imagination."
76561198028183998,Recommended,244850,7532722,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,rcufan25,"A very ambitious project! I must say that it is very fun to play even in it's early stages and, based off of what I've read, will be even more intresting when it is fully developed. The physics engine is very good, if not perfect, and the interface shows signs of possible mining, fighting, and trading in the future. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes building, engineering, and space, especially once multiplayer sets in.EDIT:It has been several months since I made this review, and they HAVE added mining, fighting, trading, clans, programming, mod support, and so much more since I first bought it. One of the best investments I've ever made. :)"
,Recommended,244850,9311295,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,dsvsvs,"Great for people who like space,The game simulateswhat it would be like in space, what you could do and alot of other awesome stuff.You can crash, build. survive, fight, mine and heaps more!Enjoy!"
,Recommended,244850,9174013,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,dabrab,Great crashing physics and overall awesome!
,Recommended,244850,9174470,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,DINK MACHINE 5000,The only sandbox game to surpass Minecraft.
76561198119653578,Recommended,244850,9174508,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,AbsolMaster249,wourth the money i paid only problem is controlls need to be rebinded for convenece in game play
,Recommended,244850,9177486,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,moops,it's like minecraft in space only if minecraft actually looked good and was fun
76561198073832241,Recommended,244850,11395256,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,DreadLuke,"Great game, bought it expecting it to have  steep learning curve and having to watch countless hours opf youtube tutorials. This however was not and still is not the case at all. The UI makes it reasanobly easy to understand whats going on along with the tools provided. Love playing the game online with my friends, especially the 2 bases map.Latest update brought us pistons which i have yet to use and am looking forward to building some sort of mining station with them."
76561198096721357,Recommended,244850,10429339,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Sgt. AIDnCrooky (O5-1),Its just so much awsome packed together in the game!AHHHHHHHHH!
,Recommended,244850,15207503,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Veloss PUMP OP,Good i guess :P
76561198009384644,Recommended,244850,9077167,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,luckyfoot10,"Great game if you like minecraft or similer games, or if you have always wanted to build and run you own spaceship. Very well done seeing as it is in alpha and i would recommend anyone who enjoys to build or likes scifi to give it a try."
,Recommended,244850,11022865,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Remember300,"LOVE THE GAME, addictive even when an astroid comes and wipes out your ship :( lol"
,Recommended,244850,10463133,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Tabasco Fiasco,Space Engineers is a great sandbox indie title with regular updates.  If only all early access titles were this good.
,Recommended,244850,8948749,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Sam,it fun to play
,Recommended,244850,11876695,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,『　　』,"If you do like sandbox games like Minecraft, then this game is for you! I did enjoy the game, but I found the game a bit more difficult than what I was expecting. The game is great!Issues I have with this game:1. Slightly extensive and complicated. Although the game is pretty straight foward and simple, you can't easily build whatever you want. Which is what I find a bit disappointing about the game. Other than that the game is great! There is no story because this is a sandbox game. Made for creative use only."
,Recommended,244850,10811087,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ThermalM16,Merica
,Recommended,244850,12451529,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SLiNKY_,"Now you have an excuse to slap someone in the face when they say, ""It ain't rocket science."" BECASUE IT REALLY IS ROCKET SCIENCE. THIS GAME IS ROCKET SCIENCE.10/10 IGN cri evry tim."
,Recommended,244850,10429613,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,strong man,"It's like minecraft, in space"
,Recommended,244850,13463727,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,BOT Salty,"This game still has a few bugs, but overall its a massive space playground.Still learning the ropes on building small space ships.I cant access most online servers, due to timeouts.Overall, money well spent.Cant wait to see where this game goes in the future."
,Recommended,244850,11494211,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[HG] Cryptonat,Space - CheckPhysics - CheckHigh Speed Collisions - CheckDestroying your friends' ships they were working on for hours by 'accidental' ramming - CheckMining - Check
,Recommended,244850,11210916,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Stunt dude,"The game's ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. You're a Space Engineer and you engineer stuff IN SPACE. You can play in either survival or creative. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes space games or survival games. It gets updates weekly, and I mean actually updated with new features and new content, not just 1 or 2 bug fixes. This game is absolutely fun as heck m8. No doubt it'll be absolutely huge when it gets into the beta phase. For this amazing game I give it 9/10, it's ok."
,Recommended,244850,11842962,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,GoatManMason,"i do recomend this game. it is very fun but after a while, it just gets boring. what would really make this game alot of fun is if the developers added in planets that you can go to after you upgrade to a starship that can travel the speed of light and make it to that part of the galaxy. then i would extremely recomend this game but my ideas are to crazy for games.6/10"
76561197985081699,Recommended,244850,11875832,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Ben Gunn {FNF},"I picked this game up for $20 (American), and what a great deal. After just a few hours I was hooked.- The conceptual design, and graphics of SE are more than I expected.- Building stations and ships is a challenge, so much planning,so much work. The architects and artists will be lost in space for a very long time.- Mining, Construction, Space flight, Station management, Warfare...... Quite a lot of potential here.Note: I did take some time to experiment, and watch a few tutorials. It's worth the time."
76561198099682622,Recommended,244850,8765598,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Cigarette Goblin,"not much to do so far since its still being made, but pretty amazing physics and atmosphere, not to mention the badass ship design!"
,Recommended,244850,11577447,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Collino85,super fun come build stuff with me
,Recommended,244850,9792545,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Twitchums,"Combine the creativity aspect of Minecraft with the shenanigans of Gmod, put it in space, and you have Space Engineers. This game is in Early Access as I'm writing it, but it's already beautiful and fully playable and fun. Definitely worth checking out. 8/10"
76561198298377083,Recommended,244850,22553243,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,joetheotinsley,"Definately get thi9s game,have you ever wanted to fly around space in a massive ship ?"
76561198034668273,Recommended,244850,13463262,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,VeShift,In depth creation tool and constantly updating features make for a great sandbox experience.
,Recommended,244850,29994859,Posted: 17 February,all,Nolimit,"Big potential, however, small bugs that kill you or mane your CPU melt.. sorta ruins it I'd say"
76561198060324030,Recommended,244850,11365690,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,mikejwil,"Space Engineers is amazing. At first glance it looks like a ""Minecraft in space"" but is almost nothing like Minecraft. Even though it is still in developement, it is a fascinating and intriguing game that had me playing for hours on end. Space Engineers wanted to take an idea further than anyone else and did, and still are."
,Recommended,244850,9273105,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,420 IQ plays,very very good sequel to dota 2 similar gameplay to battlefield 4 the graphics ♥♥♥♥ing suck very good we can expect more from EA games
,Recommended,244850,7572860,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,mistopportunity,"If you love Minecraft, space, or building and have more video ram than you know what to do with this is the game for you! It has very effective controls that will take a little getting used to, but that's to be expected when you have no reference plane. There is survival and creative gamemodes. If you are considering buying this game I'd say go for it, or if you arn't so sure maybe pray for a free weekend to test it or watch some youtube gameplay videos. The game isn't updated as often as some early access games but it is very stable, even with dozens of ships and exploded shrapnel everywhere it hasn't crashed for me."
,Recommended,244850,28339615,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Rasperri,Space engineers is easily the best sandbox voxel game I've played. Very solid with frequent updates and challenging and immersive survival mode. Creative is fun too. One problem with Space Engineers is; it can be heavy on a PC and the game has a fairly sharp learning curve. Lots of mechanics are confusing at first but the wiki and website/youtube channel have great tutorials and guides.
,Recommended,244850,10931634,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,YORGOS,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing addiction.I cannot imagine how is the full game going to look like.
76561198127855720,Recommended,244850,12446682,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Garin Parry,good
76561198067096355,Recommended,244850,11467968,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Big Daddy Buck,Headache Simulator 2014!
76561198105954805,Recommended,244850,12507067,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,RyanDaWise,ship go bang when crash10/10
,Recommended,244850,11603046,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,MotherTrucker,"Very awesome game, i totally recomend it for anyone who likes these types of games"
,Recommended,244850,9758641,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,KilrBe3,"Minecraft and KSP had a baby, made Space Engies :) Just do yourself the favor and purchase!"
76561198046284473,Recommended,244850,7970214,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,That Van Boch™ [sпарта],Only two words to say.. BUY IT. I fall in love with it all you have to do is watch the video. Thats all hope to see you soon!
76561198110042699,Recommended,244850,10084315,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,MLGbadass$$,THE GAME IS FUN AND AWSOME I CAN BUILD ANY KIND OF SHIP ITS AWSOME
,Recommended,244850,9964045,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,.Jack,"I built a space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ship.10/10 - get this game, seriously."
,Recommended,244850,13126762,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,(TFG)Andy,This game is awesome it like Minecraft but space!!!
76561197999260407,Recommended,244850,9649231,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,laetra,"There is alot of ""Minecraft spawned"" games now and days, This one out of them all is the least buggy, most complete, most addicting. I didnt play GTA this hard...Pros: Multiplayer coop survival, On or offline single player. The ship construction and destruction is second to none. Game hasnt bugged out, crashed, stopped, nothing. Creative or survival, interchangable. Space physics and resource gathering is spot on.Cons: Universe is huge, but only a small portion of it has anything you can touch. Minor bugs, easy fix's like forgets a keybind here or there, died breaking a block i was ""kinda inside"" at the time. Movement could use a little polishing, looks like you can squeeze in that opening, but... no. Im a hardcore survival gamer, Survival here has its challenges but its simplistic. Not as fun Solo."
,Recommended,244850,9700792,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,LordPrayerRug,One of the better beta/alpha games on steam its worth buying now in my opinion I see a large possiblity of awesomeness in this game.
76561198086171956,Recommended,244850,11254435,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,[RS1] BattleBorn,"i got this game thinking its going to be like minecraft but then i played it, now i belive that this game is 300x better than minecraft its not blocky and stuff you build can be used to fly or mine. this game is worth getting for the survival aspect the pvp is good to."
,Recommended,244850,9112111,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,𝓝𝔂𝓵𝓵𝓪,FUN i can't wait till survival is added to this ^^
,Recommended,244850,10366776,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Dino Gazz,"If you like space, minecraft, Asteroids and WELDING!!!Space engineers is the game for YOU!"
76561198120193294,Recommended,244850,17675515,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Jonny,Fun but complex !a great aspect of this game is the multiplayer how it starts off as a survival then turns into a hardcore space battling sandbox <3this game requires a very good spec computer to run - hopefully they will bring out an optamization update
76561198034597603,Recommended,244850,8480789,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mr Altuccini,Its Bloody Good!
,Recommended,244850,11337948,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Anarki3x6,"Today's the 45th Anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon Landing so I figured a review of my favorite Space Legos game is in order!At the time of this review Space Engineers is still in Early Access but it's already provided a ton of hours of enjoyment and zero g tomfoolery. There's the standard creative mode which is pretty self explanatory then there's the survival mode which adds the challenge and realism we all love.The hardest part I've found players having when adjusting to the game is the initial loss of direction after getting thrown into space. Gravity Generators are your best friend when starting off, especially when mining with the hand drill and exploring your first asteroid. After that, it's all fun and building. Right now there isn't much in the way of enemy NPCs (besides the occasional cargo ships you can enable) but I'm sure that'll be impoved upon in the future.If you're a fan of MineCraft that would like some more sci-fi complexity in their life, do give SE a whirl."
76561198084210310,Recommended,244850,12837838,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AvengedCanadian,Great game !
76561198071080382,Recommended,244850,7967789,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,2Fro,"soo good, a must have"
76561198092883009,Recommended,244850,9192123,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Albus Dumbledore,fun
76561198049770017,Recommended,244850,13904102,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,HumphryBlowdart,"I noticed this game quite early on and with knowing what had happend with minecraft with modding so on and so fourth, I realized people would have turned this into a wackey insanity mad max driven hell ride of debris and carnage. What suprized me even more though was the fact that the guys at keen software house had constant updates for this game every thuresday of every week since it came out. with new features and blocks, enabiling players to be as infinately creative just as space itself. We started with building blocks and then ended up with people making robotic spiders with pistons and rotars. Absolutely increadible."
,Recommended,244850,9150597,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,¿Porque no los dos?,nooiicee matee.
,Recommended,244850,9173404,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,McStabYou,"If you liked building things in Minecraft, this will be right up your alley.  The potential for building is endless and as of now, the devs are adding new things almost every week.  Not to mention people are always uploading fantastic, inspiring designs to the workshop."
76561198002374499,Recommended,244850,9176653,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Pygmalion,"as IGN would say ""It's like minecraft, WITH GUNS!"" 10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,244850,9920147,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,yare yare daze,This game really suprised me. I thought it would have a bad UI and only feel good when doing the flying and parts of building ships and bases. I was wrong. It feels fluent when doing anything (apart from a few bugs) and you always feel involved!
,Recommended,244850,8314044,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,xXninja_manXx,Learned hot to play the game finally and setup a server this game is 100x better than No Man Sky!
,Recommended,244850,8586047,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,☣Trinova☣,love it its kinda like minecraft in space but differnt i highly recommend
,Recommended,244850,9171952,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Drexel267,"This game is very innovative, it takes advantage of space physics, enviromental destruction, and awesome spaceships that you make to create more havoc. I recommend it, however be sure you have every system requirement and also you will need a good computer as it doesn't have much graphic option yet. With that in mine I give it a... 8/10"
,Recommended,244850,19163366,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Dr. Sipp,"""Now with planets""I am crying"
,Recommended,244850,9835996,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Katrik357,"Lots of fun. Build large space ships, small fighters, massive space stations and much more. PvP optional with much more to come."
76561198071533462,Recommended,244850,10012166,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,F3AREDXFIRE,AWSOME
,Recommended,244850,10001842,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Exuss,"Minecraft in space with more ""redstone"" and much better physics. AND ITS ALPHA, meaning bugs but SO MUCH MORE TO COME!"
,Recommended,244850,9333636,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Stupid Dog,Great game love the damage effects all the crunchy metal :D
76561198043897324,Recommended,244850,9505455,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Carrots,This is a great game for building and mining also fighting i love it but the controles are a little trickey at the start
,Recommended,244850,14175863,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sparrow,cut a giant spaceship in half by ramming it with another 10/10 would crash again
76561198088025732,Recommended,244850,12650943,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Macks,Very fun. Has almost no limits. Has a few bugs here and there but still has so much potential.
,Recommended,244850,9940166,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,-=Ripps=-,"Minecraft, in space, realistic physics... pretty sweet."
,Recommended,244850,19293864,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,jlp1528 (Minty),"This game certainly has its ups and downs with bugs, issues, and crashes, but that's part of the Early Access thing. That said, overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and even bought it for my friend for half price over the recent free weekend. (He loves it too.) If you're looking for a unique game that's getting better all the time and has a great community, look no further - buy Space Engineers today. Trust me - even with the bugs, you won't be sorry. ;)"
,Recommended,244850,10038607,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Firaxa,Great game for a great price. Like minecraft? This is better.
,Recommended,244850,9508659,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,GhostScruffy,I loved this game
,Recommended,244850,11673080,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,MercuryBT,OH TEET
76561198109692280,Recommended,244850,9924690,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Mahmoud,:)
76561198052006682,Recommended,244850,9164052,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,EpicSting,an up in coming volxel space builder.
76561198065424034,Recommended,244850,9165085,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[.44] Clint Easwood,"Great game, gets updated weekly, I sure hope we can RP/Economy in the future."
,Recommended,244850,9171787,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,=BG= Fuzzy_Rogue,"Looking for a great sandbox that is limited only for whats your computer able to handle? Then this is great pick. It brings something brand new to the world of sandboxes. And i really enjoy playing it, with friends or singleplayer. Im happy to see this game growing and i wish only the best. Hope you are gonna find it as one of your favorite games too."
,Recommended,244850,9173020,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,vynnish117,a fun game to spend your free time with i really like this game
,Recommended,244850,9947145,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Timric,Awesome. Play it.
,Recommended,244850,8968938,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Premier_Romanov,Slowly taking over my life.
76561198071076703,Recommended,244850,10586029,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Trip,"Space engineers is a great game! Definetly a keeper and worth the money I paid. It allows the creativity in the mind to expand and honnestly, the possibilities are endless. Create ships as large as a city or a Space station for all of your ships, big or small to land on! Overall this is an amazing game and fun for anyone, all ages!7.8/10"
,Recommended,244850,10840479,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,D-Boogey,"I enjoy this game so much, I bought it for 4 of my friends. It's only in early access and I already have loads of fun with it. Not many games are this playable in early access. This has a bright future ahead of it."
,Recommended,244850,9748805,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Jimmy Beans,Simply a good game
,Recommended,244850,9194835,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,BOMBARDERA,Its like minecraft with space and Engineers
,Recommended,244850,9819532,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,[BRM] Mr.Doug,i would get it
,Recommended,244850,10181965,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Weedkip,"Do you like your brain functioning properly? No, neither do I.That's why I bought this! What's better than spinning round in all directions until you have no idea where you are or where you are facing? Has awesome building and spaceships as well too... Don't know why they were needed though."
,Recommended,244850,8994616,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,jestem rudy,Epick MINECRAFT In space
,Recommended,244850,10281992,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Hackemz  ナツ,Cool game :) Just need to learn how to play :P
76561198016105213,Recommended,244850,9192954,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ViroCMN,If you enjoy minecraft and Starmade then you will LOVE Space Engineers. Its in alpha still but its nice to see a game grow so quick and now they have added in colors with custom textures. Ive been waiting a looong time for a game like this.I'm really excited about a Multiplayer enVIROnment with clans fighting over resourses and prime building spots. I am sure they will release more interrior deco but what they currently have is amazing so can only get better from here.The game includes physics so ram into a station and u go through the roof... O.o So its Starmade meets Homeworld perfect!!
76561198036360341,Recommended,244850,10893584,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Venjinse,"Fun game if you like building mechanical contraptions in space with sort of a Minecraft-ish feel. Check the workshop for some ideas and start building!Multiplayer gets laggy with big ships, stations and using drills in particular so watch out if you intend to play with friends.Devs do a great job, updates every Thursday and regular communication, this is how Early Access should be done!!"
,Recommended,244850,13442082,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Aceship,"Accidently Deleted a Cargo full of ore, and suddenly it burst on space.10/10 would delete cargo full of ore on enemy base."
,Recommended,244850,10003098,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,asdPlayer2,"Really good game, eventhough it is still early access, it still is an amazing game."
,Recommended,244850,12631364,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,El Lindo,"UPDATED (November, 2015): NOW WITH PLANETS! Space Engineers is by far one of my favorite games on Steam. It is a semi-realistic game about building and settling in space, when I say half realistic, I mean that it also includes objects that do not exist in today’s day in age, some of these include; Artificial Mass, Gravity Generators, and Gyro spheres (keeps ships from spinning continuously). You can create anything in Space Engineers; and when I say anything, I mean you can build anything from typical space ships, to sprawling stationed settlements. Space Engineers includes a wide variety of items to use in-game and also has the ability to open your own server (private or online) to play with friends, so you’re sure to not get bored for quite a while. But if you do, Space Engineers works with the Steam Workshop, which means you can download virtually anything you want and use it directly in your game. One cool aspect of the Steam workshop is the ability to add different types of skyboxes. Skyboxes are basically what you see around you in space, but you can find many different varieties of them, from orbiting a strange gas giant, to being in the outer atmosphere of Earth itself. The possibilities are endless for this game, and the developers are very committed to it as well, as they continuously add many new items and fix anything that needs some tweaking. Space Engineers is an extremely successful game; Keen Software House has already signed a deal with Microsoft, stating that a Space Engineers is also in the works for the Xbox One platform. As for bugs, these are fixed very fast; therefore having to worry about bugs in this game is not a typical problem, I have never had a technical issue with this game or any issue at all. This game is well-worth $24.99 as it is very well made and receives the support and updates it deserves on a regular basis. The only con about playing Space Engineers is its lack of story/objectives, which means without friends playing with you, you may become bored faster than most. I recommend this game to all of my Steam friends and all that have purchased it have not been disappointed.My Rating for Space Engineers is (9 / 10)."
76561198070247129,Recommended,244850,9874859,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,AlmightyGamer,This is a awesome game to have:) you all should buy it! thanks
,Recommended,244850,11654961,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Lemonade Warrior,"This game is Awesome, Amazing and Boring! Yes I rated it up because, it will get better. Alright from the top, this game feels Empty, Repetitive and (Yes) Boring, but it has a good idea, the graphics are quite good, the music is 'ok' and it was unique. I’ll give it that much. It just needs more content.68\100"
,Recommended,244850,10141238,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Jubbak,WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
,Recommended,244850,11372492,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Lusty Argonian Maid,"First of all: don't let the ""early access"" frighten you. It's a developing game, yes, but it's very much playable right now as fully operational build-your-emperor-class-cruiser (or a flying factory) game (while it's stated to be alpha - it plays many times better than most ""betas"").And it's getting better all the time. (Personally I haven't played the game for couple of months since first time and when I decided to play it some more I was met by survival, actual mining and weapons, random ships, meteor showers, rotors, you name it)And most important part: this game is the best spaceship-building sandbox in existence.That simple. I've searched many times for such a game, and while some projects are promising they turn out to be dead alphas or lack gameplay at all.Overall number of possibilities in this game is plainly overwhelming all the downsides.PS when scripting will enter the arena it will take whole thing to another level."
,Recommended,244850,9650911,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,PikeyBastard,"The possibilities in Space engineers are limitless. At first i was sceptical and not sure if i would enjoy the game as it is themed in space, and i would normally turn away from a game instantly involving any kind of futuristic Sci-Fi gendre. However with Space Engineers this was not the case. After watching hours of inspiring footage made by the community, I quickly developed a taste for Space Engineers, Ideas started springing into my mind, so for a small sacrifice of £15 i decided id give it a try.I was not dissapointed. What better way to learn than throwing myself right in the deep end with a go on the survival mode? After an hour i slowly got to terms with the controls, They took some getting used to however once you begin your first project they quickly begin to flow. I am not running the best gaming rig by any stretch of the imagination however i was shocked at how well the beautiful graphics were running on my system. The gormless silence of space quickly gave the atmosphere, I was all alone. Survival mode is tence and thrilling, I was a lone space engineer in a small yellow ship and supplies were running low. I knew in order to survive i had better get mining as my reactor had only a very small amount of ore in to keep it going.My first project would be to get a small mining ship going. So i start to put together this small ship in order to collect recourses. After putting together a few blocks and getting my self to terms with some of the items that can be placed to build with. I realized just how creative this game actually was, Possibilities really are endless! Before i knew it i has been playing the game for 4 hours, time flew by.. Litrally! My mining ship was ready. I was taking it out for the first time, There was a big sence of achievment. I was proud, this small ship made from around 100 blocks was mine! I built this! And from there i went on to build all sorts, space hangers, fully functioning pistons, elevators and alot more.Yes the game is in alpha, but it doesnt feel like it. Theres so much to do! And there are only a very small amount of bugs, the game is almost flawless at such early stages.I would recommend space engineers to anyone, creative minds or not, you'll find something to do in this game and there will be so much more to come. The dev's are updating with new content, fixes, modes weekly!May the force be with you."
,Recommended,244850,11705157,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Nekololi,EPIC!!!!
76561197995018810,Recommended,244850,10933151,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,trafficone,At least it doesn't taste funny.
,Recommended,244850,7826373,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,RoseBud,"If you like creative games, This is something you would defanatly want to buy. It is high-quality and will entertain you for hours."
76561198056066220,Recommended,244850,7905109,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[8thMB] Lucifer,One of the most creative games ive ever played. It gives the player the power of a god and never limits them. You can build what ever the hell you want when ever the hell you want to in any damn way you can. Ive spent alot of time on this game building my own massive carriers and battleships. although the game is in an alpha stage I would suggest buying it even if you are new to sandbox games. The tutorial covers everything you need to know and the gameplay is looking to be fine. But if you want to save your creations i suggest that you build away from the astroids. What im getting to here is that I got the game and im happy with it (just waiting on the 64-bit bud) I even have my own bomber fleet in my Eclipse Carrier that i wish i knew how to share to the workshop.
,Recommended,244850,27493330,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Axelos,"I like minecraft, I like psychics, I like space.... Now creating a giant orbital ballistic cannon so I can destroy a few spiders from space definitely seems like a perfect reason to waste my time."
76561198040035897,Recommended,244850,15131787,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Cats Eye Doom,"Very fun! Both creative and survival are tons of fun and the struggle that comes along with survival is absolutly fantastic! Great game, lots of updates, feels like a finished product already and tons of fun!"
,Recommended,244850,12472292,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,dioxide,i luv it
,Recommended,244850,7532563,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Tesla,This is truly a brilliant game indeed. It is highly recommended to anyone who likes a Minecraft-style creative game set in outer space (With waaay better graphics).It is the best indiegame i've tryed this year.
76561197970954180,Recommended,244850,17471885,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Merciless,"Love the game, has are few limations but overall great game."
76561198047070690,Recommended,244850,13449510,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Alnex,Really nice game that gets updated alot. Worth every single penny.
76561197992878395,Recommended,244850,13825556,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SpongeBob,"A very fun sanboxgame with great capabilities! Make your make-shift base or fully functioning space facility with guns, ships, repairdocks and much much more. Only your creativity sets your limits..."
76561198032115929,Recommended,244850,11510415,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Zathor Zosymandias,"This game simply has the best and most involved development teams I've ever seen.This is coming from an avid MMO and Minecraft player.  They update every week with no stop in sight.  These are development releases and can on rare occasion have some bugs in them but they are normally fixed in the next day or two.  On top of everything, whenever I have the thought, ""Humm... there should really be ""X mechanic"" in Space Engineers"" I can realisticly expect ""X mechanic"" in a future update.  Ex. Ship Welders/Grinders, Hoppers, Rotors, Pistions, Batteries..."
76561198087342895,Recommended,244850,10910650,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Green Greeny,"Space Engineers is one of the best steam games i have ever played , I found it to be more adictive than minecraft.The endless possibility for ship creation in this game is increadable.as this game is still in early access, with all the things it has presented us with up till now , it shows great potential.with 56 hours into this game , i would and have suggest this game to a friend"
,Recommended,244850,11623866,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,zergbong,Pretty much minecraft in space without the dumb animals and zombies or whatever10/10 GOTY
76561198046157393,Recommended,244850,13413390,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,zippitydoodah,best game ever
,Recommended,244850,10192779,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,jjsharphead,"I strongly recomend this game!! its so fun ^.^ you can play by yourself and try to find a station that can defend on its own, or you can play survival with friends, playing with friends is so much fun! I love this game! its cool, and its all around a great game, i made my best friend buy it, and he loves it, i cant get enough of this game! and i always await the next update, almost every thursday they send one out, and they always add more features!"
,Recommended,244850,14697000,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Toh Donold,i r8 out of 8 m8
76561198007341077,Recommended,244850,10117296,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Maty743,EDIT: They really need to add joystick support. Left this for months thinking they would but still have'nt :(This game is doing early acces right! Updates each week keep the game fresh and enjoyable. This is going to be a very great game once it is complete.
76561198113324005,Recommended,244850,13705956,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,OWO,I love this game
76561198121368905,Recommended,244850,19863746,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ThatGuyNamedGer,I paid a friend 6 dollars to stay up with me to play. I will let you decide what that means.
,Recommended,244850,8891722,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Agisto,Actually kinda fun :)
,Recommended,244850,7477402,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Whuping,"Fanastic - A lot of potential and the freedom to create and destroy. Still in Alpha, but pretty damn good for an Alpha.Just note: Your creativity is limited by your imagination.(Minecraft made babies with Moonbase Alpha and produced this game)"
,Recommended,244850,9688181,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Courtesy Flush,This is a very beautiful game full of promise. Definately worth the 20 bucks if you like sandbox style games.
76561197980136129,Recommended,244850,10377420,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Yes,"This game has my wife in a rage. She loves me but ""I swear to god if you play one more hour of that game you are not waking up alive tomorrow"". I love this thing, So much to do, co-op works great and the survival mode is brutal and unforgiving. You have the freedom to build whatever your heart desires, then destroy it all in a multitude of ways! I really could not recomend it enough!"
76561198059787013,Recommended,244850,9982706,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Misfit One77,Great game for anyone who likes to put alot of time into buliding a neat one of a kind thing with great multi and single player survival
76561197973687809,Recommended,244850,12031219,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Silentmonk,"Cool game, much better than Minecraft and other sandbox game that I have played."
76561198076780111,Recommended,244850,10115620,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SlowSteadySqueeze,Like Minecraft with an extra helping of awesome! Gotta love the endless sandbox with space-age technology at your fingertips. You can build everything from huge spaceships to little fighters or massive space stations. You can do everything from pirating passing ships for their loot (including the ship itself) to mining all the materials you need straight from the asteroids around you. Play creatively or survive in space on nothing but the basic tools for survival in the emptiness of space. Great game! I'm always anticipating the next patch to come out adding more cool features and adding more things to create with. I can't wait to see where to game goes by the time the full release comes out. I definately recommend playing Space Engineers!
76561198180483562,Recommended,244850,15465496,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The Happy Willy,"Wether you like pvp, RP, or creative games; This is an all in one package. Realistic physics engine, realistic survival or creative mode to suit your play style. Great fun."
,Recommended,244850,11615650,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,cx,This game is very good for an early release and is a very constructive game with realistic gameplay which can take time to get used to but once you have sorted out all of that i believe that you will have a verry fun time playing this. and online will become much more stable as it is now and i do believe this game will be very good in the future
,Recommended,244850,8715833,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,vLyrinx,"amazing game, still in development so expect bugs/lag, but its very addictive"
76561198122338364,Recommended,244850,11371864,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Urara Hikari,all im going to say is awsome spaceships and cool systematic survival in space ohh and guns lots of guns. nuff said.
,Recommended,244850,10175655,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Troiken,Hours of endless building and fun. I lose track of time and space (get it?) when I'm playing this game. The game isn't full out yet but the devs release new content every single week. One of the only crafting and building games I truly enjoy.
,Recommended,244850,17352917,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Makuta Nazo,"Love the game! The game doesn't love me...I have had this game since one of the earlier builds, and sadly suffer from the disease known as &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Computer."" I bought this game only to discover my seven year old laptop just could not handle the level of awesome, SO, the only time i could play this game was on a seperate computer.Which, might i add, was the MOST fun i've ever had in a sandbox building game ever.There is unlimited freedom in ship design and creation as long as you have the reasources, and patience to do so. Really the game only restricts you by your creativity, and your need of oxygen as well as power. From there, it really is just what kind of metal is needed for the block you are placing.After spending a combined total of 54 hours, i built a Heavy destroy ship with the soul purpose of crushing anything or anyone that looked at it funny, and a smaller fleet of insectoid inspired fighters just in case the captain of the larger ship got bored, or sick. I expirenced a few bugs while building, the most common being that building at a titanic scale occasionally caused my character to freeze in place, and required the entire game to be exited before it would fix it. Now, this is an early accsess game and simple (and occasionally funny) glitches like that can be over looked.Alot of people complain there isnt much to do, and when it comes to Sandbox games that is generally true. If you dont want to play online, the aim of the game is just make a ship that can eat an astroid in under thirty minutes and dont crash into anything, so it eventually gets a bit boring in the survival aspect. The Devs are trying to fix this by adding scenarios (which i havent experienced yet) and giving goals to players who want more than just to survive. Now, of course early accsess games are not expected to be complete, but i see alot of reveiws complain alot about how they get bored easily (I usually ask them, ""have you tried crashing your ship yet?""... usually re-ignites their interest a bit.)All in all, a FANTASTIC game, even in early build. I see a huge future for this, and hopefully development doesnt stop even after the 1.0 release. It would be nothing short of cool if they released this game and continued development on it even still, just to fine tune things or add in features they hadn't quiet thought of yet.10/10 -Nazo"
76561198073093000,Recommended,244850,18895930,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,SWE xWafes/fmmine2,"Building a ship to land on planets, place rotors and some blocks. Glitched out. Did it all again Glitched out. Learned to never work with rotors. Build Pistons instead. Glitches out when I get some speed. Hit my face in the desktop. 10/10 Would Do It Again. No, but seriously the best game I've ever played. I absolutly admire Space games and this is my favorite.Pros:Has weekly updates every ThursdaySoon Coming planetsSoon Coming planetsJUST BUY IT IT'S GOING TO HAVE PLANETS!!!Oh, I forgot you can land on the planets.BUY THE GAME =D"
76561197985417608,Recommended,244850,13600778,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Leon Maxwell,Recomended.Why?:Procedural asteroids just released for x-mas and is now worth playing.
,Recommended,244850,17093357,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,watchoutcampers,"Very good game, will appeal to you if you like minecraft.  Can drag a bit when you're playing by yourself, but with friends it's quite some fun :)"
,Recommended,244850,10180395,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,[BH] LordBeera,"Awesome game, Great bit of fun. needs a bunch of kinks worked out but all in all i love it! 9/10"
76561198072849326,Recommended,244850,22423887,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,VIVΛ,forced me donate both my lungs10/10
,Recommended,244850,22455649,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,wili2003,its so realistic and so much fun to play with freinds and to add on there are thousands of amazing mods on the workshop
,Recommended,244850,18378536,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,BeastAlaskan,awesome game play every day
,Recommended,244850,12459528,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Skylarity,Kerbal Space Program plus Minecraft equals a fun game! I just spent 2 hours with a friend building the perfect ship and then crashing it. Awesome.
76561197993908154,Recommended,244850,18911990,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Rakasch,It's a really awesome game with really good developers!I can... no.. i have to recommend it!Get it! NOW!
,Recommended,244850,7598487,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,[S.T.A.R.S]™ Exterminador,Esse jogo é demais !
,Recommended,244850,9648910,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Madara,"what i am most impressed with is the dev's devotion to adding the content that they promised was on the way. you dont often see that in these early access games, so i am eager to see where else they take this game. very impressed so far"
,Recommended,244850,9748778,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,DBCooper,buy it...thank me later.
,Recommended,244850,10969249,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Comrade_O`Rckeemay,"Perfect game,it sometimes help you improve your imagination and engineering skill +epic constructions are so epic11/10"
76561198044642846,Recommended,244850,9198585,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Phoen1xUpr1s1ng,yes
76561198079782304,Recommended,244850,9220613,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,The Garfunkler,GRET MULTIPLAYER: fun and easy to host servers and great graphics cant wait till the full game comes out
,Recommended,244850,8773239,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Fabernathy,Minecraft in space! This♥♥♥♥♥♥is baller!
,Recommended,244850,14211858,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,CentreCore,"This game, is minecraft, meets FTL, meets Starbound, meets the supreme god of awesome.THIS GAME. IS WONDERFUL. It does indeed need more content, but this game, (at the time of this review) Is hardly a year old, and in that year, it has progressed beautifully. I would love to see this game once finished, on every possible platform ever. This game is brilliant, and in every single way shape and form.with the announcement of medieval engineers, I am concerned that this game may see a drop in productivity, but I'm confidant that this won't be the case.(this game is progressing, however, if you want to get a better experience for your buck, try to buy this on sale, but its worth it to pay full price, in my opinion)"
76561198033964469,Not Recommended,244850,18219649,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Toby,"There comes a time when hiding behind the label ""early access"" stops being a viable excuse for things not working properly or even decently and for space engineers that time has long since passed.The game suffers heavily from bad network code and a poor physics engine that both have built in limitations and causes seriously flawed behaviour.Unless you are happy building ""ships"" that are nothing but solid bricks in space without any moving parts, because moving parts makes your ship able to ""collide"" with it self, and are content with having a maximum speed that is determined by an upper limit set by the physics engine, that nullifies any advantage putting a big engine on your ship should have given you in a chase since after you both reach your identical max speeds you are doomed to forever glide through space for all eternity or until one of you realises how stupid this is and just logs off, you should probably look for something else.This is nothing more than minecraft in space, where you will spend a couple of hours putting together a rigid grid of blocks in space in creative single player for no other reason than your own gratification because frankly none of your friends bother to play this .... thing.... any more.No single player worth mentioning.Multi player not really working.A physics engine that is not delivering.....other than that it's all good."
,Recommended,244850,9486662,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Demonking200,"absolutly FANTASTIC game why are you not throwing money at these pepole? building space ships, buy the game and prepair for the best space building game there is."
76561198059344342,Recommended,244850,9243001,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Neverdead450,strand other players in space and see what happens
76561198075775153,Recommended,244850,8773997,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,mr_kuspacho,GOO
,Recommended,244850,7692830,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Asmodeus,"This games limits are only the limit  of your creativity and imagination. Being able to build massive battleships or small fighters is amazing, and multiplayer is going to be added soon making the game even more fun. The only downside to this game is if you do not have an Amazing computer then you will most likely will not be able to play this game on a desirble video resolution."
76561198089434728,Recommended,244850,11561385,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,MegaFlan,"pretty fun game, kinda great for letting your imagination run wild. its like minecraft in space but with heavy machinery and no stupidly complex redstone"
76561197971438700,Recommended,244850,29533754,Posted: 27 January,all,Kether11,"I love this game. I've put up a persistent server that nobody plays on, but I don't care. I play on it, and I have a blast.  I like building things.  I want to get into the scripting part.  But I don't want my LCD panels to say Hello World.Here's my issue: There's no overarching ""Why.""""Survival!"" you say?I navigate my planetary lander down to the ground, press ""j"" to take off my helmet, and I'm done.  I've survived..  I can stand there till the cows come home, and I'm  surviving; I've survived; Game Over; Power Off.Everything else--planets, moons, spiders, connectors, masses, that 15MH battery, welder upgrade what?  that's  just fluff.  All I have to do is stand there and the game is DONE.I need the ""Why.""  I need a goal.  I need a reason to go beyond just standing there, surviving with my helmet off, taking in an admittedly glorious sunrise with the half-lit crescent of a huge planet on the horizon.""So build things!""So--why?I would like to direct the devs' attention to Avorion: a recent alpha release of a space sim with *nothing near* the amazing capabilities of Space Engineers.But they have a story, and they have a ""Why.""  And even though you have to play *as a ship,* and the physics and building are primitive in comparison, the game still compels: there's a quest to undertake; a mission to fulfill, and it's addictive as hell.I am certain that the issues in SE with wheels, rotors, and pistons --especially in dedicated multiplayer--will be resolved, given time and some attention.  But--for me at least-- unless there's an overarching purpose to avail myself of everything SE has to offer, I'm going to leave ninety percent of it untouched, and I will stand there, surviving, Hello World on my LCDs, taking in a glorious sunrise on the earth-like planet, with a misty moon setting in the distance.So I want more.  I want everything I can accomplish in Space Engineers to steer me toward some glorious heroism.  I want to be able to save the freaking galaxy if I could only just--engineer something good enough to do the perfect job at the appropriate time."
76561197993510374,Recommended,244850,29547835,Posted: 28 January,all,The Machine Spirit,"i have been with this game for a long time and we’ve been through good times and some trying times, and i do consider my time with this game like a relationship and I’ve even completely over haled my pc for this game. If you haven’t guessed already I love this game and it has one of the best most dedicated communities out there.This game has gone through allot of changes and difficult times (in relation to stability) but it's better now than it's ever been and I look forward to see where it goes in the future.p.s. I recommend a pc well above the minimum requirements."
76561198029816806,Recommended,244850,29597995,Posted: 30 January,all,Nobody of Importance,"Thsi is the best money I've spent in 2017. There's something viscerally satisfying about doing all the work yourself it takes to produce something, and then watching all of your guesswork, welding and guts all pay off as the Dongus Maximus rams straight through a cargo barge.9.8/10 because it's a bit tough to get that true and properly realisitc phallic shape sometimes."
,Recommended,244850,29599946,Posted: 30 January,all,Penz,"Would be better if it stopped bugging here and there on every single updates...All in all, even though every block in the game seems simple at the start, this is the game that combination of constructs could result in a very very interesting mechanical concepts. Kudo to the dev, look forward to the day the game is stabilized."
76561198314267343,Recommended,244850,29655559,Posted: 2 February,all,Physicz,This is a game that i have loved for a long time and still love its physics and building are fantastic but players with low end computers like me dont have that same experience as others and i reccomend this game but i also reccomend thinking if its worth buying if you dont have that good of a computer
76561198036868575,Recommended,244850,19246378,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Frederic,Beginner Tutortial # 5.  When you extend the platform you have to run with it to the other side.
,Recommended,244850,10527671,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,HermanTheGermanSherman,"Great game, much fun, new very."
,Recommended,244850,7578419,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Inspector Spacetime,You can build space ships and engineer them and you can space.
,Recommended,244850,13062704,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Saladin,This game is a great addition to all those out there. While this may seem like it is just another one of those games it is not. This although still being developed is a great game to start playing and exploring the possiblites of what you imagination can come up with. New things and fixes to those that us the early access team have come across are fixed regularly. Development of this game and the content is always evolving and it just one of those games that has you wanting to keep playing more and more as you discover the things you can create.
,Recommended,244850,8754272,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ryacudo,Tis So Amazing...theres nothing else to say reallyMAKE A FLEET WITYER FRIENDS
76561198013052115,Recommended,244850,8338029,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Blurrrrr,Minecraft in space what more is there to love!!
76561198054381379,Recommended,244850,9744455,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Errors Midge,luckily this game requires no knowledge in aerodynamics so i was able to build the ugliest ship i've ever seen in my life. So yeah I like this game.
,Recommended,244850,9184767,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Private Joker,"Great Engine, Smooth, and Realistic. I highly recomend this game to all who enjoy Space S games/ Building Games/ Space Survival. Buy it and hit me up to play."
,Recommended,244850,13425273,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,TheSpitfireWay,Yes! If you like Space games and Sandbox games then this is definatly for you!
76561197998364699,Recommended,244850,11574871,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,SavageShark,One of the best sandbox games ever made.  It's like Mine Craft in Space and is a great way to see how far your imagination can go in the void of space.  Build anything from a mining vessel to a titanic war ship with al lthe avaialble tools.  You can even construct anything you want.  I've built an elevator and a monorail from scratch inside of my war ship and I'm even now researching on building a working turret and a mass driver cannon.This game is still in development but with each update comes a new set of tools.Check out the WorkShop section for the community and see what others have built.
76561197988164479,Recommended,244850,8791542,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Tornadostorm18,"I cannot believe how cool this game can be!  Playing multiplayer is rough now as it is in alpha state, but once it is done it will be legendary! ~Posted Jan 20 @ 9:19  with 19 hours played.Without it being fully developed this is by far the best game I have ever played. Bugs and lags are a huge problem, but it is so worth dealing with to play this fantastic game."
,Recommended,244850,8800821,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Adam Sandler Crab,Get now...
76561198148656011,Recommended,244850,11932089,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,THEY'RE TURNING THE FROGS GAY,"I cannot lie this game would be very frusterating if I had not had my friends help me understand the mechanics and basics of this game. After a firm grip is established then the real fun can begin. It has a minecraft feel. Simple idea can turn into very complexed ideas very quick after alot of playing around with and testing gravity. Even though mining can be a bit of a drag watching your creation blast off without exploding is a very satisfying feeling. I wouldnt play this alone unless I feel like playing around with the creation mode, space is very lonely. Best with friends. A fatastic game, and they keep adding more blocks to play with!"
,Recommended,244850,16986733,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Saphia Midnight,"It is amazing you can build ANY ship or station, even thought this is still in development, each new update brings a whole new light to the game. I would so recomend this game to anyone who loved syfi and/or sandbox/survival games."
76561198065321673,Recommended,244850,24946988,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,William Candlecunt,this game is bad
,Recommended,244850,13521619,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Code Purple,"Space Engineers is a one of a kind game, it's pretty comparable to Minecraft, but yet it's completely different.PROS:Works really well for an early access game.Straight fun for hours, especially with other peopleGreat multiplayer, no restrictions etc.It doesn't take up alot of disk space.Worth every penny.CONS:The user interface is a bit unclear, it's too crowded.Could have better in-game tutorials, but YouTube videos do the job for the momentControls are pretty hard to remember.Dedicated servers could use some work, passwords instead of groups etc.I would definitely buy this game if I did not had it already, it's an amazing game already, even in the current state."
76561198050751378,Recommended,244850,17113825,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Decaf,"Do you like things to explode into a huge mess of metal and fire?Do you enjoy building all sorts and kinds of stuff?Did/Do you want to be an astronaut when you grow up?Are you an astronaut?Do you enjoy hard work that results in something eventually getting destroyed, being either your hard work or someone elses?If your answer is yes to any of these questions I suggest you buy this game.If your answer is no to all these questions I'd still buy this game if I were you."
,Recommended,244850,11003212,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,jojobacon,"Accept no substitutes, this game is the best space building game."
76561198051760166,Recommended,244850,12470658,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Patrick,"At first I was very sketchy of this game. I looked at this game as if it was another same old same old sandbox game like minecraft. The game had a free 2 play weekend so I said what the heck and installed and played it. As soon as I went into the game I asked myself is this really in early access? This game looks so polished (of course there was framerate issues and etc) but overall I was impressed. Infact I was so impressed on how much you can do with the vanilla game and with mods that I went ahead and bought it :D. For being 40% off what a great buy!8.5/10 -  Would reccomend to anyone who enjoys sandbox games, but wants a little something extra!"
,Recommended,244850,24946501,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,wir3d,10/10 always had fun in this game. Even better with friends.
,Recommended,244850,24946539,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Swoonds,ITS LIKE MINECRAFT BUT IN SPACE !!!
,Recommended,244850,8508473,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Jezza,Play this game with the Interstellar soundtrack in the background or I will come over and hurt you..
76561198119077575,Recommended,244850,9117985,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,The Moon Mang,"This game is a fantastic space sim, In this game you can create ships and space stations limited only by your imagination. These ships can be piloted by you, as you travel and mine across space. This game as high potential and is recommended for sci-fi fanatics. However be warned, this game is still in the making so youcant expect a full game, so far building ships, shooting ships and crashing ships is all you can do and multiplayer is still buggy. Remember this is in Alpha, This game has great potential and would it be a fun journey to see what the game would end up like."
,Recommended,244850,13425404,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,trop,I cant believe i paid $15 to just blow up other peoples hard work.7/10
,Recommended,244850,13688678,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Winkle,"Literally Minecraft in space, dev's constant updates and bugfixes are a huge plus."
,Recommended,244850,9231123,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Father Ariandel,"Space Engineers is a way to express your imaginations in the form of rockets. People who have wanted to build rockets now can, in inspiring new ways, and build ships that are retro classics. Overall, Space Engineers is one of the best sand box games I have ever played."
,Recommended,244850,13035496,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Parsee Mizuhashi,I got stuck flying in space about 20 miles away from my platform10/10
,Recommended,244850,10065194,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Architect_Blasen,Highly recommended! Lots of fun!
,Recommended,244850,10834423,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Jes,"Takes a couple of hours to get used to, Great fun! best played with friends"
76561198107895659,Recommended,244850,10217375,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Donovan,"If you are someone retiring from the boring physics of Minecraft, or the desolance of Garry's Mod and you want to leave Earth; buy this game! It has amazing physics that you can use to build the most unimaginable things! You can do and build anything you want if you have the resources, or you can play in the less-competive creative mode. I built a large ship, large enough, to hold another large ship. It was quite fun, and if you have friends to play with, it is even better. Maybe you don't have friends to play with, then you should try playing the Multiplayer Mode. This is where people from all over the world create public servers for other people to play on. I have found many great communities of people to play with, so you can too! The options are endless (literally)."
,Recommended,244850,13471978,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Black Grunger of Hounslow,"There's something wrong with this game. A catastrophic bug that affects the time-space continuum of the real world and they need to address it; I installed it, fired it up, and suddenly it's 12 hours later and I didn't notice the time passing. The game itself plays like an unholy fusion of Minecraft and Garry's Mod with elements of the X series thrown in for the pure devilment of it.I fired it up in Survival mode. Just me, a platform with a few bits, and a whole lotta floating rocks. There's a creator mode where nothing kills you and you've got infinite everything and everything builds instantly, but I figured it would be best to try and play the game.The game suffers a bit from a lack of meaningful tutorial and tooltips ingame are next to nonexistent, so the bewildering array of modules you can eventually build once you figure out the basics through trial and error after fatal error are just that. In fairness it's a game that is still in development and one of the devs (I presume) did have a stab at it, but after 12 or so hours of play I know what a few of the things do and how to make them happen, but as for the rest of them? Not a scooby.I'm going to have fun finding out, though.Pro tip: You're in space. You don't need your jetpack on all the time. Point at an objective, fire up, switch off and you'll carry on in that direction without using energy. Just don't forget to turn your pack back on to correct your course and stop or you're going to end up a smear on a spacerock."
76561198110168091,Recommended,244850,10084406,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BGrim,"This is a great game, that is contantly getting better. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,244850,11017898,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Eorl,This is the greatest sandbox game ever. Get it.
,Recommended,244850,10245285,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CreamSobol,"A promising game with lovely graphics, on-time updates and neat ships designed by YOU. Sadly, last game made by team's manager was a bust, but this one is progressing fine as of this moment.Fancy damage model! Nice textures and effects! Mineable and destructable asteroids! Holy hell, you can even make scenes from Battlestar Galactica (flak storm and launch tubes included)!1Has great potential for something like WireMod or simple programming language... And this most likely will be added. Also, may very well become your Industrial-Craft-In-Space. Again, if it will be completed.Laggy multiplayer. Like EVE in 2008. But threshold is 5 battleships instead of 500. Wouldn't mind some optimisation, so we could have a proper carrier-v-carrier engagements. Also, this isn't SPACE SURVIVAL GAME! Don't buy it right now if you want to construct hydroponic farms and water recyclers, solve heating problems and plug holes to prevent air leaks. Survival Mode is just ""creative with limited resources""."
,Recommended,244850,11090578,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Nechrox,"i LOVE the game, the only problem i have with it is the fact my computer isnt really good enough to run it, i would happily gift this game to a friend and HIGHLY recommend it, it is a good sandbox game and is really fun to play on. As most other players would recognise, the game only needs 1 or 2 additions, for example; a warp core would be a grand addition for users who can run the game at its highest, also the addition of a few tools such as hanger bay doors / force-fields would be a fine addition for engineers who prefer open hangar bays for their other creations."
76561198079995808,Recommended,244850,7493593,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Bulochnic,"Покупайте её, иначе ваша пиписька будет раздавлена астероидом."
,Recommended,244850,13742227,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Quit Stalin,"My review goes through the Cons first then the Pros because I like to go through the bad stuff first than get to the stuff that Makes it amazing However I will have a quick summary Just below this if you don't want to read the entire review however you will miss out on quite a few things (Since summaries trade Information for Short and Quick Points.)QUICK SUMMARYSpace Engineers is a really fun game and it is quite Innovative it's also really great at what it does (Space exploration and Engineering of course) and has lots of potential I consider it a must buy, because the Creators are actively engaging and getting Idea's from the community, the Community in and of its self is the best I've seen for any gaming community to date however Space engineers does have some problems for example super large worlds can take up to 10 minutes to load, and Super large ship battles can literally drop your FPS rate to Unplayable levels (Doesn't matter if you have a super strong PC or not) and the game has quite a few Optimization issues however the creators are always optimizing something every update, and with every update they usually bring something new for us to play around with.CONS1. Controls- This game features the weirdest controls of any game I've played and I've played quite a few games with wacked out controls (The Metal Gear Solid franchise had some pretty wacked out controls compared to any game that was around during the games lifespan), So chances are you're going to be fustrated trying to figure out the controls thank god they put in a control changing menu in game however this still a load of controls you'll need to config, I've never seen a game with so many damn controls and all of them are quite useful thank god.2. Optimization issues- another con this game isn't really good at Optimizing full scale ship battles with AI weapons yet and that's because the game hasn't been fully Optimized for the AI weapons yet, However Player controlled cannons are fine usually atleast until tons of pieces start flying off the ships due to gunfire and what not thats when your computer will start to cry, even people with strong computers (Such as me I have a really powerful computer) will feel the impact on the CPU Processor. Large worlds can also really do a number on your computer slowing it down alot sometimes it can take up to 10 minutes to load.PROS1. Great Community- The community for this game is one of the most supportive, helpful and kindest I've seen for any game to date most will be willing to help you out with anything.2. The Developers actually listen- The Developers are always listening to the community and implementing things the community thinks are needed and fixing what bus the community finds that they haven't overall they're really active.3. Updated frequently- Frequently updated so when you do get bored and comeback to this game there's always something new to try out.All and all I could continue listing Pros but I just can't do it enough Justice if you have the money I highly recommend you try this game out."
76561198068206632,Recommended,244850,13782196,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,IllFapapa,You know how when you sit down to play a game and suddenly it's 8am the next day? This one. Thread with caution.8/10
,Recommended,244850,13780214,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,King Marlo,built a ship went for a fly got shot down by escorts XD
76561198141108661,Recommended,244850,11963110,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ApexL,I highly recommend this game. The game is mainly about space survival and physics. I really enjoy seeing metors fly past my head and ship parts fly off in to space at an unstopable speed.
76561198078719541,Recommended,244850,9484287,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,-75thTC-BrianBlessed,like starmade only a thousand times better
,Recommended,244850,13074010,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,(OF) Geus,nice game
76561198169234914,Recommended,244850,13752369,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,King Leonidas of Sparta,such a fun game
76561198035212578,Recommended,244850,10211736,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,WAVE,Its a cool game with big future! :D
76561198011670873,Recommended,244850,7656845,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,berngallagher,Sweet
,Recommended,244850,10593408,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,duality,space
76561198026669536,Recommended,244850,9639286,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Neo,The next MineCraft...  In space.
,Recommended,244850,10986636,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Renkov,"This game has a lot of promising moments. It is an absolute blast building a base/ship/fighter etc. Can be a bit taxing on a machine given how big your dreams can be. Still, it is fun, and there seems to be a continuing effort to add and improve to the game from the developers. Is it the next great space sim? No, but there's plenty here to keep you happily entertained until there is."
,Recommended,244850,9813173,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Damen9090,This game is unreal and its still Pre-Alpha Recommend to everyone!
,Recommended,244850,12458434,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ManyarVeneres,Beautiful and well-designed! The Physics system is spectaclular!
,Recommended,244850,11216526,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Remember Sega™,nothing more funny than copying red ship and pasting it while moving mouse and making it crash into the other ship having hours of fun in both game modes love it =)
76561198097194143,Recommended,244850,7622430,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,SuperSlinky: The Next Generation,The Evolved Version of Kerbal
76561198004150051,Recommended,244850,8594156,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Double_Hertz,"This is a shining example of what Early Access should be; Space Engineers is a promising, regularly updated, and just all-around fun space simulator. You build spaceships using voxels, and at the moment crash them into each other, or shoot missiles at them. The destruction physics are astounding; I can run it well on a lower-spec PC without noticeable lag.10/10"
76561198045829672,Recommended,244850,9563830,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,InsignificantCause,"Great game, very well optimized and smooth gameplay."
,Recommended,244850,12767460,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,TheOverWhelming,"Space Engineers ReviewThis game ispretty simplehardkind ofTwo major modes currently exist, creative and survivalCreative is arguably half if not the whole point of the game.  You build things, make pretty objects, hope to god stuff doesn't explode and that the code works properly.  There will be times of instability, it's an alpha right now.Creative with resourcesSurvival mode is pretty similar except you start with a ship, go to asteroids and mine ores and have the refineries convert them to ores and have assemblers build pieces to build blocks.  Everything you can do in survival you can do in creative... it just takes a lot longer and probably wont look as pretty.  Yet, there's a certain allure to working for what you make.I'd recommend it, as it says, simply because it's a good game albeit incomplete.  At least follow it and see if you like it.  If you like Minecraft or other blockgames for its creation aspect I'm sure you will like this game."
,Recommended,244850,9193624,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Umbasa,its like minecraft kerbal space program with destructible stuff10/10
,Recommended,244850,9775314,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Tetro Bro,"Great game! It's hard to get used to the controls, but once you do it's soooo much fun! you can build ship and attack people, mien  out ores and reine them to make a pow4erful base of operations, or even just create a space station to chill in with your friends! There is a lot to do! And the texturing is very nice!"
,Recommended,244850,12472756,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The Tanned Terrorist,"minecraft, but in space, and realistic"
,Recommended,244850,12497708,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Garrbjorn,"I have been playing for a few months now, and i gada say i have found my new drug. My friend got me into SE and i never stoped, even when he did... buttface... anyways the fact of how KEEN works so close with its community and moding community is great, makes me feel really respected and not just more pocket money. But i must say, i love creative to fiddle around with new ideas and designs, and have even more fun in survival but there is this... ""kay i did this this and this, now what.."" feeling. After you make your mining ships, welding ships, saw ships, your base, it feels rather... empty. Given i dont have anyone to play with and i have not played multiplayer yet. But all in all best 20 bucks anyone can spend for such an amazing game, THAT IS STILL IN ALPHA!."
76561198038250667,Recommended,244850,9196753,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,TacticalForrier,boom!!!
,Recommended,244850,12005633,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sleepy,The Emporer approves. praise the machine god.
,Recommended,244850,12751008,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Miss Newtype,"I can't recommend this game enough. It's like the mutant child of the 6DOF genre and Minecraft/Voxel Building Genre. Supremely rewarding and you can customize the heck out of the way you play. It's constantly being updated and it has workshop items that are a blast to play with! While there are a lack of planets and the only environments are asteroid fields. the game has a distinct charm that keeps me coming back. I hope to see some variation in environments in the future, and maybe some planets to land on and mine. We'll see. Regardless, I'd say it's more than worth a purchase."
76561198015112391,Recommended,244850,7926487,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Jayjay Falcon,"Edit: I haven't played in a long time but updates keep coming and this game is still shaping up very nicely. It certainly isn't cheap but if you are into a space sandbox where you can mine, build create and share creations then it is worth it. This game fits in a niche that not many other games can fill and none certainly come as close as this.Final thoughts - For me this game is worth the price tag, I can't say if it worth it for you but if you think you would like this game then its a safe bet you will get many hours of fun out of this.-- Original Review (december 2013) --Right now it is more of a cool tech demo than a game but it is fun to build ships, see other peoples creations and then to wreck everything. If you are not sure whether to get this or not I suggest you wait for it to be a bit more developed to decide but it is shaping up to be a very good game."
,Recommended,244850,11458413,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Evil Flyin kiwi,"Great Game, incredible potential. One of the best indie games I've ever played, doesn't even seem like early access.Definitely looking forward to future updates."
76561197999362738,Recommended,244850,13869063,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Coldplain,It's great!
76561198056904537,Recommended,244850,7514569,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Nostrahim,"Space Engineers has that direct potential of bringing the Builder Gamer stereotype to an even higher Plane of  Work and Build Gameplay. Even in it's Alpha it has Stunning visual graphics and sound, and an umatched Space Physics Unseen in Any Build Game ever before. For Space enthusiasts that Knows, this is one heck of a good time spendt.Thank you."
76561198008383617,Recommended,244850,11355475,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ba_tanx,hey why not
,Recommended,244850,10326652,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,The great white north,WHAMMYY!!
,Recommended,244850,7515120,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Jerkin It Jenkins,"Even so early, it's awesome!"
,Recommended,244850,11827109,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,lolotech,"Great open sandbox game, has a lot of factors and builds to offer, easy to get motion sickness from lack of directionality though so recommend building a base with roof asap..."
76561198080773064,Recommended,244850,11837138,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Ace¥,"It's a great game if you like to build unique things like a space station or a spaceship. I like the realism of damage done, and building is just so much fun! Definetly recommended, it's totally worth it"
,Recommended,244850,12091896,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ExcuseMeImVegan,I. Love. This. Game. This game offers so much to do. PLUS! THEY ARE CONSTANTLY ADDING MORE! THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE!
76561198073702629,Recommended,244850,11820762,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Microgorath,Is fun.
,Recommended,244850,14579269,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Uncle Terrific,I love this open world game. I love how do mostly everything you want. But you need a beefy computer. I recommend at least a 700gtx seris
,Recommended,244850,7673431,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,The Dovah's Talon,"After 100hrs I'd say I could do a proper review of the game. Space Engneers is a completely open world game you can build a space ship, travel to an asteroid or planet and build a base to your minds limits. Couldn't recommend it more."
,Recommended,244850,8597961,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Linkoo0,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Recommended,244850,13949769,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Utildayael,"Early Access Review - 1/11/15Space Engineers is a fun game on the outside and very complex on the inside. While many compare it to Minecraft, I think the comparison ends at ""uses blocks"" and ""is in the same genre"" as that is really about the it of it. The game uses grids to determine ""groups"" of blocks into ships [small/large] as well as space stations! You can piece together a ship and actually fly it complete with physics and block damage if you say... accidently ram the ship into an asteroid at full thrust.The game offers both creative mode and survival but, as of this writing, survival mode is still very much a work in progress. The two keys to survival currently is that your suit has a power limit such that you can't  just stand outside forever [but it's easy to charge back up] and the fact that you have to actually get the materials to build the items you want. Items are built in stages and require a variety of components that you weld together as long as they are in your inventory. Larger objects require far more weight [yes, these blocks have volume and weight!] but you can built construction ships with multiple welders [and waaaay more storage] to take the place of you and your blowtorch. Most items have construction stages so you can see them ""progress"" from a steel frame to a working block as you apply the parts. The building works very well and deconstruction works similiar, except you use a grinder and you GET items instead of place items such that ships and other things can be recycled.But wait, there's more! Cargo ships and derelects litter the universe free for the taking. Some have guns and will try to aggressively kill you, but free none-the-less!Creative mode on the other hand is what you would expect. Unlimited resources and all blocks are fully built when placed. Add to this the glorious symmetry mode which allows you to mirror X/Y/Z axis [user selectable!] and you have, imho, one of the best creative building modes around. Most blocks can be rotated in 90 degree increments so a simple ramp can be turned in any direction or even upside down. For those who like to build, the benefits of this are readily apparent! The other dynamic Keen has introduced is that of copy/paste and blueprints. Once you create your super ship of doom you can copy it to the clipboard and make it into a blueprint. This blueprint can be pasted into the world as many times as you like in Creative, turned into a Workshop item to share with other users, or even attached to a projector in a survival world to project a hologram of the design and allow the player to weld all the pieces together! This is an amazing system and works very well.Finally, this game has stellar Steam Workshop support. Aside from being able to blueprint ships and stations to share, there is also very solid modding support and the modding scene for Space Engineers is already going strong with no additions and changes to the game including change game rules [like max speed] and adding entirely new blocks and entities to the game. Keen does a great job of providing a whole slew of things thus far and this only expands it further and compliments their work.Overall, this is a wonderful game and easily worth the price. The only caveat I have is for hardcore survival players, you might get bored with the current state as it is really quite easy to stay alive and gather resources to the point of having a massive surplus of everything. This is a heavy WIP and Keen notes they have many plans for the future to enhance this area. Given their update history [often!] I would expect to see some serious changes in the coming months. Keen has been great at updating the game and listening to the playerbase so I'd advise checking the updates page and the forums for the current state of the game as it changes [usually for the bettter] often on a weekly basis."
76561198025288622,Recommended,244850,18480186,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,prometheo,"Space engineers is a great space sandbox.  The Keen Software House team has done a great job building out this game from what was originally quite modest, but inspiring in its potential, to something which now is becoming quite formidable... and still inspiring for the potential of what is right around the corner!I think you can make of this game what you want of it, but personally it inspires me to solve problems and figure out how to ""get it done"" in the face of obstacles that, arbitrary as they may be (don't like it, go play creative!) are still challenging.Recent story: I was out in just my suit, naked if you will, scrounging for resources, looking for a **** cobalt patch, and I was around 40% power left in my suit and said to myself, you can check out that next rock before heading back.  So, I power up my jets to get to 100 m/s and then go adrift to preserve power, drop out of my approach and check out the rock I came to.  Catalogued the best resources in my GPS waypoint for it and spotted my base, about 20 clicks away now.  Mind you I had already gotten several dings of ""energy low"" - signaling that I'm below 25% power, but I figured I was still good.  So, I launch back to full speed, on course to hit home with a few percent left after my decelleration burn.  Worked out perfectly, except that when I get there, my base had gone dark because my refinery burned up all the uranium in my reactor.  So before recharging I would need to grab some refined uranium from the refinery itself.  As the last seconds ticked away, I put the fuel in the reactor and heard things power back on... but my power ran out at that exact moment.  I was stuck, but because my medical station was next to the reactor, I could reach it from my paralyzed state and recharge my suit.  I don't think it gets closer than that!Anyway, basically legos in space... with the always present risk of bodily harm or (since recently) pirate raids.  Good luck!"
76561198042135648,Recommended,244850,8542960,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Vulgar Destroyer,"GET IT NOW!, RIGHT NOW....WHAT DID I JUST TELL YOU GO GET IT. BUILD YOUR DREAM SHIP/STATION NOW....i apologize for my Caps-lock but this game is amazing"
,Recommended,244850,9173479,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ArkWolf1995,trully an awesome space building game
76561197965135266,Recommended,244850,11446746,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Silver_Trail,"Great game, Great design, Great set of active developers, Can be as hard as you want it to be or good for just playing around. Me and my mates have had nothing but fun playing this.This would be most recomendedI would like to recomend some changes,In Multiplayer-Ship/Station ownership, Can this be appliciable to all Modules attached at once rather than having to click on each.-De-sync issue, The common issue seen on MP games is the inability of any other player other than the host to access NPC ships, Also seems to be a major when accessing ships of items where there could be a 10-30 sec lag, This almost makes MP a waste of time.-More astroids, It would be good in the future to see maps with more astroids, hope there is a plan to build a universe with unlimited resorces :-)In General-When fitting Glass, an arrow showing direction of viewing at the time of placement would save massive amounts of time re-building.-Spinning and fliping of blocks, The keys used to flip or spin items takes a huge amount of time to master, Maybe a change here would be a good idea (I have spent more than 3 min just trying to put down one piece of glass (Small rage)) maybe making use of ""Shift"" and mouse scroll for rotation-More astroids, It would be good in the future to see maps with more astroids, hope there is a plan to build a universe with unlimited resorces :-)Any a big thanks to the team developing this game and i would like to say that my opinion across these changes is in no way a reason not to buy and play this game, it makes up for it in many other ways.Thank you to all involved in getting it this far and i will be looking foward to all changes in the futureRegardsSilver_Trail"
76561198059093287,Recommended,244850,9947364,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,procrastinadian,"this game is greatwith the addition of wheels, the fun factor increased exponentially"
,Recommended,244850,11294784,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Robil!,"Spent 6 hrs building a ship, then rammed it into an asteroid, started over. 10/10 would do it again."
,Recommended,244850,13896641,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CYRO,"A amazing game, that gives you the power to build ships and stations of any size that your PC can handle. This is a game that has built it's way into my heart. Recommended game!Rating: 104.4 / 104.4 (You'll know what I mean with this rating once you play this game.)"
76561198125508476,Recommended,244850,10373928,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ob1000,Awesome... No other words to describe it.
76561197984487962,Recommended,244850,9630177,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Kiithnaras,"TL;DR - Space Minecraft. I am very interested in the direction this game is presently going, and time will tell if it performs as well as the community expects it to.Creative Mode is fun in itself - design and build spacecraft to plink around in the (currently) small sector you're given, create spaceship works of art, and then smash them into rocks or each other, and just flat out have Fun with Physics.The recently released Survival mode is where the game is really starting to shine, however, and more in terms of cooperative efforts. In other words, if you're playing this by yourself, be sure of what you're getting into. However, if oyu have at least two to three other friends to help your large station/ship projects, this can be a lot of fun. Highlights include being blinded by welders and deafened by grinders! Don't get me wrong, though, it is quite fun despite the perceived drudgery of ACTUALLY BUILDING a spaceship or station from scratch.The game has a long way to go before it's ready for prime time, but at present, I can -easily- say that it is well worth the price if you like Minecraft in Space."
,Recommended,244850,13432496,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Vault_Trooper,A blast. You build whatever you want and you control whatever you build. The options are there and the puzzles solving it takes to create a gainat robot or self drilling machine is amazing.
,Recommended,244850,13527562,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Turtlesaur,"The game has a steep learning curve, but once you get your bearings it's basically amazing. Looking forward to more patches and changes. Great large world space game, with imagination as your main bottle neck."
76561198013167962,Recommended,244850,12906607,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,MrStarWars,"Extremely fun and entertaining. There is an endless amount of things that you can construct with whats in the game so far. Just let your imagination run wild and build the most wackiest things possible! Or play survival, an action packed game mode filled with resource mining and refining, constructing ships to suit certain needs like welding and grinding. Ever since multiplayer the game has gotten progressively more fun! Now since multiplayer is up we can join any server and have faction wars. Were you can either remain neutral and survive on your own and defend yourself from pirates. or you can join a faction and help fight against the other factions in dogfights and captial ship battles! Although the system isn't quite ready yet for soemthing as big as a capital ship battle you shouldn't be worried about having to wait to long on optimization. Keen software House are the best company I have ever seen, they add things to their game that the community asks for and they have WEEKLY updates. That means you actually feel like you are contriubting to space engineers growth and development. This game will enter Beta in no time then soon it will be a full game and I intend to be there every step of the way. Stated before this game is in ALPHA which means it is unstable in some branches but ok in others, it still has a long way to go before it is finished. :DSeptember 2, 2015: Well I can surely say its been a long time, i have about 1k hours in this game and i gotta say its time well spent. With steam workshop support and modding support we have so many talented people adding their mods and their creations to the workshop. This game is open source so the community can work on the game alongside the developers and apply updates that benefit the game for everyone!Its been a very long road since the game was released and it still gts better everyday. I remember when i first got this game i couldnt play because it was so heavily glitched and un-optimizied. But now its better and i can play without having humongous drops in FPS. It still has issues here and there but they will be resolved in time. This game has TONS of potential but it needs OUR support in order to get it there! Come on! be part of something great! Lets make this the BEST space sim out there!"
76561198008086630,Recommended,244850,12185515,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Vyalar,Awesome game! Inovative and Imaginative. I can't stop playing sometimes!
76561198035598746,Recommended,244850,14152200,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Schwieger,Space Engineers is a game of much splendour with copious amounts of fabriccrafting.
76561198019998950,Recommended,244850,12566883,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,DrunkenMoose,Such a great game and every update they giving out something is awsome. They do listen on the communities and helping modders.
76561198075654238,Recommended,244850,13061350,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Salt King,"Once you have a ship built, you can't stop building 10/10"
76561198098440965,Recommended,244850,11146237,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Seb,I love it.Just do it!
76561198043248019,Recommended,244850,7950817,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MKD,"Played a relatively small amount of this game but damn, it has some potiential.Consistant updates and interesting ideas have made it definitely worth looking into.Buy it, so they have more money to make more updates :D"
76561198072877549,Recommended,244850,12497912,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,AceMorphios,very addictive game is very good for those who like games like minecraft and indie games has need for creativity and imagination.i recommend this game
76561198003628100,Recommended,244850,10786550,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,=VG= DILLIGAF,"Good Space Building Sandbox If thats the type of thing your into, Good fun, Easily waste hours and possibly days Playing"
76561198087782264,Recommended,244850,10877525,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AHartDude,awsome very fun
,Recommended,244850,11811663,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Chasblock,If you are a fan of minecraft or terraria or portal you have to get this game it is awesome
,Recommended,244850,12604187,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,RacingGun,"Amazing game that is completely playable even though it is only in Alpha.  So much fun.  Lost in deep space, what kind of life will you make for yourself?  Salvage your ship, mine for ore, and create a new life among the stars."
76561198056164981,Recommended,244850,11253923,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,DokuSong,I've played this game for about half an hour.I love it
76561198034967420,Recommended,244850,10728398,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,CrabFuel,Check out Coestar and Guude and Milbee and Avidya and Pause play this game on youtube.
,Recommended,244850,10876193,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,baron shkreli,Please get this and play with me.
,Recommended,244850,12428611,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Gills,Pizza is pretty ok i guess 10/10
,Recommended,244850,10395016,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Gooserider,"The ultimate space sandbox, build, fly, crash and battle it out on the final frontier. 10/10 get it lads and lasses :)"
76561198097708961,Recommended,244850,10856170,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Soulful-Zane,"I flew around in an♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped ship and ran into an asteroid, spreading my metal fecies for the galaxy to enjoy.... In actual news, this game is quite fun. I don't have quite the good computer so I get semi laggy gameplay with a slight input delay but nothing I'd bash my head over. There isn't much to say, survival is fun but it can take a really really long time to get anywhere in it, I don't know if I had a nice prior knowledge but I didn't feel too confused for too long playing survival, that isn't to say this game is easy to grasp instantly, if you wanna build something big, you gotta have the time for it. Creative is just as fun, it's survival without the wait and... surviving. Very fun."
,Recommended,244850,12355452,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Dr. Ezee,awesome game for just playing when your bored
,Recommended,244850,9214141,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,jpsulisz,"I built a ship and forgot the brakes, I never saw my space ship again."
76561198065203765,Recommended,244850,9748744,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,AntTheLad,it is good and is only in alpha so has real potenial to be a really good game it is good now which is good it is fun building space stations and space ships and than crashing them and blowing them up and having mitarly class ships and mining astroids so get it 10/10
,Recommended,244850,7614950,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,あいか,"This game got a huge potential, for now it's just a sandbox game but if you take a look at the future functions you'll see that the dev's want to make a really awesome game! If you like sci-fi, creating spaceships/stations or simply want to war against peoples this game is for you!"
76561198116499255,Recommended,244850,9279377,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,coindisk355,9/10
76561198035361810,Recommended,244850,12517802,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,meighty9,"To quote some guy on Reddit:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author""Imagine somebody gives you a bunch of random machinery and throws you into zero gravity and says 'here, do things' and that's the game.Possibly the best thing ever."""
,Recommended,244850,11007458,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Artful Todger,"By far the best sand box game I have ever owned, it has bra physics, graphics, its very intuitive and great gameplay. I would highl recomend it to anyone (especially for the price)."
,Recommended,244850,12430468,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Cosmic,I LIKE THIS GAME BECASE ITS LIKE SANDBOX muwahahaha
76561198090935653,Recommended,244850,12443394,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Champ Bool,This game is fantastic. would play again. 10/10. space engineers is a good game m8. all ur space ship r belong to us. GG. very good.
,Recommended,244850,13810203,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Seaweed,"I love this game, and think that there is a lot of work in it, after a while when you finished building your base though it starts getting boring. I thought that there could maybe be a small AI enemy fleet that would attack you?Thank you for the Game, I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you like tinkering or engineering or had fun with Minecraft, this game is a MUST!!!!!"
,Recommended,244850,11419546,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,hunto22,"This is a really good game once you get the controls sorted out,it makes you realise how lucky we are to have gravity and there is a lot of good things on the steam workshop for this game.I really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,244850,13044624,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Shae,its an EPIC GAME!!! but it is slightly confusing to get used to
,Recommended,244850,12526597,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Jotschi,Minecraft + Space + Physics - Creeper = Space Engineers
76561198042303856,Recommended,244850,10218127,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,ertex,"This game is awsome, Its actully hard to spot thats its a alpha game, you could think its a finnished pruduct."
,Recommended,244850,9807485,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Holheim,yes
76561198136952219,Recommended,244850,13817983,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[Unit7]Mollusk,"I love this game. It's very creative and it gets me thinking. I've spent lots of time creating ships with my friends and battling them. I recommend this game if you like survival/creative voxel games, or just if you are looking for a good game to play."
76561198015747080,Recommended,244850,11500916,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Maniac Medic,Minecraft in Space! That's all I have to say! I heartily recommend this game!
76561198088058174,Recommended,244850,11798963,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,(MCIA)Dark_Wither500,This game is AWSOME and so much fun so its best to get it NOW.
76561198139095697,Recommended,244850,12616006,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Walter Motrin,Great game
76561198148954693,Recommended,244850,15168226,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,QuantumMECH,"This game is just amazing. Lets you show your creativity, but i would like two improvements:First, please fix the movement mechanics. This game can really be fun if you enter like a first person shooter environment. Running is in my opinion broken, and shut be smoother. Then, if possible, i would love a small graphics update."
76561197970233273,Recommended,244850,14428335,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,nErds haVing FuN,Its pretty cool!!  Minecraft in space!
76561198031966837,Recommended,244850,15245205,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,(AUD) Auto,"I recommend this game because I've had it since it August last year, and its a well-done made game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You have the role as someone in space and builds space stations & ships.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Once you build these you can explore and find resources with diggers.----------------------------------------------------------------------------Occasionaly metorites can attack your base. At this point you can make turrets to attack back.----------------------------------------------------------------------------You have to be carful when approching astroids to mine on them. If you can't work out the perspective well your probably doomed...----------------------------------------------------------------------------Once you have a base, and little ships and alot of iron, uranium ect. you can make giant ships.----------------------------------------------------------------------------The massive ships are good for storage & you can move around on them (Unlike small ones)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I hope this review helped you decide wether or not to buy the game."
76561198081694041,Recommended,244850,13403034,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Pepe's Disciple,Like Minecraft in Space20/10 would destroy a spaceship again
,Recommended,244850,10003279,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Jonhalo,"Worth every penny, this is a game that is always getting developped and the developer are adjusting and making the game better. OH and multiplayer!"
76561197979999790,Recommended,244850,12428237,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Dr. Dastardly,"TL;DR -I love this game. I recommend you buy it quickly and play immediately.Space Engineers. Where do I begin? With hundreds of hours under my belt, I have a genuinely hard time thinking of criticisms. To preface what follows, I maintain absolute certainty that my trite critiques will be smoothed over given only time. Keen Software has given me utterly no reason to doubt their vision. I have been playing (and loving) this game since before antennas worked (or thrusters even had textures), and it just keeps getting better and better with each patch. Now then...Pros:- Developers. Constant patching, fixes, additions and more. I <3 you Keen!- Creative mode. Space Legos thatwork. Ohmigodyes.- Survival Mode. Try downloading a skybox with no light source for a truly hardcore experience. Highly rewarding.- Workshop. This game once screamed for community mods... They're now every bit as awesome as I had hoped.- Physics. It is an extremely convincing volumetric space physics simulator.- Graphics. Clean, simple, spartan art with crisp edges. Want something flashy? Hit up the Workshop.- Controls. Maybe I'm biased, but movement feels fluid, intuitive, and natural.- Music. Would buy an official soundtrack.Meh:- Some minor crashes. In 200+ hours, I have crashed maybe 3 times. No big deal.- Performance. Frame rates suffer in the presence of grander structures. Optimization could use a little work.- Multiplayer. It works, but could work better. Recent patches have made this ""Meh"" rather than ""Con"".- Purpose. A lack of clearly defined purpose permeates this game, and can be off-putting for some. Personally, I feel this title is designed for you to create your own purpose, but I still have mixed feelings. A simple mission computer with ""quests"" to undertake would be huge.- Alpha-stage weirdness. In my time with Space Engineers, many strange, inexplicable things have happened. They are not game breaking, or even really irritating, but more of a curiosity that breaks immersion.- Doesn't make me sandwiches. C'mon Keen, make it happen!Cons:- User Interface. This is the part of Space Engineers that makes it feel most like an alpha. All menus, icons, and buttons are clunky, unintuitive, and ugly. You get used to it in time, but you shouldn't have to.- Sound. The sound in this game is alpha (Essentially placeholders), and has been stated to be such. It is not representative of sound in space and I find it to be a glaring break from the immersion, especially in survival.- Atmosphere. I don't mean the atmosphere of Space Engineers itself, but literal atmospheres: There is no pressurization of ships, management of air/water/cooling, and no leaving the space suit. Hotdamn, that'd be awesome if there were.In conclusion, I would grant Space Engineers a solid9.8/10.0. Every engineer knows no design is perfect, but this one is perfect enough. This game is already worth it's weight in the gold ingots I keep in my cargo hold (All 18,000kg of it) and only destined to get better."
76561198044567266,Recommended,244850,9190729,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,FrankIyase,Much fun. Such creativity. Many destruction.
,Recommended,244850,11814554,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[KHC] k.c101,if you are a big fan you gmod space build then you would love space engineers. it is way better then space build
,Recommended,244850,9912088,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Vexx,"Like minecraft, but more complicated and in space. A+"
,Recommended,244850,9883314,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,carnivore,AWESOME
,Recommended,244850,10057522,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,AtomicAlpaca,"Though definitely still an alpha game (a lot of areas still need polish), the engine and premise holds a lot of promise. It's fun to play already!"
,Recommended,244850,11345476,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,K1ng,The concept is great and the gameplay is smooth
,Recommended,244850,9936928,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Dusty Bergan,es rly gut
,Recommended,244850,11324700,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Apple,THis games is so cool i recommend it for logic people or people who have played garrys mod or kebal space progam
,Recommended,244850,8214882,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zalmor,a good game in its alpha state that shows alot of potential
76561198109526126,Recommended,244850,8265551,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,IA1999,awesome game!! cant wait for the game to be at closed beta
76561198038454355,Recommended,244850,9949934,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,AegisKnight,"Let me just begin by saying that as of writing this, I have thrown just under 100 hours at this game, and I still come back almost daily to see what else I can engineer into existence.Where Minecraft excelled at grabbing my attention, this game has not only grabbed it but held it and continues to impress me. In some ways, it is similar to the concept that Minecraft began with its sandbox 'square' world, however Space Engineers not only took this idea and expanded on it, they blew it completely out of the water. The complete sandbox nature of this game may sometimes get tedious (as of currently there is no actual goal or objective), offering a downside to the single player aspect, the multiplayer is always enjoyable; assuming you have or know enjoyable people to play with.The other great part about this game is... well, the development team. Keen Software House are more than I ever could have hoped for in a dev team. They are constantly acknowledging the fanbase, always hotfixing issues often only hours after an issue arises, and their dedication to giving the game a huge chunk of content weekly (not tweaks and fixes - I'm talking new items by the dozen), is reason evermore to consider getting this game. Every Friday I log in and check their website purely to see what I will get to mess around with this week. Keen Software House has earned themselves a fan for life here, as I see it.Like all sandbox games, you're almost free to do whatever you will wish within the limits of reason. That's what makes this game so perfect. Its genre and style go perfectly hand in hand, and the realism that space can offer in terms of what you can conceptualize and believe are perfect. Each new item that gets added can have sometimes hundreds of possible uses. Personally, I find this game at its best when playing with other players who each bring their own ideas to the table.""But what if you use glass for this!?""""Stick the rotor on another rotor and your piston will stop smashing your base apart!""""What if you put the cockpit further to the back and made the front into an ammo hold?""What people often fail to see and miss in a sandbox game like Minecraft is, ""Once I build my house, and get all the best gear, and kill the dragon...? What then?""The beauty of this game is that because of its physics engine, and the fact that you can incorporate moving parts, there is literally ALWAYS something more to try and build. I have maps with prototype after prototype of things that I tried and failed, only to refine the idea after running tests on its weak points, on what it should do better, and how I could do it faster and cheaper.This game forces you to be an engineer. You must constantly be looking for ways to make your construction cheaper to make, easier to build and more efficient. There will always be something to do in this game, and personally, I'm always looking for value for money, replayability and interesting challenges in any game I purchase. This game hits all three marks. I'll leave you with this quote, which also happens to be in the game.Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems - Scott Adams"
76561198080553055,Recommended,244850,9955231,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Jordan,"Buy it, just do it I would play £15 just for the music but the game is sick as well you're in space and basically do whatever the f*** you feel like 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9963330,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Emitz,"The game is pretty great already, but as early access, there's a lot of stuff missing. Every update adds some great things, but there are some things I would like to touch on, particularly on the survival mode that was just added. Most of the hours ive put into the game have been into survival.Simply put, its too easy. There just arent enough threats to you. Other than asteroids storms of varying intensity, there are no threats to you. Parking behind an asteroid and mining it completely nullifies the threat the storms pose. Uranium is easy to find, and cargo ships can be easily scavenged for parts, as they are all derelicts flung into the system with powered engines. Truthfully, in survival mode you have a greater chance of killing yourself with your jetpack than dying to asteroids. Hopefully they add some NPCs to cargo ships, or add some type of pirates in survival that attack you if you stay in one place for too long. As of now, survival is basically a drawn out creative mode. Fun, but its missing the critical 'threat' element, that is usually typical for a survival modeTurning off either asteroids/asteroid storms and cargo ships increases difficulty as much as it breaks immersion, so i dont recommend that.Great game, and i still recommend that, but I bought the game once I saw survival mode was added, and wanted to let people know what I experienced."
,Recommended,244850,9966624,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Infinite Devil Machine,"Amazing game. You need to play it to know, there are a lot of videos on YouTube which can introduce you to what the game is about, please check them out. Also, the game is really cheap :P"
,Recommended,244850,9967159,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Ryan,Wonderful Game.Ok i think this game is good for its early stages its only in alpha and it has very good potential
76561197982111209,Recommended,244850,9969546,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[DOD]Knuckles,This is an amazing game.
,Recommended,244850,9970721,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Morbidly Obese Otaku Fag,"You don't abandon ship, Ships abandon you"
76561198045327907,Recommended,244850,9991145,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,King Gilgamesh,An Absolutly gorgeous game which i have come to love. Space engineers has so much content . I love how i can look at the ships i've built in minecraft and make them come to life in space engineers. This has to be up there on my favourite games of all time list. I look forward to future updates
,Recommended,244850,9997823,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Sev,Better than Garry's Mod!!! By A lot!
76561198095434334,Recommended,244850,10009643,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,KookieMonsta,Beast!!!!
76561198058891201,Recommended,244850,10019983,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Shadawn,Amazing game!
76561198075203047,Recommended,244850,10022474,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Coolassassin14,Fun game
76561198045044357,Recommended,244850,10023269,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mobster,"Love this game its so unique and fun, a must get"
,Recommended,244850,10110293,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,DongaDunderson,coolio
76561198079832990,Recommended,244850,12321060,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,young bars,"I like this games frequent updates, other than that it is a very good game."
,Recommended,244850,9649426,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Raging_Pestilence,An Excellent Game To creat any ship you want
76561198079324266,Recommended,244850,12444240,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Two Shoes,one word: Amazingthe only word to describe this game
,Recommended,244850,11753623,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,HOO-DINI,why not build spaceships?build huge bases? and epic starwars battles .THIS! is SPACE ENGINEERS!
76561198069990894,Recommended,244850,10113746,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,ridleyeater,"Early access games are the biggest scam in the gaming industry today, due to being a quick cash grab for the developer, who can at any point abandon the project. Luckily, this early access game does not fall under this category. I bought this game a few months ago, and I haven't had a week go by without a major update to this game. The developer is clearly motivated to complete this game, and hasn't slowed down development in the least. Not only does this game have an excellent style (while not being very original with the style), but the game is also surprisingly heavily community based. I remember one line from the developer being ""You guys requested solar panels, so we added solar panels"". Not only did this happen in a very timely manner, they were also functional very soon after their release. Being able to make a community idea functional the way that these devs do, is pretty much unheard of in this industry.As for the game, it is very fun, but be ready to spend HOURS on end coming up with contraptions and other things.If you like physics based voxel sandboxes, this game is definitely for you. Those without imagination will find themselves getting bored quickly."
,Recommended,244850,13384852,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Real Human Breen,Buy this game now.The only reason its on sale is because this Friday/Thursday the new exploration update will come out.Which means there will be unlimited stations and ships that you might come by as you travel.Great gameAmazing Multi with Friends10/10
76561198061951999,Recommended,244850,10546407,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ᅚ,Get it senpais and kouhais <3333333
,Recommended,244850,7568321,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Stene,Like Starmade but with graphics and physics
76561197970566611,Recommended,244850,11805204,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Vshephard,Best ship builder out there !!!
,Recommended,244850,13530344,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,The Wizard known as Fishtime22,5/5
76561197998958351,Recommended,244850,7812910,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Militiaman71,Awsome game still in the beta stages though.  You can custom build your ships and stations.  once it's finished it will be outstanding.
,Recommended,244850,14017081,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,LeonidasVII,"Imagine if Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program had a baby, that baby's name would Space Engineers... If building huge space ships to explore the universe, or massive space stations inside of meteors sounds fun to you. Get this game. I've spent an hour just putting together a small ship only to rip it apart and start over because I had a better idea. I find myself day dreaming of different ship or station designs and it's the infinite possibilities for creativity that makes this game so addictive."
,Recommended,244850,13814325,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vanilla,10/10
76561198014862626,Recommended,244850,12763782,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Duria,"Space engineers gives you the ability to do whatever you want. And I like that. Played since the start, and a big ++ for the devs keeping the updates & new content coming!"
76561198041218997,Recommended,244850,10057026,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Pavalery,This game is slow and hard to understand at first but wen you get used to it is is very fun.
,Recommended,244850,10222004,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Porky Poog,"If you like Minecraft, Explosions, Battles, Building, Crafting, or Spaceships, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,244850,14543895,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Jetcom,Really good game
,Recommended,244850,12159760,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,TheawesomeQ,"Ana amazing space sandbox game. Build stations, fighters, frigates, and more in survival or creative. You can make creative things using pistons and rotors. You can build cars. Even better is that they add amazing new features all the time. Be warned though: This game is resource intensive. If you don't have a pretty powerful computer, it might just be a waste of your money.All in all, one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,244850,10926090,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Top Left,"Space engineer, it is a clever and creative game. like a sandbox in space where you can build amazing, lager, clever and epic space ships, bases and more! i highly recommend this game to people that like to build.sorry for such a small review its my first"
,Recommended,244850,14568308,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Smash,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,244850,12964954,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BrmP,this is an awesome game with a strong community this game is made for you if you like sandbox games and spacemyself like it very much it is weekly updated with makes it even better because you have something new every Thursday
,Recommended,244850,8448738,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Irn mon,This is heaps of fun wioth explosions and makes battles about how you build a weapon or ship not how you use in battle. Sandbox is fun and great to build stuff with.
76561197979969628,Recommended,244850,9638703,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,HaukWind,"Very addictive, lets you use creativity, and exists in an enviroment different from most games. Still in alpha, and is looking good for the future. PvP available, although not yet tried that but looks really good."
,Recommended,244850,11364212,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Keo,"I removed someone's kebab with a gravity cannon and then grabbed his ship and hammer-tossed it into his base, causing a huge explosion.Game of the year all years."
76561198064625730,Recommended,244850,9749693,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ron Swanson,Its a really fun space building game where you can build ships and it has a fantastic damage engine!
76561198049227328,Recommended,244850,8593513,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Tum,amazing game best game ive played in a long time 10/10 would tell a friend
76561198049087555,Recommended,244850,10869228,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sr noobs a'lot,Great and creative game.Expand your mind
,Recommended,244850,11104196,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,PeSkiLL,det er så mega fedt et spil!!!!
76561197983868724,Recommended,244850,11411393,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,DevianTeK,Buy it sons o' ♥♥♥♥♥es!  We're hosting a server now.Dreadcraft.net- Join up!  Friends only.
76561198053834375,Recommended,244850,9880488,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Poortjemok,One of the best spaceship building games ever! if you're looking for a first-person FTL this is the game for you.Would rate a 9.4 out of 10.
,Recommended,244850,11205643,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Cybrid,"I'm not much for open concept sanboxes, and I do think this may need a bit more purpose, but so far I'm really enjoying the opportunity to putter around...and not just putter around... but putter around IIINN SPPPPAAAAAACE.."
,Recommended,244850,11094135,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Lt Cmdr Data,"This game is like Minecraft.  Except it is in space, has better graphics, and has no confusing redstone if you want to do something really cool with your space ship.  10/10 For Dogfights"
76561197980563333,Recommended,244850,9508702,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Saibaman,"This game have great potential. He needs more things to do. So far you can only build things without purpose. This game need some npc, some mission, some enemys, some surprises, more animations. I hope this become a great game and not another ""StarForge""(Game where you builds things, nothing more). If you like buildings games, build space station and ships then you will like this game, but again there is no purpose in the game wet for those buildings."
76561198070851114,Recommended,244850,9904025,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Kotoshige,"I love this game its so much fun and so much survival and u can find alot of ships like bussines or miletary ships and u can create anything u want in survival and creative or u can say when u play this game u can dream of anything then build it. FYI my friends, if u are reading this plz get this game Its AWESOME and we can play and i might start making a youtube account and play with  that random kid and more people so ya......BUY THIS GAME NOW"
,Recommended,244850,11217168,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gaming101,Good game. Really fun
,Recommended,244850,9966164,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,[FB] Chad Hendrixs,play plzzzzzzzzz i need trusty people playing in my world!
,Recommended,244850,11151477,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,R*O*C*K*E*R*M*I*K*E,"Very fun! Cuz spaceships, meteor showers and jetpacks!"
,Recommended,244850,11265331,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ghost friend,I've had this game two days. I already have 10 hours on record. Buy this game. Buy it. You won't regret it even a little.Crashed my space ship i spent 2 hours working on 10/10
76561198035836331,Recommended,244850,11265879,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SYPHER,yes. this game is so cool
76561198069808455,Recommended,244850,11265887,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Hand on my gat,is gud
76561198038097655,Recommended,244850,10183776,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,elite412g,IM A SPACE ENGINEER!!!! ITS BEEN MY LIFE LONG DREAM!!!!
,Recommended,244850,20436668,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MrClean,this game is soooooo good you need to get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,9648636,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Buddhak,"Has very high potential, Easy to loose hours into this game. Even at such an early stage it is still fun to play and create your own spaceships and space stations while testing out all kinds of projects"
76561198074977804,Recommended,244850,11689951,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Scarybigkris,brilliant game dont see why people are giving it hate
,Recommended,244850,11551397,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Quotile,"While it may not run so well on older, less powerful machines such as my own, I do recommend it for its ability to constantly reveal more possibilities for larger and more complex ships. This may be the best space combat/survival game I've ever played (or will ever play) and I can't wait until the game is officially released for the optimization patches."
76561198129548112,Recommended,244850,12438733,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TankWV,it is asome
,Recommended,244850,7812712,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Taj,"This game has the potential to be Space Minecraft with awesome graphics, looking forward to seeing more content and a multiplayer!"
76561197972885102,Recommended,244850,10606571,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Fonz,Very fun space crafting game.
76561198061895574,Recommended,244850,11645411,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,biaggiboy15,"this game is amazing! i am a c5 quadrapledgic, the only thing to make it better would be controller functions. in my case a gamepad like the xbox 360 controller would really help out with allthe movement."
,Recommended,244850,12464977,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Sir Dunkin,"Number One, Im taking a Number Two, You Have The Bridge."
,Recommended,244850,10222373,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,D4RKxMARAUDER,It just keeps getting better and better.
76561198014239908,Recommended,244850,10360895,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Capn' Redbeard,"Beautiful and complex idealogy that blends minecraft with a crysis graphics engine and then space. (Not quite, but you get the idea. It's good looking)Needs a little work, but the updates are consistent and they hotfix anything the community is open-mouthed about. Great community play. A few too many pirates and not enough defenses against them, but the server admins have found ways to make finding things to pirate not worth the time, so the danger is far less."
76561198075144703,Recommended,244850,9734378,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Spinalongas,Amazing game and the multiplayer is awesome!!!
76561198001694971,Recommended,244850,8820277,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Capt'n Glitch,"For a long time we have been waiting for a truly creative building game that allows for us to make moving objects that we can use to fight, construct, move around, and enjoy with friends. Space engineers is all of that and more. I have never been so excited to build within a video game. With the variety of types blocks available (yes, block types, not just reskinned blocks) the game truly feel fresh with each ship you make. The balance of engines/power/control is excellent, and you won’t find a better game out there for user created space battles.The development of this game has been simply outstanding, with weekly Thursday releases of updates since the game launched, they have achieved a lot in a small period of time. Don’t let early access fool you, this game is highly functional. It is the first game I have played that went from single player to multilayer and actually worked (and ran smoothly) right out of the gate. The game does have a few issues, and it crashes occasionally, but the crashes are fun killing.I highly recommend this game. Right now I’ve put maybe 70 hours into this game, and that number is only increasing. If you’re looking to itch that creative part of your brain, or are just looking for a fun game to mess around in with friends, this is worth the price tag."
,Recommended,244850,7901973,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,maxman119,I recommend this.
76561198042342193,Recommended,244850,11301018,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scared Guard Man,make sure your friends arent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s when they join
,Recommended,244850,12476085,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,bocksy,great building then destroying simulator
76561198032085909,Recommended,244850,11389289,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Striike,"Space Engineers is a great game.  The quickest explanation is it is Minecraft in space.  There are significant differences, though, so the fan boys will probably boo me for saying that.  This game is a lot of fun, and there is signficant debt of play and building.  I have spent evenings just contemplating my next build.  This is a pre-release title, and so features are being added.  This is where this game stands apart.  The Dev is releasing weekly (you heard me) updates on this game.  Every Thursday I look forward to the next update, even if I don't play it.As it stands now it is a great building game.  If they bring it to its full potential with planetary bodies, and exploration, this game will be amazing.  Buy it today if you want to have fun building space ships, and playing a future engineer.  Follow its progress if you want to see where it might go.  Either way, I do not regret my $25 purchase, well worth it."
76561198099832318,Recommended,244850,13073061,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Jb.teller4,I RECOMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE THERE IS IFINATE POSSOBILITY.IN THIS GAME YOU CAN LITTERLY DO ANY THING YOU CAN THINK OF WHITH ENOUGH PRATICE AND MODS.
,Recommended,244850,8609060,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Indybin,"Maybe it's just me, but I honestly dont love the game at its current stage. Im having lots of trouble with movement and it really ruins it for me, ships are too slow, and even nudging a small ship sends it spinning. Another problem is that you need to place thrusters on every surface of your ship to have any control. Honestly I wish that playing didnt feel like a challenge in itself.Rating: 4/10Edit: 6/8/14After playing the game more and enjoying the steady and content rich updates, I can safely say that this game has really become one that I would recommend. I love the new survival mode and the multiplayer is very seamless and well done. I hope that the game had a few more graphics settings but at this point I really do like it.Updated Rating: 7.5/10"
76561198036007031,Recommended,244850,7962923,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Mr_Grr,"Looks way better than the other competing titles, also.... you cant beat ripping a ship in half.once they add Multiplayer.... expect the awesomeness.Active development, so there are updates with new features fairly regulary"
,Recommended,244850,13405864,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,AnzoDK™,an awsome game its just have some f**ked bugs like somtimes i just crash when using a grinder and after the crash the sound of the grinder continue
76561198068517898,Recommended,244850,9620574,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Jamie1247™,great space game
,Recommended,244850,8961550,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Yellow pelican,GG
,Recommended,244850,13512189,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Moiderah,"This game is in early access, but it is also something that I would abso-♥♥♥♥ing-lutely recommend at discount...hell, even full-price. This game's physics engine is complex, it's fun to build stuff, hell, I have fun just ramming phallic spaceships into each other at high speeds, before making them even MORE complex and phallic.It's a lot of content, a lot of hours, and a lot of potential combinations. That said, survival is a bit imbalanced and hard to get into at the moment. It's incredibly hard to get started in and unless you take the easy start maps, you're pretty much boned. And even THEN you have to know exactly what you're doing in order to get anywhere.Otherwise, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,244850,11753407,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Nasal Cannula,"Absolutely superb game. The gameplay is truely superb and limitless. For anyone with an ingenious mind for innovation or any sort of engineer-at-heart, this game is perfect for you."
,Recommended,244850,11554726,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,TightFlunky24,I love it but its early acces so theres not alot yet but theres alot more to come. Cant wait to see whats next in future updates. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,244850,11394168,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Fuchs,Fun game!
,Recommended,244850,7870355,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pontiff Rezzik,This is just a wonderful game. it's Alpha and it's beautiful.
76561198044948608,Recommended,244850,13443178,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Batman,Game is amazing.. Its in Alpha.. They are good with updating it and is a much have if you like space!
76561197973123159,Recommended,244850,10423164,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Rob Nautica,Holy crap this is the most fun I've had in a long time - now I gotta get all you hosers to convince me to make a server.
23548845451212544,Recommended,244850,10537646,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,-Jaccob™,Great game. It has good physics. Just wish there is more to do
76561198041926867,Recommended,244850,10096287,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Kurumi Miyazaki,its a really good game if you like sci fi and building your own stuff even mini wars :3
,Recommended,244850,12429119,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ChickeNugger,"This game is mindblowing. It has good graphics, lots of content (already, in alpha), active developers (I asked for a piston, it was added within a week), and a bunch of potential for modding. What more can you ask for? Updates come out several times a month, whether for bugfixes or addition of new content, and this game is really going to soar far.I don't think this game will replace minecraft, because it is more complex for the young players that play minecraft. However, I find the complexity intriguing and freeing. I like the game better than minecraft overall.This game is worth the 20$. It is worth every cent. You will enjoy this game for many hours if you like space or sandbox games.10/10. Best alpha on steam atm, in my honest opinion. This game already plays like a lot of finished games."
76561198061056093,Recommended,244850,22404245,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Steelhardt ☭,At the begining It was boring because I didnt know anything but once I did the tutorials and started playing alone and with friends definitley became a much better experience
76561198072720988,Recommended,244850,14572751,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,potatis,soo fun
76561198010209403,Recommended,244850,8244115,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sheep,Do I recommend this game? Yes
76561198018171058,Recommended,244850,10379037,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,The Old Guard,"This game has serious potential to be as good as Minecraft.  Like Minecraft it requires time and patience to get anything out of it.  It has a steep learning curve and it could do with more help on how to make things.  As this is still an Alpha phase project at the moment, I hope the developers will look at the comments and address them."
,Recommended,244850,9881093,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,SuperKai64,"As much flak as this game gets for not being optimised and how somethings desperately need implementing for this game to reach a 9/10 from my current 7.6/10. This game is awesome at 120FPS in space, why is this? Good controls, Good physics and Good concepts. Normally I suffer with games with no end and self-made goals but 95 hours in I'm still strongly driven by making things better and cooler. Start on one side of the map and build something else on the other? Get a satalite for data links between the two sites. This game really has good concepts nailed, drones are one of most frustrating things to build using laser antennas. This game doesn't compare to other survival games, no food and no water just oxygen. That doesn't mean the entire game revolves around that, far from it. Everything is cheap to make meaning the player isn't limited to only making small creations for too long and this blends well with the player made goals.You don't need a beefy CPU, get yourself a good Quadcore (Mines an intel core quad 2.66) with Nvidia GTX970. Odd combo I know :l"
76561198084995930,Recommended,244850,9943875,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Jack,Really amazing game in it's current state and it exites me to find out were it's going. I really like alpha games like this because I will get bored and stop playing the game for a week but then see a update has come with amazing new feature making me come back for more.The survival mode for me personally takes far too long to get anywere and build anything and i will leave it until they tweak a few things before I start playing that again. However the creative is super fun! (make sure you utilize the mirroring feature otherwise it takes forever to build anything) I would really recomend this game for the price as it is just a tone of fun. Unlike with other alpha games you will not play 5 hours and feel as if you have made a bad investmant and have wasted your money as with space engineers being a sand box game you are only limited to your imagination. Just go buy this game now it's one of my favourite games out and is far better then some triple A games with tones of money from publishers. Just.... buy. now..... DO IT!
76561198088531324,Recommended,244850,11993448,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Cleric,"This is an amazing game with plenty of things to do and resources to collect for all your building needs. The game also comes with a creative gamemode for all players who just want to build big. With plenty of chances for modders to get at it. There's also a bounty of mods for enhanced gameplay, but don't get me wrong, there is still plenty to do without mods. Overall I highly recommend it and it's still in early acess! Who knows what's instore down the road, I just hope planets is on the to do list :D. Overall I give it an 8/10 for a unique gaming experience"
,Recommended,244850,8651754,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Warkanum,"This is a very fun game for me. It's limited compared to garrysmod spacebuild. The graphics is awesome and physics even better. What this game needs is multiplayer and a optional advanced system like wire in garrysmod for connecting components. Also, the damage is a bit out for the guns. I would also like to see different worlds and space backgrounds. MAybe planets with stations on etc."
76561198047811896,Recommended,244850,13794035,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,TheStatePolice,This game will ruin your life.that being said you will love it if you like things like civ 5 or minecraft this game should be something you will love!
,Recommended,244850,9033671,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DONkLE,Spaeships.  Guns.  Physics. Multiplayer. Buy it.
,Recommended,244850,9894881,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Joker,"Great game, so much fun."
76561197984429267,Recommended,244850,9745233,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sloregon,"Very cool.  Love the idea of space mining, refining the ore you collect, using the refined ore to create components, that in turn create ship parts/tools/etc.  Makes you really appreciate making something in Survival mode given the time it took to collect the resources and then build it.  This is only the alpha so this could be amazing in the long run.  Two thumbs up!"
76561198093946980,Recommended,244850,8967061,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,blakerocks14,"Great game. There few changes i would like to see such as drone space ships,furniture for bases, and a missile launcher for the nuke i built."
,Recommended,244850,9638650,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,thot patrol,this game is hard
76561198079231069,Recommended,244850,12029084,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Zed,"Space Engineers is a brilliant blend of the fun, nonsensical style of games like Minecraft, the clever art-meets-science aspect of your favorite sci-fi, and the challenge of survival whilst learning to adapt to your most current situation. It takes a couple of minutes to get acquainted with the controls, but once you've landed a ship correctly, you're reaady to go! This game provides hours of fun whether by yourself or with others.8/10 - pretty good, could use a couple of tweaks and additions."
,Recommended,244850,14570435,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Greenie,It's just like Rust... BUT IN SPACE!!! LOO LOO LOO LOO LOO LOO!!! WEAR SOME PANTS!!!
76561198125496845,Recommended,244850,9102060,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,uLIAMator,Best Game
,Recommended,244850,10077955,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,L A N U,Space.
76561198279645173,Recommended,244850,24942292,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,hunterdickinson9,mine works so slow the lag is real plz help me
76561198046812652,Recommended,244850,16202485,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[5D] HotshotJimmy,This is the best early access game I have ever taken part in. The updates come every Thursday and Friday without delay. The Multiplayer could use new netcode but again everything is just a placement till it is reworked. DX11 has just come in and the games looking fabulous. The modding community is also one of the best out there. Highly detailed pieces and alot of players who can help with issues. Big recommendation if you like space settings.HJ
,Recommended,244850,11124449,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,I Am Wood,sPAaAAAAaAAAAAaaaaACCCeeeeE
,Recommended,244850,9657747,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,<SG>Logan,"Amazing game, amazing developers. Updates pumped out very fast for such a small team of devs, and usualy a bug fix update the very next day. For being in pre alpha, I can already spend hundreds of hours playing, Deffinatly something I would recomend. Every update only brings more awesome features to tinker with, get the game so you can tinker with me!"
,Recommended,244850,12222365,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ken Campbell,Awesome! This game has everything. Spaceships and more spaceships! What else could a man want? Apart from maybe space stations. Oh wait! This game has them to xD! THIS GAME IS AWESOME!
,Recommended,244850,11308058,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,DogeMachine,Mine. Build. Crash into anything you see!!!! .Repeat
,Recommended,244850,10877118,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Bobby Hill,Its like being a Engineer thats in space!
,Recommended,244850,11204410,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Tomska91,minecraft only in spaaaaaaaaacccccccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,9743380,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Tesco,"It is a very fun game, Much better than Gosney airline's Flight sim"
,Recommended,244850,8788570,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Flamehawk33,This is a great sandbox game where you build space ships and space stations!!! its super cool!!!
,Recommended,244850,19297382,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Titanicmango,"Playing SE last night till late, wake up this morning, updates, awesome, perhaps something new. Open game, denied, graphics card unsupported apparently... Love the game, could you do something about this. running a ATI HD 7870EDIT: There apparently is a problem when you have onboard graphics enabled as well as dedicated, had to disable onboard via device manager and it fixed the issue. Game is still great, and the newest update has improved a lot"
76561198027875896,Recommended,244850,9004997,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[-нsн-]  Muji-k,"This game is really great.... Minecraft in space with phisics,  even though this game is still alpha it's already incredibly fun to construct ships, space stations and other things and then blow them up just for the sake of it.. =) , and with the recent multiplayer update this game is getting better by the day."
,Recommended,244850,22365986,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,SmugFrog,"Leaving my previous review here because Keen can change things each week and break the game, leaving it unplayable for an unknown amount of time.  Short version: This game is great, I have so many hours in it and it's just plain fun.  If you're looking for something that combines space, exploration, and expands on the concepts of Minecraft (without real enemies or dungeons or anything yet), this is it.***** The negative review after a bad patch *****I'm one of those that don't agree with negative reviews for a game someone has played so many hours into.  I mean, you got your money's worth; why are you not recommending it, right?  Because I enjoy Space Engineers so very much (and can not NOT play it due to Keen's development philosophy), I will leave this here in hopes they change how they do business.  I've been told by friends that ""this is how Keen does business"", and it's just an eventuality that they break the game and then, after messing up other things, will come back to fix it... someday...This game is awesome.  I really do love it.  I picked it up in February and had been playing it nightly - at least, until the patch that pretty much broke multiplayer.  It's such a mess now, and I can't understand why a developer wouldn't create an ""unstable"" branch for testing until their patches are perfected for release on the regular version.  All it would require is NOT patching the version that is considered the working one.  As with most games that offer multiplayer, such as Minecraft - once you have a taste of multiplayer with friends, it's hard to go back.  Please Keen, create a second branch for the testing of your unstable version.  As it is now it's like you don't do any playtesting, and it's a shame that this great game is such a slog on multiplayer all because you wanted to rush out an unnecessary update to movement animations.I'll gladly change this when it's fixed again - but right now, multiplayer is a pretty unplayable glitchy mess.  If you're looking to play this with friends, hold off - if you're ok with the solo experience, it may still be good (I can't bring myself to play it right now)."
,Recommended,244850,10090570,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,haymantaylor,Gmod Minecraft in space.
,Recommended,244850,22308301,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Communist Squiggles,"This game is great if you love space, creating vehicles, or surviving on barren alien planets with pirates and various species of animals attacking you. There is so much to do in this game, its insane. With the number of blocks and colors, the combinations are almost endless.This game is like a mix between Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program, with much more customization options for ships. With the new update of planets and moons, you can now create land rovers for an actual purpose. There is something for everyone in this game."
,Recommended,244850,9669104,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ferrvm,"Bought the game, crashed giant ship into another giant ship, explosions and debris everywhere.100/10"
76561198076725134,Recommended,244850,10089458,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,[AG] senpai,HELLA FUN
76561198047513411,Recommended,244850,11679067,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Treeco262,Very fun sandbox game now with mods. Best one I've seen is armored thrusters so far. This game is awesome it just gets pretty boring quickly without more players. It would be so much more fun to play with some of u guys.
,Recommended,244850,12202447,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Sirenum Scopuli,Brilliant!5/5
,Recommended,244850,10886402,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Phaser Rave,Oh my god - it's full of voxels!
,Recommended,244850,9865252,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,chuckybob,9/10space physics + design challenges = entertainingAlpha's still missing a few features at this time *cough* factions *cough* but the features it already has are seriously impressive and can't be found anywhere else.
,Recommended,244850,9973815,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Vellah,"I've had more fun with this game in alpha than I have in a lot of finished games. I've never seen a developer listen so attentively to their fanbase and produce content so quickly.  The creative possibilities are immense, yet you have to design carefully in order to have whatever it is you're building function properly or more efficiently. There's always a number of ways to achieve an outcome, and you can devise systems the developers probably never anticipated.If you enjoy sandbox, physics, or space games, you'll never want to stop playing."
,Recommended,244850,12704477,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ShpöngleKraftverk,Deathstar Construction Simulator 201412/10...would destroy my framerate again
76561198045140778,Recommended,244850,9184205,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,eclipsesun301,"The game, despite still being in alpha, is quite wonderful! it has all the makings of a game that can earn a reputation for itself. it's hard to believe it's an indie game. it's constantly coming out with updates making the game better and better! I just hope this title gets the reputation it so deserves. Go Space Engineers! to infinity and beyond! *end of cheesy line.*"
,Recommended,244850,8838203,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,TOOTHBRUSHDUCK,amazing destruction
76561197971393838,Recommended,244850,9506314,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Steel~Sparta~,Pretty damn good I think. It is still Alpha but that is ok. Definately worth the cost of admission.
,Recommended,244850,12120823,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,jamieMitch,great fun
76561198102143359,Recommended,244850,13287275,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,deadshift2010,"This game is really awesome. It has such a great community, and  such great potential. I have to say that I recommend this game, 9/10, i'd say 10/10, but the blueprint menu sometimes glitches, and i have to restart my game, but other than that, it is a very fun game to play with friends, and there are very interesting mods in the workshop"
76561198050285319,Recommended,244850,10596956,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SimTaku,Space Engineers is a great game for anyone that is a fan of voxel-based sandbox games.  There is something really addicting about spending hours creating beautiful ships... and them smashing them to bits!
76561198038215865,Recommended,244850,10111825,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Delph,The sapce simulato that is complely amazing and I have been waiting for for a long time!
,Recommended,244850,9839265,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Guesty652,This is a great sandbox survival game.I really enjoy played it but when I first started I was really confused and had to read through numerous pages of instructions before I had any clue what to do.I also had some problems with lag so i had to turn most of the settings down for it to run smoothly. Although this may be because of my PC.Not very fun to play by yourself. Best played with 1 or 2 other people.Really enjoyable seeing the ships u have created after hours of gameplay to actually work...Until they deicd to blow up or u crash them into and asteroid.Anyway great game I love it
,Recommended,244850,10776422,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jovelar,"Fantastic game. Updates each thursday. Mods etc. This game is a lot of fun. Create bases/stations, create a ship or a fleet, from pods to galaxy destroyers. Go into multiplayer and face off your ships, or show them off. Workshop full of fantastic creations."
,Recommended,244850,10477322,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Yat,"On a scale of 1 to space, this game gets a yes."
76561198072390667,Recommended,244850,10101573,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,wildfarao,Great Game!!
76561197993542266,Recommended,244850,10618904,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,1/2 BLACK,This game lets me build ship from my child-hood
76561197969733354,Recommended,244850,9184133,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Wokmaster,"First of all this is an alpha. So anything can change between now and final release and I don't recomend to buy an alpha game if you don't fully understand what you are doing.That being said I never saw an alpha so stable, I played so much hours already and my first saved games are still playable even with such a great amount of changes ! My game has maybe crashed 2 or 3 times, that's really really stable compared to other alpha games.The developers are really good and productive, the forum is a place I check often and is very pleasent, people comes everyday with new genius ship designs and the workshop is full of them.As of now, multiplayer is out but in creative mode only with limited player capacity. That means you can design ships, you can crash them and shoot each other but that's it. As with any alpha you will have to wait to experience the full potential of the game.Finally as the game is still in development, optimisation is not done yet. This means you will need at least a decent computer if you want the game to run well. However if you want to build a gigantic space station or a death star, you NEED a war machine, every component of your computer will matter !In conclusion, if you understand what an alpha is, have a decent computer and like building things in space for a variety of purposes, give it a try, it's wonderful !"
,Recommended,244850,9990128,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Stroal,"This is an alpha, so that means a lot of crashes and random problems. BUT, it's still totally worth it. I haven't had this much fun since I first played with Legos."
,Recommended,244850,9754828,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,UltraFreek,"Bought this game 2 days ago, it's now 33% off...I recommend it, great game, little bit buggy though, this is however to be expected of an EA (see what I did there :P) Game"
,Recommended,244850,7625705,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Baby Cakes Society.gg,Its cool
76561198018720208,Recommended,244850,7485760,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Volca,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..when this game gets multiplayerim not going to leave my computer chair.
,Recommended,244850,10876773,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Yandols,"Before I bought the game, I was thinking that I will regret making the decision to buy this still in alpha game. But after playing it for awhile (in survival) I find this game to be really awesome. Its basically ""Minecraft, but in space"", or Space Legos.I spent about 7 hours each day with my friends on their survival server and eventually we managed to get our ""Mothership"" in full-working condition. And the mishaps that can happen in the game just makes it even more funnier especially with friends.Playing alone gives me that eerie feeling when I head inside of asteroids to mine ores, even when I know that aliens don't exist(yet)in this game. Still, this game is really enjoyable as updates come almost every week to add new features or fix problems that I run into. When the conveyor update was implemented, I went crazy thinking it would function like Tekkit.Since this game is still in alpha, there's a lot that can be improved and has a lot of missing features that needs to be added in over time. I give a 9/10."
76561198023784549,Recommended,244850,11500055,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Desmond,Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥is cray
76561198136261054,Recommended,244850,10432146,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,lucashood47,Okay i just started useing steam and this was the first game i bought and by far the best game ive ever played! The possibilities are endless and their always keeping everything up to date and making sure online servers are active! I havent enjoyed a game this much in a long while. Caint wait to see what else they come up with in the up comming updates!
,Recommended,244850,11536298,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Samuragh,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
,Recommended,244850,11389024,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Nan in a van,9.5/10 would bang
76561198140432104,Recommended,244850,11507891,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Fâlcon1882,Good game
76561198044660815,Recommended,244850,8276297,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Comrade Chenkov,its actually a lot of fun for the beta form its in. i spent hours building just one ship O.O
,Recommended,244850,11881773,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,BasiltheBatlord,"I don't normally do game reviews, but this one I felt that I had to. WELL worth the $20 to buy. Even in the early development stages, this game feels complete. I can't wait to see more features, and have many more hours of fun."
,Recommended,244850,9512571,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Rein Frost,build a spacecraft...fly to your base...turn inertia of because of fuel...reach base...forgot you'd turn off inertia...crash into base...see all your stuff float away...i would do it again just for fun.
76561198133564111,Recommended,244850,11172197,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Serdar,i heard alot about this game watched somelets playseries and then bhought it by sight. Its absolutely worth it by my side.Game is still in development and even in this stage its clear to see it has a greate potential. just watch some videos what people are creating in this game.Aslo i can see that there are countless mini game opportunities on multiplayer.
76561198049017229,Recommended,244850,13382713,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Jmlee19,Sandbox in space.
76561198067367161,Recommended,244850,10541839,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,thejack13,"This games awesome, buy it"
,Recommended,244850,10262137,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Tarwik,You can fly upside down like a badass 100/10
,Recommended,244850,10113401,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Cellanoid,Builders... in SPAAAACE!
76561198092376830,Recommended,244850,13311293,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,HylianHeroLink,Very fun. I love playing it with my friends. :D
76561198146442861,Recommended,244850,25452294,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Thunderbird,"This game is one of my favorite, i have played for over 340 hours and i am very impressed by it, you can build what you want where you want in creative, and the survival gameplay is slow at first but you pick up speed as you learn to build a fleet of starships to adventure the universe, you can find spacestations and abandoned ships that could aid in your adventure,and you can also land on planets and build a base for your home. some of the planets have thier dangers and some are safe, the multiplayer is kind of strange at the moment but the develpment team puts out updates every week on thursday to fix the bugs and glitches.in the long run this game has been really fun for me and could be for you to. all im asking is.. are you ready for endless adventure?"
76561198056762677,Recommended,244850,13592614,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,sindar58,This is a totally awesome game .. If you like to build things and do econemy stuff .. It's fantastic .. I'm using windows 7 ultimate (64bit) .. only initialy had a few crashes .. but the game now is VERY STABLE .. Totally recommend to buy :))
,Recommended,244850,11466464,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ben,It's fun
,Recommended,244850,13783776,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pen,Great game to play with friends! But it's alright on your own but not quite so good as with mates.
,Recommended,244850,13517540,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hand Of C'thulhu,"Awesome game, heading in the right direction too :D"
,Recommended,244850,13312094,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Molochas,"Amazing game, very fun. Only thing I dont like about this is the survival setup. All the presets give you way to much to start with taking away from early game stuff but other than that I love this game!"
76561198023929042,Recommended,244850,12492138,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Haran of the Chucast ☁,minecraft in space with epic physics... and yes weapons and war... now if only they had electronic warfare so you could take enemy ships over from afar....
76561198055438732,Recommended,244850,18635303,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[TML] Corncob,"Tis such a wonderful game, a wonderful game, indeed."
,Recommended,244850,9922355,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Mattocra,"This is a great game. Seriously.With content being added all the time, it's an ever changing game with infinite potential.If you enjoy building things similar to Minecraft, get this game.But don't think this is a Minecraft clone. Space Engineers follows the laws of physics. Therefore, by nudging a block, you can watch it drift off into space forever. WHICH IS AWESOME.Also, for an early access game, it's actually pretty stable, and has lots of content, whcih again, is constantly being updated. Also, the workshop is very abundant and has plenty of creations for you to investigate.Overall, you need this game. It's a great price for an amazing game, and the game's only going to get better.10/10BUY IT."
76561198252395466,Recommended,244850,19517636,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CMDR 813,"i love the game you can fight or ally build imagnitive things in survival or creative there are tons of mods big and small for evereyone to play and have fun with. you can even play with steam friends, of real life people or those only you know online plus with planets it makes the game more interesting i cant play them but this shows you the creators are dedicated in what they do this is early accsess and yet the game seems to have enough content for a lifetime i would love food/water implements but besides what i want i love the game OST and do i recommend it? YES"
76561198066916378,Recommended,244850,12138123,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Frecles,Best game I've ever brought on steam. EVER. and for such a great price (although slightly unoptomized) has tons of awesome features! Buy it now!!!
,Recommended,244850,22953886,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Zero,"Amazing game, Great developers, Hours of fun when with friends (showing them your awesome ships) :D"
76561198074149741,Recommended,244850,8563853,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,epicmankiller109,If you like sci-fy and sand box this is the game for you
76561198077633539,Recommended,244850,12949173,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Novahkiin Galaxy,spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace
,Recommended,244850,9759310,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Argento,"Excelente juego a pesar de ser Alpha!, muchisimo futuro si sigue así!!"
,Recommended,244850,12545852,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,AJFILMS,LOVE IT
76561198079637760,Recommended,244850,11457621,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Zireael,"Me and my friend built a station with pads to lock ships to, we now fly around space stealing ships and breaking them down for parts.10/10 Nick and Dave's Chop Shop"
,Recommended,244850,12439393,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Bakk - Yernemm,"This game is amazing! There are two different gamemodes: creative and survival. The main difference between the two is that you et unlimited parts and resources in creative mode. Basically, you can build huge ships or small ships and fly them or crash them together. Simply awesome. There are so many different features and you can dock smaller ships onto bigger ships and have a mothership with smaller ships inside. The physics of this game are also awesome as it has gravity generators, inertia, a realistic jetpack and realistic collision mechanics.This game is a must-buy.EDIT: This game now has planets that you can travel to. It is constantly getting better and if you don't mind it being early-access then this game is just great."
76561198067686982,Recommended,244850,13206458,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Greasy Tortle,I can construct nearly anything I can imagine... IN SPACE!!!
,Recommended,244850,23030032,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kashmar79,"I've had this game now for a good year, and I love it! It's still in Early Access, so not everything works perfectly, but the game is very playable. I have almost 600hrs played for a reason, it's really addictive in Survival Mode. The modding community is really good too. Thumbs up all the way!"
76561198051088254,Recommended,244850,13690882,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GoldTeef BadMekk,"So i dont usualy do reveiws but for this game i couldet not reveiw it. ive spent 457 hours of my life on this game deos that say eneogh. this game is the best sandbox game ive ever played.  construction is fun, its simple with mence depth and posibility, multiplayer is great my most fond experiances are on severs were every one is showing of there ships and comparing desinges, you will never know this game is in early access it feel finished. and with an uupdate every thursday the devs are really puting there heart and soal into it. there are som minor beefs though mulyplayer can be frustrayting becuase of greefers and it is demanding on your computer but other than that great game 10/10 would buy agian."
76561198170863387,Recommended,244850,26608242,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Zesty FTW,I love this game and if you have the money I suggest you get it but warning don't buy if you have a really bad computer or your computer and the game will slightly have a war. So yeah hopefully they remove the ice and make it into water and we'll keep the ice for comets and that but it would be really cool if you could have under water bases and alien life that would be awesome cause what's the point of having an alien planet with no life 😕 and please add animals and humans and other species thanks for taking the time to read this comment 😂 love the game *whispers* get the game 👍🏻
76561198127516548,Recommended,244850,15136917,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,HamBone,get on mac osx plz
,Recommended,244850,21897933,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Falcorfactor,-gets game-join's server-gets hit by flying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥going light speed-my side's go in to my nose after laphing10/10
,Recommended,244850,19075090,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,TxT,"This game is so far best sandbox game with building,spaceships, space stations, planetary outposts on planets and space !! The developers are doing what the people want. this is space game come true."
,Recommended,244850,14604974,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,lordkalem,i do not recommend this game to anyone who doesn't like spending hours building stuff that does nothing but look cool.i like that kinda thing.but its not for everyone.also don't buy it till they make at least another 10 updates to the game. its so dry right now its sad.if you really want to get it make sure to use mods. LOTS OF MODS. ALL THE MODS. ALLLL OF THEM.so yeah. have fun ^^
76561198121301626,Recommended,244850,10464352,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Zigster321,Best survival space game ive ever played i totally reccomed it
76561198008048160,Recommended,244850,10888961,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Markus,"Loaded game. Saw I had a space ship, crashed it into astroid. Like minecraft in space with much better graphics. 10/10 Would play again."
,Recommended,244850,19915677,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,country thomas,Fun game. Wouldn't Reccomend unless you have a good computer. Great Mechanics and active devolopers.
76561198301839179,Recommended,244850,30145080,Posted: 24 February,all,AperturePython,"Fantastic Game, slightly flawed with a few bugs but there is so much fun to be had!"
,Recommended,244850,17422360,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Samanosuke47,"Love it! Just, love it!"
76561198050337636,Recommended,244850,17634993,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,zbed30,"Great sandbox game centered around Space and futuristic technologies. In this game you can construct small and large ships, and even starbases in order to survive and thrive in the harsh vast expanse. You can mine asteroids for resources, create an entire fleet of ships or fight with your friends. For those who fancy a more sandbox-like experience, you can construct the starbase of your dreams in Creative mode. On top of this there's a great physics engine, damage models, and new DirectX 11 support for a heightened experience. And with Workshop support, the possibilities are limitless."
,Recommended,244850,29704843,Posted: 4 February,all,Luke Faded Away,"I shot with 5000 rocket launchers 20x at the moon and then spawned a death star made up out of 100k blocks, the physics got slow, because the floor was covered in mines and explosions. then it crashed... why cant the game handle 40000 explosions at once???"
76561198089916044,Recommended,244850,11125944,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,SideTracked,"I first saw this game on youtube, I thought it looked awesome! Combines my two favorite things..space, and engineering. Even if you don't like either of those things in real life, it's still an extremely enjoyable experience. I havn't tried the multiplayer yet, but usually everything is better in multiplayer.10/10 Worth the price even though it's in Alpha!"
,Recommended,244850,12415773,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,dani485b,"Space engineers is one of a kind. it has many things to costimze. the community is great and it has alot of potential. if you were to combine it with firmiliar games it would be ""Minecraft + Robocraft + Space"". and it update's with new features every weekthis game get's a great 9.9/10it didn't get the last 0.1 cause of the hard to setup dedicated servers"
,Recommended,244850,10212493,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Darkwing,Great game for those with a creative mind!
76561198135293662,Recommended,244850,32022704,Posted: 28 May,all,MTheMan,"I’m just gonna bring this up right now, the developers of this game are absolutely phenomenal for actually managing to fit 3 whole live sized voxel planets along with their moons into this game. Anyway, Space Engineers is a slightly high requirement game that is mostly based around building space ships. It has a stiff learning curve, but it is quite fun when you get the hang of it. So if your into this kind of stuff than this is the game for you."
76561197985318660,Recommended,244850,10042400,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,The Lemming,"DayZ in space, without the Zombies... and  you have a ton of ships to exploit... and you have to think in 3 dimensions... and I just find it great fun.I would recommend to all."
,Recommended,244850,19278840,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Næmø,"Pretty fun, needs to be optimized a bit more."
,Recommended,244850,9863210,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,MrGeekabit,This is a great exploring / building game. Great game even if its still early-access
76561198100632025,Recommended,244850,11785906,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,The game is a fun science based creator. It is like a under-developed space minecraft. I recommend this because it is a fun and unique experience.
,Recommended,244850,14590916,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ROOB,"Much like my relationship with Steam Support, it's complicated."
,Recommended,244850,13118398,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Legion,"I don't think I've ever had ""play this random game"" cravings for any game quite like I do for Space Engineers. I'll just be going about my business, when suddenly . . . ""Hey! You know what? I want to build a spaceship."" And I can!I'm seeing plenty of 10/10s here, but I'd actually give it an 11. Space Engineers does things no other game can or has, and while the voxel-ish sandbox is reminiscent of Minecraft, players will soon discover that SE occupies a realm of its own - it is beyond accurate comparison with other games.If building enormous, very crashable spaceships, stations, artificial gravity devices, and drones, and then coming back to build more any time you get an idea about another random thing you can build, then Space Engineers is definitely for you!"
76561198067782774,Recommended,244850,13713709,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,akafog,Love the graphics and physics. Also the Building is easier than most space games.
,Recommended,244850,9863770,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,JDoawp,"A very fun game, as long as you have someone to play with."
76561197979939445,Recommended,244850,7501147,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,[SSA]TkdCoops,"I have now been playing this game for more than 2 years.  I purchased 3 days after launch and loved it then, but I had no idea how amazing this would get.  There are limitless opportunities and I have evolved from wishing for multiplayer combat to leading a thriving faction of players against many enemy fleets!  Could not recommend this game more.  If you played with lego as a kid, this is for you!  If you like space sim games, this is for you!  If you like challenging survival play, this is for you!  Hands down my favorite game of all time."
76561198254753464,Recommended,244850,21598086,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Shadowgadyuka,Dev team is good.
76561198034784687,Recommended,244850,11273686,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Antuan Cross,"This game is amazing, it's super stable (runs better than Starbound which makes no sense), the physics are fantastic, it just works.  If you enjoy space and building things then this game is for you.  Full multiplayer support that is EASY (looking at you Starbound), and updates are made every week.  I am loving it and looking forward to all the new things to play witn every week."
,Recommended,244850,13775283,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Spectrumpigg,I made a giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for a ship and did not regret it.Devs listen and do care about the providing the best possible product. Possibly one of the best Early Access games out there so far.
76561197989865884,Recommended,244850,7834179,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,J.G WENTWORTH 877CASHNOW,"In space, no one can hear your autism."
,Recommended,244850,9806596,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Cheeki Breeki Crusader,"Lots of fun building space ships, space stations and small fighter ships. Its awesome to crash ships in to things and watch the desrtuction."
,Recommended,244850,7704630,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,"Swaggy, The Lionheart","Take Minecraft, put in space, add in physics, and an awesome collision engine. Sounds awesome right? Thats Space  Engineers."
,Recommended,244850,25114694,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,piotrexpiotrex,"I have intel core i5 2.26GHz and this game is lagging soo much, please repair it. Game is amazing."
,Recommended,244850,10162277,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,FrenchToast,"10/10There are too many things that I love in this game to list, so lets keep it short.-Community that pumps out a mod for all your space-exploring needs.-Generally ambitious but sucessful game with (NEW) planets.-Multiplayer-Actual air-lock system. No joke.And these are just a few, I really enjoy this game."
76561198044469763,Recommended,244850,13433511,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Deeruia,A very very very very very good game
,Recommended,244850,9938340,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Malthox,"Awesome Sandbox game in space. Updates are being released on a regular basis. Included Steam-Workshop. I'm looking forward to future updates.Edit: 24.11.2016:Well this game has really come a long way till now. I'm still checking on it every few updates, I'm still curious about new stuff they add or fix in the game. The planets-update was something that I really looked forward to. I can still recommend this game, since it didn't get abandoned like other Early Access titles that I have purchased in the past."
,Recommended,244850,14607380,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Elachi Dance Party,This game is amazing <3 It's like Star Citizen and Minecraft had a baby :D
76561198042183728,Recommended,244850,11137652,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,A Crispy Napkin,"New type of game, Minecraft in space. Hard too get used too but very fun, especially multiplayer when you build ships and have massive ship battles/ jousting matches!"
,Recommended,244850,13616606,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Emu,the game has so much u can do
76561197993333644,Recommended,244850,22733294,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Binja,"This game is really fantastic once you get into it and start figuring out how to do interesting, complex creation.  And creative destruction.  Minecraft in space, exceedingly enjoyable."
,Recommended,244850,22299771,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Yahn,Got it for free for a few days. Been crying ever since....I want it back.
76561198150376324,Recommended,244850,22387440,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,pterogum,Goodness Gracious. I want play it for ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,19271850,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Apex,The loading screens are nice and inspirational.
76561198091003867,Recommended,244850,14003599,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Enderdeathpony,"it is an awsome space sandbox that the only question you'll have about rocket science is ""did i leave my uranium filled steel space cage running again oh darn"""
,Recommended,244850,12991349,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Embrace Space,"A good game.Use to be 4 astroid, 15 blocks in a small ""room"". a real early acces game.Now it's a endless universe with planets, mods. alot of blocks, crafting, survival, single and multiplayer. It have everyhing you could ask for. So it has become a real game. The amount of content the dev team have added is amazing and the mod creators.I'm sure that unlike other early acces games this game will be completed."
76561198064664577,Recommended,244850,13246590,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]],is goo
,Recommended,244850,15187587,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,:-(,it is cool because dinos and stuff
,Recommended,244850,14553055,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Kęëbś™,its great you get to feal how its like in space and i like how there are quotes from famous people (example:sir isaac newton) i rate it 10million asteroids out of 10
,Recommended,244850,24794349,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,MichaelJG02,"READ TO THE END TO SEE WHY I RECOMMENDED THIS!This review is going to be hard to write, because of the current state this game is in. I will have to split the review into a few sections to accommodate for the different states it has such as STABLE branch and DEVELOPMENT branch.STABLE Branch:The stable branch is well, stable, sorta. I have had only 2 crashes in the stable branch, and that was from me overloading the game on my underpowered system (i5 6400, 12GB RAM, Intel HD 530.) I have had lower FPS in the stable branch, on the Lone Survivor scenario, I get around 19fps when first spawn, after letting stuff load for a minute it is at 19fps. If you like having your game stable, but don't really care about low fps, then play in the stable branch. One thing that is bad about this is that it only gets updated about twice a month. One update on Thursday and a little patch on the following Friday.DEV Branch:The dev branch is a good branch if you really want to help test things out for KSH (Keen Software House.) When I first loaded into a Lone Survivor scenario, I was greeted with 23fps, much more playable. Still choppy, but I digress. The dev branch gets updated every Thursday for the main bugs fixes and additions, and on Fridays, a small patch is sent to help out with some bugs until the next Thursday. To my surprise and to yours possibly, is I have had no crashes on the Dev Branch.My Thoughts on the Game:I love Space Engineers, I really do, but this game has been in the Alpha status for almost 3 years now. I think they should have fixed stuff like the netcode, pistons and rotors, and some other things, not add the Planets first. I get that you should do what the community wants to have in the game, because that brings more people, but in my opinion, when the community said that they wanted, Keen should have addressed this by saying ""We will add planets, after we fix everything else"" That would have been a lot smarter on their end because the netcode is still broke. But with the game in state, I cannot recommend this game to those that expect the game to just work well on their machines. This game isn't optimized very well for systems like mine, or those that have i7 5820k's and 980Ti's. I will put a Thumbs up on this to recommend this to people that can deal with the bugs, and want to see this game grow.  DO NOT however buy this if you think you are going to get the best experience ever. You will most likely get a decent experience. If you can't stand to play this game after awhile because of it's current state, set the game down, and wait a few months to see if it is better. This game will be good when everything is worked out."
76561198121996333,Recommended,244850,25166261,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FunTimeFlames,I love the sound track
76561198043392714,Recommended,244850,25008326,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Captain Rex,"Awsome game, but you will need a strong gaming pc to play this."
76561198125915678,Recommended,244850,25003220,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Nogolas,great game better then cod ghost
,Recommended,244850,12589042,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Tech3599,Fantastic game! Creative/survival sandbox in space.
,Recommended,244850,12113770,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,DirtyBilly,Great game
76561198121680161,Recommended,244850,14905580,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Misha600,"This is awesome game, it gets updates weekly adding great content. Great game if you like building big ships and have a decent pc. 500013/5"
76561198094664024,Recommended,244850,13476724,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[101stA]Sgt Watson,After Purchesing the game on Steam For £12.00 i reeeeeely Recommed All my steam Friends To Buy This game...It is AWESOME!!!!!The Devs are Awesome and for a Early Access Game the amount of things you can do is almost endless.The community is getting bigger every day makeing mods that are as Equally as awesome as the game itself.IT is For this reason that you must play with friends and that the limitations of the game are with Your imagination.. :DHave fun Fellow Space Enegineers :D
,Recommended,244850,12469122,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Xakthos,This is a really cool game. Minecraft in space. Now with meteors instead of creepers.  I'm going to be playing this one for a while.So I figured since I just topped 1600 hours in this past week I should add to the review above. This game has improved consistently over time and the development staff are still bug squshing constantly. There are still weak points. Most glaring is multiplayer for dedicated server is very hit or miss at times and second is performance. A lot of things grind down the performance. Tools are in the game to allow you to fix some of that but it really should be handled automatically and not require the player to constantly fix things like too many parts of destroyed ships flying around.That said it has a great varied modding community for a number of tastes and the game itself is just fascinating to play with. There's something about building a large scale mining ship and then testing it. Or a new way to capture hostile ships with minimal damage. Or how to build a planetary base where gravity is causing another problem.I'm happy with this game. I enjoy it and really for the cost it probably is one of the best games in cost to fun ratio I've ever purchased.
,Recommended,244850,21823236,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,General Inaptitude,"I have played this game quite a bit now. I've built ships, mined, destroyed things, walked on planets etc.But I cannot, ever, master this game, it is also poorly optimized; planets have performance that I do not tolerate, even with my 980TI and i7 4970k.Also, I used GPS coordinates just now to mark useful resources.I used these to come back and retrieve some more from an asteroid some 17 kilometres away.The asteroid is gone. Now I can't fracking complete my ship, after spending many hours planning/building it: this game has a very, very high learning curve; comparable to Kerbal Space Program.Edit: the above issue no longer seems to appear, when playing on my server, so I am playing it again. It's much more fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,244850,9011379,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Zephyr,"Has GREAT Graphics, cool soft body physics, & great potential. They just added the aw3s0m3 survival mode! Build stuff peice by peice and participate in huge battles!"
,Recommended,244850,30783422,Posted: 27 March,all,The Shadow,This game has been loads of fun. One of the better sandbox toys I've played. Building all kinds of random crap was super great.
,Recommended,244850,30783302,Posted: 27 March,all,SpicyWater,"Just such a quality, phenomenal game. This is quite literally, in my own opinion, the perfect hybrid between minecraft's prominant crafting, building, sandbox and exploration mechanics, and a physics game but in space with physics and ships that you can roam around in, and fly, and go from planet to planet in. You can construct space stations of whatever size and complexity you could dream. Additionally, there are so many different creative possibilities as to what kind of mechanisms you can build and the scope of the world you create is entirely up to you. This is an immaculate platform for realizing your imagination within a 3d environment and experiencing it through an avatar.I don't want to just ooze all positivity and perfection in regards to this game, but it has been a spectacular experience and continues to be - even in the midst of this era of games where we don't really see this level of developer passion (they've ACTUALLY been updating the game and bugfixing it frequently with a recently integrated story mode that clearly a lot of work went into) and this level of openness in terms of how you want to play it. You can go into creative sandbox mode, build ships with unlimited resources and fly them around and destroy them, or you can go into survival - balancing resources while coming up with crafty solutions to survival problems, or even go through and play the story mode. Multiplayer is EPIC and extremely satisfying.Now, to actually carry through with not just oozing positivity - the game has bugs. Not *quite* often, but if you are really testing the system (and i mean this in the sense where you aren't just playing but trying to break the system) then you will find bugs. They occur sometimes in very inconvenient spots, and I have unfortunately had my files go corrupt after crashes, but this is very preventable, and also highly unlikely, I just play alot and start new worlds often. I've had problems in the past with my PC running this (in terms of lagspikes/render quality etc.) but as of late it seems that the dev team really hopped onto not just the bugfixing, but also the optimization of the game. If you are looking for a game that runs as smooth as a glass surface then you may likely be disappointed in this, but what problems you may experience would not likely be game-breaking or mechanically altering. For having that pitfall though, the imaginative possibilities are absolutely astounding.I highly support this dev team for bringing a touch of honor back to the realm of beta/alpha testing. They let us play this game in it's early stages of development, we stuck around, and we as a community were continually rewarded for that. This game does not stop improving and this development team does not stop working hard for us - they're intentions are clearly begind this incredible game.If you're looking to play an open ended, imaginative sandbox game with endless possibilities, you ARE going to thoroughly enjoy yourself."
76561198001670768,Recommended,244850,10122009,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,BoultyBoy,One of the best games i have played this year you must give it a try.
76561198272648689,Recommended,244850,22801137,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,EnderFiend,This game is a game unlike any other that I've played. takes place in space and is like a cross between Minecraft and modded KSP!
76561198138698800,Recommended,244850,17640999,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Iamcrapatgames,This game is really fun.
,Recommended,244850,12206109,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Derpy,"This game is epic, the graphics are great, the gameplay can be kinda wonky, but do I blame it? No. If I were to make a game about building ships and stations in the middle of space, my game would have strange controls also. Space Engineers is kinda like pizza. You get a slice and immediatly want more. Personally, this is now my 3rd favorite game. I give it a 4.6/5 stars."
76561198079869470,Recommended,244850,10220249,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MULTIUSER_2,i love this game i recommend it to everyone who likes survivaling and building stuff!
76561198051408178,Recommended,244850,11148853,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,The_ThirdOne,"Wow, this game is just amazeing. Its early acces, yet it just sets a entierly new level to space sims. ""This changes everything"""
,Recommended,244850,9177517,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,IncognitoMom,"I have only played this game a short time but in the time i have played it, it was awesome"
76561198067275302,Recommended,244850,9946740,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Jewstun,♥♥♥♥ya
,Recommended,244850,11202567,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,twitch.tv/AtlantisThief,"After playing around 110h, I decided to drop here a review for people interested in this game.GameplayThe current gameplay modes consist of ""Creative"" and ""Survival"". In Creative, you are given the chance to build everything you imagine without the need of mining/refining the materials, as well as you don't have to care about your health. The possibilities are endless, you can build basic small combat frigates or huge massive battleships.In Survival mode, your avatar is losing energy and must be refilled by either using a medical station or using a cockpit. You have to gather ore and refine them to materials. The later must then be combined to components using an assembler. You still can build everything you want, you must invest more time.At this point, if you like Minecraft and are also in love into Space this will be for you!GraphicThe graphics are okay, currently not over the top, but still good compared to some other games in this voxel-based games. The lightning and shadow looks good I couldn't find any FPS drops beside those looking at very complex and big structures (hardware based).MultiplayerBoth gamemodes ""Creative"" and ""Survival"" can be played in multiplayer, creating an online server for your friends is easy and userfriendly. In the current version (01.038) the netcode is still bad and causes some major issues on dedicated server, but it still allows you to enjoy the fun of cooperation with friends.ConclusionI am fully happy with my decision to buy the game and support the developer in the Alpha Stage. The game, as right now, gives me enough to learn and enjoy all my possibilities. My major game experience is based on multiplayer survival on a non-public server. With enough creativity and fascination of space and engineering, I can recommend the game to you.If you like my review, leave a message on my profile page and give me a ""thumb up"", so others will also have the chance of reading this. If you dislike something, please feel free to leave a comment on my profile page as well."
76561197991497999,Recommended,244850,10676003,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ACAMX,"In the beginning there is a learning curve, but the developers have plenty of tutorials on youtube. If you enjoy building stuff, space, and physics, you will get addicted."
,Recommended,244850,11450183,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,-QR- -=ITB=- AriatCowboy,"Deffinatly a fun game, Worth youtubeing for sure but i highly recommend"
76561198033352257,Recommended,244850,11708497,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Wookie Whisperer,i shall minecraft no longer!!
,Recommended,244850,8873117,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Shroomcloud,"I haven't had this much fun in a building game since I got a Lego Star Wars set for my tenth birthday. Essentially Minecraft in space, Space Engineers is extraordinarily fun, from the intuitive construction to the dogfighting and exlposions. Super cool game."
,Recommended,244850,11609617,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Eliot,"I lovw this game! the workshop integration is FANTASTIC, the game itself is AMAZING, I would definantly reccomend this to anyone who likes a game that has complexity!"
,Recommended,244850,9025889,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Elitewafflez,Spent many hours building a Battleship in the shape of a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥then ramming it into other players Ships.
76561198083471755,Recommended,244850,11394432,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,B.L.U.E,its very funnybest game ever
,Recommended,244850,11699965,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Teath,"Unbelievably entertaining, great community and amazing developers. If you like space or building/engineering things, then there is no reason why you shouldn't buy this game.One thing to note is that this game is very heavy on your system. My computer runs a 3.3 GHz Quad-Core CPU and MSI R9 270x GPU, and I can only run this game at Medium settings. Even then there are some occasional lag spikes.But this is only a minor issue, and the game itself is great in many aspects. It has kept me entertained for hours."
,Recommended,244850,11605448,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Edgelord,"I love it now,in the first days it wasnt good......now it is,could you make the player move better?"
,Recommended,244850,10368792,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Churchles,Buy it! Buy it now! Fantastic game and it only gets better!
76561198040971942,Recommended,244850,11775461,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Madxam,"Definitely growing into a good game with these updates. Most early access games don't show this much promise, but the basic concepts and mechanics of the gameplay feel well grounded enough already in the game that I feel it'll be able to continue development without much hindrance."
76561198103738024,Recommended,244850,11800619,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,SBShuffle001,"Space Engineers is a great game where you get resources, build, or just play on creative ,mode. From nibble fighters to destructive battleships space engineers is a game of exploration. But you need a PC capable of handling such a large game, as the graphics are pure HD."
76561198076639987,Recommended,244850,10069931,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Familiar of Zero,das Game macht FUN
,Recommended,244850,11806434,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Tay-K,11/10 game tried to ram a spaceship but they exploded me with space flak
,Recommended,244850,11817065,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,§ReadYY,Absolutely amazing would buy it over and over again and the weekly updates are comming so there is always something new to explore :)
,Recommended,244850,11468304,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sinceriously,It's like Minecraft with guns. And space. And suspensful music. And not a lot of Minecraft.10/10 would play again.
76561198047526616,Recommended,244850,11580785,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,jts41,"I love this game, ive only just broke the surface on designing and fighting ships. its very open on how you play the game and works for alsmost all playstyles. The only thing i dont like is the lack of graphic options, normal runs at 15 FPS on my POS computer and very low settings would be apreciated in the future.Other than that its a fun game, i would encourage you to invest the 20 bucks and play it."
76561198028201776,Recommended,244850,10381382,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Eagle_One,"If u like space sim then u should get this game, new update coming almost every week and it is just awsome"
,Recommended,244850,9651457,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,cHi_,A amazing open world game with survival mode and sandbox it is just awesome
76561198057132945,Recommended,244850,11094333,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,deceased,good game
,Recommended,244850,10316335,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Lorin Fortuna,"One of the best games I`ve ever seen. Nice graphics, incredible physics, limitless potential. Seen it, bought it ,loved it. It is a must for every Minecraft/Space Sim lover."
,Recommended,244850,11607676,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,The Messiah,"Solid game for how early it is in development. Great schedule for updates too, one of the best alphas in terms of updates."
,Recommended,244850,9186212,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jigz,Amazing the building is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and the building of ships is very in depth and it is fun to battle your friends!! 10/10 Flawless!
,Recommended,244850,9982464,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Palewski,Come and join its really fun.
,Recommended,244850,10764864,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Wu Jen,Good game.
,Recommended,244850,10062771,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,kyatto #AFK,AWESOMEEEEE
,Recommended,244850,10933228,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AutomaticSnowball,Epic :)
,Recommended,244850,11336990,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Lifeless Spectre,"This is truly ground breaking i made a review a year ago, about how i had spent 60 $ + 20$ myself, i could probably double that and still never complain, this game is worth every cent. Keenhouse has gone above and beyond with planets.If you don't have this game you should buy it asap."
,Recommended,244850,10111366,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,^FaZe BaDaSs^ hellcase.com,its a lot like minecraft but better if you like building space ships then this is the game for you i have spent 21 hours since i got it look at some of the youtube videos and see if you like it to
76561198013085441,Recommended,244850,12453081,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Zanya,Amazing fun!
76561197970363557,Recommended,244850,14115419,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,onok,"Fun to play, and devs are extremely active and responsive. Bugs are fixed quickly. I can't wait for the ""spin off"": Medival Engineers!Things i love:- New features are added constantly and quickly, bugs are fixed pretty fast as well- Possibilities are pretty endless. Build ships, stations, machines, pretty much anyhing you want.- In-game programming- Best mod support i have seen, ever.- Awesome communityThings that need improving:- The music and sound is meh. Needs work imo.- There are still alot of untextured blocks. Graphics could be better. I also would like to see more decorating blocks (although alot of mods filled that gap)- I could really use painting/coloring of blocks in survival mode- More gameplay modes / things to do / a sense of purpose (coming in future updates)Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,244850,13699584,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,629,Has space.Has engineers.If you want that it's a 10/10.
76561197990092422,Recommended,244850,11708459,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,TheUninsuredMotorist,You make stuff and you destroy stuff in space. what more could you ask for.
,Recommended,244850,19296305,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Edvin,Nagy a gépigénye
,Recommended,244850,19260024,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Srastenate,I like whis game :D
76561198118865799,Recommended,244850,10387369,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Physiics,I Strongly Recomend This Game ITS AMAZING.
76561198117731766,Recommended,244850,10679561,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rechetbananas69,VERY FUN
,Recommended,244850,10080501,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lancelot,Best Physics Engine ever it works very well
,Recommended,244850,10001107,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Wolfslad,"Great game, a little confusing and takes time"
,Recommended,244850,19186904,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Michael,8/10 - Too much space.
76561198042160921,Recommended,244850,13013142,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,bilboswaginz,"This is my first review and I feel that I have played enough to know just about everything this game has to offer and how it can be improved and what is broken and ect. I will break it down into lists and throw my two cents at it.I'll start with mods...Now I personally do not like mods because as a builder I like to keep things vanilla and solve problems that would normally be fixed through mods. Though I must admit this game has a very large mod selection and if your a player who loves that kind of stuff then you will love this aspect of the game. The mods do not hurt the game for vanilla ♥♥♥♥ like myself but if you like to go ham with mods then go for it this game will let you and don't let others tell you any better. ;)Physics engine....For an indy game this physics engine is pretty solid. Though the game does have its limits so if you crash two deathstars together your going to have a bad time lol. One of the recent updates improved armor protection which was done really well in my opinion. The only thing I feel that needs to be changed is an improvment to the cockpits damage resistance but overall the game engine is very well executed.Building....The building controls are really good for a game like this. several tools are available for you to take advantage of and use to improve your designs. The symmetry tool is problably the most useful tool in the game! This tool pretty much is a builder's(like myself) wet dream come true. Also, with a creative mode you can build to your heart(or your computer ram's lel) desire. So if your creative like with legos or other builder games then why haven't you bought this game yet?Networking....Unfortunatly the hardest thing to code in any game, it is no suprise that this games multiplayer is under par with other games like minecraft or other server based game. Most of which is due to outside problems like peoples internet or the Servers ping. IMO I think Keen should invest into a community server that has good specs for people to play on together. Set up a defende no pvp zone trade station in the middle and see what becomes of it. One of the hardest things to code that this game is going to one day have to figure out is how to sync a none host player with a moving ship so you don't lag out of in in multiplayer. Other then that the networking of this game is somwhat average and the developers seem to be pushing big fixes toward it as they seem to know this is the games weakest link.PVP/MiningWhere there is resources to mine you can hear the shattering of someones ship and the chat boxes exsploding with rage. people like to complain about the game being pvp based. I can't argue with that though it pretty much is PvP based. What I can argue with is that the pvp ruins the game. Now any game with no challange and happy go miny is just a dead end aka farmville 2.0 space edition. If this game had no PvP then we can just rename the game toMeteor Miner: In space, no one can hear you drill. The PvP is problably one of the most important aspects of the game. With the game's unique game engine and blocks you can create some pretty sophisticated weapons. Everything from Scout drones to guided warheads the sky(or as I must say, the stars) are the limit. The same goes with Mining, it is a very important part of the game and everyone must start somewhere. A good group of about 5 people with 2 dedicated miners, and 3 builders can have a large base(with defences) and a small attack vessel going in about 2 hours if they keep at it.Last but not least......Game difficulty(survival)Now, personally for myself I dont find the game difficult (hurr 600+ hours :P), but to others I feel some things in the game are overlooked and either people don't understand or just don't care(giant blocks with missle launchers QQ). Some features of the game make you look past others and you could go on your way to make a ship that looks cool but not actually work. Which if thats what your going for is looks then by all means go for it, im talking about players who build these giant ships and hold shift building turrets and call it survival ready. Now, where am I getting with all this? well it all comes down to two sides of the game of Space Engineers, Creative and Survival. Survival is no doubt the game mode that is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off if your new. To really have a grip of survival you have to take into account everything. every turret, every generator, every cargo block. Turrets use ammo, Gens use uranium(solar Panal Master Race), and cargos hold all the goods, But for your ship to actually function properly it all MUST be connected in some way. Conveyor blocks are the most useful in doing this job. All blocks with a type of cargo space has a door like opening on them. This is a slot to connect other blocks with slots or conveyors to connect to other blocks with such slots. generators connected to cargos will bring in uranuim if its avaliable in the cargo blocks. Turrets must be connected to cargo blocks in some way to pull available ammo from said cargo blocks. Once you get used to this feature you will be on your way to creating ships that look good AND can work on survival.(wouldn't that be cool huh?)Overall....Space engineers is the most developed game of its class. Even though it is still an alpha it feels to be more of an early beta, but that is for you to judge thats just my opinion. Overall space engineers has the potential to be a huge hit and if the devs keep putting stuff into the game to improve then it can only get better. Time will tell what this game turns into.In the mean time, have fun, stop griefing with no creativity(im talking about you people who put waves of warheads on ships <.<), and just build on :P.I R8 8/8"
76561197962555096,Recommended,244850,11266969,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Neph,awesome even in its unfinished state.  if you ignore the random crashes this is a really good game like minecraft on steroids.  Check out some of the youtube vids or just go wild abnd build something really out there.  Alot more fin than mining asteroids in eve anyway =)
76561198128689587,Recommended,244850,11632339,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,therightstuff02,it is fun when no one is being a jerk on multiplayer
76561198063463026,Recommended,244850,10914778,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Charlester,Kinda confusing but really fun!  Requires a lot of time and good spacial memory but still an awesome game!
,Recommended,244850,12298009,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,PartyTom,"Logged on, built♥♥♥♥♥♥ logged off.11/10. GOTY."
,Recommended,244850,19170096,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,ShadowScales72,"As a budding mechanical engineer, this game has been an awesome way to experiment with physics in a zero-G environment, granted some aspects are suspendied for the sake of the game. It has been super fun, and the developers really work hard to make sure this game is everything the community wants it to be. Amazing! 10/10!"
,Recommended,244850,10902586,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,bunnyboy,SPACESHIP!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,19180208,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,CMDR Spanospy,"while this game is more performance hungry than others, its worth getting if you can get it at a price like £10 (which I did in june 2014). its got content the size of a planet (literally!) ranging from explosions, remote control, warp drives, mining, scripts, mods, random encounter ships and the option to build any ship you can imagine. no matter if you play this in survival or creative mode, you will have hours of fun in this game (I currently got 200+ hours).there's something for everyone in this sandbox space: for the creative, the immersion/survivalist and the destructive. even if you can't come up with any ship you want to make, you can look at the steam workshop and play around with submitted ships. There are so many great ships already made, and they can also help you build one yourself, as you have to manually construct the functions of the ship, including internal cargo/ammo transport, power and speed.This game also has modding support, and many people have already added in cool blocks and utilities, including ship interiors, block reskins/buffs, custom skyboxes (that can also make ships go faster!) and even new blocks like a ""hacking computer"" that changes the ownerships of blocks, or a functioning stargate!With the addition of planets, you also have to counter the gravity of the planets for ships. not enough thrust or balance and your ship won't be able to move. you can also fight off space pirates as well.there's some stuff I haven't talked about, and its best if you look at it yourself. The game has done very well from its basic stages, and has a nice community around it. (originally, planets were not gonna be a thing, but due to community desires it got implemented in, and it works so well!)"
,Recommended,244850,10375561,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Minimints,This is a great game.
76561198053119904,Recommended,244850,12629118,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Necrmyx,Awesome game lots of fun!!!
,Recommended,244850,9618908,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Grubfist,"Unlike other games that showed this much potential, this one is actively making great changes. Definitely worthy of its price already, with the addition of Survival mode."
,Recommended,244850,10361326,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,♛ T-ARA - What's my name? ♛,Love this game :)
,Recommended,244850,9739612,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Snake Oil Vendor,THIS GAME IS ON FIRE!!!!IT IS SOOOOO CLOOOL
76561197971326684,Recommended,244850,19195870,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,xIODx,"Highly reccommended, well worth the price.pros:hours of fun offline/onlinebuild stuffblow stuff upgreat workshop supportin game scriptinggreat communityplanets!still in development so more good stuff to comecons:physics is stll a little wonky (landing gear)"
,Recommended,244850,19195885,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Communist-Doggo,"Seriously an amazing game. It has grown SO much since I first got it. And now with the new planets release, it's one of the best games out there."
76561198103913391,Recommended,244850,15019922,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,BakaMole,Oh ... yes!
,Recommended,244850,9786169,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Leif The Head,"May be in development, but already an amazing game with a lot of potential. If you ever wanted to build your own spaceships, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,244850,23616781,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nightwolf,Please work on the simulation speed.. i want to be able to have lots of huge shipsgetting 60fps but the sim speed drops pretty fastOnly complaint about this game other than that it is amazing and i would recomend it if you like space and buildingand survival where there is no room for mistakes
,Recommended,244850,9885614,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,area51_area51,Even better than minecraft and the destruction engine is awesome. I just with that there was an onscreen warning if you are about to crash into something like a proximity warning. With conveyors and such that have been added mining and everything is turning this into an adictive game.
76561198098789403,Recommended,244850,11349069,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Other Guy,Its really fun. Meow.
76561198009250344,Recommended,244850,14565356,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,[TNC] Lupus,I made a functioning space ship in the shape of a hot dog.
76561198061857771,Recommended,244850,28284322,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Raptor Jesus,"It's like minecraft, but in space, with jetpacks and spiders, and spaceships. Oh yeah, the devs are great, releasing update videos weekly and very open to the community. They have recently added a new update which adds a tutorial campaign (something I don't remember minecraft having) and have redesigned alot of blocks.The only downside is the spiders, but they can be disabled in the options!"
,Recommended,244850,28287827,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Oops Sorry,good game
,Recommended,244850,29747384,Posted: 6 February,all,Malichos,"Literally every LEGO kids wet dream.Runs like trash in multiplayer, but the community is pretty friendly even if most will kill you for the 200 liters of ore you have on your freshly built miner ship.Would recommend if you enjoy building spaceships and space stations from scratch. If you have no imagination or drive to learn how to build everything will be a giant box and look like a a flying pile of garbage.No actual goal other than who can ""engineer"" something that resembles Star Wars/Star Trek or some other sci-fi movie and then deems worthy of posting on Reddit for glorious karma."
,Recommended,244850,10372552,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Daanikdu'ul,"Weekly updates, space battles, mining, what more can you want?"
,Recommended,244850,10103936,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Jefferson,SPPAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE got to go to space
,Recommended,244850,12499105,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Jekht,"If Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program were to be mashed together, Space Engineers would be the result. Surprisingly polished for an alpha, and with a pretty vibrant mod scene.Positives:-Voxel environments that allow the creativity of Minecraft without the blockiness.-Frequently updated-Fantastic multiplayer-Great depth and complexity-Crashing stuff into other stuff then realising you hadn't saved-No need for local world wipes deleting all your hard earned progress (I'm looking at you Starbound)Negatives:-Pregenerated worlds are actually quite small (upto 16 big asteroids but it never really feels like you're exploring)-Survival mode still feeling a little feature light.-Lots of rubbish character animations.-Plenty of placeholder art, such as an awful skybox that only exists to hide how small the levels are.Despite all of the negative, this is an amazing game. I would have paid double the asking price if I had known how much I would enjoy it."
76561198030974794,Recommended,244850,8294737,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Denver,You can build giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in space and shoot thing with them. Why do you not have this game yet?
,Recommended,244850,10335051,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,danphil_1,"This game is excellent and has a lot of potential, the last time I got this into a new unfinished game it was a hardly known game about mining blocks and we all know how that ended up."
76561198013758367,Recommended,244850,9151714,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[W.I.S.P]Albrat,"I have logged a fair few hours in the game now and feel that a review is in order.Basically the game is in development, But the quality of development is triple A in my opinion.  Graphics are astoundingly good (very very very good).  The physics of the game, while not perfect, they do exist and maybe are a future improovement.The controls in the game, they take a little getting used too, but if you imagine the challenge of giving 360 by 360 control and not making the controls too hard... its been implemented very well.  I am still learning about features in the game and controls / methods of building!!.Building - The modular block building style of this space sim is excellent, as some have said ""minecraft in space"" but this is much more than just minecraft in space.  (though i think adding airlocks and life suppport systems to ships / bases would be a good future addition.)The multiplayer - This is at the time of this review (17-02-2014 *february*) a new addition to the game still, I think there are going to be improovements.The performance of the game...  I have no issues with running the game in single player, But if you wish to run a multiplayer game I suggest a powerfull computer at this time.  -- The reason i say this is that if someone crashes a ship at high speed currently.. the game will stall and calculate the damage and particles / parts that move away.  So multiple crashes or weapon damage will cause lag.Overall this game is well worth the price and I suggest that anyone who ever played Minecraft and enjoyed even a minute of it...  Pre - Purchase this game.  It is going to be a all time great!"
76561197962683383,Recommended,244850,9225446,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Patton,"Incredible game. Deep, massive environments combined with infinite possiblity ship building. Build a ship, mine, explore, fight, maybe all three? From small vessells to mile long behemoth's. The game gives access to explore your space fantasies! For the price, you would be losing money (and experiences) if you didn't buy it!"
76561198137190992,Recommended,244850,10914520,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OrVipER,best game ever
,Recommended,244850,13902447,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hova,"It's not minecraft in space, but it may very well be better"
,Recommended,244850,9726227,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DLClever,"Very well done, extremely worth it for pre-release, active developers."
76561197967581596,Recommended,244850,10359483,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Justice,KICK ASSSSS
,Recommended,244850,7517909,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Disorganic,"So far, so minecrafty-in-spacethis actually looks like it has some serious potential"
76561198333421803,Recommended,244850,29402019,Posted: 21 January,all,nikolaybob2662,I just got the game but every time I load it up i can click things hear things but not see anything what I mean is the main menu is just black but i can still hear the music and click the options so how do I get it to work
76561198036472365,Recommended,244850,11628197,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,IronVoid,"Crashed into a guy in 300km/h, died. Very reallistic game. 9/11"
76561197993282292,Recommended,244850,10162951,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Madcow,"This game has tons of potential. What is here now is very playable and fun. The progression is better than most survival sandbox games in that the focus is on design, engineering and automation. You feel like the things you build will help you build bigger things."
,Recommended,244850,13674643,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Gygge,"Great sandbox 10/10Do you like to do blocks art?Do you like to construct and weld structures?Do you like to roleplay and create your own scenarios (in space)?If any of these are true, you are game. This will be a fun experience for you!Do you have friends that like this type of game?Great! You will have a great experience in survival mode!Myself I'm having a blast in survival, and I am looking forward to coming updates in 2015!"
,Recommended,244850,11813717,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Shraden,"Space Engineers is an interesting game, it combines the creativity aspect of Minecraft with a physics engine that it lacks. There is absolutely endless options for ship creation and I love that. Though it recently sold out to the Xbox One, or as I like to call it the Console Potato, it's still an incredible that any PC gamer can own. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the creativity aspect of Minecraft or other sandbox games."
76561197961463143,Recommended,244850,9871941,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,FleetAdmiral_Juarez,This game is hours of fun and it's still early in it's development.  Realism Survival with Asteroids is my favorite setting!
76561198109000885,Recommended,244850,11906532,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TheDarkshadow200,ITS AWESOME
,Recommended,244850,15210290,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,JimmyBazinga14,this is great i made a space station and stuffz
76561198024631349,Recommended,244850,15342568,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,gl0ryh0und,"Exceptional game concept, Singly player runs buttery smooth.  The mods options are endless and integrate well.  If your a fan of sandbox games and space excites you, then this is your game.  the UI is a bit clunky at first, but after a while you will slip smoothly into its' use.  the 6 degrees of freedom of motion can be disorienting to the new player, you'll either hate it or love it.Pros: Fantastic mix of phyics simiulation and fun play style, in a sandbox world of endless explorartion and creativity.  Single Player is solid and seems to rarely have issues even though the game is still in developmentCons:  Multiplayer is flimsy.  The playing together is excellent, but there is no tools to prevent hacking, the server is quite limited in capability.  Servers are typically limited to small groups and ofter suffer frequent issues, crashes and wi[pes.  the third party server extender mod,Conclusion:Great game, I recommend it to anyone.  but don't buy if you have your heart set on a rich multiplayer experience that will run smooth and long..  a lot of work to be done in the arena yet, but I believe it will get there eventually."
,Recommended,244850,10872711,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PYRO DRAGNEEL,Singleplayer is a little monotonous but the multiplayer is great
,Recommended,244850,10886619,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hype365,Awesome game for fans of Minecraft and the like! Build your own stations and ships both big and small. Fly around crashing into each other or mine for resources. Survival and creative modes as well as dedicated servers :) Lots of potential with this early access game :)
,Recommended,244850,10930452,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RuoskaNZ,"Mint game, have enjoyed the hell out of this. Wekly patches really make it something special in the market of mediocre early access games."
,Recommended,244850,11189346,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vap0r Small Cock,this game is like star wars without all the wars. swaq 10.5/9
76561198081521466,Recommended,244850,12516021,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,NewfieDude,This game is Awesome and fun to play. The game is like minecraft but in space. One of my all time Favourite game so far on steam. 10/10 For me.
,Recommended,244850,12247247,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Rustrage,"Spent 6 hours building ship, noticed mid flight I had no forward thrusters, hit wall, cried.. 10/10 would cry again."
,Recommended,244850,10002708,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,WhoSpilledMaxx,gud gaem 10/10k
76561198120579402,Recommended,244850,9991973,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Frodo,Space shenanigans.
,Recommended,244850,15751797,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,InnocentKiller,"Yea, this game sucks.........but.......I cant stop playing.1. Build Something2. Crash said something into something else3. Build another something4. Play with friends5. Shoot friends in the face while crashing your something into their somethingNo hostile AI as of yet (hopefully coming) and they keep promising planets at some pointVery active MOD community, seriously the modders are what keep me playing.They bring something new and exciting damn near every day,usually something that requires me to completely re-work all my ships and stations.Lets face it, bigger guns bring bigger smiles to my face when they go off."
,Recommended,244850,10079177,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,{WNRQ}Neorage,A friend and I attempted to make an automated ship destroyer using the new grinders......Ended in ABSOLUTE DISASTER!10/10 Would Bang
,Recommended,244850,10484282,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ponky-Pone ♫,Very destructable enviroment?Check.Crafting?Check.Space?Check.Building?Check.Mining?Check.Battleships?Check.YOU CAN BUILD AND DESTROY ANYTHING! JUST BUY THE DAMN GAME SO THIS GUY CAN SOME HOW MAKE IT BETTER!Gosh!
,Recommended,244850,12187113,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,reece,very space..
,Recommended,244850,11892030,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Cmdr.Lex Luthor,Spaceships.
76561197992661238,Recommended,244850,11124689,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Valormorghulis,"This game has, in alpha, already given rumblings of its quite possible genre defining status. A platform that shows this kind of possiblity, and is progressing this rapidly is a must own if not only for the investment in history."
76561198050762925,Recommended,244850,16608648,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,thatSTUFFguy,"There is no one way to play this game: you can explore the unknown, mine away at an asteroid, build ships and stations to your hearts content, or destroy it all with warships, all you can do with friends. Yes, there are some bugs, but I've been playing this game before landing gears came out so it's possible to play around them. The developers listen to the players and the games is coming along nicely, just give it time."
,Recommended,244850,9782196,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Skibby,"Did you like the movie gravity? Do you enjoy minecraft? And do you love sci (fi)? Than this game is for you.As of writing this game is still in Alpha status. But i'm impressed how stable it is, and how much can already be accomplished with such basic features.This game is about creating objects in space. From space stations, to small space fighters, and big motherships, or anything else you can think of. It has a creative (free build mode) and survival mode, where you need to stay alive, mine materials so you can craft new items, and repair/protect your creations from meteors and solar winds. The physics in this game is what really makes it stand out. Just by having a great physics system, and some simple objects like a rotor, thruster and drill, people are creating enormous self mining vessels.The game looks visually solid, clear art style and feel. For a game set in space, it's very down to earth with it's graphics, and still runs great on my 5 year old laptop (updated to windows8) and some lower settings. Untill the scenes (your creations) get too big, and the frame rates begin to drop. This will happen on any modern computer. Your creations can get bigger before you start noticing. But this downside is also it's biggest upside! They don't put any size restrictions, you can create what you want.The developers of this game Have a great way of developing this game, making them very flexiblle. And they really listen to the players, they actually prefer to build what we want to play. It's a symbiotic relationship that is working very well. Can't wait to see what the ""final"" product will be.10 out of 10 for an alpha game!If this would be the final game, it would still be an 8."
,Recommended,244850,7608056,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Alphawar,I have to say this is an amazing game :)
,Recommended,244850,13646728,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sean,bueno
,Recommended,244850,8350849,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Felord,"This game in its unfinished state is already a lot of fun, i can't wait to see what it looks like when it's done."
,Recommended,244850,10078030,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,-=Raptor_Hawk=-,THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME
,Recommended,244850,7996575,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,The Calvary,"Love the concept, this game has amazing potential.UPDATE:With the update of the now world's largest, completely destructable voxel worlds, the possiblities of things to do just got even greater. The dev's are constantly keeping this game up to date, with bug fixes ALL the time, and an astonishingly active community, greater than most games. The workshop implementation with this game is also extreme easy to use, and very complete. You can spawn in new planets, things other people have built, and even use other players mods. Yes, mods, and the API is VERY thorough and easy to learn. Programmable blocks even let you show off your coding skills, and share even those through the workshop!Pros:Physics engine is VERY good.Models look very nice.The community in and outside of steam is vast.Full mod and workshop support with well written API.Devs are very good at keeping regular updates and listening to community.Cons:Due to the vast amount of awesomeness in this game, older computers maynot be able to handle it at 60 fps.Accidentally taking off your helmet in space sucks.  :P"
,Recommended,244850,9148671,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Warik Yacent,"Cool game, can't wait for the final version, in the mean time sandbox it ;)"
76561198038981581,Recommended,244850,9747710,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Ultrajungleboy,"Great game,  if you were excited for 0x10c, this game is a great alternative.  Sandbox/free roam games are great, and if you are considering buying this, I would have to say yes.Pros -- Sandbox- Great Ship Builder- Awesome Collisions- Reality multipliers- Dogfights- Huge ships, and small ships- Good mining system- Very good graphics(for a voxel game)- Great textures, it really feels like light bounces off of them- Many things to do- Updates every week!- Infinite worldsCons -- Rendering lag(being worked on)- Glitchy movement on multiplayer ships- No anti-grief/troll systemConclusion : Overall, this game is worth the money, and is a great investment, because it will improve later in the future, and most of the cons will be fixed.Rating : 8.5/10"
,Recommended,244850,15271865,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Broseph Stalin,"I absolutely love this game. If you want to do something in space, as an engineer, then you can! And if the vanilla game doesn't have it, then a mod certainly will! For an alpha game with such interesting gameplay as this, it's quite stable and offers hours of fun and laughs with friends!For anyone who loves limitless sandbox games with a community who is far too obsessed with Star Trek, here's the game for you. (at a very fair price I may add)Footnote for people concerned with computer specs: Throw the minimum requirements out the window, you'll barely get gameplay out of a machine like that. You need a pretty powerful pc to play this game to a large extent. This aside it's still a phenominal game, just beware your computer catching fire."
,Recommended,244850,11581202,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Quantum Joe,"For an alpha early access game I must say that I am completely taken with it already.  Sure, there are some bugs, but it's alpha.  The shear scope of what can be done, and what they have done already, is amazing.  Design your own ships from scratch and try to survive in a hostile space environment where, at any second, a meteor can rip through your hull and your space suit.  Build massive space stations and capitol ships to use as bases for mining or even combat operations bases.  Recent additions include pistons, which increase the creatively already added by rotors, and hotbar controls for easy control of weapons and equipment.  Jump into a cockpit, slap on some thrusters and get ready to blast off into some sandbox fun.Just my opinion folks, but I'm hoping for good things from this one.P.S. updates every Thursday, with a helpful community of test players."
76561198055329847,Recommended,244850,13406595,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Nitimori,Best :-)
,Recommended,244850,9461756,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Daegan Jukes,I've had it for a few weeks now. plays like minecraft in space with a creative mode and realistic mode. build and blow up your own ships. build facilities of value to defend or capture/destroy. design prebuilt maps for others to play in. lots of fun.
,Recommended,244850,17003313,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,HansensCreamyRootBeer,The possibilities in this game are incredible. It just leaves me speechless...
,Recommended,244850,7477533,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Wulfstan,Minecraft. IN SPACE! (kinda)
,Recommended,244850,19227935,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Omega535,Space Engineers is one of those games that's only limited by your creativity. The Keen team keeps getting updates out and the game is now 100x better than when I first played it 2 years ago.This is one of the few games Ill remember playing in 50 years.
,Recommended,244850,11446686,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Overlord Ticklefart,"Space Engineers is a great game that is constantly being updated with new content. Although some key pieces are missing from the current library of blocks I have to say that they've covered many of my ""creative needs"".The physics add to the fun of this game and often I end up creating something just to ram it into other things, only to watch the destruction with boyish joy."
76561197974459940,Not Recommended,244850,24084250,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Cosmic,"I want to love the game.Only reason it wasn't deleted is because I know that it's in development but every time I try it again it just feels like the Dev's are going in circles. They add some content, break the game, fix the bugs, change it again, break it and repeat, which sounds like how game development should be. Problem is it's for the same things they fixed a year ago (or still haven't realy fixed). To make a piston or a rotor or wheels or landing gears work should not be still in development. They need to be like the hanger doors, (where you'r not needing to know displacement values) but just work when placed. Also the game design where you have to trick the game into letting small and large blocks grids share the same build grid, just sucks.The Mod community is the only thing keeping SE positive in the steam community in my mind, but with every change the modders have to then adjust or redo their mods. Will any mods still be with the game when it gets out of development? Note: I only use mods when playing on group servers, when in creative solo it's all vanila.So unless you like cursing, watching your creation bounce or spin across the screen because you used two rotors or one block was destroyed/removed, having to exit to main screen to reload your creation because it blewup or the wheels all fell off (fingers crossed the game won't crash loading the save for the 3rd time) and have a PC with 16GB or more Ram. This game is not worth spending money getting YET.Sorry if it feels like a rant but it's not my intention.I hope the Devs made the game so we could creative. They have to step back and realize not everyone is a real engineer who will do the math or know code. Split the game to a normal and Engineer mode (if you want to have people figure out the optimal mutiple wheel turning rates and radius) otherwise the game is not fun for everyone. AND PLEASE fix the current content (moving blocks) dynamics and small/large build grids before the other stuff you have posted as future features.I will keep on trying the game in hopes to change to a thunbs up and I realy do appreciate the dream of this game. To the complex creations with moving parts in the workshop, hats off cause I don't know how you do it with keeping hair on your head =)Last food for thought:Also most feels like the Dev's are keeping the game in this sad state to prevent it from be released, as what comes after linking severs together (My thought is hostile (threats/boss) or an rescue stages to create end game goals)? The modding community can keep adding replay value (blocks items) as time goes on. Is it  a cash grab or a job security thing?  I know you dev's want to use your learned skills to work on other games like medieval engineers or <poke> are you stuck on a one trick pony?"
,Recommended,244850,7953776,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Frusko,"Absolutly awesome game with realistic destruction! With insperation from minecraft and wanting to create something new and unique, Space Engineers was born! Ever wanted to fly the USS Enterprise or a battleship from starwars? Or maybe you want to create a space station on an asteroid with a BIG piston door opening up the hanger? Or maybe you wanted to have an epic space battle/dogfight in small fighter ships with your friends? All of this wasnt possible until Space Engineers was release and with their upcoming game called Medievel Engineers being released in a few days, I have high hopes for this company! Must BUY!"
,Recommended,244850,12116028,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,DEADPOOL,"OH MY GOD!!!!!!! As if the game couldnt get any better? Planets, Gravity, WarpDrive, NPS'c, Bots... Nothing changed in the past almost 2 years. Every week has new content some bigger then others but they are still CONSTANTLY adding stuff to this game. If there is a bug? They fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥real quick. Survival.... Creative.... INFINANTE WORLDS?! Must I say anymore? The plannets are... HUGE..... You'll spend hundreds of hours on one easily... Then your mission? Get the ♥♥♥♥ off that ♥♥♥♥♥!!!!! Good luck.. Youll have to break the atmosphere... Once you do... Watch out for pirates... If you survive them to make it to a new plannet? Well... Watch out for the damn Spiders... Aliens... Theyll mess your day up. Oh... Dont forget to bring oxygen into space if you dont... well... You're going to be in for a real treat.(Previous Review)What isn't there to say about this game... I bought it back in March 2014. Every other week they are adding new things... It's remarkable. At first I though it was a ""Ok Game"" When I was only playing creative mode. Then I got into survival... Where the game becomes real. It's no longer easy and you had to actually work for everything. I'm talking mining for resources, Making sure your suit has evergy, Keeping the Meteors off you♥♥♥♥♥♥ Watching out for other players. Taking the time to refine the resources you mined then taking the extra time to make components. That game can make you lose track of time before you know it. If you like legos, You will love the creative mode. If you like survival... Then this is better then any other ""Survival"" Game out there, I've played Nether, State of Decay etc... This survival bring♥♥♥♥♥♥to a whole new level."
76561197980051190,Recommended,244850,9585990,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Shad0wray,Bst game ever!
,Recommended,244850,10317976,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,TheScruffyGuy,Been waiting for a game like this to come along. I'm addticted!
76561198148152867,Recommended,244850,13110283,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BlazeItMichael,"This game is very amazing and if you haven't already tried it out I would do so.  The graphics are really cool and if you like games like Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program then you'll like this game.  However, this game is fairly new so there isn't a lot of features but it is very complex.  5 star rating all the way!"
,Recommended,244850,14368661,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,GaMMaLiKKeR,this is an  epic game!just buy it!!!!
76561198171337327,Recommended,244850,19203223,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,robot,this game is swaggy 10/10 would play again
,Recommended,244850,9934956,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,BiOhAzArD,If you ever wanted to know what a Space Minecraft would look like ! Well Here it is !   And it has Automatic Turrets.. Win!
,Recommended,244850,12699388,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Blame,Just throw your money and get this game!
76561198089332511,Recommended,244850,7935096,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Colt13.Virus,hi there space engineers is amazing you can make ships that can use guns use a drill for mineing and now theres multi player so you can play with friends and have some fun buildeing ships theres is just one thing thay dident add that would be chat theres no chat yet so talking is not an option yet
,Recommended,244850,11622414,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Jester_Prince,Minecraft wishes it was this fun.
76561198133833488,Recommended,244850,15324245,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,RadialHorse82,"Great game,entertaining sometimes the loading time is a bit slow but thats okay because I have played games with loading times much worse there is also sometimes a bit of lag. overall great game i really enjoy it"
76561198046289889,Recommended,244850,9845857,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Coolstud243,AMAZING!!!! BEATS MINECRAFT ANY DAY!
,Recommended,244850,11486607,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,RPG Duke,"""Space Engineers"" is a Great sandbox game with fun times to be had and Hours of gamplay time. Once you start your Space Station and start Building your first ship, next thing you know your wondering what color wall you should have for your ""Star Destroyer"". Over all I Think its worth $19.99 and you should pick it when ever you get the chance. (P.S. ""You need a decent computer to run it"")"
,Recommended,244850,14299107,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Neptune,"This game is amazing. You can be goofy, funny, serious, or anything else. DEFINITE RECOMMENDATION."
,Recommended,244850,9752773,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Fléchette Spectre [M.I.L.L.I.],"Spaceships, Engineering, Minecraft, Guns. WHAT NOT TO LOVE ABOUT THIS GAME?"
,Recommended,244850,9681420,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Godric,"Its a pretty awesome Idea to be able to build things in space and fly them around or crash them and shoot at other ships and friends, nice twist on the building and it gives you more flexibility being able to simply float around what your building!I see big things being able to happen in this game, and I have high hopes for some of the updates as well, I hope to see that the world engine progresses so it doesnt lag as much for simple particle effects, and I hope to one day be able to fly the ship I just created with my friends operating the onboard turrets and sytems as we make our descent onto an actual Built through planet with actual gravity effects, I would love the realism, seeing that transition in a game would be masterful and mind blowing. This game has alot of potential and I can't wait to watch it happen!"
76561198125392104,Recommended,244850,19646787,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,STZ75,"I absolutely recomend this game. Granted it is still in early access and has bugs (what do you expect from early access?) but the game is like nothing I've ever played before. Great graphics, realistic physics, and plenty of hours of fun, building, destroying, and building again. I would suggest having a beefy computer though if you plan to buy it now. It is very taxing on memory and graphics but well worth investing in, in my opinion, especially since planets were released. Don't buy this game if you are going to cry about framerate because you're still using a desktop that was top of the line in 2005.... Don't buy the game if you're going to cry about bugs because they ARE going to happen. Again, I HIGHLY recomend this game and give my support to Keen software.Love,The patient few that didn't cry about wanting planets sooner then cry about the bugs that planets brought with them."
76561198074848525,Recommended,244850,21663150,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Some'ingStupad,"Awsome game, ive only played for like a day, but i Just CANT play planet survivalME: Jetpack Activated, lets goAI: YOUR GOING TO DAMN FASTME: NONONOONOONONONONONOOOOOOAI: At least you got back to base.......15/10 IGNWould Crash Again."
,Recommended,244850,10336742,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Cheridan,"A space sandbox and Early Access game done right.If you liked playing with Lego bricks as a kid, you will enjoy Space Engineers. Building a ship is simple, with each block you place changing the way it performs. A heavy ship will need more thrusters to speed up, a ship with more gyroscopes will turn faster at the cost of the high weight of the gyro. Too many thrusters and you'll need to add more power systems! It's easy enough to just slap components and make a lemon that will get you to the next asteroid, but players who want to optimize each aspect of their ship will enjoy the balancing act.The developers consistently deliver and impress with scheduled weekly updates every Thursday, each one generally adding a new gameplay element (wheels, gun turrets, conveyors) as well with bugfixes. I have complete faith that the game will continue to grow and improve, and I look forward to that greatly."
,Recommended,244850,9735812,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Archer,"This game is awesome, especially playing with otheer people. Although it stings to see it on a sale just a week after I bought it for $20. I highly suggest you buy it right now, because this is a great sale price for this game."
,Recommended,244850,10831669,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Vulpine Complex,Survival mode: Check.Cataclysmic Meteor Showers: Check.Have all manufacturing wiped out within 5 minutes of the game: Check.Reactors run out of fuel. Run out of energy. Slowly drift into the infinite abyss of space.Buy this game.
,Recommended,244850,8747707,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,GalaxyHiker,"Definitely a worthwhile buy, if only to see where the game goes. Content updates are frequent and massive, and the game feels like it's MOVING at a rapid pace toward some amazing conclusion. Of course, things that are being added are things that you'd expect to be present in a non-Alpha game, but seeing them go in before your eyes makes you feel like the developers are doing good work.Physics are good (if wonky at times), momentum seems to run like it should. If you're into the more realistic flight model there are keys to toggle inertial dampers, but the game defaults to the much simpler and easier-to-learn basic flight scheme.If you want an idea of what people can DO with this game, check its Workshop page. The creations are staggering.The last update added a collision-model editor to the modkit, which opens up whole new possibilities for modification. MULTIPLAYER IS NOW A THING. So yes.Buy this game."
,Recommended,244850,18185829,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,The Ceasar,It all sums up to this:█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198124628344,Recommended,244850,13827100,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,AnandPrimeGames,I love it
,Recommended,244850,9308474,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Chozmonster,"It's still early, but it's basically Minecraft in space. With buildable and flyable spacecraft. That you can crash into eachother at 100 m/sec."
76561198046430706,Recommended,244850,13560537,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,🅱️ax,There is something oddly charming about this game and theres an enormous amount of workshop content. Great game.
,Recommended,244850,19227266,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,FaultyCode,It's space. What more could you want?
76561198180193789,Recommended,244850,15056500,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,TurtleLord,YOU CAN CRASH SPACE SHIPS ANY DAY OF THE WEEK WITH THIS
76561198024040142,Recommended,244850,12587285,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Carpet enthusiast,neat
,Recommended,244850,15922804,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,EJRONAN,i love dis game it is awsome in every way the game phiziucs are awsome it is a great game for any who likes space and minecraft
76561197990595879,Recommended,244850,17907401,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,TJ420Hunt @ Twitch.TV,please work on dedicated server sync with clients =/
,Recommended,244850,14598503,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,seafood1471,Excellently made game with limitless potential thanks to promises of huge future updates and a highly active modding community.
76561198026481003,Recommended,244850,17455196,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,SilverFox,I recommend this game. If you like building games
,Recommended,244850,17821772,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ASilly Birb Roll,The only downside is it's a real time-eater
,Recommended,244850,7969304,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Republiken,Like Minecraft but in space. It's going to be even more awesome in the future!
,Recommended,244850,14331774,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ThatGuy,GOOD GAME
76561198062393224,Recommended,244850,13972320,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Derjil,Awesome
,Recommended,244850,7468541,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Deckelsmouk,"Very complex and full of possibilities, kind of unique in its kind. Unstable at times but all in all great ideas and implementation."
,Recommended,244850,10100112,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Paranormal Raccoon,"It is a pretty good game for an early access game, although I have to say I got bored rather quickly after realising that it is pretty repetitive to play in its current state. Extremely fun to try out together with friends though, so I can definetely recommend it if you like sandbox games :)"
,Recommended,244850,16106964,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sirian,Spaceship! SPACESHIP! SPAAAACESHIP!
,Recommended,244850,8838002,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Fall3n_Archon,"Loads of fun, and the physics engine is incredibly well done!"
,Recommended,244850,10765639,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Albertoersa,"This game is just amazing! The concept is grate, and ofers so many features.It is a must have for anyone who enjoys building games like minecrft and such."
76561198012536131,Recommended,244850,11552851,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Chief Tigurius,This game is by far the best sandbox builder ever made. Minecraft has nothing on this game and its still only an alpha. This game has so much untouched potential I am excited to see each and every update they make to this game. Its like every week has a new suprise to the game I Love it. You have to get this game.
,Recommended,244850,19084833,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LG.CaptainPotoo,very fun and planets are amazing even more fun with friends if you dont have it your mising out
,Recommended,244850,12071596,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Keemstar,"Amazing Game, Play it everyday. Fast Updated (Every Thursday) Great Team, 10/10"
76561198021632658,Recommended,244850,11610509,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Gates,"Space Engineers is one of the few games I would rank along side Minecraft in terms of a true sandbox and unique mechanics.  The tools availible and the rules that govern their function seem widley versitile, allowing the user to decide how to aproach their self determined objectives.  Perhaps the most interesting feature comes in the recent adaptation of plugins which could revolutionize the game much in the same way modpacks have changed minecraft.If you are the person who loved watching alpha minecraft grow, has pashients for a long term investment over instant gratification, love sandboxes, setting your own objectives or working on/with community plugins or mods then this game I recomend to you.If you dislike unstructured goals common in sandboxes, long term investments, or solo gameplay you may want to stear away for the time being until the community has had enough time to build up some strong mods, servers and mini games."
,Recommended,244850,13690942,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,[DP]UrNxT,"In a universe that is ever expanding, the need to build and explore is also unending.If you ever enjoyed Minecraft even a tiny bit... You must try this game. It takes it to a whole new level"
,Recommended,244850,10230213,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mellis,"At the monent we as gamers are just gettng into the games that are coming from last years e3. With all of the time waiting for those AAA games, i had the time to play some other games on the market. These games on steams were mainly early acsess games that were being worked on and attempting to show some promiss.What we have here is one of the most creative games that i belive has hit the market in a long time. as a matter of fact i cant belive that no one have done this yet. This game is called space engineers and with the 33 hours i have put into this game from when i got it ...... i got to say it is refreshing.Survival Mode- at the begining of this mode you can chose to set of a situation such as a crashed ship or a lone platform and all the way to being just you and the astroids. Just like other games with survival your tast is very simple just mine rocks and ore to build yourself a base or even your very own ship. Building is what this game is based of, making the best base with the best defence and offense. And just like ship building it is also up to you what your ship looks like and if it is better for mining or fending off other people and astroids showers.Creative- Unlike survival this mode is fun for messing around in with friend, like building ships that are all weapons and attacking each other like a bunch of luniticks. This mode is also good for making up designs for survival making sure that they work to your exact standerds.Physics- Just like space there is no gravity. Be carefull and use it to your advantage.Graphics- Great for the most part, some textures look a little fuzzy up close but good for the most part.Bugs- Only bug i can think of that i have seen was my monitor going black for a few seconds when moving fast. other than that they are no major bugs.What i think need to be added in the future- Bigger Worlds, Enemies, Random Ship crashes (rare), Food and Water System, Air System for enclosed areas, Areas you can remove your suit, Faster weilding, and lastly this one may be outher but what about having huge servers with large amounts of space for everybody and also posibly having explorable planets. (i relize that last one may be out there, but hey its an idea)Overall Score (1 being worst) (10 being best)Gameplay 8/10Graphics 9/10Gamemodes 7/10Physics 10/10                                                  Overall Score 8.5/10(All of this is my personal opinion)"
76561198067560819,Recommended,244850,11615427,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Glitchster,If you do not have a good computer then this game will be imposible to play
76561197998119609,Recommended,244850,15036252,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Nixi,"This is an awesome sandbox game! Like minecraft but in SPACE!.. No creepers to spawn behind you and blow you up. However who needs creepers when an asteriod shower can quickly demolish your creations in a matter of moments! (if enabled) With things like turrets, conveyors, and mining drones you can quickly become a mining mogul or build up resources to make a pirate armada with friends. There is a huge selection of mods that can be implimented into the game to make an already awesome game, amazing! I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys more of the creative side of sandbox and a twist to the pvp aspect really making your killing spree more personal with your own touch. Either gunning them down traditionally.. attrition by locking them away from their regen stations.. Or SIMPLY RAMMING THEM DOWN!! I give this game two thumbs up! :3"
76561198037812966,Recommended,244850,17737298,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,PaultheAssassin,"Dont know what to say about this game Amazing,Imaginative,Super Cool, Great with friends. pick this up on sale its worth it without, Game Is a space simulator make your dream ship from scratch properly from scratch none of this premade stuff that you get to choose from, make space station planet docking station anything youve ever dreamed of about making space tech wise. still only in its alpha/beta but a great game nonetheless one of the few early access titles id recommend other people to buy ive got alot but wouldnt recommend, since most early access is just a way to get pay before the game is fully made this game though is worth. 9/10 easily would become 11/10 when the planets and netcode gets introduced. honestly if you see the trailer and think its good but dont think if itll be that good.. find a multiplayer server you like or just add me;] and when this new update comes ill be on this like a no lifer"
76561198061645568,Recommended,244850,16103659,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Moss,I guess it's ok...
,Recommended,244850,11015918,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DJ,build drill ship. turn on drill. ship explodes. dan ouda dan
76561198093262749,Recommended,244850,11296681,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Grand Admiral Oppa'site,good game but you need to fix the lag and just add differt/easier to use buttons to roatate blocks 4 stars
,Recommended,244850,7468030,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,♫Sinopia,its like StarMade but BETTER!you must buy it!
76561198052913852,Recommended,244850,9657053,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ELAEL,Fun game with building and♥♥♥♥♥♥ also fun to play with friends! 9/10
76561197995082647,Recommended,244850,10090293,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Razor1820,It is a cool game come and join
,Recommended,244850,7467062,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Slaiiz,"Space Engineers, it's a game about cooperatively building the most badass (war) vessel and then ramming it at your foes' floating dumpster just before laughing at their misfortune when they realize you weren't jokin' at all until they go spess war (multiplayer and gunfights soon to be implemented) and brutalize your whole crew.Until that very time comes (oh I'm so waiting for it), you're given the possibilty to experiment with the world and a bunch of pre-built (made out of actual blocks) ships, mess with the on-board terminals and make dem lights flicker.This game sounds like a good investment for its price until a more complete release, so make it quick, support the game!EDIT : Nothing more than a hyped game."
76561198000773362,Recommended,244850,19507677,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Seerick,Will review more in depth but I've resolved crashing issue so far.
,Recommended,244850,10506892,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ven,yeah
,Recommended,244850,25055693,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DrunkenTyrant,I love the game but the new building system is bad
,Recommended,244850,21721602,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Papa John,You don't know what fear is until you try landing while unaware that intertia dampeners are off.
,Recommended,244850,11887319,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,SirJammyBoomBoom,"Very good sandbox game would recommend to anyone, good multiplayer too!"
,Recommended,244850,11040799,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,OMGWTFBBQ,"I love it, best alpha ever!"
76561197964276632,Recommended,244850,17133238,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Shockr,"Space Engineers: A Ship designing, resource management and space combat game that's so damn good I run my own dedicated server.The dev team listens to it's community, it introduces a patch every Thursday (and has done so for the last 2 years (give or take) that I've been following them.Not only this, but they invite the community to contribute code through GitHub.Possibly the most forward thinking development team ever.  Kudos."
,Recommended,244850,22164333,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,ArVe-89,"This game is my alltime favorite, as you can probably tell from my ingame hours. for people that are creative or you want to become more creative this is a must have for you. I mean ingame programming in c# is supported, planets are complete voxel based and distrucable. you can build ships, cars, even helicopters and airplanes thanks to the modding community. Yes, it has flaws, but this game is something special, something you won't find anywhere else (believe me I looked, and f8*ck off with Emperion). The mods are giving an update every week for the past 2 years, now thats what I call dedication! BUY THIS GAME, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,244850,29832175,Posted: 10 February,all,Preecy,My experienceStart a world and spawn in a planetary lander and proceed to crash that and 10 others into the ground.After eventually landing one run out of power in the ship and have to break the door open.Go out looking for some sort of power and after 20 seconds get eaten by some crazy space wolf things.10/10 would be eaten by aliens again!In all seriousness this is a great game to play on your own or with friends!
76561198064104387,Recommended,244850,7469783,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Tarkus the Tank Engine,Amazing building game and my new replacement for minecraft. You can build and fly your own friggen space ship!
,Recommended,244850,30775603,Posted: 27 March,all,Envious,when you build an aircraft carrier for space but you accidentially make it too big and your game lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because you have the mass of an entire moon in the form of a space supercarrierthats when you decided HUH this spaceship supercarrier could do with a 2nd deck and in doing so my game has dropped to about 17fps consistently when im within a 50 mile radius of that gargantuan ship BUTit was fun making it and none the less.besides this games excessive lag with large creations and terrbile network nonsense its still stupidly fun and I do recommend.
,Recommended,244850,30542623,Posted: 16 March,all,Average Swine,"Shoelace engineers is an excellent metaphor for real life. In life, you get a great idea and decide that you will pursue it. You dump hours into it but end up with a huge failure. In this game, you want to be like the big-name workshop creators and decide you want to make a big ship. You dump hours into making it but end up with a box with thrusters or one of your pistons/gyros bugged out and exploded half your ship. The similarities are striking.The game is a great way to routinely dissapoint yourself."
,Recommended,244850,11055168,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Officer Wolfram,After Beta update I can play again10/10Would update again
76561198034283926,Recommended,244850,9946694,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Hank Hill,"Solid game, however it has bugs. Good core gameplay and a promising roadmap for development."
76561198108311225,Recommended,244850,12440957,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,13_Raziel_13,"Amazing game, and I have a feeling this is only the beginning, who knows what may come in the future, maybe there will be planets that you can go down to and build bases, and engineer a world (the engineer of Star Wars???), and would you need shields to descend to the planet or would you burn up, only time will tell, but the future looks bright...So if you like engineering and love space, then maybe you are a Space Engineer and this game is for you..."
76561198214937035,Recommended,244850,30775001,Posted: 27 March,all,SoNicJ78,"Very interesting n technical, if you love to build and experiment this is for you."
,Recommended,244850,12473906,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Heroic.Doses,I love this game! It's like Minecraft in space.Soon as they fix the multiplayer issues it will be great again!
76561198072499503,Recommended,244850,12249458,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,MrDmitrij,Amazing 11/10
,Recommended,244850,7510221,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,GhostInShellMMS,"Awesome and time consuming in a good way... like minecraft in space :)Edit:Well after more than 1500+ hours of creating and gaming (only 200h gaming). i must say its the fore most space engineering game out there atm, sure others are close by and even some looks better, but there aint any that updates every week, that informs players wth they are doing atm, that aint affraid to admit they screwed up somewhere or released content a bit too early.Its fare from perfect, but its playable if you find a decent server and try not to play with tons of mods (less than 10).I do mostly creative work and upload BPs sadly many doesnt get up because my projects require a better PC for big builds or i lose interest in it, most is 80-99% done eve.anyways buy if you like, if not dont."
76561197986803544,Recommended,244850,9541194,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Hukkis,Best and most promising Early Access Game what i have played this far. what else should i say ?
,Recommended,244850,21529331,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,thot patrol officer,"Whether you like building complex machines to fly through space, blast them to pieces, or do the same to other people's workshop creations, this game is definitley something that you need to buy.While it's not perfectly optimized and has a lot of bugs and glitches, for me, the game still holds up to what it tries to do and it does it well.- Edit 27/12/2016Do all of this mentioned above, now with 5%* less clang!*figures may vary"
76561198121911086,Recommended,244850,14075867,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,RADIO_METRO,it awsome
,Recommended,244850,10373400,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cronus,in just a short few content updates this game is proberly going to be one of the greatest games ever made.
,Recommended,244850,14392782,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Zacotive,"a space game with a fresh community, you can be the one to discover and make something that will shock the entire community"
,Recommended,244850,11440346,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,«AlphaMale»,"Though Very fragile and buggy at times , it can be enjoyable .  The reason i have increased ingame time is because of recent updates . Once Space Engineers was bunked to 64 bit computers,all it took was a new hard drive and that is it . One thing i would love to have is more weapons for small ships and large ships alike . Sure the gatling guns and rocket launchers do damage but i am tired of constantly having to activate a mod or 2 to get a larger variety of weapons ."
76561198125352811,Recommended,244850,9957067,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Moirai,Very VERY GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,244850,10738397,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shaggy,"Amazing game especially the dedicated server option. Even when this game actually comes out, I think it would be awesome allowing you to actually build a lot of stuff. Got it? Want to play? Well, I would be able to get you in but you gotta have what it takes to join!"
,Recommended,244850,10022786,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,LegendarymyBros,I just love this game it has everything someone would want in a realistic survival in space type of game.
76561198070134936,Recommended,244850,11058527,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Honky,smoke marijuana
,Recommended,244850,27819397,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,zicy,The game are awsome. but still needs some polishing
,Recommended,244850,12451205,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Karrq,"Other than some glitchy physics, it's still a beast.The rest of the physics in the game is simulated very well, making the overall experience with the engine ejoyable, especially where you are fighting physics to make something new and you actually do it.This games really pushes on the idea of making stuff, be it survival or creative... I like this types of games, they can be both relaxing and tense, and they can really make you think hard on what you are doing!I'll definetely recommend it."
,Recommended,244850,10692667,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,saice,Its like minecraft in space... sort of.
76561198272511498,Recommended,244850,30131090,Posted: 23 February,all,Typical Polish Guy&Noob,"game is one of best games i played, its very good, creative and u can spend much time on it without getting boring. Also its not so good because many things are not real, like there is no orbit and no atmospheric, u can go to space in 10 blocks conected to engine and hydrogen tank.I think they should add more real fisic"
,Recommended,244850,14361446,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,[RGQT] TheMemeZealot,"Space? Yea space, but like buildy and stuff."
,Recommended,244850,25307314,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Baconblitz,"One of the few games on Steam I can literally never get bored of.Great mod support, Keen is pretty responsive as well. Regular Updates, ect.300+ hours of playtime so far, and I plan to keep going. Keep up the good work Keen :)What youll be doing in Space Engineers-maybe buiding a ship.-maybe building a station.-chasing a ship into the black expanse of space, only to become lost in the void.-Smashing ships (repeatedly into the surface of planets).-suffocating because a meteor hit your Oxygen storage.-Being followed by mean space pirates.-Being killed by mean space pirates.-Being eaten by robotic puppers.-Being eaten by massive spiders.-bumping asteroids, because you miscalculated the slowdown burn.-Ramming your friends creations.-Having your creations rammed, exploded, stolen, scrapped, and lost (save often bro).-Just having fun in general.Just a great game.seriously, one of the best on Steam.Cons:-Runs alright, probably could do with more optimization (flora doesnt like me)-OM NOM NOM DELISHUS RAM (to be expected)-Out of all the hours Ive had this game, it crashed once, and that was my fault."
76561198056329583,Recommended,244850,12468431,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,joker little j,"Amazing game! it updates every week with fantastic new items!!! bug fixes are always fast and great, doesnt take a super computer to handle it and its the best priced game for what you are getting"
76561198014511091,Recommended,244850,10031021,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,TRS  George,SUperamazingwmsadjngskrpmfgpdh
76561198103176957,Recommended,244850,13099500,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Zwest,You can blow suff up..enough said.
,Not Recommended,244850,23994615,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Suq Madiq,"The game can be so laggy at times to where its unplayable and there is a lighting glitch which makes everything so bright, you cant even see."
,Recommended,244850,13836258,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Max Carmine,i love this game i love everything about it there isnt a single thing that i dont like about this game if you love minecraft and if you love space this game is worth it
76561198070544899,Recommended,244850,30804869,Posted: 28 March,all,Lunk,"Last time I played this game it was about year and a half ago and it ran like absolute garbage....BUTNow I decided to give it another shot, the graphics are looking nice even on planets, it is a pain to mine ore on them but that is part of the immersion, it never gets boring for me because you never actually stop thinking about ways to make your life easier or reach another spot. The DX11 is finally working and pretty optimized which is really a relief because during the transition to DX11 from DX9 was a complete nightmare of graphical glitches and poor fps.This game on solo is one of the most zen experiences you can get, as you are left alone with a blank slate to create whatever you want, if you have the wits you can make a dong shapped base with actual deposits and generators on the base (I havent made one, but I can see it happening) the creativity you can bring about in this game is amazing.The modding community is great too.I only wish they gave us a paint sprayer to change our bases without deconstructing stuffUPDATERecently I started playing privately with a friend, using my own computer as a server. I will describe my experience:I spawned in the spawn vehicle 3, a very basic vehicle with only a cockpit for oxy recharge; spent some time getting a drill on the thing and eventually got bored because it was sorta easy to survive, so I decided to go to the moon of the Earth like planet...I crashed because i was not prepared to slow down with gravity (Althoug I made upgrades in thrust they were more a handling thing instead of emergency brakes) Then I went ""Welp might as well settle down"" I work my♥♥♥♥♥♥off transferring the ship into a permanent platform and power it, eventually I made a small tunneler to dig resources out of the surface (It had its defects like not enough sustain on the sides or slow braking but it was good)After the base is habitable my friend comes in, he had the game from before just like I did but he had not adapted to the new mass or handling of the ships so I invited him to take my tunneler (My baby :( ) for a drive....He crashed it within the minute, he made a replacement and after we went out discovered stuff has to be mine in order to stay on the server...no problem.After a while I completed my welder/grinding vehicle I gave him a hand to build his new tunneler. Then he crashed again after it was done. He made a new one, the design is pretty nice and so far he has kept himself form ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly destroying it.BUT something I skipped on purpose, after he destroyed MY baby I told him ""If you fukken crash another digger I will take this drill that now spins and hits instead of just hitting, and I will dig a mineshaft all the way up your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" as we know he did, before he last disconnected I told him to come inside the airlock, bend over and through the drill we restored balance in the universe, the drilling machines had their revenge.NOTEYes I understand this game is buggy but it hasnt been game breaking for me and I managed to have a lot of fun with it. This game isnt really for everyone but those who get hooked can have a ton of fun with it"
,Recommended,244850,11274890,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,dPax | walla fralla,Really entertaining descrutction engine...
76561197988529637,Recommended,244850,8792788,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Jokhah SuperiorServers.co,Simply epic
76561198027378697,Recommended,244850,9493386,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Trent Stark,"This is an awesome game and, to my amazement, is not yet complete. This game is solid already ( as far as alphas go) and it's very smooth and playable. The price of the game is definitely worth checking it out. I already got my money's worth and then some.-Great physics-Graphics are good-Newly activated Survival Mode is awesome as hell-Multiplayer is enabled (I've done very little multiplayer thus far)-There are guns and explosions - a plus for any good game-Mining for resources (iron, uranium, gold, etc.) and then refining them to use-Building is component based-Ships are totally custom built and their handling, acceleration, deceleration, collisions change dynamically according to the ship's mass (freaking awesome)-I'm leaving out a lotThere are some bugs. (It is in alpha) Survival mode can be a bit boring at times since there is no A.I. (yet?).The controls can be a bit clunky at times, so it takes some playtime and practice to get the hang of it.Right now, this is my favorite game. I have not yet written a review for any game until now because I think the potential for this game when it is fully released is boundless. I'm getting flashbacks to the early days of minecraft!Well worth it, I suggest you try it and I don't think you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,244850,14368586,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,frisbee,"Its like, Minecraft in spacebut with less cubesand more physicsIts also way more complicated."
,Recommended,244850,14185198,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Scar,"It geart, Justin"
,Recommended,244850,9758471,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Amish Versace oats,fly a bike
,Recommended,244850,14558510,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dutch Thunder,"I really like the game so far. The only sad part is it will eventually lag when you build a too big station or too many ships. But I can understand that, since the graphics are very well made.I think every fan of free-building and sci-fi should own this game! The only limit is theskyuhh.. space."
,Recommended,244850,10054757,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Nnay,Briliant game. A great mix of eve/freelancer/minecraft/garrys mod with a stunning OST.
76561198021004132,Recommended,244850,14032176,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,philpopsapill,"If you like Minecraft or just want to play around in space, this game is great.You bring the level of complexity you're willing to deal with."
76561198090006919,Recommended,244850,14035571,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Blind Stormtrooper,i love this game but it freezes a lot very laggy and is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥in genral but i do recomend this game but only to patient people.
76561198151322643,Recommended,244850,13911480,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Captain.Willie,"This game was made for creative minds. Although its hard to start, as soon as your in this game you can build anything you imagine. This is the best buy I've made on steam!"
,Recommended,244850,18386698,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,solonis,BEST GAME EVER
76561198032867746,Recommended,244850,9784071,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Garlic Nut,This game is seriously amazing. Just everything about it is awesome.
76561198119731783,Recommended,244850,9717252,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Frakker,a fun space ship/space staition builder
,Recommended,244850,10485791,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,IncuB,Awesome fun. Now with the computer science part it is complete.Where will you stop Marek?
,Recommended,244850,10510624,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Hope,"This game is amazing! You build ships, cry when you break them, cheer whem you fix it, and feel satisfied when you land it. I feel that so far this game is definitly worth it's price, and if you enjoy basic architecure, come on in!"
,Recommended,244850,10492590,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Nasxh,Fun try give it a shot
76561197971206509,Recommended,244850,27133590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Woodchuck,"If you're into space simulators and sandbox crafting games this is literally as good as it gets. True speed and physics based space movement and damage and a map size so vast it would literally take years to fly from one end to the other without the use of the recently added jump drive.  Started with basic asteroid fields, now they've included entire planets, the game just keeps growing.  Start playing and sure enough a huge update comes in that totally throws a spanner in the works for your survival experience yet only making it better.  Brilliant and complex crafting system with no set blueprints on what you can build ship or station wise, very much like minecraft in that respect except you can fly, drive or interact with your creations beyond simple lights and doors. Highly recommended."
76561198174697577,Recommended,244850,27149015,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MadHatz,"if you love building games, get a friend too buy this game... andddd you will end up play for A LONG TIMEplease help me to get this game THE ""JUST 5 MORE MINUTES"" AWARD Thanks :)"
,Recommended,244850,28642184,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,♥♫Syberfoxen♪♥,Best space game ever! :3
76561198034979969,Recommended,244850,7570325,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,MadHaTr,"This game has huge massive potential. Building spacestations and spaceships is so simple.  I think  as long as they allow modders to do whatever they can possibly think of there will be no stoping this game.2017 July Edit:  The SE has come a long way since my original review.  So many new things have been added, so many fixes making it so much more playable.   Also mods!  So many mods to chose from these days; more and more continue to show up in steam workshop."
76561198009920696,Recommended,244850,33614021,Posted: 17 July,all,Gohanz,"I am a huge fan of sandbox games, where I can let my imagination and creativity loose, Space Engineers is a game that I bought on sale back before newyear and started playing a few month later. Ever since i have enjoyed a ""few"" hours every now and then of this game.What I love about this game is the way I can finally build my own spaceship, with but a few limitations, and create massive stardestroyers like you see in certain si-fi movies. This game has keept me awake at night thinking what to build next and how? (ruined my sleep quite a few often).Although I love this game sooo much, and can write a long report about how great I think it is, it will give you quite a lot of trouble. Here are some reasons why:1. New updates give new content, but often followed by bugs that can render the game unplayable for a while.2. Multiplayer, while its cool to have ship to ship battles, the stress on the computer is so high that its  nearly impossible to play together with friends. (requiers a powerfull pc).3. Even with a powerhouse of a PC, you will properly still experince a lot of lag and bugs, because the game is not finished and the multiplayer part overall dosen't work very well.3. The weaponry: the vanilla game requiers more weapons for big ships. This can however be fixed with mods, which I personally prefer not to use.And last but not least4. It will take up way to much of your time.Best 10€ I've ever spent :D"
,Recommended,244850,17628293,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Sir Will Fox,"This game is for every b*****d who wants to make a ship, fly it around, and have it be quite realistic. You make a ship, you fly it, you mine, you survive, or you can just be in 'creative mode' and explore an infinitely generated world of asteroids and enemy ships. Though, without your friends and a little friendly competition, one could say it's overly complicated, and one could also say it's quite boring.For me, this game is very much quite fun and enjoyable, and don't forget workshop mods (there's lots of them, and they improve gameplay quite a bit). Loading times are a little hard to compensate for, but mounting mods takes nearly no time at all and multiplayer runs well. I have only crashed on this game a couple of times in all the time I've had it, and it has autosave features + ship saving."
76561198041703688,Recommended,244850,24847432,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Agix,Great game. Development seems to be coming along. Cannot play due to NETT upgrades - basically need new Windows and PC.Perhaps the most satisifying thing is that every single thing you built you did so block by block. No short cuts (unless you roll that way). Planets are a great addition too.
,Recommended,244850,24850268,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TrentonDerek,Very fun. Has some bugs and lags when ships are to big but it is still playable
76561198102297762,Recommended,244850,7965305,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,jram117,"It's like minecraft in space and has so much potential love this game,"
76561198135285063,Recommended,244850,17727005,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Alazynorthener,"For an early access game this game has tons of content and mods available. The two modes of the game (survival and creative) are both pretty fleshed out. The game is constantly being updated adding new content and fixing bugs. Devs are good at listening to the community and developing the game as requested, but still staying true to the core mechanics and feel of the game."
,Recommended,244850,19127425,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Aмαуcнαη ♥,Cool game!
,Recommended,244850,31074520,Posted: 11 April,all,Mr Shadow,Very fun with friends but little bit boring by yourself
,Recommended,244850,31083298,Posted: 11 April,all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"I'm giving this a half-hearted thumbs up. The game itself is enjoyable my time in the game should tell you that much. It's just that the problems with this game are SO numerous.The connection in this game is horrible. I don't even play multiplayer I just connected with at one given time 3 of my friends and one of them could hardly play and kept spawning so far away he would spend 30 minutes arriving to where we were lagging all the way.It takes SO long to do anything. After the first 20 or so hours of gameplay, which was mostly just figuring it out and messing around, I actually started on a single save file. 95% of the rest of my time is building just ONE (albeit large) base. A good portion of that was welding literal hundreds of steel blocks. Another good portion was simply sitting in a mining ship collecting resources. You literally just press the up arrow so your ship keeps going into ore deposits found in asteroids. Depending on the storage space in your (mining) ship you can literally just keep pressing that one one button for 10 minutes or more and it is absolutely bloody boring. Then of course you to wait for it to go through a refinery.Balancing seems a little bit off in terms of resources. I've been on several maps that had absolutely NO uranium (power) within 30km. I actually went 5km away from base and used the host cheat menu to spawn an asteroid which luckily had it (it could have just as easily not). It did take about 5 minutes for the asteroid to spawn in but that's not bad considering what I was doing. On the plus side: You can spawn in asteroids. SO COOL!I don't mind other games where players can come around and just mess up you're base. But with Space Engineers you're not talking one or even three hours of hard work. You're talking twenty or more (and let's be honest since it takes so long you won't get anywhere just joining a different lobby any day). That is FAR too much. To the point I don't even bother with multiplayer only for someone whose been on the server longer to discover me and just ruin everything.Pros: But they're not just good they're GOODThe absolute NUMBER ONE thing about this game isn't so much as what it has to offer but what you do with it. How much you get out of this game is entirely dependant on what you put in. If you just play it Iguaranteeyou will have moments where you program a hatch on your large ship incorrectly and it tears itself off along with a hunk of your ship and hurtle off into deep space. Or experimenting with space torpedoes and honestly anything else where you're building, experimenting, failing, and going back to the drawing board. The appeal of Space Engineers is exactly that, it makes you feel like an engineer. And with the expansive scripting system in place you can build just about anything you want and if it so happens you can't it's virtually inescapable you can improvise if you try hard enough.So even with all the drawbacks I'm going to give this a 7/10 if playing alone. 8/10 if you're with friends. And a temporary 9/10 if you're doing something gloriously stupid. What you put into this game really defines what you get out of it."
76561198002622864,Recommended,244850,11836104,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Caboose Almighty,"Hate to use the term, but this is like minecraft in space. Which overall means that its a good buy, new shiny toys are released every week and they seem to always add something what they players want / need. Could do with optimising for performance but is shaping up to be a good game so far."
76561198038934868,Recommended,244850,11298849,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Overlord Skeletor,Even though it is Early Access. I believe this game has the potential to become a cult classic. The freedom and creativity are amazing and it updates weekly. A must have for those of you who enjoy sandbox based games.
76561198056782452,Recommended,244850,17097492,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,hooch,"Now that I've played Space Engineers for a couple of hours, I think it's time for a review..Pros:+ Explore Space!+ Build Spaceships!+ Drill Holes Through Asteroids!+ Die From Lack of Oxygen!+ Die From Lack of Energy!++ Take Off Your Helmet in The Vacuum of Space! And Die!+ PLANETS SOON!!!+ Absolutely Massive ""Worlds""+ Weekly Updates/Fixes (Every Thurs)+ Great Modding Community+ Responsive DevsCons:-- Lacking Optimization HARD- It Can Get Lonely in Space....SummarySpace Engineers is a game about building spaceships, mining resources from asteroids, and generally surviving in space. The sky is the limit with innovation and in-game programming, and it's definitely a lot of fun.Would I recommend it? Yes, definitely, but only to those people who are really intrigued and don't mind putting up with sometimes overwhelming optimization issues.Read the full review on my website!http://pcgamehaven.com/space-engineers-review/"
76561198008795112,Recommended,244850,9030299,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DJRedeye,"awesome game... I never played miner wars or minecraft, but I now love vox games... while there is still a long way to go before  Space Engineers is completed, what has been added so far is great, and each update brings a new amazing feature. I would strongly urge you to buy this game now, as it will be a cult classic once it is released :)"
76561198032620748,Recommended,244850,9819180,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,King Ðoge Prima Inu,"Space physics simulator 2014, Much good, Very crash."
76561198096399939,Recommended,244850,11138783,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,_B e t r a y a l_,THIS GAME IS AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
,Recommended,244850,12475766,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tidus Klein（唐龙）,"By far one of the few games with the replay ability to keep you coming for more.Right up there with kerbal space, and minecraft.A must have."
,Recommended,244850,11582289,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Seth Eagleton,thiz gam iz c00l
,Recommended,244850,14551077,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,yungmully,lel
,Recommended,244850,9744498,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Trevor,I accidently my ship. In a ton of places. Quite badly.11.5/10
76561198024509130,Recommended,244850,9298535,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,JengarR,good
76561198042589475,Recommended,244850,8986307,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Ossas,Brings your inner architect out. Great game.
76561198061657080,Recommended,244850,8924323,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,sarmed,It's a great spaceship building/exploding game.
,Recommended,244850,8945284,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Namarie,Space engineers is absolutly amazing
,Recommended,244850,8949588,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Generallee883,good game
,Recommended,244850,8978803,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Minemoder,Kaboom
76561198052784162,Recommended,244850,8998337,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Killian,Really needs multiplayer foor minecraft in space
,Recommended,244850,8916675,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Jorak,AMAZING GAME FOR ENGINEERING AND CREATION
,Recommended,244850,9253085,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Gaunter Goliath,"I've never found a game with such spot on space physiscs, and it's still early access so it can only get better."
,Recommended,244850,9259702,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Stink Pickle,"hours of fun, make something and smash it in to other things, what could be better."
76561198045741471,Recommended,244850,9045529,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Fred,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!Even though this game is in alpha I really do enjoy it and I really look forward to see how it will develop personally I think it got so much potential. Not only am I able to fly around in spaceships I can also make one myself. And if I dont have time for that I can just browse the workshop.The first hour I played this game I became angry with myself for wasting money on it, but after playing it and learning how it works and how to move without gravity I found it better and better. Normally I don´t play that much, but in this game time flies very fast. If you do not know wther to buy this game or not I got the answer for you: If you like Starwars, Star Trek or Minecraft just a little BUY IT! It wont be long before people fly around in huge spaceships trying to blow each other into dust."
,Recommended,244850,9226462,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dazz Lightgear,Worth erry cent
,Recommended,244850,9235976,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ant34,"I recomend this game, got lost in space 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9241706,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,CamNFG,This game is awesome for such early on in developement.
76561197973981046,Recommended,244850,9040152,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Psy,"This game is already really awesome! Of course it needs polishing, of course it needs more parts to build with. However, that being said, this game is heading in a great direction. Watch out KSP, you have some competition for my time!"
76561197971004526,Recommended,244850,8928869,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,AnotherNightOwl,"This game is great. It has multiplayer, a world generator, guns, armor, and much much more. i would reccomend this game for people who like survival games and the creative aspect of things."
,Recommended,244850,9404347,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SouthPaw (Logs),"I think this game has great potential, but in its current state, as alpha, it will need some basics like getting supplies for your stuff instead of just spawning it in."
,Recommended,244850,9494984,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Zeon76,this game lets you build♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and ram them into other♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,244850,9498188,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Tox,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
,Recommended,244850,9464046,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Hex,"Amidst the mountains of debris and multiplayer ship ramming carnage emerges a new crafting and survival game. Space Engineers. The first few steps into this empty world will have you scratching at your head as you try to create a vessel to take you from point A to point B. A few hours later into this magnificent game and you will realise the sheer architectural potential this game offers. From tug ships to space stations to gravity propelled warhead launchers, Space Engineer's complex physics driven engine provides a space for every builder. Space Engineers offers players the casual ""creative"" mode in which you can build to your hearts content and the newly released ""survival"" mode.  Survival mode, as the name states, forces you to survive in the inhospitable stygian vacuum that is space. Mining for the ore required to build ship components, assembling pieces for your project and keeping your suits jetpack and life support systems charged are essential pracitces in order to ensure your survival in the new game mode. Although this game is still at a relatively early stage in its development it offers hours, days or even weeks of enjoyment for the casual builder or the hardcore survivalist. For only $14.99 this game pays for itself."
76561198069350614,Recommended,244850,8481872,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Viper116,this game is bad♥♥♥♥♥and its only a baby when it grows up it will be epic
,Recommended,244850,10305105,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Dixie Normous,"this game is, in my opinion far better than any survial space game out there"
76561197996319603,Recommended,244850,13637660,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[memeclan] Memelord,Being a huge fan of space and stuff I immidiately took an interest to this game. Don't remember the last time I spent so much time on a single game.
,Recommended,244850,28777428,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,yaqub el-salad,"updated review for Beta phase. at least for my experience, other players' experience might vary. . .+ New textures redesign for every block. (most looks great, disliked 1-2 blocks new looks).+ Performance is definitely noticeably better.+ Sound is more badass now (realistic and action)+ MP works better now. Less lag and more stable.+ Campaign is great. Learning how to play again with some story on it. (with some minor bugs).+ in-game voice chat- some block still clips and get destroyed when turning too hard.- loading screen some times took longer than usual."
76561198341210858,Recommended,244850,28661338,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Heritic hero,Worth every penny!      GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,244850,25194026,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Johnathon,"It's like No TransGlobularFemaleWolfKinMan's Sky but better.Disclaimer: Sorry if I left out your pronoun, I just tried my best not to trigger anyone. I would now like to take the time to add #TW #Meninsm #TriggerWarning to my post.Thank you.No really, the fact the devs of this game open sourced it just goes to show how awesome it is, you can actually contribute to it beyond the workshop and it teaches people programming with its moddable core in game as well. Thank you for maing a wonderful game!"
,Recommended,244850,28615587,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,一只有理想的技术宅,"A good game for me. Just like the Minecraft in Space.But I think it will better with more languages, like Chinese.I'm a US student studing in Lan Zhou, China.And my classmates also like it. With Chinese, SE can have a big market I think.That's all."
76561198205023235,Recommended,244850,28683869,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JoshuaBarton,"Space Engineers, I have only spent 20 hours on you but in that 20 hours I have fallen in love with this game.From floating in the empty void of space to driving a rover into an enemy base on an alien planet, this game gives you the ability to build whatever you desire (no, not a girlfriend). This game will more than likely want you to build a huge cruiser for tons of players but end up playing alone for survival can be anoying, on the plus side there is creative mode, a mode where you have unlimmited amount of fuel, energy, health, ammo, the lot where you can create whatever without needing rare resources.Then there is survival, a game mode where you may be either alone or with some friends surviving the empty cavern of space hoping some aggressive players do not spot you or to survive on a spider filled planet to then struggle to leave the planets gravitational pull, this game mode things are limited and you will find times you are out of resources, air, energy or even a ship.The prosYou can build anything that comes to mindSteam Workshop and ModsAn endless mapPiratesWolves and SpidersSPACESHIPSThe consSurvival is hard, if you can even get a lobby to workIf you play single player it gets lonelyPlanets are insanely hard to enter (and survive) and exitHonestly this is one of the best games I have ever played and will spend many more hours playing this game9/10"
76561198042715551,Recommended,244850,27781904,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spartan 118,"I've had this game for almost 3 years now? Used to play it daily. They still update it and bring more features in weekly, and I love that. I still come back to play it from time to time, especially when a new update comes on. :)"
76561198276032456,Recommended,244850,29123732,Posted: 8 January,all,BamaTrooper2,the game is grate but there are some bugs that need to be fixed.the game likes to crash and if you try to load a game with safty block limets turnd off it will crash and the wrold will not load untill block limets are turnd on
,Recommended,244850,29227174,Posted: 13 January,all,Khaos,Just buy it. Countless hours of fun.
,Recommended,244850,28129985,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,frankboycher,"You can make many, many things!"
,Recommended,244850,27762662,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sprxwizard,A great that the keeps getting better. Love playing this game from time to time. Cant wait to see how the devs go with the rest of this game.
,Recommended,244850,25461710,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Viktor Novikov,hey its pretty good
76561198157425131,Recommended,244850,29883860,Posted: 12 February,all,YourMomsWinky,the best space game as of right now. Both the survival and creative modes bring their own unique expeiences to the table and it creates amazing and fun scenarios. Get this with a freind and you'll have a great time
,Recommended,244850,9535987,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,GalacticVerge,A great and inventive game. I will love to see this game develop and flourish into a diverse mainstream game in the future!
,Recommended,244850,28736299,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Draggins,I haven't played it very much but its very detailed. also space 9/11
,Recommended,244850,28749769,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PlantedPine,"OK, first things first, this game is COMPLICATED AT FIRST, believe me if you've never played a good science and physics game set to show you what it would be like to work with space ships and stations then damn your gonna be overwhelmed, the devolopers need to work on this game still and i hope they do continue, they used to not have planets XD, anyways reccomend this game to any sci-fi person who into physics and building spaceships (PS! PLAY THE CAMPAIGN!)"
,Recommended,244850,28717298,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SNAJOO,Get. This. Game.10/10 IGN
76561198034887319,Recommended,244850,29227506,Posted: 13 January,all,Thunderfartman,"Explosions, EVERYTHING CAN BE DESTROYED!!!!"
,Recommended,244850,29237803,Posted: 13 January,all,CaptainODST,GREAT game sure there are a few isues but non the less its a beta with A INSANE amount of stuff
,Recommended,244850,28484986,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Luca the dry humored girlfriend,"Creative mode is awesome, survival mode is still a bit meh because it lacks a lot of survival / planetary exploration aspect. But overall a really great game, love it, been following it for years since alpha from before it had planets."
,Recommended,244850,28228353,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,elektro,"After more than three years of progression and regression, elation and frustration, promise and peripeteia, this incredible game is finally, finally, finally worthy of recommendation....almost. Proper multiplayer Soon™."
,Recommended,244850,9791323,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Freak - Charles,"Well, I do lag a bit since it is a huge world and my computer isn't so buff.But the gameplay is amazing building your own ship and all.However, I just can't play it personally even though I hit the minimal.So if you are above the minimal just a bit, I do not reccomend this game.BUTIf you have the specs, then go ahead and download this game.It is amazing. Then again, I didn't play it very long.It does have this cool game flavor though."
,Recommended,244850,9656720,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,ONE MAN HOMOCAUST,gud gam
76561198027435662,Recommended,244850,10372368,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Jack Be'Flippen,"Space Legos and Mincraft had a child.Minecraft is to houses as SP is to building stations, moon bases, and space ships from fighters to super huge that you can pilot for a multitude of tasks.Multipayer will be more fun once they make it a bit more stable. build ships and stations and pit them against eachother.crative mode where you can let your mind explode into space."
76561198017759083,Recommended,244850,9927447,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Velocirapper,not racist
76561198175769574,Recommended,244850,17219932,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Huey's Kitchen,"Fun game, however more could be done to improve fps in game."
,Recommended,244850,7700698,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Badmrtickls,Buy this It has physics
,Recommended,244850,19086772,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Zero334,"It is early access but that being said, overlooking the bugs which are outshadowed by the great potential and developing gameplay. Good to get in on it early. The only negative point at the time of this reveiw is that it needs smoothing out for multiplayer, fine tuning if you will for game performance."
,Recommended,244850,12442477,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dr. Sparx,"Build any spaceship/station you can think of, heck you can even build a tank or a solar power plant. Then blow up other peoples creations or just become a massive mining corporation. What's more to like?"
,Recommended,244850,10892992,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Saucy,gave us what they promised
,Recommended,244850,10843905,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,scruff mcgruff,"The programmers seem dedicated to making this game high quality. Minecraft in space, epic."
,Recommended,244850,28146259,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Glue Stick,Fun in creative just building your ship and messing about but gets boring after a few ships. So survival is a bit hard unless you have a beefy pc to do the planets and stuf but one thing that I wish they would add is like AI thats human that will attack you.
,Recommended,244850,7936877,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,P0w3r_1337,"A must buy, not kidding"
,Recommended,244850,13415496,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Poobah Gorg,"So far I'm amazed. I've spent the last few hours constructing and modifying a mining ship design I found on YouTube. I probably could've built it in minutes had I been a bit more used to the controls (and functioning in a 3D movement system.  Now I'm flying and mining with it! Most definitely worth the $10 I paid for it. Had I known I'd love it this much I'd have paid the full $20 happily. The UI is a bit confusing in spots, and there's a somewhat steep learning curve. Worth the time to figure it out, and there's lots of different ways to play the game so that just about anyone could find something to enjoy in it. Design ships, build them (piece by piece from resources you gather, in Survival mode), fly them, fight off pirates, become a pirate, fight wars in space! I've heard you can even build race cars. The universe is your sandbox!"
76561198064811539,Recommended,244850,7993206,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Arctic The Wolf,"The game is very beuatiful. The ability to change the enviroment around you by crashing and mining into things is amazing. The  physics engine is wonderful. What else can I say. Its a well done game with a few hicups, but its only in alpha so its expected. If you like crashing into things by building the ultimate vehical then this games for you. Man. This game has so much potential. Maybe when multiplayer comes out, you could have ship wars, and mass mining operation so you can get resources. Maybe planetary war and planetary defense. The possibilities are endless. Great game!"
76561198033383770,Recommended,244850,9833871,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Havoc,"Great game, ton of fun. Has a lot of potential, just waiting on those dedicated server files."
76561197975122590,Recommended,244850,22780695,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Redsonjahead,great Game
76561198024580639,Recommended,244850,7483645,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Martinineter,"This game is AWESOME, new content every week, awesome MP, lots of creativity, many explosions, ships, guns, designs and moooooore!"
,Recommended,244850,11189263,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,[CSGC] Turok,Great game-Frequent content add in's-Quick to fix game breaking bugs-Endless future updatesWish there was more settings for graphics
,Recommended,244850,12304021,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ORANG,this game is the bologna on the bologna sandwich!!!
,Recommended,244850,24404412,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,amitagames,Very good game but development version better than stable beacuse of you get bugfixes earlier than stable branch and more mods are very good but sometimes very strange bugsare coming throught
76561198072299840,Recommended,244850,11914566,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TeleViper,this game is amazing!
,Recommended,244850,10281839,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Anora Peart,good game loving it
76561198119958351,Recommended,244850,13301112,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,justin.indiana.hart,This game is awesome
76561198076254924,Recommended,244850,9936865,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Wadayalookinat,"Ok, first off, I know that the game is still in alpha. A really good alpha though. I have some mixed opinions about it. I do think you should buy it if you have friends to play with. It is like a million times better with friends. It is very boring alone. You can always join a public server, so if you like playing with random strangers, the option is there. If you think a sandbox game in space would entertain you, keep reading.Gameplay: You choose if you want to play survival or creative, choose a setting and then you start playing. You can also choose your inventory size, turn on regenerating health, thruster damage, etc. You then start playing. There is no real goal in this game, but that is fine with me. ou can do pretty much anything at your own phase. First thing you notice is that the controlls take a while to get used to, but yo can change them, so its okay. Then you can build ships, mine minerals, shoot stuff, start wars, build space stations and whatewer. The ship building is quite simple. In creative, you can just place a block, nothing complicated, but in survival, you place a block, get certain parts you need to build it, then get your welder and you build the block. repeat 200 times and your ship is made. Grats. Ships can be used for a lot of things. I made a space bus, for example, and a mining ship. Speaking of mining, there are two options. With a hand drill or a ship drill. The hand drill is like the worst. Sure, you can dig cool cavesand all, but if you wanna just mine for minerals, you have to mine the ore, which is slow, and then you have to grab the floating ore. Unless you ahve a gravity generator on the asteroid. The ship drill is much better. It handles worse, it is faster and stores ores instantly however. Dont even try using the hand drill. Now the jetpack. You turn around with the mouse, you fly up with space (jump) and down with c (crouch). the jetpack can go like 100 meters per second, but it ahs really bad accelration. It is basically a ship strapped to your back, since it controlls exactly the same.Graphics: Graphics do not look that bad, I seen worse looking games, but this game is still in alpha, so there is no use in complaining. However, some texture are glitching up, turning to negative sometimes (Purple iron ROFL) and some are unfinished. But at least the characters and the basic blocks look nice. You can change colors of blocks, but not of your engineer. I am green, for example, but my friend is once blue, once yellow, etc. If you are not the admin of the server, you will change colors each time you join the game. So the graphics are alright. (DISCLAMER, THE GAME IS IN ALPHA STATE)Music: Turn it off. It's irritating and disturbes your voice chat.So, that's it for now. Here was my review of space engineers alpha. I would give it a 3.5/5 and not because of the graphics, but because of the gameplay purely. The game is unfinished, and I know there will be updates that will fix it, but for now, it will get that. (DO NOT TAKE MY REVIEW SERIOUSLY, ITS JUST MY OPINION)BONUS: I have found a weird bug, that if you run in caves or on stairs, you suddenly die for no reason. Please fix that."
,Recommended,244850,10137611,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Agentnck,I think this is such a great game!!!!! The only limit to what you can build is what your computer can handle. No block limit or normal gravity is wwhat makes this game so great!
,Recommended,244850,11552480,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Commander Jake Sulli,It be awesome bros
76561198114343843,Recommended,244850,8607809,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kommandant Kartoffel,THIS GAME IS EPIC!!! You can build giant ships or just screw around!!!!!!!!!!!!11
,Recommended,244850,8968870,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ModernLionArt,"I used to play this game a bit TOO much, but at the moment I've lost interest for the most part. It can be really fun if you play it the right way (mostly with friends, which doesn't always work well), but it gets boring pretty quickly."
76561198085174920,Recommended,244850,16528467,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Assfoot,"Man ♥♥♥♥ this guy named Inertia, next time I see him I'm going to break his face"
,Recommended,244850,13829526,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Matazar,Build your own spaceship from scratch. Great fun with friends. Definitely worth it. Watch the tutorials before you play though.
76561198066756466,Recommended,244850,12641931,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Scornstar,"The game is excellent. As far as sandoxes go. Its like having infinite digital legos. Their forums are the worst. I joined asked a question about NPCs added a poll.It got edited.Asked why it was edited, my post got locked.Posted again to re ask my original question and locked again.All with no word from the moderator.My question remains unanswered and I dont know the dev's directional choice or if they are even open to suggestion since I was unwelcome there. Just had to share what is the all time worst use of moderator powers I have ever seen."
76561198068902729,Recommended,244850,11468386,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,lickofcows,"This game is one of the most enjoyable games I own. The weekly updates never fail to dissapoint, even if they are just optimization updates. Every thursday I fell like a kid on christmas. Definitely worth the money."
76561197992750447,Recommended,244850,9140558,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Spoon996,This game is like playing with legos... in space!
,Recommended,244850,14478069,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,夏,I built a space station then I crashed a TARDIS with an embedded warhead into it. Ripped a hole through time and space. 10/10 would kill hitler again.
,Recommended,244850,12108674,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tyronicals,"Spawned on planet. Built planet base. Flew away from planet base in search of other planets. Discovered mysterious planet. Built mysterious planet base. Alarms go off, run outside, GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING SPIDER KILLS ME. 11/10"
76561198025166431,Recommended,244850,12452912,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Pegleg,"Just bought this game stayed up for 8 hours playing it for the free weekend last night, IT IS AMAZING. I built a large drill for my mining ship then accidentally disconnected it, as I watched it fly away while crying my whole face off I realized that the game had a handy dandy auto-save feature that saved my game literally seconds before I disconnected the drill from my ship. This game is amazing with friends especially in survival when they dont have enough resouces to blow up the spaceship you've been building, or being able to crash their massive ship into your half- built space station.10/10 would rage again"
,Recommended,244850,12482249,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,LimpArms McGee,"Ten things to do (or not) in Space Engineers:1. Build a giant spaceship with no way to steer it.2. Involuntarily destroy an entire space station with aforementioned giant space ship.3. Go online with some friends, join a survival server.4. Take some pre-built Respawn Ships, try to fuse them together to make giant ship.5. Have griefer come with large custom ship and slam into your double-ship.6. Have both of your ships go flinging into space at hundreds of miles per second.7. Spend the next 4 hours of gametime jetpackin' through space looking for your ships.8. Ultimately give up or run out of energy, suffocate in space and die.9. If you have leftover energy, commit suicide.10. Respawn."
76561198087580706,Recommended,244850,13219126,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ajaj895,"I do like this game. It's a fun space sandbox, building asteroid stations, ships, and stealing npc ships for no reason. The things you can build are endless. However in survival, it takes a long time for one person to build a big ship. But I would reccomend it to others that like space, or sandbox games."
76561198079309942,Recommended,244850,10009908,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,[King] Morrison,"Space Engineers is a build,crash,explode type free-roam-game.Where you either use the pre-built ships or build your own,then you crash it into asteroids,other ships or batter it with meteors that come from randomly generated meteor showers."
,Recommended,244850,10029079,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,[HT][SRTBD]Robocreator223,"Wow. Just wow. This game is pretty amazing. I mean sure, it does need a ok computer. A graphics may be needed, it just depends on how good your built in graphics are. If they're good, you might be ok.  Anyway, it an amzaing game. Pretty realistic. This could be the future of the human race. Besides the fact that a few things break the laws of phyics...but it's just a game, and a damn good one too."
,Recommended,244850,9976373,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,007elite11,this is  game is amazering it is truly one of my favorites but the controls are a bit funkey
76561198032617052,Recommended,244850,10079114,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,76561193737649756,"Yus, too bad it runs slow on my hp pavilion from 2012."
,Recommended,244850,10089906,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Acre2234,Its fun. Try Armageddon Cataylsm No auto heal. Have fun.
,Recommended,244850,10367602,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,RLK,Its SPACEITS BUILDINGITS AMAZIN.10/10
,Recommended,244850,10375989,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Nilop,awesome game
76561197968013991,Recommended,244850,10387408,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Bokonon,Fun as hell and updated constantly. That's Early Access Gold.
76561198063430334,Recommended,244850,10241822,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Vadenveil,it as fun in depth game that makes you feel like a real engineer and is the closest ive felt to working for nasa
76561198035608657,Recommended,244850,10307638,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Diesel,This game is fantastic!!! Runs really well and has undergone a lot of improvements. Sure to get better in the future.
,Recommended,244850,14047245,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Bluwolf,"If you like sandbox games, like space and creativity your going to love this game space engineers is like (not offence if you hate this game) Minecraft except not. This is a simulation game but though you gather materials to build Epic Looking Ships and if you dont want to go and do all the mining and ect. Just go in creative and build to your wildest dreams.I Give this game a 9/10 Cause it is So EPIC!!!"
76561198146025017,Recommended,244850,13989010,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,OhHowIWishICouldAim,"Amazing game. Made giant cube and flew around being derpy. There are SO many things you can build, and the Devs release new updates every thursday. Imagine Minecraft plus robocraft, but instead of building houses and robots you build anything you want. Just check out the workshop if you are interested.57493/10"
,Recommended,244850,13914864,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,BURDAZZA (K.D.Z.F),it's a very awsome game i recommend this game to anyone who has a sense of creativety
,Recommended,244850,13881215,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,ThirdDinner,You can fling yourself at a giant Cruiser at 250mphphysics/10 would buy again
76561198154987439,Recommended,244850,14857435,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,UniZed,"I seriosly enjoy Building Giant Creations... Then Blowing them upA fun game with a good soundtrackI would say... Teeeen outta Teeen, But there are some issues with framerate8/10"
,Recommended,244850,9203331,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Assorted Pastries,thsi game is really the best game in the world
76561198058117473,Recommended,244850,9203589,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Doom-Dude,It Is Awesome10/10Minecraft meets Space AND FANTASTIC PHYSICS
,Recommended,244850,9185434,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,40.,Minecraft mixed with a little G-mod in space! 10/10 love every second of this game. The damage system is elite above the rest. You can literally punch holes in buildings and spaceships with rockets drills or ramming. THIS GAME IS ALMOST TOOOO GOOOD. Im scared ya'lllll.
,Recommended,244850,9186522,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ui,awsome game but i was wondering if you could add a star and planets that people can orbit and land on other than that i think this is the best game ive bought so far
76561198034935977,Recommended,244850,9190136,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kim Jong Un,"They should add an NPC system for a survival mode. Like space bandits or aliens that attack your stuff, so you have to make defenses.planets would be cool to have too. maybe an ever generating world that keeps expanding the more you explore.If you really want to get crazy, it would be cool if you could randomly wander into other people's games by exploring further out, maybe a feud system as well in case you and your friends and server get in a war with another server.Pretty addicting for a ""creative mode"" only game though."
76561198049369859,Recommended,244850,9177476,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,darthnitro (Away),I greatly recommend Space Engineers because you can build a massive battleship for hours and then either ram it into an asteroid or make a tiny ship with a rocket launcher and obliterate it. The physics and damage model are really realistic so you can see the full extent of the damage you've caused to a ship. The multiplayer is good but it needs a lot more work till it will beas good as other similar multiplayer games. It give Space Engineers 8.5/10
,Recommended,244850,9134272,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,tacoburger [MM],explosions
,Recommended,244850,9157054,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Skrülåg,Fun space game but is not for a weak pc. 8/10
,Recommended,244850,9055287,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Batman,yes
76561197973441956,Recommended,244850,10017309,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Da'Nuty,Really awesome game!
,Recommended,244850,10019532,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,boredbass,LOVE IT
,Recommended,244850,10077406,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Evanito,"Years after the zombie apocalypse, we see the engineers that fled earth to build a bastion in space.Watch them mine, shoot down metorites, and wait for hours while they do tedious repetitive tasks that make them feel badass.Watch them band together in multiplayer, and watch the dozens of starter ships create graveyards ravaged by looting noobs.Watch the noobs be nooby, really nooby. Seriously, noobs are a plague in this game.Please enable factions so I can shoot away the noobs, devs.Please.Dont let my starter ship get looted while im still in it anymore.RIP starter ship: Born 2014 - Died 1.3 minutes later.I love single player though, advanced automatic computers would profit this game immensely, as it does get admittedly incredibly tedious to do alone.Eleventy out of ten. Cant wait for new features"
,Recommended,244850,10009785,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Nolag,...
76561197964713678,Recommended,244850,9800738,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Joostoned,SPACE!
,Recommended,244850,9877764,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Dygar,"Been playing for a few days and I am LOVING it. It reminds me so much of Minecraft but this time a more complex building system, very good destruction physics and the best part, zero gravity. Solo can be very fun as well as nerve racking, but once you co-op with a partner, you never want to quit playing."
76561198040087927,Recommended,244850,9885497,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Sir Nootuxious,At first I was all like this is so empty... Until I had a bro to play it with. We survived flaming roids to ze end.... I dont know how to put it but this game is more awesome than it looks!
76561198057896755,Recommended,244850,9757950,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Hey You,Sexy and free! (But not free)
,Recommended,244850,9358760,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,"Brassica Prime, God of Cabbages","Best Sci-fi Sandbox game, i have so much anticipation!"
,Recommended,244850,9867561,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,paveway248,Ok I have had this game for almost 3 years now and i can say it has replay value. I played for a bit after I got it but put it down and let it mature some while in early access. Once it went to beta I was back in it and have logged another 100+ hours. Early on i stayed away from multiplayer but I can say they have fixed alot of the network issues. I am back playing multiplayer and loving it.I really look forward to what they have in store during beta.
,Recommended,244850,9590828,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Tntt987™,Awesome!
76561198060619823,Recommended,244850,13286511,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mr. Kynez,It's like minecraft in space. That doesn't sum it up completely but it's the best description I can give.
,Recommended,244850,13531649,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dr.strangelove,very fun and addictive game play
,Recommended,244850,12631325,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Etheran,JUST THE BEST
,Recommended,244850,12169141,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Thriftie,dear gawd yas
76561198101181373,Recommended,244850,12280158,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,djwerndly,"Space Engineers takes science fiction sandbox gameplay to the next level. The almost unlimited customisation and creation options are brilliant but what makes the game even greater is the fervently active modding community, and the developpers' openness and support of the modding community.Definitely try it out if you have time, it is not extremely graphics heavy, but you can experience a lower frame rate on less capable machines."
,Recommended,244850,12060803,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,JoshyDEWstive,"BEST GAME EVER!Its not like the other games where you HAVE to do something to be able to unlock stuff, its all in your hands."
76561198028278445,Recommended,244850,11569748,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,xXx_DEZTRUKTOR95_xXx,"Very good game, much rating approved."
,Recommended,244850,13268956,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,DivineChili,This is the best space game I've ever played! I higly recommend this game to every space gamers!
,Recommended,244850,11906086,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,dodo,like the movie gravity but with out george clooney but a couple of space pirates instaed 10/10
76561198083746118,Recommended,244850,14454252,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Iron Chef Russia,Day one Killed myself with a welder. Day two hit a astroid and blew up my ship. Day three didn't look at my energy derp. Day four threw my pc out the window. still the best game do (:
76561198121675998,Recommended,244850,11569386,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Vee,"1st thing I did was start a survival world and build a ship. Something has happened to every one of my ships. Here is what happened.Mark I-Box ship that took me hours to make... Got hit by meteor...Mark II-Not a box and took less time to make, but I wondered what would happen to my unfinished ship if I removed the landing gear and bumped into it. It floated away.Mark III-Great ship and had a very used drill. Crashed it into space station...Mark IV-Mining ship with 2 drills. Wondered what would happen if I built a turrent on my base... Had to abandon it to get back to the base.Mark V-Fighter that ran out of fuel and floated away.. again..Really fun game with hours of fun. Will be playing this for a long time in the future.9.7/10"
,Recommended,244850,13902111,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SuperGecko,A fun game that even noobs can enjoy WITH AWSEOME CRASH PYHICS
,Recommended,244850,13796680,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[PUG] Carson,dis gayum is mlg swagalischous 3d full destruction mlg ship battles m8 8/7 IGN
,Recommended,244850,12464334,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Silver106,Pretty fun game
76561198062405648,Recommended,244850,12469188,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tylerevanberry,Easily cooler than my family. Seriously though hard to get started hard to stop.
76561198035577808,Recommended,244850,13021093,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,shelob72,"As an early access game this game has already stolen many hours, i think many people out there has looked for a game where physics are realistic( no 100ft wall dash type physics). The crafting in this game is awsome reminding me of a minecraft in space. As i have played through and added many awsome mods to this game easily making this a great player centerd game, only problem i have had so far is that the cargo ships are all enemy (no player supply vessels inbound) and always running around in a suit making you character something like a biohuman (but then again thnx to players and developers there are many mods like these out there) all in in all i cant wait for final release and am very glad i bought this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,244850,13506638,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WOLF,I like spaceships.
,Recommended,244850,13475489,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Diern_Tenory,"If you like space and need a creative outlet then this is a game for you. There is so much you can do even at this early access of the game, and what they are planning has so much potential as well. I absolutely love this game."
,Recommended,244850,13488550,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,2003 4.6L DOHC 32V SVT COBRA,I just got this game today and for the short time i've played it holy goodness its amazing!It's like SpaceBuild in Garry's Mod but more realistic! It's SOOO fun!I'd deffinetely reccommend it!!
76561198141725402,Recommended,244850,11647849,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Xar,yes
76561198040145283,Recommended,244850,11528198,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Doctor Salt,Accidentaly made my missile turret attack everything10/10
76561198053849719,Recommended,244850,11708326,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,crave503,"This is a great game. All should have it. It has great mod support through steam and is basically minecraft, with better graphics, in space. But when you add mods to it, it becomes anything you want it to be. If Hans is reading this, go buy DayZ before this game. That is all."
76561198121775178,Recommended,244850,14582283,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,AceCombat232,"100% yes, Whether playing with friends and craashing into each other with giant self-built ships on a giant self-built space station, or surviving as a lone survivor of a ship crash this game is amazing. Worth the money 100%"
,Recommended,244850,12461049,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Какаду,You can kamikaze your friend's 4 hour build with a ship 11/10
76561198037620009,Recommended,244850,12669167,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,LitKitty,"Space Engineers is a fun game, BUT you have to love sandbox, and open world games, with no plot. If you like minecraft and have several hours of your time, then this is the game for you. If you get bored fast though, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. This game, even in creative take LOTS of patience. Now although there is some controversy about how the game is tilting more in the direction of warfare, rather than engineering, it has a VERY active modding community, and is updated rather often, so if you prefer the method of survival over war you can always disable weapons (although nuking someone's base with a rail gun is always fun), or just not build any (They are rather expensive)This game is for those deticated enough.9/10Modding 2/2Easy-to-learn 1/2Fun 2/2Active developers 2/2Can be played for hours 2/2"
,Recommended,244850,12832605,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[D]eathstroke,Made a Star Destroyer and turned it into my mobile fortress until it was destroyed by flying space pests.11/10 would build again.
76561198149456510,Recommended,244850,12944819,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Chungus Whan,"THESE ARE THE WORST MODERATORS EVER i love everything about this game but the moderators and i got banned for a month just because i posted a ""forever alone"" face."
76561198002095876,Recommended,244850,12291474,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Vondur,If you value your time in real life. Do not play. If you want to be hopelessly lost in the virtual world then this is the game.
,Recommended,244850,12152375,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,BL8NT,"Awesome amounts of fun in Zero-G!If you liked the idea of Minecraft but couldn't get past the graphics then this is the place for you.  Still being developed, regular updates and new content + workshop... Less talk, more building!Update:So I've obviously played this a lot. In fact it is more that I have ever historically played any game. Incredibly it's still early access and still so much fun to imagine, build and play in either creative or survival modes.Make no mistake, there are bugs in the game. Multiplayer is broken at this time but still there are many engineers trying to build together or competitively.I've made many workshop items and downloaded even more. Made a few friends along the way too. A really good community and the developers update dev or stable branches weekly.Looking forward to what comes next."
76561198082261581,Recommended,244850,12211324,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cyber Rooster,This game is like a high tech minecraft.  Except explosions.  Lots and Lots and LOTS of explosions.
,Recommended,244850,12075881,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,luke,buy for good fun in space.
,Recommended,244850,11376996,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,BaTong,"It's like Minecraft, but better and in space,"
76561198058778939,Recommended,244850,11056018,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Aneechi,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS LIKE HALO/ MINECRAFT IN SPACE
76561197971828971,Recommended,244850,10950883,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DieYuppieScum,Now this is a fun game. Buy it now while its on sale!!!!!
76561198098261258,Recommended,244850,13960802,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,SkywardSoul117,"I thought I would update this review. A bit. I've owned this game for almost three years now (?), and over that entire time, it has been regularly updated and fixed every single week, even on Christmas day. Some complain that Keen has not managed to do this or that, haven't fixed *insert landing gears/rotors/pistons here*, but they have still done an amazing amount with this game that no other developer has really managed to do, at least, quite like this.It's quite impressive to think that it has come all the way from a simple space sandbox with a few followers to a game with fully fledged voxel planets (even ""slightly"" glitchy ones :P) and such a dedicated and creative player and mod base. The creative potential with this game are almost limitless.Keep it up Keen, and hopefully the community stays awesome.I would definately reccomend buying this game.All praise Clang."
,Recommended,244850,14603990,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Aspection,"Lots of fun, bit slow but the best of its kind i have played"
76561198076101186,Recommended,244850,11128961,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Midnight Express,"Pretty neat game, very unique!"
,Recommended,244850,13712695,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jarbey,This is the best game i have ever played. It is constantly improved by the best devs ive ever seen. Get this game!!!!!
76561198029270557,Recommended,244850,11225810,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Ælius,"This game is like a full time job that you love doing.I want to drop out of school, and dedicate the rest of my life to this game."
,Recommended,244850,9915073,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,SPÜTNiK,"its like skyrim, with asteroids"
76561198036911366,Recommended,244850,9920677,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Blexbeard,You can make a spaceship in the shape of a giant boxing glove and punch other ships in half12/10 recommended.
,Recommended,244850,9905613,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Srgt_G,"This game is really fun, and the only real limits are what you can think of. Building ships is extremely fun, and fighting with your friends is great aswell. Currently there is much content, and if you buy the game currently, understand that there isnt going to be tons of gameplay instore. HOWEVER, the game is updated weekley every thursday, and adds some really cool things. This game is definitely worth buying right now, but if you dont want to wait each week for new things, wait for the game to actually be released.(Not Alpha)The game will almost certainly get better, and its already a lot of fun. This game takes patience, and if you came looking for a Halo with ship building, this isnt quite there yet."
76561198067376427,Recommended,244850,9885304,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Tiny Raven,This was more fun than making toast and killing civilians 10/10
,Recommended,244850,9876413,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Brylcreem,GAME IS AWESOME
76561197994455147,Recommended,244850,9893252,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,shrimpus codius,"This game is pure awesome space survival fun. I HIGHLY SUGGEST BUYING IT. Even for people who don't like the survival aspect, there is an awesome creative mode as well where you can build immense space ships and structures. gogogogogbuyit"
76561197971267225,Recommended,244850,9914141,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Tips,OWNAGE
76561198044904953,Recommended,244850,9897221,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,ʎƃɹǝuʎS | ǝsdᴉlɔƎ,This is so far on my top list of games. At first i didn't know what to do but after a video or two of this it is really good. I really do recommend this to anyone who was thinking of buying this. 9.7/10
,Recommended,244850,9898628,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Jono,It's pretty cool
,Recommended,244850,9900918,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Sweatshirt,GET THIS GAME!
76561198059989780,Recommended,244850,10910138,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Anon,I tried to shoot from my rocket launchers but something was obstructing them and I blew up my ship... That is all you need to know.
,Recommended,244850,14987627,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Yung Cash Register,"Ok. First off I want to say that just because they made a new game called Medieval Engineers that doesn't mean they have ditched this game. This game still gets updated every Thursday and that is really nice to know how much the developers care about their game and their community.There are hundreds of tutorials on both, YouTube (mainly on the official YouTube channel) and in Steam Guides. These tutorials have never failed to help me either which I am greatly appreciative of.Also, the community is really nice! I have never had trouble with anyone, never met any trolls, never met people trying to kill everyone, never met unfair players, and never met bad sports! It's brilliant. There are also lots of groups you can join (mine is 121st Space Marines Unit) which occasionally collide into combat, fighting with lots of different roles and in different ships using perfect strategy in their epic battles to become victorious. I have never met a better community other than this one.Then there is the visuals. The visuals are beautiful! The way how you can be anywhere on this game and say, 'These visuals are amazing!' It's just perfection at the maximum. You can also download 'Skyboxes' which changes the background of the game. For example, a planet to look at (not go to though), a sun for light and stars big and small.The gameplay is smooth too. When you're flying around in a ship or a jetpack, you don't just jolt to a stop or anything like that. It's kind of like what it would be like controlling a ship in real life. When you're walking around, the bobbing up and down idea is fantastic. However sometimes when you're welding your hand decides to hover elsewhere other than the handle of the welder and lets you use telekinesis on it.Despite that, the sounds are also realistic. The refinery makes a very realistic sound as well as the ships and the jetpack has a VERY smooth sound. The music can either be calm and/or turn into epic music. The sound when you crash makes a big 'clunk' sound; the same with your drilling, grinding and welding too.To conclude I would say that this is an overall 10/10 game! I really enjoy playing it and talking to the helpful and kind community. And remember, they HAVEN'T DITCHED THEIR GAME FOR MEDIEVIL ENGINEERS!"
76561198096868981,Recommended,244850,14716268,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Serious Sirius,"my ship ran away, like my first dog11/10 good game"
,Recommended,244850,12467190,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Dr.WolfDog,Best game ever
76561198043068841,Recommended,244850,12471978,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Pile of Spinach,"I had been looking at this game for a while, not daring to buy it until I heard good feedback from my friends. Then, first day of fall break, its SE free weekend, with 3 days left. I racked up so much time on this game in that 3 days, and decided to buy it and gift it to my friends who couldn't get it.9.5/10 Very, Very addicting"
76561198074317629,Recommended,244850,10143205,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Zhorus,This Game is AMMMMMMAAAAAAAZZZZZZZING
,Recommended,244850,11194532,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Knight Hasen,I made a ship that propelled itself with miniguns instead of engines.10/10
,Recommended,244850,10096508,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Sir_MikhailW,"For the short while i played, i really enjoyed this game. i hope it doesn't get abandoned like some other Early Access Games, 10/10, can't wait to play again."
76561198101738076,Recommended,244850,10318971,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,PBJ|Phildo,this game is really fun but it takes patience
76561198081552517,Recommended,244850,10173889,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Cerebral Palguin,Minecraft if Minecraft was actually good.
,Recommended,244850,10156086,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Mr. Dude,"It's easy to get lost in this game, in a good way. It provides everything an open-world sandbox needs which includes Crafting, resource gathering, survival and especially exploration which is where this game has so much potential in the long run. The default controls are somewhat easy to get used to, even though I sometimes found myself hitting the wrong button when two totally different functions are mapped so close together. Yet of course, this doesn't take away from the experience because its an easy problem to fix either by getting used to it or changing the mapped functions. Environments are limited as nothing but asteroids surround you, but because its currently in the Alpha stage, you can't really fault the dev's for it. Although, it would be really nice to get the chance to explore small life-sustaining planets in future updates. Crafting is simple enough to learn on your own without the help of the forums, although it can help you move along faster within the game. Survival is not as pressing as you might think. You may have a few pesky asteroids that can deal some pretty decent damage against your new ship or station. Except for when you want to explore, then, survival is a whole other story. If you're heading towards a Commercial Freighter and expecting an easy fight, think again, because they have some mean turrets that will rip you up, prepare accordingly. Yet even as it remains in early development, this game is so worth the price it's asking for. And with a community like steam to critique and help shape this game into something it's destined to be, I don't see how the Space Engineers team can fail. Being that this is my first ever review, I'm trying to keep both feet on the ground, but I want so much for this game to succeed, and then some. I think that when everything is said and done, Space Engineers will set out to get the job done for anyone looking for a new and fresh experience in the sandbox genre. The final verdict for Space Engineers is an 8 out of 10."
76561198080121200,Recommended,244850,10243435,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Spaghetti Shark 420 XXX,"Great game, but it can be quite complicated."
,Recommended,244850,10429617,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Kittren,"Space engineers is very fun. My friend and I play it almost every day. I give this game 10/10, the FPS and performance even on OP computers could be improved though."
,Recommended,244850,10430073,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Cool Baboon,Welding simulator 10/10
76561198046774855,Recommended,244850,10439908,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Skude,"Bloody awesome game mate! Creating ships and blowing them up, paying attention to engineering problems and the such. I make youtube videos about ships i build and get tips on how to improve them, and invent new mechanisms which mostly smash things but still look pretty cool >:3"
76561197986296703,Recommended,244850,10527441,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Unaligned,Raging nerd boner for this game right now. I cant get enough of it.
,Recommended,244850,10373957,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cheabred,"An amazing game, Developers listen to the game comunity and are making they game the way the comunity wants it, it is by far the best early access game i have ever played or bought.You guys are an amzing team!"
,Recommended,244850,10960249,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Medgineer,"Adding a cluster♥♥♥♥ of potential this in-develoupment game is great for those wanting some challenge in the soon-to-be silence of space, surviving off litterally nothing but rocks, you can build great structures and live in the glowing void of space!"
,Recommended,244850,11174790,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Vorelli 2,"Great game and a lot of fun with friends. If you have a few friends to play with then it's an easy recommendation, but you may want to wait until all features are fully implemented so that it's a new experience when you start the game."
76561198055631182,Recommended,244850,11184290,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Byota,"one of the best space games i have played in a long time,"
,Recommended,244850,14044540,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Striped_Monkey,"This is an awesome game that I personally enjoy, Its a sandbox space sim that aims for realistic physics without going completely overboard with what can and cannot be in game (They have gravity generators for the sake of gameplay) I have been watching this game for a while and can say that it is a game worth recomending.Pro's-Major updates every thursday (Meaning additions to the game not bugfixes) There are hotfixes all the time-Open world-Big modding community-Hard working dev team, updates are always comingCon's-Can be computer intensive-Its still in development so changes are constant-While fun it does not have any real objectives"
,Recommended,244850,13767761,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Consul Testiclës of Scrotum,"At the time of this writing, I have 262 hours on record with this game. I've been playing it basically since it came out. I bought it when a friend of mine recommended it, and since we'd had hours of fun playing on modded minecraft servers, I figured I'd take his word for it.Space Engineers was pretty feature-bare at the time, but it did have a formula for success. To give you an overview of the game mechanics: ships and stations are built on a minecraft-like grid, but everything moves realistically in 3D space with an actual physics engine. Blocks have actual deformation models for when they get shot or banged up, and asteroids are voxel-based, so mining isn't based on one-meter cubes.The game has come a LONG way since it's beginning, and if you're wary because it's early access or technically still alpha, don't be. Keen has been very good about implementing meaningful updates EVERY Thursday (most recently we also got a long string of bugfixing). It also has a modding API with a very active workshop, and a very active user base that Keen is good about listening to - half of the features currently in the game were derived from user feedback. Actually, I just learned that, as of today, actual programming is in the game now.The game is still in Alpha, for good reason. Some people claim to have difficulty with multiplayer, because the netcode isn't stellar. It's a LOT better than it used to be, just not perfect yet. The game is a bit demanding on hardware - again, it's been optimized, and my GPU no longer climbs its way to 70 degrees to play it, but you'll probably have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ time on low-end hardware, and even people who normally don't have problems will have slowdowns in large ships or busy areas.Personally, I spend most of my time playing solo in creative, but the community is robust so I never feel lonely. Creative lacks for much of a direction so far - much like minecraft in the early days, it's just a sandbox with limitations after you've got a good setup - but they recently added procedural generation of asteriods and random implementation of community-built derelict ships. Multiplayer can be fun, there are servers both public and private, but like I said, some people claim to have trouble.If you're the type of person who enjoys sandbox games, either solo or with friends, and particularly if you enjoyed minecraft, I think Space Engineers is a game for you. It's on sale ($9.99, normally $19.99) as I write this, and there are rumors circulating that there's going to be a price hike in the future, so now is the time to buy if you're on the fence. In 260+ hours, I've gotten more than $10 of enjoyment out of this game, and can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,244850,13791606,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sacred,"It's very awesome and realistic, but I really hope it will come out for mac soon.I know it's an Early Acces Game but they hopefully will be working on a mac version.So wrappers work on mac but the textures are messed up. If any developers are reading this, I hope you guys can work on a mac version so I can accually play the game, thanks!"
76561198141337561,Recommended,244850,13410263,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Tesla,"I would like to be one of the many people to say that Space Engineers is worth buying. It is hands down the most exciting and interesting games I have played in a long time. Even though it is not finished, buying it now and working as the updates come out is a very cool process that everyone should try. It is a great experience."
,Recommended,244850,13730299,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dr. Robostein,"This is a fun sandbox game about space, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,244850,10941400,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KwiteRite,"This is the first game I bought early access, and I was worried about getting my money's worth and how frequently I would get updates. Fortunately, it's clear the compnay behind this awesome game are devoted to their customers; this game is five times as full and fun as it was when I bought it thanks to the constant, user-inspired updates. It's obvious Keen care about their players and I wanted to leave this review to show my appreciation."
76561198041258986,Recommended,244850,10628652,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Slinkadink,"Definitely a work in progress, but fun nonetheless. Hopefully it'll become minecraft in spaaaaace"
76561198136299752,Recommended,244850,21014251,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tom,So many glitches10/10 IGN
,Recommended,244850,21014500,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jman,fun game :)
,Recommended,244850,21014678,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Matthew Savage [Jäger],awsome
,Recommended,244850,21192493,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NC.Reem,"this game is so good,its so much fun to play and u could play it over and over again"
,Recommended,244850,21192649,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Diana Hole,"1 Built a station2 Built a capital ship3 Migrated world4 CriedOrder goes2,4,3,1"
76561198043506958,Recommended,244850,10002458,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Maximum Overspook Enabled,"Buy it.It takes all the good parts of Minecraft,adds guns, missiles, inertia, physics, rotors and thrusters.  And much more amazingness.And that's not even mentioning the Workshop content.Edit:Since posting this review, the game has grown tremendously, adding so many more useful and cool features (such as jump drives, oxygen sealing and airlocks, roaming pirates, auto-piloting blocks, sensors, and turrets, to name a few)to the game!  I didn't think they could make it any better but they did!"
,Recommended,244850,10625284,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cobra Commander,Got lost in space. 10/10
76561198154586927,Recommended,244850,22418540,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,JeffWolf,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Need good computer.
,Recommended,244850,9790089,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Auz,"Definitly worth the price, a good choice for people who enjoy sandbox games that require more thought process than your average minecraft clone in space."
,Recommended,244850,12156604,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Styx,yes i highly recmmond space engineers to anyone that got tired of minecraft because i utterly hate that game now lel but no buy this game today ! :)
,Recommended,244850,9942836,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Vhargon,Tons of potential! Looking forward to seeing it grow.
76561198123792341,Recommended,244850,9563015,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Zaknafein,"Space Engineers is a game that requires patience but rewards you greatly for it. It is very fun to play and I enjoy the game very much. Several updates have come out since I bought the game, and it will improve greatly with the updates to come."
76561198082727842,Recommended,244850,10895922,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crookeandroe,"So far, it's a really good game where you can build all sorts of vehicles - from massive space cruisers to a small car (and you can destroy everything!). Glitches are bearable and they're constantly releasing updates. If ever you're stuck or lack inspiration, it's possible to simply download someone else's work through the steam workshop and maybe modify the heck out of it.Personally, If the game had AI (other than automated turrets), I might just buy the game and give it to my friends as well :)Edit: After over 1,500 hours I can say that the game just keeps getting better every time I play it. Sure there are bugs, but at least for me these are pretty easy to overlook, because being able to create practically anything is great. Just wish there were vanilla decorative blocks :)"
76561198062292851,Recommended,244850,7649247,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Lost Primarch,GAME IS AWESOME!
,Recommended,244850,7837198,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Adolf Lobster,"I love it! The devs may have done some shady things in the past, but they're doing an excellent job making up for it. The game is updated regularly with some awesome new features being added, like the drill. I can just imagine that when multiplayer is put up, this is going to be one fantastic game. Buy buy buy!"
,Recommended,244850,11114421,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Imglidinhere,"Great game for anyone who's looking for a realistic, yet forgiving, space-faring game. If you like Minecraft's more expansive mods, like FTB and Tekkit, and you like Homeworld or similar games, then this is definitely a game you will LOVE."
,Recommended,244850,12448990,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,shandlanos,"Fun game, definitely doesn't have the polish of a full release, but well worth the $12 promotional price. I've only played solo so far, and aside from difficulty getting anything but the automated weapons to work, I've encountered few bugs. The physics system works very well. Even on solo survival the game is very easy, you can respawn infinitely and there's a short respawn time to get a new pre-built spacecraft - without which the game would frequently result in a dead end. There is no way to start absolutely from scratch - you need a refinery and a power source already in place to utilize resources. If you can't find a source of uranium for your reactor before you run out of fuel - you're at a dead end, and you must kill yourself to obtain a new ship with a freshly fueled reactor. Because each world is persistent, there really is no sting of death - you only lose whatever items you were carrying at the time, and you always respawn with the three basic tools to mine, weld, and grind up blocks for recyling.All in all I'd recommend it - it's fun as is, and has a lot of potential to be a great game as the devs keep adding new features. The devs seems very responsive to player input. I'm excited for the future of the game."
76561198189584214,Recommended,244850,31175645,Posted: 16 April,all,The PUNisher,"Space engineers. An early access title that won my heart with its building system and the promise it held since I bought it in late 2015. They've constantly updated this game and every time something big gets released, I.e. Planets, and graphics overhaul, I've come back to this game. Playing with friends has been the best, we've made it from the earth planet to the moon only to run out of fuel and slowly crash to the moon surface and keep building on the moon! This game may have its faults but it doesn't run short on entertaining people."
,Recommended,244850,13974318,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Commandabanana,"This game is simply amazing. I cannot describe how easily the developing team did what I always wanted; Bring space wars and space ship battles into gaming. Now its been a while since gaming has done this on a multiplayer level at least to my likings, being Star Wars: Battlefront II. This game brings Minecraft and Battlefront II together, to form one of the best early access games I've ever played, and simply one of the best games I've ever played. This game by far surpassed my standards, and has won me over. Well done."
76561198066528607,Recommended,244850,19229549,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Lojan of the Shire,Amazing game! A little hard to figure out but fun!
76561198050225365,Recommended,244850,14268643,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ICE182MAN,"AWESOME, JUST AWESOME"
,Recommended,244850,14557339,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,sepi,"I haven't played this for long but, for the time I have played this game I have had loads of fun great game to play with friends and a huge workshop Highly recommended"
76561198024961817,Recommended,244850,14571750,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Crithim,its minecraft in SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCE i can think of no other way to describe it
,Recommended,244850,14379355,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,adam2keva9,"Really fun game, best played with multiple friends!"
,Recommended,244850,12697961,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Barret,"If you like or have intrest in games like minecraft and GMod, games that all depend on a sandbox type of world, where youeither make and control to survive, then you should try Space Engineers.I personally descripe it as:Minecraft, GMod and Eve Online had a threesome and Space Engineers was born.-Barret"
,Recommended,244850,14014034,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Spacial Griffon,10/10 would recommend. It's a great space game that has a lot of potential. Been playing it since it was early release and have been loving very minute of it XD
,Recommended,244850,13828793,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Hans,Because it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Just get it and enjoy it.
,Recommended,244850,13505974,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DaedricDeity,"This game. I like it. Sure it's glitchy as hell, but it is awesome to play with friends. So many things to do, its like a Skyrim - Minecraft Burrito launched into space."
76561198047484973,Recommended,244850,15282343,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,AmoveHacker,"like it ( add a system that a cannon with 3 barrels can shoot togheter ty )Sinds there are mods liek mk3 battle cannonsgo check the mods so u can see wat i meanSinds the new planets are almost out i have some suggestions- maybe add plants that give u health or can poison u- On ur arm maybe a sort HUD that gives th e name of plants  or object and the status of it ( it looks realistic)-adjust some blocks for ground vehicles ( like a specific weapon )- a block wich allows communication to a specific antenna or with multiply people in ur factionlike a distress signal,flares or whateverand maybe but maybe some land pirate camps and land vehciles that raid u"
,Recommended,244850,16109482,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,iamk41,Bought game.Gets addicted to game.played game for 60 hoursDevs added planets.Couldn't play for a year.Gets beast PC.Reinstalls gameGets addicted again.
,Recommended,244850,15023968,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Notumengi,Do you like space?Do you like minecraft?Do you like star wars?Do you want to shoot other players with lazers and rockets?Well then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,244850,14651201,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,HansVonOwls,i like sturs
76561198210812652,Recommended,244850,16163292,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Arkane Infinity,i love it
,Recommended,244850,16604753,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AresRyu3,love the game but slow on updates they do add a few every thursday but not any that matter i know  that planets are takeing alot of thier time but really the said we have a bigger team to work more soooo where is the work more.planets ummmmmm well if you saw the footage of them flying in to planets nice why can't we play it now it is an early access game so there is no reason to wait give it to use and work on it to get our opinon right? like that is what they are about what we as a community we say this is what we want so we get it in a month or so like two months but planets has been wanted for at least over 5 months right so where is it.....i know the are giveing us an update on planets on a blog post but that is a blog post not a phisical update ( well digital since it is a game) over again love that game so far but do what we want not littlew small stuff like scenarios (but it nice that we can do a death match) beacuse it is not what WE WANT or at lest me and the few with me on this.if you like mincraft you will like this but if you do not but like space games try but keep a open mind it ia still being made so do not hate too much ok {love the game myself hope you love it too
76561198103625387,Not Recommended,244850,16580832,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Vliss,NEED A GOOD PC
13567098746098713,Recommended,244850,16722387,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ebibe,"engineers in space, what could go wrong?this game has guns10/10"
,Recommended,244850,8545549,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,newt,"Really satisfied with how development is going for this game. Literally everything I thought would be a cool feature when I first played this a year and a half ago they have added, and the game isn't even finished. It's not completely flawless, multiplayer suffers from very clear bugs and overall the netcode needs some work, but it's showing clear signs of improvement and in a game that's being constantly developed what more can you ask for? One of the few kickstarter/early release games that have consistently improved and show no signs of stopping."
76561198031394328,Recommended,244850,11312129,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Wookieelicious,"Space Engineers is an absolutely fantastic experience. The damage engine is superb, it's the game I've dreamed of playing since I first watched Star Wars and wanted to fly a spaceship. Despite the fact that it is still in development, the game is worth the cost as is.I definitely recommend getting this whether you want to have an all out space dog-fight with friends or build up a huge ship in the ever-improving survival mode."
,Recommended,244850,22778756,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,dseszu,"A 'few' Bugs...But it is a great game, with the best community-devolper interaction i've ever seen!"
76561198139591242,Recommended,244850,14301841,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Plottie,its pretty neat
76561198054730816,Recommended,244850,11877228,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,bridgy1127,Best space game on steam would like the game to add planets and more things to do but very good game I strongly recommend this game to anyone :)
,Recommended,244850,12092293,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Llamaman666(The defenestrator),"Got this game summer of 2014, since then quite a bit has changed. Planets were added each being close to 100km across, Oxygen was added, Hydrogen, in-game programming, Remote controls, Cameras, better looking doors, blast doors, AI drones, Spiders, Cyberhounds and a multitude of other things I can't remember. As of now (January 2016) it is now undergoing an optimization period which is highly needed.I've made many memories on this game, being chased down by an admin faction for trying to steal one of their bases, Literally stealing a person's entire base and all their ships, making a huge trading station, a space race from planet to planet, and building up an entire empire.If you're interested in building, fighting, surviving, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off, you'll absoloutely LOVE space engineers."
,Recommended,244850,7733175,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,TheObzfan,"An absolutely fun game. So many things you can build...And this is just early alpha. I can't wait till it's worked on! Lasers, battles, MORE THINGS!!!10/10"
,Recommended,244850,9493778,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,stefmorino,Whoever makes the largest crash wins.
,Recommended,244850,11379413,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Flamehazard™ CXVII,Great game for those who are creative and can set goals for themselves.I'd give it a 8/10 purely for it being still in Alpha.They're adding better stuff with each update so a lot to come.Definitelly worth a buy.
76561198176876925,Recommended,244850,28419981,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,CoolShortie,"This game is everything I love about a space sandbox. It has survival and creative, and multiplayer modes for each. You can play by yourself, or with friends, and can choose to play competitively or not.  So much fun!"
,Recommended,244850,12840657,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Tavil,"I ABSOLUTELY LOVE DAT GAME!I hope it will get more bugfixes, and its very laggy, but, don't turn you graphics down, it only will lag more, turn them UP!Then it isn't that laggy,BUT ITS DA COOLEST GAME OUT THERE.EDIT:522 hours and I still love it, add me as a friend and I can teach you SE"
76561198063805358,Recommended,244850,10248793,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,adenjk,this game is amazing and i would recommend it to anyone
,Recommended,244850,17036465,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,The Big Jewbowski,its fun sometimes when you get enough people to play on a given server
76561198050930771,Recommended,244850,8577935,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Apostolice,Honestly this game is going to get pc goty if things develop properly. The best sandbox concept ive seen and if with progress could become somethign very interesting. No Multiplayer yet but its coming soon.
76561198074032186,Recommended,244850,25775680,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ShatteredLoyalty,"First off, look at my Playtime for this game. ok? you done that? cool. let me tell you why this game is awesome, first off, block based building. block based building is super awesome it makes building precise and easy and i have personally used the building system (that includes the new one) to build amazing symetrical structures and thats awesome. second? planets asteroids and voxels that you can manipulate and shape to your will, its just awesome (and if you ever thought planets would be optimized/smooth when the came out your pretty slow) and the asteroids? rad. i can make a space station on a rock in in the vast expanse overlooking a planet? thays pretty cool. now planets? ill admit. they are buggy as all get out, but who cares? the glitches are so few and far between its completely worth it. the only thing i hate about planets sometimes is the angels my base sometimes goes at. its pretty annoying. anyway theres also a ton of building blocks that can be used to make your ship truly yours and also did i mention modding support for the game plus workshop support? thats freakin awesome as hell! and again look at my playtime. you know why i say that? cus im a tru veteran of this game. i see a lot of art that says ""500 hours of SE? i am a true verteran."" sadly your not a vet yet. but thays not hating on you at all. keep playing and reach vet status! go on! its a awesome game and there should be no hate for it. im sorry if you cant play it or its too glitchy too play for you. but we love our game and if you dont like it then take your angry review elsewhere becase we dont want it. and one last thing. constant updates every thursday.  anyway i seriously recommend this game to anyone who wants an awesome and fun space exploration experience. thanks for reading this far if you did it means a lot. thanks."
,Recommended,244850,9092741,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,redbaron918,"battles,fully desorable ships and astrods, build your own ship what else do ya want"
,Recommended,244850,14571714,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,GoonCreek,"Begin creating enormous base.Spend hours connecting areas.Creat enormous mining rigs and fighter ships.Begin to finally be pleased with my base BIG♥♥♥♥♥♥Meteor shower alert.Continue drilling.Travel back to base and run in to random bits of what I believed were rock.Find meteor has traveled through my base causing ships, and materials to float into the depths of space.10/10 would get virtual home demolished by meteor again,"
,Recommended,244850,14580815,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,SGT_Gunload,it is a realy awsome game and if you love space and building this game is the game for you !
76561198149973561,Recommended,244850,14583792,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,A Manhunter,GET IT
76561198051201818,Recommended,244850,14700433,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,UltimateWeighATon,"This is the best game ever. You can build drones, ships, and space stations. i mostly love the damage engine they have."
76561198081756043,Recommended,244850,14701161,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,xXxHoboGodxXx420D0ngSqu4d,"Spawned. Flew. Landed. Mined. Created. Built. Flew. Tried to be a space pirate. Got lost. Died. Re-Spawned. Flew. Flew again. Found old station. Mined. Built. Flew. Mined with what I flew. Tried to be a space pirate. Chased a cargo ship (for far to long). Stopped chasing. Went out of my ship. Tried to board cargo ship. Realized I forgot to turn of inertia dampeners. Got inside of cargo ship. Tried to figure out how to steal stuff. Spent way to long trying to figure out how to steal the ship. Stole stuff. Bing'd how to steal a ship. (that last one was a lie, nobody uses bing). Stole the cargo ship. Flew. Got lost. Explored the cargo ship. Got killed by a turret. Respawned. Quit. Made a new map. Got bored. Quit. Made a creative map. Flew. Blew up. Crashed what was left of the blown up ship into random stuff. Got bored. Quit. Searched Workshop. Found stuff. Went to my only successfull save to test it out. Crashed. Realized I forgot to save. Quit.11/10Would Play again."
76561198058449000,Recommended,244850,14702466,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Xuorel,Space is big!
,Recommended,244850,14653047,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Wiz,yes very much i do recomend this game for all even if you have no idea what you are doing like me!
,Recommended,244850,14679539,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,radj,"I'm going to start off by saying that this game is a lot of fun.Space Engineers has a very good physics system (for a game set in space) with the ability to completely disorient yourself just by spinning around in circles, whether is be with a jetpack, or a small fighter ship (with working guns), or a collosal frigate the size of a planet.Part of the physics system is the destruction engine, which is hands down the best I have ever had the pleasure of using. Ships (and even asteroids) deform and break when hit my missiles, rocks, asteroids, other ships, and even your face if you fly fast enough. To fix the deformed blocks you can use a hand welder, or, a welder attached to a ship! (You can also use this system to make a fully-automated factory for anything.)On to the suggestionsOne thing that space engineers needs SO BADLY is real artificial intelligence. Auto-turrets just dont cut it. Enemy and friendly AI would make everything better. Occasionally random ships fly around, and having actual AI just on board would add a whole new element of piracy to the game. (you can already hijack ships if you avoid their auto-turrets)Another thing is ladders, they used to be in the game but were removed, it would be great if they were added again, to use in elevators instead of just flying up and down them with your jetpack (Which can be very glitchy.)10/10 would smash face into wall again."
76561198182338966,Recommended,244850,14733119,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,The Deuce,This game is really fun! The creativity is endless! Ive only had this game for a little over a week but i am really enjoying it along with the frequent updates. This is absolutely one of my favorite sandbox games.
76561198090471494,Recommended,244850,10087266,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,The Canadian Raven,"Very fun, like Minecraft in space."
,Recommended,244850,9953400,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,"i am bubba, destroyer of worlds",Pretty awesome
,Recommended,244850,9984820,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,WombatTheMad,Even in Alpha this game has a lot going for it. I think the finished product is going to blow a lot of people away.
76561198085530635,Recommended,244850,9993168,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Burrito119,"I can honestly say that this game is one of the most enjoyable games I've played in quite a while. I've been a little out of the loop but after getting back into the game recently I can say that this still stands true. Now you are not only buying the base game, but all of the mods from the community as well, some of which are simply amazing. Pretty much, if there is something you don't wuite like about the game play, somebody's got you covered.The game combined with the developer, Keen Software House, make for a really good and fun expirience and I've never had a problem with either in my personal experience. They are very involved in the community (planets weren't planned but were added per players' requests), and update the game constantly. By far one of the best Early Access games I've run into."
76561198102817742,Recommended,244850,9995441,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,.-- .... -.-- ..--..,"Space engineers is a really fun space game in early access where you can build space stations, big and small ships, cars/tanks and other machines. There's creative mode where you have unlimited supplys and energy and survival mode where you have to go mining to get ores to refine then you can build things needed for blocks and parts.                                                                                   I really do recommend this fun space game"
,Recommended,244850,9999950,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Harambo,"Let me just say this, the constent updates just restored my faith in humanity....   thanks starforge for stealing my money. but really you guys are great. keep up the good work"
76561198090743532,Recommended,244850,10006079,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,scoops,"If you like rescource gathering and/or building games that you need at least a minimal amount of planning to play effectively, then this game is for you.Alot of people are calling it 'minecraft in space'. I can see what they mean, but i disagree. I'd say its 60% lego, 20% Garry's Mod, 10% minecraft and 10% fresh ideas.In creative mode all building blocks are available and its basicly like building lego spaceships that you can fly around. Then in survival the blueprints for all blocks are available, but you need to collect the rescourses before you can place them. You can also play multiplayer games in creative and survival. You can set the options to allow anyone to join, or limit it to people from your friends list or even invitation only.There are 2 conditions I would suggest you apply for you to buy this game. They are that it is much more fun if you can find people to play with (its also one of the easiest games to join friends in that ive ever seen) and that you(or the person running the game) has a 64-bit system, as in a 32-bit system, there is a limit on the game size and if you go over it will randomly delete objects untill its below the limit. Happened when my friend was running the game and it deleted our ships.Overall, very impressed with what exists atm and still in alpha. You get to plan stuff, collect stuff, build stuff, fly stuff, in multiplayer fight stuff and if you really want (or if you are careless) crash stuff, which due to the physics system,  can be quite spectacular."
,Recommended,244850,10070358,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Marie Smalley,why are you reading this? buy the game already!
,Recommended,244850,10075228,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,CERE4LKILLER21,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,244850,10026221,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,SoRabo the Awesome,"This... just... words... find them I can not... wait.... SPAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCEEE!!!!!!!!! That is the only word that properly describes the intense and unstoppable level of Awesome this game has to offer. and to think its just early access right now...(!) Ok on a serious note this game is worth every penny! even being early access and haveing somewhat limited content (to me) it feels like a full title that would release around 30-50 USD.Even with the limited content available i have spent hours with a friend on his map. hours building and idea brewing. hours trapping his ship in a cage and snickering when he discovers what i did. hours defending his platform from griefers and or people that dont know how to stop :PThe intense feeling when you hear DUCK! and you see a giant ship come crashing by and the engines narrowly missing the platform and the sounds of metal creaking.... and then this ""Playername died"" plants itself in the middle of your screen.** 7/19/2015 update **Space, the final fr... oh... the review. right. Lots of new stuff and improvements since i first played and reviewed. too many to list. A few moment highlights: Build an ugly Ball shaped ship, intentionally put only large thrusters in back and try to control it safely. NOPE!""Hey, *friends name* whatcha doooin?""*friend* ""Just building my ship and making holes in asteroids... why?""*me* ""I forgot to install brakes...""*friend* ""noo no no nonononononooooOOOO!!!!!""*explosions*"
76561198008874817,Recommended,244850,8624258,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TIF_DiZch0rD,ITS LIKE INFINITE SPACE LEGO!
,Recommended,244850,9696270,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,wildfox99,its tons of fun
,Recommended,244850,9923745,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,MIKETHEGUY,Creativity is so complex and amazing! Deep spaaaaaace!
,Recommended,244850,9924940,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,NajaTheNaja,THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER\GET ITGET ITGET ITNOW
,Recommended,244850,11611167,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kask,"With the introduction of planets I've come back to re-write this review.This update, while although cutting my performance in half, is completely amazing. Planets completely change how the game is played, from surviving in an unforgiving environment of physics and engineering to travelling the depths of space and exploring new worlds.The planets are procedurally generated then given a nice human touch. This means the developers go back in and make some nice memorable areas that are sure to stick with you. Along with the hand crafted-ness what gives it a nice touch is that the resources that spawn on planets are random, which means diffrent worlds will have different types of ores in their locations, even if the planet is the same template as another.The introduction of planets creates a nice flow of the game, giving you more of a reason to create new, more useful vehicles. By default, in survival, you start off entering a planet with a lander. Usually you'll want to stabilize the lander and you will float in mid air, able to see your surroundings. Sometimes you'll start off on the dark side of the planet meaning you'll either have the wait for day time or fly towards the light. Once you can actually see the ground one of the best things to do is find an ice field (Looks like water, isn't water..... yet). From there you'll be able to mine all the ice you need when you make hydrogen thrusters (Used later in the game). Once you safely land you'll want to start constructing a renewable energy source, to do this you'll need solar panels, and depending on how fast your day/night cycle is you'll want to do this quickly. From there you need to find ores, refine them, and begin on your main base. Try to set up a base that has automated defenses and will be able to manage on its own when you are away from it. Once you have a nice base setup, you may want to work on making a spaceship. To do this you'll need hydrogen thrusters. I recommend you do a hydrogen thruster setup on the bottom of your ship and ion thrusters everywhere else. (Except maybe one or two small hydrogen thrusters in the back.) Before you go on your journey in space you'll want to make sure you have a surplus of hydrogen, because if you run out of hydrogen you're doomed. Once you make it to space you can setup a space station, deploy a few satelites, or come up with some ideas of your own.This is just a fraction of the possibilities of this game.Multiplayer, while currently not stable, is still enjoyable with a few friends. I recommend you and some friends get into even teams, start on the same planet, and go to war. You can develop atmospheric vehicles to deploy explosive payloads, design ICBMs to annihilate your foes, and come up with other devastating weapons.The community for Space Engineers can somtimes be a bit harsh, but are for the most part extremely nice and respectable people. Join in on the forums atKeenSWH.comand be sure to take part in conversations, and you may even find yourself a new friend.Let alone the vanilla (un-modded) version of the game being awesome, the collection of mods the community has made is truely outstanding. I recommend you check out the Space Engineers workshop and be sure to download all the great mods there are out there.Overall, I rate Space Engineers 9.1/10. I would make it 10/10 but the optimization is poor, but don't let that deter you. This game has infinite potential after it is more optimized and multiplayer becomes more stable.As a last statement, if you love open world, sandbox games, in which you get to use your imagination to create things you never could before, and use them in entertaining and delightful ways, and do all of that in a combination of space and planetary engineering, then this game is for you. Space Engineers has the potential to become one of the best space-themed games in a long time."
76561198109098851,Recommended,244850,12005569,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ya_boynaj,its good
,Recommended,244850,9964664,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Idreaus,"If you are waiting for the upcoming Star Citizen game, this will be worth the time while the wait :)"
,Recommended,244850,11023083,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Amedee,"""If Minecraft is like Lego, then Space Engineers is like Lego Technics."""
76561198031682671,Recommended,244850,8236577,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,nicno,Fun. there were a few minor problems like: it is hard to build large things without taking up an entire week. But even though my comuter was below minimum requrments it was not the slowest game that i have played
,Recommended,244850,8970043,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Porter_John,FUNNN
76561198074099074,Recommended,244850,9394348,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Obsidiman,"This game may still be in alhpa, however, it has an incredible physics engine and detailed graphics along with an accurate and impressive damage rendering ststem. I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys playing space-themed sandbox games or who just likes to crash stuff."
,Recommended,244850,9400192,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,HighTechLowLife,"love it, just build a neat little asteroid base :)"
76561198060853269,Recommended,244850,15793756,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,AngryUkrainian,"This game is so much fun, I love the feeling of traveling around an infinate universe and being able to build my own structures. Unlike it's new game ""Medival Engineers"" this one puts you in the position of a Space Engineer, WOAH! SO DIFFERENT! Anyways, I reccomend both games, if you like being beamed up by that a**hole Scotty, then get ""Space Engineers,"" if you like throwing holy hand grenades, then get ""Medival Engineers"" either way you'll have one hell of a time playing both."
,Recommended,244850,15754747,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,RJGamer1002,space Engineers is fun!! :)
76561198109051930,Recommended,244850,10008678,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,goomba156,epic game
,Recommended,244850,10077781,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Derple Francis Farglydoop,All fun and games till a rock punts you in the face
,Recommended,244850,11370294,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Frog Child,i didnt know i had a jetpack and flew into my friend and died. 9/10
,Recommended,244850,15783063,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Mr. Robot,"I will be completely honest and say that I have spent a few hundred hours in this game and through none of it have I even so much as attempted Survival mode or Multiplayer mode.So this review is strictly from someone that likes to sink hours alone into just building, refining a build and just generally playing the game for fun without looking too closely at the aspects of the game that make it more difficult or challenging.So take my recommendation as you will. I have fun with it, maybe you will too."
,Recommended,244850,14370508,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Dooge,"this game is my rock, my dwayne, and my johnson. I am loving to see this game develop, I have high hopes for it.11/10"
,Recommended,244850,12472788,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Spartankilla109,"First up is this game for you? Well if Minecraft, Kerbal space program and Rust had an orgy this game is the basterd child.Now in this game you will spend hours watching tutorial videos (i'll post link below) after which you will spend your first day mining for resources your second day building your base and ship and IF you have SURVIVED this long then a troll will come and kill you which inturn you will start the process again, happy playingIf you wish to play this game be prepared to watch around 2+ hours of tutorial vids the best of which are these(https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTyd0tLdukI_TMN73wwfJWwG-UJh7kmJM).(dip dip potatochip)"
,Recommended,244850,12970322,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rupert,This game is a very good game for people who like space exploration!
76561198131424616,Recommended,244850,13701157,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,count cunnilingus,This is an anwesome game one where you can let your imagination run wild.
,Recommended,244850,13614403,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Hunkerz,Great spacebox game.
,Recommended,244850,13472891,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DaKingInDaNorf,Spent 5 hours making a giant ship.Someone crashed into it and it split into three pieces.11/10 would rage again
,Recommended,244850,15872109,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[SG] TechPortal,"Its a great game. i mean its as realistic as it can get. graphics,everything. you find your resources to build a ship or go to creative mode and build stuff.  its fun. i like it!"
,Recommended,244850,16010501,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,boof_bonser,"It's like Lego's for adults. In space. It's also a bit like crack.If you like building things, or you like space or sci-fi stuff at all...you need to buy this game."
76561198189829646,Recommended,244850,15266599,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,UntoldTruth,best game ive played in agesso............................prosawesomeconsu dont have ittipsGET IT!
76561198034414000,Recommended,244850,10529373,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,(DDAB) Pingwing,I made a giant space javelin and blew up a station by ramming into it.  Then I made a space windmill
,Recommended,244850,14862840,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Carbs123,Good Game
76561198145312626,Recommended,244850,14889022,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,ImNotAMuffin,"A truly amazing game. Early access and constantly improving, it even allows players to submit their own designs and modsto be incorperated into the vanilla.It's one of the best sandbox games, the best space engine in any game I've seen by a long shot.So, here's my story:First 5 hours:You have no idea what anything does or what your doing, but you still have the 'I'm a pro' attitude, and decide to start a game on lone surviver.-doesn't know about power, leaves everything running with very limited uranium-spend first ten minutes trying to figure out what to do and dying-finally figures out how to use jetpack-sees usefull ores and uranium-skips them for iron-smashes into asteroid-respawns and goes for it again, nearly clearing out half of it until finally figures out he has to grab it-takes it back-puts it in smelter and goes to eat for ten minutes-comes back, out of power, slowly dieing, everything around him is explodingStarts a new game:-Finally gets what to do-makes succesfully powered base with solar panels-sees cargo ship, goes after it-gets blown out of sky-tries five more times, somehow expecting something different-goes with ship, gets blown out of sky again-gets annoyed and stays at base, deciding for peaceful lifestyle-ship comes to base and destroys everything10/10 would get blown out of sky again"
,Recommended,244850,10396757,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,CorbecJayne,"Pros:-Polished; I haven't had a bug yet.-Incredible amounts of content-Fairly realistic, but still fun/not tedious-Simply Awesome. There have been many times where I thought ""It would be nice if they did this."" and then realise it already exists.-Regularly updated-Open World. You can do whatever you want and are only confined by the laws of nature.Cons:-Some (not me) might say the open-worldness is bad, as you don't really have preset goals and have to make your own."
,Recommended,244850,12883136,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Stan,"Sure the game can be boring in survival mode by yourself, but wait until you try it with your friends. Its super easy to set up a game and you will have a great time. I recomend thi game to anyone who asks."
,Recommended,244850,9645444,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Talamander,"Really fun game, there is so much potential and hours of endless fun with friends"
76561198025131431,Recommended,244850,29128475,Posted: 8 January,all,DriverMike,"The game does repeatedly fix and break bugs, but the developers are fairly transparent as to what aspects they're currently working on."
76561198117984763,Recommended,244850,9482670,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Burnt Beard,Awesome game
,Recommended,244850,9720950,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Twitchy_UHD,MMMMMMMM BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,244850,7834378,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Munt,REALLY GOOD GAME
76561198040509294,Recommended,244850,11055006,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Raptorian,"Very fun game even though it is in Alpha.The gameplay is very fun and addicting and does never get boring.The graphics are good enough, for a aplha i would say pretty impressive.With alot of updates in the future this game can be even better even though it is very complicated and massive now!I would recommend this game if you like mining ores and understanding the good use of your power because it can be very hard to get. Also of course i would recommend it if you like constructing and building things, you have alot of blocks to choose from!"
76561198004840056,Recommended,244850,11077940,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,TurielD,"This is addictive as hell, a bit of a combo between Minecraft & Kerbal Space Program's Building, destructible terain, structues and ships, and just all-round awesomeness."
76561197978315401,Recommended,244850,11095157,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Viscount James Earl Tennisracket,this game is a lot of fun. you should join us and create shenanigans
,Recommended,244850,11697112,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,sirn00balol,Engeineering... in space! What's more to be said?
,Recommended,244850,11625580,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Vanitus,"10/10 great game to play with friends, very fun to screw around in and become SPACE PIRETS, me and meh crew shall pirate foreverdont get confused with the somali pirates cus um well, you probably saw captain phillips"
76561198133594734,Recommended,244850,10023763,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,pllihp,"ITZ AMAZING you crash into space ships, have battles with friends, and build ships"
,Recommended,244850,10051597,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Alk Fauf,"Really great game, best space building ship game ever.9.5/10"
,Recommended,244850,10075978,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Honkeedonkee,"Highly recommended, haven't been able to stop playing this game since I got it. This game is good as is with a few bugs, and multiplayer is a bit laggier than I would like but all will be improved in later updates which happen quite often, this game can only get better with future updates."
76561198038934837,Recommended,244850,10087849,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,dustin360k,This game promises alot and with each update they take huge steps towards reaching these promises as well as provide things which surprise and delight every type of player.
,Recommended,244850,10304149,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Lord Winger the Brainless,YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
,Recommended,244850,10329587,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Dad,amazing
76561198079893461,Recommended,244850,10465646,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,PugNinja,Pretty fun. Enjoy ramming ships together.
,Recommended,244850,12234356,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BlackLightParadox,"Space Engineers can hook anyone I know! even my friends who : hate science , love history and don't existbut in all seriousness SE is one of the most commiunity friendly inovative games everbut there 5 things never to do1) Go full Retard While Flying2) Build a fighter before any toher ship3) dissconect the landing gear holding your ship down4) Troll , you won't like the aftermath5) not existBut you can not chill out have a beer and fall asleep in this game if you want to stay alive .The only thing I wan't in this game atm is pressurisationand the 1# thing is that NEW FEATURES EVERYTHURSDAYin total 10/10 would describe this game again"
,Recommended,244850,13882771,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Peter,Lost in space and digging a hole in an asteroid.10/10
,Recommended,244850,9214745,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,K!netic,"It's early access, so you get what you pay for. But it's plenty playable, the controls/settings are complete, and the core gameplay is there. It's a mixture of Garrys Mod and Minecraft, in space. The idea is excellent, and with more refinement, will be an excellent game. It also seems to get regular updates, so i'd keep an eye on this one."
,Recommended,244850,10760880,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dr. Wolfe,"I spent 8 hours building a ship, my friend destroyed it in less then 5 seconds.11/10"
,Recommended,244850,14781185,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ConeSeer.NZ,"Engineers things in space, pretty cool"
,Recommended,244850,14819090,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Starshot,"I absolutely love the game. I can make the spaceships I made out of legos when I was a kid and actually use them without having to make all the sound effects myself. Although I really wish the Missile Turrets didn't blow themselves and other parts of my ship to smithereens. If they could fix that, I'd have no complaints left."
,Recommended,244850,15036260,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Civil-Protection,"One of my favoured games,Well if you like space or survival games, then you will like this but it can be a race against time as you need power to survive and how do you create power with uranium and a nuclear reactor or you could invest in solar. It is a very incisive game and can be very entertaining but if you don’t like mining in space with 0-Gravity and welding block after block all day."
,Recommended,244850,12484940,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xemeru,"Game has taken over my life, absolutely amazing, its a steal for 19.99$ really wish I would've gotten into this game sooner, the modding community is amazing the game play is amazing and its a great do what you like concept, creative mode is a bit eh to me, but survival mode just takes hours and hours of your life away 10/10This is seriously one of the best sandbox style games I've ever played. Its better than minecraft because of the freedom to build whatever you want, Seriously, BUY THIS GAME. 10/10"
76561198057437105,Recommended,244850,30917832,Posted: 3 April,all,LngShlong,300hrs later and I have made two types of kinetic cannons one that shoots a round that it builds another that shoots ore fyi the ore tends to melt anything in its path if its launched at high speeds.I made a mining system that deploys automated miners from space onto planets at any given coordinates.I also began building a self replecating drone that seek out other ships to grind down and destroy so I can slowly take over the infinite space.  But all in all its ok
,Recommended,244850,14012534,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Erfajer,"It was calm and nice day for my Walet when steam shined on me his big sales.I could not resist and my wallet faced the monitor and said... Buy it.I bought it and there the story started.Day 1: I didnt know there is multiplayer so I builded up 2 ships run them through space and somehow crashed them because I was out of uranium. I didnt know what I am doing at all.Day 2: I found good server that I might try, found friend that I can play with but we never ever seen each other from that day ... Had to sleep disconected and turned off.Day 3: I cannot find the f******g server my hopes are lost as well as my attempt on building a ship with station. Another hard work throwed into nothing so I found another server that was quite good. Found 5 Friends randomly that was so passionate about the game that I liked it 420% more. We started building our own station while skyping. Lost our station in space about 3 times till we managed to make a beacon. (3 mineships crashed during the mission) Rest in Paprika.Day 4: Back in our station everything is fine. Lets grow up and build up solar panels. We builded them and it worked perfectly. We builded 2 warships and managed to invade the space. We failed hard. Stopped by admin that this is not PvP server.Left the server and found another one. 24 hours of hard work went to nothing. At least we learned up the game more.Day 5: I forgot to eat, socialize and sleep. Almost died from thirst. 24/7 playing a game for no reason because I know my progress will be deleted, crashed or lost in space one day. But I am playing its fun. We continue to grow our station that we builded 420% faster than the previous one. We managed to steal and kill some ppl that was having same dreams as we had.Day 6: We build up huge drilling ship with 9x9 drills and penetrated the asteroid till the server crashed.Day 7: Server back up our station is raided and destroyed by half. I started repairing. I repaired and went to sleep because of too much braining and gambling. Energy low (Real life)Day 8: Everyone is spending christmass in SE. What a fun.Day 9: We splitted our ways playing another games but we will still remain the 1XP Clan of space engineers that surely had fun playing this game and it was worth.I can tell from my amazing experience that this game for the cost is the best game I have ever played. I dont want to compare this to minecraft because this is some next level sheet.If you have money buy it. Its worth it.If you dont have money buy it for your parents money. Its worth it.- Build up- Die several time to a meteor shower or your friend being a troll or just a noob space engineer.- Loose your station in middle of nowhere.- Build up again- Loose everything again.- Build up again an army full of ships and your firends recruit and declare war to all factions on the server.- Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and invade the server with huge space power, destroy everything and crash server with ultimate drilling ship.- Have fun and 100 000 memories of you and your firends having the most exiting experience of your life.Find out the meaning of life and learn to never give up. This game requires patience.Space engineers 10/10True story."
,Recommended,244850,10144405,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Kwapple uA,"Great fun, it will be even better with multiplayer"
,Recommended,244850,10301203,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MiniChiken,"Until I get a job working for SpaceX, this will have to do."
,Recommended,244850,10546255,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MotivatedLandTurtle,Highly addictive and weekly updates defo get it :D
76561198014206672,Recommended,244850,11323840,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,xxplorer1,I LIKE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,244850,13902972,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Maniaq,BEST SPACE GAME EVA I RAT 5 OUT OF 5
,Recommended,244850,13959022,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,HankThunderskull,"Very good, has similar properties to crack, makes me sweat a lot, causes a lack of sleep, and paranoia that everyone is out to get me.Also highly addictive.10/10"
,Not Recommended,244850,19767132,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LukeDIP,Been playing this game since way back before planets or much at all and all I can say is that it has to be the most long-term buggiest mess of a good game that I have seen in a long time.Build a Huge Conveyer system? Massive FPS drops!Make a new ship on multiplayer? Glitched out and caused a crater in your base!One time me and a buddy made a massive ship and decided to explore the galaxy forever.  We just flew strait forward forever while collecting ore from rocks as we went.  We lost many small/medium ships that had to be parked inside our big ship because the landing gear is complete garbage in this game.  You have to avoid using items that are almost essential because you will be scared of a bug that could completely destroy your ship and anything around it. Long story short me and my pal had to stop playing because we had insane fps drops from exploring to much in one direction.Fix your game already how long does it take because its been years..
,Recommended,244850,15800512,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Nero,Space
76561198097452779,Recommended,244850,14250074,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rettenator,its a good game get it
,Recommended,244850,12437708,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,HAZZ3R1,after getting bombarded with asteroids you finally get something that some would call 'a ship' others 'a pile of s*&t' where i miltary convoy blows you up 11/10 would die again
76561198093185571,Recommended,244850,13304051,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MrLethalBlood,Fun to play even tough its still in development
,Recommended,244850,11621233,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Terracraft,"This is an amazing game, I've never seen anything like it.  I'ts got a lot more features than you would think for an early access game."
,Recommended,244850,12254959,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SmartGuy202,"Even as an alpha, as playable as full version with consistent (major) updates every Thursday. Game mechanics have potential to a point words cannot describe and the developers do not disappoint. Multiplayer synchronization still leaves a bit to be desired, but is improving every week. Hundreds (if not thousands) of mods available on workshop. Honestly, I can't say enough about this game."
76561198087898858,Recommended,244850,11594545,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,koivad777,"very good game!I can,t wait for optimization update :)"
,Recommended,244850,11682373,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Joey,omg this game is teh best
76561198077719302,Recommended,244850,11683513,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,MEMOME.Chan,i cant stop playing this lol
,Recommended,244850,10820343,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Snowz,It's a voxel game with nice space physics.Pretty fun.and the constant updating = Glorious
76561198119472197,Recommended,244850,11354794,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,coiled,A lot of fun to just fly around especially with a friend or two
,Recommended,244850,11339032,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pjacobser,"ProsBeing a great simulator for just wanting to learn about space, it is also a great game to just:1) Grab some friends and mess around.2) Build some amazing works of art that function to your needs.3) make a deathship to kill anyone who gets in your way.Cons1) There is no real way to ban a person off your server.2) Trying to start alone is almost pointless unless you want to watch tutorials. (I don't like tutorials)"
76561198113086087,Recommended,244850,12083997,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Woody,This is without a doubt a great game have realy good phisyics
,Recommended,244850,11915049,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,skisquirrel,"Quite possibly one of the best early access games available on steam.  Responsive developers, beautiful physics and graphics, and regular updates."
,Recommended,244850,11774601,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Sgtheadhole™,awesome game
,Recommended,244850,11784659,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,[YL] Tjahneee,♥♥♥♥♥♥ harde spel! je kan een blokje plaatsen die las je weer tegen een andere blokje waarna je er weer een blokje tegen aan last.. dan pak je een schip en vliegt alles de ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in. als je van blokjes lassen houd en dingen kapot vliegen is dit de spel voor jou!
,Recommended,244850,11844072,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Robert,"A very Amazing game. I love the physics and the creativity,"
,Recommended,244850,12471968,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MrCoderwhite,Bangy Bangy Boom Boom. Space. 10/10
,Recommended,244850,11609919,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Darth Sajuuk,"Space Engineers is by far one of the best games I have ever played. Normally I don't like or play block based games like this but Space Engineers is different then most, I love the fact that your creations actually matter and can be used, not to mention it's fun to build ships and stations and then blow them up with missiles, or just crash them into each other or into other ships as well is most certainly fun to do as well!I most certainly do recommend this game to others because it is most certainly a really fun game."
,Recommended,244850,11701765,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,this lovely beautifull game is the best at creating your dream space crafts. You should get this game because not only everygame has bugs but..... you build what ever you want (not like minecraft) in space!! and hopefully the makers will add planets to build on and explore i have got lots of suggestions but will not say right now. The bad things is you can die if you jump on stires (bug) you can not go to the outer astroids :( and its verry verry buggy when it comes to 300 mods or 50 mods on a save not laggy but buggy!! I do recommend you have this game.
76561198119771669,Recommended,244850,14690275,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Chief1lung,Awesome game if you like to build things. Kinda makes me feel like im playing with those little building blocks whos name I will leave out.
76561198081850101,Recommended,244850,10234584,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,CaliF,Amazing game and still in alpha!
,Recommended,244850,30936859,Posted: 3 April,all,f4rv3l,Like Minecraft at the space! It's so funny and much extensive. Absolute game recommendation!
76561198093780451,Recommended,244850,11141986,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,BRB.2018.艾维,"Once upon a time there was an Engineer in space. He didnt remember who he was why he was there, but he kept building kept   moving fowarord building another space station making another ship for the purpose of self-fulfilment... or maybe he just didnt want to write his social science essay :/"
,Recommended,244850,13522325,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vav,"Great game, but those damn jetpacks."
,Recommended,244850,11599270,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,AtomicGaming,It is the most fun game ever created. All of its physics has a realistic touch to it. Love it! MultiGoldensilver Seal :P
76561198067934602,Recommended,244850,10307498,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Reeeeeeee,AMAZING like a better version of minecraft..... IN SPACE
76561198072345997,Recommended,244850,11294101,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Fight Doggo,"bump into anything, need to weld your ship for 20 minutes10/10"
76561198121945016,Recommended,244850,11312474,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Tereeseeus,VERY KEWL
,Recommended,244850,11319998,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Se7enthChoice,"BEst game I've played in a while, so cool, addicting and it needs to be seen by more people."
,Recommended,244850,10683707,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arti,"Never thought doing a whole lot of welding could be so satisfying.This is a very good sandbox game... and it's in SPACE!So yeah... uhm. If you like those, buy it."
,Recommended,244850,12435730,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MatingSeason,Best money spent on a game.Frequent updates.Optimisation improves.Co op building projects are better than life itself.
76561198047916528,Recommended,244850,9680649,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Superbentley,This is the best game ever.
76561198039539697,Recommended,244850,8855712,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jackademus,good. really fun
,Recommended,244850,8884115,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Cpt. Cthulhu,This is what people forgot to hype up with StarCitizen.
,Recommended,244850,8885015,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,fin150,"highly recomend this game. a whole lot of fun to play, and can't wait for my friends to get it so that i can play with them."
76561198044498339,Recommended,244850,8887743,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Jonnyblu3eyes,Space Engineers has to be one of the best space games i have played. Even know I am terrible at it and cant building anything works the way i want it to i still am having a lot of fun in this game. I can’t wait for the next updates :)
76561198030832236,Recommended,244850,8003865,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,wingdune41,"Best destruction engine on all games iv seen except mabye redfaction 3, but is easily the best at construction, highly recomend."
76561198073358970,Recommended,244850,7976402,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Katyusha,Great game! Love crashing my ships into the premade ones
,Recommended,244850,8961963,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cezzerz セゼレ,must buy! multiplayer exists now!
,Recommended,244850,7904328,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ON-X,"Has great potential, definitely worth the investment to get the devs going."
76561198039508029,Recommended,244850,7963804,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Butcher,Buy It Now
,Recommended,244850,7941742,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Brother Sunny [recruiting 4 KG],"EARLIER REVIEW:Recently the developers took a load of acid and started ignoring the community after bugging the players to vote them indy game of the year.This game is going down the drain as fast as KSH is raking in the money, another great reason never to buy games in early access.UPDATED REVIEW:They've changed their ways."
,Recommended,244850,8315440,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Screeb,"Anyone who likes space battles, or Minecraft, or BOTH, WILL LOVE THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,244850,8321476,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Shaq d''o neel,"Great game, Some functions are working and some are not, but it is easily the best alpha I have ever played. If you have ever played Star-Made, it is similar to that with better graphics and better physics and damage models"
,Recommended,244850,8323403,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Slave Ray,"this is so awesome. its like playing minecraft, but with better graphinc's... AND IN SPACE!!! :D"
76561198098437924,Recommended,244850,8544131,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,FlyingMonkey472,"Completely awsome, just need to hurry up and make the 64bit version so i can use more memoryEdit:  This is now at a much later date than when i first reviewed; there is a 64bit version, i still totally recommend this game, it is incredibly better than when i first reviewed it. There is just too much in game now to explain every awesome thing you can do. But here is a short list anyway:1: Make spaceships and stations exactly the way you want2: Manipulate gravity to fling massive shells of metal at other ships3: Build a space station inside an asteroid4: Make cars to drive around inside your station/ship5: Play online and try to survive with some friends6: Create advanced mechanisms such as hangar doors using rotors7: Use a grinder on your friends/enemies8: Awesome destruction mechanicsThat was just a short list of vague things you can do, but as awesome as it may sound, there are a few downsides:1: Can be rather demanding, and run at lower FPS even on high-end machines if worlds get complex (heavy on graphics processing mostly, until stuff crashes)2: sometimes blocks appear to stretch and deform at random in the most ridiculous ways, with absolutely no reason (such as an impact)those were the only 2 downsides i could really think of at the moment, which is not really too bothersome as long as you have a decent computer, and i highly recommend this game if you also like things such as minecraft"
76561198137653131,Recommended,244850,29698226,Posted: 4 February,all,badcop1000,very fun but some bugs but other than that its really a great game!
,Not Recommended,244850,26318469,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[Pr0_5]EliteDarkLord_666,"As of update 158, the game i a steaming pile of unstable♥♥♥♥♥♥ Building ships is fun, survival could be awesome, the idea is there. Nonetheless, the bugs, fps drops and crashes would be too much for a new player, so until further change, i do not recommend this game."
76561198074281516,Recommended,244850,29698170,Posted: 4 February,all,Internet Troll,"If you like Minecraft and spaceships you will probably like this game.  There is both a survival mode and creative mode available for this game.  However, this game is still in beta and there is some bugs in this game but nothing that is terrible."
76561198035804988,Recommended,244850,20136652,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,"Beat ""TheMeat"" Pete","I don't have any of the bug issues as others have stated.  It will run a little slow if you have graphics maxed and are working on a megagoliath ship.  It is afterall a physics game.  It can also take a while to load too if you have a large project going.  I have to say addicting and fun though,  pm me anyone looking for a good time"
,Recommended,244850,20128843,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ak'Vax,"Of course during this stage of development, there is not much to offer. But what there is is what counts. Fantastic game, even better with friends. Please fix  metal spawn rates, whenever i load a lone survivor world there never seems to be 2 metals"
,Recommended,244850,20151563,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Caterpillar,Build the spaceship of your dreams. Spent hours of work finding resources and assembling pieces together. Then forget to put a thruster in the other direction and see your spaceship flying away forever. Nice.
,Recommended,244850,20101495,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ItsLiam,Good game!
76561198050491512,Recommended,244850,8031364,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,GTMasterMan,Very good game!
76561198078248695,Recommended,244850,16521856,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,A brisky little challenger,This game is awesome if you are a creative person. you can build your own ships and systems and battle with your friends.But its not over yet. because each update brings new stuff to enjoy and this game has just started off.It is a hell lot of work to build a good ship tho.
,Recommended,244850,7653141,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,104. Infantry Company,"awesone game, a little bit like MineCraft but in space :D. Though a bit unfinished"
76561197964258158,Recommended,244850,12320109,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,[FR]Alteck Sunaj,Great sandbox game and quite realistic
,Recommended,244850,12320956,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Flibedi-floob,"Excellent time-waster.You start off thinking you're going to build a ship, so that you can fly around and ""have fun"" somehow. (Of course you don't have any friends to have fun with, and should really be dating girls, but your lack of social skills is why you're sitting and wasting time playing games.)After stumbling around in survival mode, slowly piecing together stuff, you discover that this pace won't do, so you enter creative mode. You drag up a big, big field of building blocks. Yes, this is how big your ship is going to be, and it has room for everything: A bridge, and an engineering section, and maybe some crew quarters.So you start building, and you discover that you were wrong. This ship has to have a med bay too. ...and an armory. ...and hangar bays. ...and huge hangar doors operated by pistons. ...and maintenance ducts. ...and security checkpoints. ...and a cafeteria. ...and an officer's quarters. ...and an officer's mess. ...and a planning room. ...and hydrophonics. ...and a waiting hall. ...and a storage sector. ...and a refinery. ...and toilets. ...and a shower room. ...and escape pods. ...and drone control rooms. ...and landing platforms with blinking platform lights. ...and turret defenses. ...and interior turret defenses. ...and a brig. Gaaaaaah! It's good that space is so big, or else your ship wouldn't fit in it. You thought building a spaceship would take just a week of your time? Pfft. You'll be building your first ship forever. In the end it will be two miles long, and would need to have four layers of armour to withstand possible assaults from not only gunfire, but missiles, torpedoes and warheads that can otherwise just annihilate all you've built in no time at all.Now you just need to build the space station where this behemoth can dock....so in the end, this game is a lesson in humility. It contains everything you wanted for a space adventures except aliens. ...but I'm sure that this won't be a problem to implement either."
76561198115314819,Recommended,244850,12327216,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Revan,fun game i new and been watching vids make me buy thing i wish i got it when it 1st come out i missed out on alot of fun but this game really fun it let you build cool and funny ships i hopeing to try online game if my friends get this game
76561198103219395,Recommended,244850,12328199,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kool_Aid,"Great game, busy devs i forget this is early access often"
76561198121380601,Recommended,244850,12331406,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,merplyderp,"Amazing graphics, textures, and general game play. Tons of open world feature like copy/paste, blueprints (recently added), and good multiplayer support (needs work). This game brings your inner child out. All those hours of dreaming about having or making a space ship is possible in this game. Tons of modding support and many mods to choose from. Also an extensive dedicated server option for those who would like to play privately with friends.One of the bast games I have ever played10/10If you like sandbox and space games this is the perfect love child of the two. Deffinently get this game!P.s. Have a mid-high end GPU because the bigger your ship the laggier it gets."
76561198136804054,Recommended,244850,12331824,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Captainjack1988,"This game is truley amazing fun, possibly the most ive had on a simple miner/creator game in a long time, except that its not so simple. It does take a bit of getting used too but after the first couple of hours the od wrong key press wont even matter anymore because you will be too engrossed in creating unbelievable space ships and then crashing them into each other. This game really is brilliant a must have!!!"
76561198085628659,Recommended,244850,12332869,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Parzival,I love this game.  Every week they have been comming out with an update.  At this point the game has come very very far.  And it still has a little way to go.  Me and my friend have been having fun with this game.
76561198203877836,Recommended,244850,21175358,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DEL,this is a great game im having alot of fun with designing my ships and using them also the survival is awasome. start with your lander make a base and become more and more succesful its so fun from solar to reactors this game does not run out of fun. and the multiplayer is suprisingly stable like when you fight with 2 big ships the lag isnt evem bad so if you think of buying it has pritty big sales and alot of fun :D
76561198024500931,Recommended,244850,21259625,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Melburd,"Reviewing Space Engineers comes with a bit of a problem, because as much as I want to give it a glowing review, I'm still bitter about the solid month it took the dev team to finally get around to fixing their♥♥♥♥♥♥after the Dx11 update. I have almost a thousand hours logged on this f*cking game. Do you have any idea how much masturbation I had to do to fill that void?All jokes aside though... Yes. This is a game worth buying. Because in Space Engineers you can design and build a fully detailed million ton space battleship and use it to glass a solar system. If that right there didn't sell it for you, I don't know what will. That isn't just ambition, that is insane.You're an engineer. In space- the ultimate sandbox, being pretty much a near perfect void 'n all. Aside from the bits that aren't. Like most sandboxes its pretty empty, and enemies are surprisingly scarce- the occasional AI attack, or juicy NPC ships to steal if you're feeling piritical. You mine resources and build♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretty much any♥♥♥♥♥♥you could imagine you'd want to build in space and yes that is rather reminiscent of minecraft, isn't it? But minecraft never let you play with a million tons of space battleship so the comparison is rather void. Nevertheless, it is worth saying that this is more creativity toy than game. Play with friends. Like most sandbox games you will probably want to mod it a lot, which is fine because the modding community seems to be way more into the project than the damned dev team behind it.As the astute reader may have gathered by the opening of this review, it seems that for every step the dev team take there are another three steps to the side before the entire thing crashes, dies and needs more frantic hotfixes. With pretty much every early access game you expect the bug reports section of the forum to be by far the biggest, but DAMN. Optimization? Eventually someone will get around to it, but I suspect they'll be the one that drew a short straw. This is a game that literally tries to simulate a solar system. If you want to run it, a decent rig is utterly essential. Play it for a hundred hours and you are going to encounter issues that will make the game unplayable. Sadly, that is just how things are. Each fix brings more issues that need fixing, and so far this seems to be a never ending cycle.On the other hand, if you can get past that or suffer through it, what you have is any scifi nerd's wet dream. You can build your own fleets and square them off against likeminded others, if the netcode holds up. You can claim (or crash onto) a whole world and defend it against waves of AI enemies, if you have the ambition. You can go on the forums and complain that the game isn't realistic enough, if you're a tosser.Something for almost everyone!"
76561198132812456,Recommended,244850,21263438,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Captanegan,"Fun, but very compilcated."
76561198155398406,Recommended,244850,21217269,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SilverKnight317,"This is a very enjoyable game. The only difference when it comes to this is you need to have a lot of patience for getting resources, building bases, and making space ships. And when it comes to getting griefed you just look for small servers that are nice and quiet. I play on a small server and I haven't had any problems other than crashing my ships"
76561198140482334,Recommended,244850,21224620,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Zannador,Space Engineers is the best space sandbox game.
76561198274274683,Recommended,244850,21225407,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TheDevilHimself666,This game is awesome!!!!
,Recommended,244850,21208273,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Trevor Wolfer,IT IS SO MUCH FUN
76561198054714396,Recommended,244850,21210656,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,lancent,"Excellent game (still in early acces, so they still work on it) for those who like build and improve/rebuild from scratch things.Despite some problems of optimization, if you don't build ultra-massive battleships for your computer you will be able to fully enjoy this game.Edit : still can't play to this game because I lack of a good enought computer, but it's one of theses games you still watch developpers updates' videos to keep on touch with news and improvements."
,Recommended,244850,21230572,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Anon 03,Fun to play with friends messing around.It's like Minecraft in space in HD.
76561198048507627,Recommended,244850,21213516,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,QuirkyTurtle,10/10 Would crash due to windows 10 again.
76561198212233727,Recommended,244850,21215044,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,ThePike,"the game is nice for people that likes space,vehicles,combat and survival.but needs work to not lag on planets"
76561198002600578,Recommended,244850,12320247,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Kruxtan,Constant Updates Keeping Things Fresh With New Amazing Content.
,Recommended,244850,12329822,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Cossack-chan,Built a giant death star. Blew it up
,Recommended,244850,12332349,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Charlesmaximus,"This game is definitely a great mixture of Eve Online, DayZ, and Minecraft all rolled into one game.  I imagine this game is going to be one that I play a lot of.  I recommend this to anyone who is a fan of space sims, or any of the games I listed above!"
,Recommended,244850,12429834,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Kai,Great game. Very good value. New features keep getting added so it can only get better.
,Recommended,244850,12429948,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,乇 乂 ㄒ 尺 卂   ㄒ 卄 ｜ 匚 匚,"Space Engineers is known as the ""Minecraft"" of space. There are multiple pros and multiple cons to this game, but tldr;it's totally worth the $20.ProsAbove Average GraphicsSandboxGood PhysicsFun Co-opSpaaaaaceeeeeDifferent ship sizes impact the customization capabilitiesNo Factions (You choose your playstyle(Only applicable in multiplayer))Destructive WeatherConsSolo play gets boring quickGame can get laggy if weapons are spammedShips fly away with the antenna intact will fly off into deep space forever, permenantley leaving an iconLots of antennas can clog the screen with iconsNo AI besides un-manned shipsGrinder tool takes too long to destroy certain blocksIn other words:10/10 - IGN"
,Recommended,244850,12429949,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Prenecae,Great game for anyone who likes to create! A special emphasis is placed on machines and design over simply building objects. substantial and suprisingly almost bug free updates every Thursday.
,Recommended,244850,12430061,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,zim2002,flubber
,Recommended,244850,12430592,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,HDXero,i very much love this game. it is a work of art. i love minecraft and heard about this and think that its kind of like minecraft but way more advanced. its a joy to play. i highly recomend it.         :)
76561198066714789,Recommended,244850,12432476,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Tobes,awesome sandbox space game
,Recommended,244850,12432723,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Darth Norcinu,hey guys play this game pliz it`s awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,244850,12433238,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Shamed Medic,"I was coming here to post a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review, but since I havent played it in a while, fired it up and decided to not do that. I am amazed with how far this game has come in the short time i've owned it. Before it was unplayable, now its awesome! As long as you dont try to be a hero and max out all settings in armagedon mode, this is perfect XD"
76561198093580283,Recommended,244850,12434325,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,JohnSeakƸ,"Sometimes i trying to join a world it crashes and it says me ""Not enough memory"" wth is that(having 4gb)?Anyway,its the best space sandbox ever made(my opinion)and it stills on early access.Wow imagine how this game will be in the future.!! 11\10Edit:5/8/2016When i launch the game it say unsupported graphics card...man i was running the game perfectly with my hd 7770,on medium with planets...i cant understand."
76561198105407518,Recommended,244850,12434416,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Night Shade321,"It is a great game for people wo loves to be in space, and build in a sandbox survival or creative game."
76561198070399537,Recommended,244850,12434842,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mr11ama,amazing game and great phyisics just wish i had a better pc to run it on so there would be no lag but i really think its good and the building mechanics are also greati <3 space engii's
,Recommended,244850,12438078,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Chaosheavens,This game has SO much potential! It get's updated VERY frequently and everytime is just adds more and more greatness to this already great game!
76561198089707393,Recommended,244850,12438232,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,saywutnow,"Got hooked on the free trial. Its a great new twist on this type of gameplay. controls take a little getting used to, butnothing that takes away from the enjoyment of the game. I can only suggest to pick it up and try it a bit, it'll kill time fast."
76561198083863839,Recommended,244850,12438916,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,[L²:RP] Mr Bumble,amazing...
76561198082097433,Recommended,244850,12442945,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,He Got Away,"Very awesome space simulator, tons of destruction and repair and multiplayer is the best :) Still being worked on and i can't wait to see what's next ^^ Look it up on youtube if interested :3"
76561198143646265,Recommended,244850,12442965,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ManyFacedGod,good game just takes a little too long to load
,Recommended,244850,12354204,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,review brah survived at dennys,A game that you can pretty much build 'lotta stuff.   8/8 m8
76561198110644044,Recommended,244850,12392793,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cyanide+People,Space Engineers is one of the best games i've play'd.
,Recommended,244850,12429862,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,revalation,"I love this game and would recomend it to anyone it  is great for all if you like space games flying games or just simply building. and the devlopers do a release each week , its fantastic in my eyes"
,Recommended,244850,12434669,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Giant Todd Head,Massive lag for massive ships!
,Not Recommended,244850,20302911,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Silvre,"Somewhat Honest ReviewPros+ Everything in the game+ ModdabilityCons- Bugs- Moar bugs- Bugs that have apparently been there for years- Mediocre optimizations on some newer features- BUGSWhile this game is great, do note that there are many bugs in the game(which some apparently have been there for a long time) and can/will sometimes ruin your experience.  Overall I think this game is amazing, but in the current state of the game, loaded with bugs, I cannot recommend this to many.tl;drFix ur gaem KSWH 3manybugs5me"
76561197973362927,Recommended,244850,20218647,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,GooseWhisperer,"One time my friends and I were on a mining trip. shortly after leaving our base, our moon rover morphed into the ground. 10/10"
,Recommended,244850,21188075,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Flüff deWolf,My previous review was- harsh... mostly because of my disapointed anger with my computer and my♥♥♥♥♥♥live choices... now heres a more calm review that is not fully dictated by my potato laptop :IGood things:- Amazing ship crashes (even planets have destrution physics <3)- multiplayer- Graphics look good... but not for meBad things:- Confusing/ bad/ lots-of controls- Jetpack induced nausea... oh god...Thats really all thats bad with this game besides it hating my computer or vice versa.Would I recommend it? yes(if you have super beefy system)Would I play more of it? NOWas it my favorite game? was...
,Recommended,244850,21182655,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,nickfogt7,i absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! the game but one problem. now i cant open it please help devs!
,Recommended,244850,21196543,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,CommunistCarl,"This game is GREAT!!!! there are a few bugs that need to be fixed (hey it's still early access), but the Dev's are Continually working on it."
76561198054555624,Recommended,244850,21198215,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,approximatezero,planets :)
76561198055621779,Recommended,244850,21068478,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,colesml,I love this game and have seen it evolve from pre alpha to hopfully soon Beta.  however their are some complaints i would like to address like wheel pysics and no in-game chat in the future i would like to see the implementation of in-game chat other than that its a great game
,Recommended,244850,21068761,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Arcadian Dragon,"Great game which allows you to survive using what's given to you. Mine, salvade, and protect yourself with basic resources and equipment.Just be warned the planetary update is very direct x 11 heavy. If you don't have a Nvidia 8 series / ATI r7 or higher, you may run into issues on the planets."
76561198136182073,Recommended,244850,19054188,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,PixelNeo [DN],"I've played SE since it was first released on steam, and even though I've only been back to it every now and then I'd have to say Keen Software House has done an excellent job of bringing us a space builder sim. Now with planets that you can craft to almost anything your imagination desires."
,Recommended,244850,21011777,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Jackyboy2897,its lots of fun i love it
,Recommended,244850,12364459,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,TurtleBook,I Put A Mini Ship Inside Of My Big Ship And It Exploded :D i like explosions
76561198048632949,Recommended,244850,12377875,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,dragonmp93,Its really fun sandbox.
,Recommended,244850,12429515,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Xombie21,I absolutly love this game. I can build any space ship/station i can imagine and the dev's are amazing 10/10 would reccomend.
76561198081046704,Recommended,244850,12429630,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sea Salt Soiree,Bes gam evr
,Recommended,244850,12429782,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RedFlameGaming,Cool game Just got back into playing it :D
76561198008846244,Recommended,244850,12431986,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Fat Barry,It's just so COOL. No other word for it!
76561197991266870,Recommended,244850,12432650,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Solastar,"This is probably my favortie game ever. Be forewarned though you can lose many many hours to it. There is always something that needs to be done, ways to improve your ships mining refining capacity, building defenses scouting raiding running. The list goes on and on. I love it highly recommened."
76561198030802150,Recommended,244850,12432859,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,the skinless bleeder,it's fat.
76561197982403851,Recommended,244850,12433449,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Old_Fart,"This is an excellent sandbox game, plan on hours of lost time though ;)"
,Recommended,244850,21671958,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,OldFishPool,"*planets update comes out*loads up a new game*is floating in space*sees planet*heads towards planet*planet is very far*builds ship*ship is as fast as my jetpack*ditches ship*flies with jetpack to planet*goes to make food*still flying*goes to the bathroom*still flying*starts watching tv*still flying*checks game 10 minutes later*pretty close to surface*cant slow down from the jetpack speed*hits the ground so hard, goes through surface*is stuck in the center of the earthThis game has given me such experiences that i feel no other game can give me"
76561198116768420,Recommended,244850,22325280,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Meme supreme,I have loved building fake rockets in minecraft but when I saw that a game existed that you could build large ships and rockets in space I was excited.  I highly recommend this game because of all the amazing things you could do in this game. BUY IT!!!!
76561197970624799,Recommended,244850,22796052,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,*DD* Psyco,"game just keeps getting better, also steam workshop is realy good some great mods out there so thanks to all the modders aswell as the makers,  one thing i find lacking with this great game, is my imagination to build stuff xD to many projects half done before i break the save and start somthing new, only thing id like to see improved is the amount of stuff you can have in 1 server before it gets laggy(not saying u cant already build some rediculiosly big stuff, but i wanna build a whole city on a few planets :D), but i think every time they update it i will hit the peak any way casue i like to build big :Dohhh one tiny thing about it and i dunno how ud correct it, when u build on a planet a massive platform to build off, by the time u walk from where u started to the end of the platform ull be leaning over casue the gravity pull will have shifted, but u can build some mega stuff before this becomes a issue, just dont build a city the span of a massive creator on mars ;), mayby a bendy connection so u can link a group of buildings up with out them being perfectly alligned :Dpsi know your working on npcs, thatll just bring this game to life, but please add either trading npcs that are customisable, or a trade station so people can buy and trade if they prefer playing single player or just setting up a server10/10 great game, thank you"
,Recommended,244850,24920397,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FilthyFrankTV,It's the game you play when you can't afford No Man's Sky
76561198097158131,Recommended,244850,19877917,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Spaced out engineer,Its so cool fly around inpremade ships or build youre own+ download from workshop
,Recommended,244850,10396901,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,rh27un,Engineers. In space.10/10
76561198009668259,Not Recommended,244850,24046257,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Luky Strike,"The game is dead.No official servers and no gameplay, this game is dead. Always start from scratch on servers that disappear after a week, or have a SimSpeed 0.5, it is stressful !! I am very disappointed by the developers who are not able to make this game fun and grow as the community wants. Maybe they have earned enough money to simply get out unnecessary updates and not think about what you really need. From today I do not recommend this game to everyone. I bought the game just came out I gave too much confidence, now I'm tired !!! I would get the money back !!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,244850,23641520,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Goddamnit Klinda,This game is amazingYou can create things of any nature!With things!
76561198065060009,Recommended,244850,23642356,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jock_Itch,its good it just needs more creatures!!!
,Recommended,244850,25723959,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tuubi,i like it
76561198051666957,Recommended,244850,27355584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TCKblade,I would recommend the game because why not build ships and fight other players whilst slowly falling into a into the gravity of a planet and crash landing.Tip: Jump before you crash!
,Recommended,244850,26730921,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,amrty01,I like this game i have been playing it for a long time and have really enjoyed it. since the planet update i feel that the overall game has gotten better even though i hate the cyber dogs
,Recommended,244850,27288267,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Valdrin,Probably the only game you can find massive steel plates from the inside of robot dogs.
,Recommended,244850,29411403,Posted: 21 January,all,CosmicAgreesor,This is a great and some nearly perfect game but it still requires some improvement such as better phisics.but overall 7/10
,Recommended,244850,26432459,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Rob Boss,If ya like space and have a LOT of time on ur hands
76561198071585445,Recommended,244850,29032144,Posted: 5 January,all,general kitten(FI),this game is generally goodpros:-building is fun-destroying things are even funnier-destroying mechanics are one of the best i think only besiege wins space engineers destroying mechanics-survival is good-modscons:-there can and will be bugs-there is things to do better with multiplayer-if you dont have alot of time: 75% of the game is not for you (you can still download things from workshop and destroy stuff)-needs goodish cpu and more than avarage ram(16gb)
76561198118314936,Recommended,244850,21013420,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Kspread,I love this game but for some reason somtimes after loading it crashes. I have submited it to keens software house(it gives you that option each time it has a bug) but the problum still has not been fixed.
76561198198427077,Recommended,244850,21013945,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RegularRuby,this game is like minecraft in space with more to do.i love this game i have played over 146 houres but i have not got board.!!IT IS WELL WORTH YOUR MONEY!!
76561197964088063,Recommended,244850,20978806,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Profile Name,It took me while to find out how to build but once you know how to its easy. Mods make this game 100% better btw. im not saying vanilla is boring but its More fun with mods.
,Recommended,244850,20481262,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Valid,Absolutely hilarious when you play with friends (and good internets).
,Recommended,244850,18330820,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ghost,A friend asked me to help him build a space station.Day 1:He asked me to put lights in the hangars. I turned it into a disco. He shot me dead.Day 2:I told him I will change the elevators with a new concept I came up with which used gravity to take you from one floor to the other without affecting the rest of the station. I forgot to put a ceiling to one of those gravitetional elevators and my friend was launched in outer space. He came back and shot me dead.Day 3:I painted a room pink. He shot me dead.Day 4:I told him I would install a defence system and a control panel for all turrets and doors. When I was done I used the panel to aim the turrets at him all the time. When he realized I was behind that he rushed in the control room. I had put a turret on the ceiling. I took my revenge and locked myself inside. The control room was seperated from the hangars with just a glass panel. He came back with his fighter spaceship and blew up the whole room.10/10 would help friend again.
76561198081370472,Recommended,244850,28924440,Posted: 1 January,all,AvaFelix,"it's a good game, a little buggy and annoying with a jetpack. other than that it's good. also there is no reason to lag... internet providers like AT&T and windstream just SUCK so bad"
,Not Recommended,244850,16313309,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Slender Chicken,Its like medeval engineers except in space.
76561198078120562,Recommended,244850,26963365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hackerman,Very good.
76561198279203358,Recommended,244850,28796482,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ben solo,it's a nice game to play but it's sad that my pc can't run it
76561198033193766,Recommended,244850,28399895,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,YOOOHOOO,It is a very fantastic game.Many chinese are like it.please ADD chinese language
76561198295708268,Recommended,244850,29573566,Posted: 29 January,all,SCORCH_RC1262_,best creative game out there. if u like minecraft this is way better. creativity+weapons of mass destruction+ sapceships = death
76561198076508079,Recommended,244850,28476601,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ShellyTheSeal,This game caused my hard drive to kill itself.But up until then I was building huge ships 10/10
,Recommended,244850,17844837,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Bibbly,"Space, Ships, Jump Drives, More Space, It's everything you could want to play and more. The ship ideas are endless aswell as just being able to make and create everything just to survive in space.  Meteors a'♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,244850,11211624,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Krombo,Is mincraft with spaceships
,Recommended,244850,19642850,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,How Do I Quickscope?,I fink u freeky and I like you alot
76561198132193003,Recommended,244850,12571810,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bipolarbear,"1. Spent 30 min trying to figure out how to equip tools.2. Build a square box ship thing.3. Couldnt figure out how to use the gatling guns.4. Went online to check, I saw many amazing warships.5. Realized id never be that good at building.6. Now I spend my time making kamikaze ships34/10"
,Recommended,244850,9802314,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,RoCK,Buy it
76561198121058228,Recommended,244850,18643002,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Strayed,"Relaxing, calming and prone to let you build monstruous ships: that is how I would describe Spess Engineeers.I bought it quite a while, always kept on my pc since, I must say that my 130 hours might look meager now, but every hour spent buildng, engineering, exploring, exploding, destroying, bombarding and again building, have been relaxing and very enjoyed.''All engines are on, GET TO RAMMING SPEED!''"
,Recommended,244850,19077848,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Beast #Beastiality,epic buy it
,Recommended,244850,19116909,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Araytha [MAKING PROFILE DESIGNS],"Great game, Loved it before the planets update, and now love it even more with the planets :DThe devs are amazing, and watching the battle fights are always fun to watch,Community mods are amazing to improve the game experiance. What more could you want?Has planets!Has Survival!Has Multiplayer!Has Ability To create!Has Huge Ships!Has Blowing Up♥♥♥♥♥♥If thats not enough to convince you to buy the game, then nothing will."
76561198031003637,Recommended,244850,19173912,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,OutmoddedDegree0,Simply amazing in every way.  No team truly pushes the possibilities like Keen :)
,Recommended,244850,19175908,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Koeps,This game in an chellnut1.take 5/6 hours building a ship2.take it in a battle3.win the battle4.take his ship and your ship back to your base5make a bigger ship6.lose it7.start again at step 1And you know what i still love this game <3
,Recommended,244850,19178678,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Blueterrer,"First 10 minutes, blew up my space station with a the big red ship"
,Recommended,244850,19181598,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,[Eon]永遠の天,"Planets so epic they make me play at 12 fps xDOther than that, the asteroid mode, i usually run around 45-68 fps, and its alot of fun to play with  friends (can get a little boring playing solo)For extra fun with friends, set it to armageddon mode, for practically nonstop meteors smashing into your home asteroid, and blowing your stuff up as you frantically run around trying to stay alive, while watching your friends be blasted into space dust from meteor impacts.Also, if you are looking to buy, IMPORTANT, it wants 8 gigs of RAM to play, so be careful"
76561197960879103,Recommended,244850,19183592,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,TheAmazingCreep,Awesome. Unless you like using controllers with look inversion on.
,Recommended,244850,19190785,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Jim Carrey,very fun game
76561198025902899,Recommended,244850,19191230,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Sterben,"Great game bought it a long long long long time ago, the devs truly listen to the community and are involved this is a game you need to grab if you enjoy building on a huge scale. There are survival and creative modes so build in either one and online is there but its buggy atm unless you want to play with a few friends."
,Recommended,244850,11720944,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,StreakTheFox,"A very fun sandbox game that brings a new way to survive and thrive in your own little world.  Play alone and defend yourself against the elements and outside threats, or play with friends or random players on servers where you can play, fight, and do whatever!This game is a lot of fun, solo or with others, and I highly suggest it to everyone.  It's simple to play, but the more advanced you rearch and the more creative you get, the more things you can do.  Minecraft ain't got nuthin on this!"
,Recommended,244850,11735821,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Lexi,THIS GAME IS AWESOME! nothing bad about it exept you need a good graphic card and i dont :P
,Recommended,244850,11739246,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,eXploder,Absolutely amazing! As long as they don't go ruining the game when they work on it for XBAX.
,Recommended,244850,11743008,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Manical,"One of the best games I have played in a long time, and it's still early access! Must have game!"
,Recommended,244850,11735141,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Madmardigan,Great Sandbox for all you kids that liked playing with legos but did fantazise about kliming into whatever you built.
76561198038200016,Recommended,244850,11743710,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Lollis,Amazing game! Updates every thursday! Much great! Must buy! Wow!
,Recommended,244850,11735991,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,AgentWindex,There seems to be an issue when moving ores around. They tend to disappear. Whole stacks sometimes of 50k plus. Kinda gets old dealing with having to remine for these ores.
,Recommended,244850,11741539,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Evors,This game has the best damage engine by so far and the idea of the game is really good and the game gets constant updates!I think this is a must-have game!
76561198123099574,Recommended,244850,11455924,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Gandalf,"no, just yes"
76561198043384770,Recommended,244850,17709250,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,[7th-RAT] Phantomfinch,if minecraft and ksp had a baby
76561197988707447,Recommended,244850,19673009,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,carrot12,"CON: An alpha game with lots of bugs! Also when game is updated it forces you to too...which means servers you play online will be ""incompatible"" until the owner updates their server side.PRO: I HAVENT HAD THIS MUCH FUN IN A VIDEO GAME IN YEARS!It is a blast trying to design new ships and stations.....seeing what works and what doesnt.... and with the planets in the game you have not only space to explore and colonise but also the uncharted worlds and moons!Want to just do your own thing? You can run your own local private server in seconds..... want your Buddy to see your stuff? Open it to friends only or open it to public and literally run your own server!Want to be with people? Join one of the many creative or survival servers in your realtime updated list...hop around until you find one you like.....Want to see if you have the right stuff to survive in the universe for real? Play survival (much like minecraft's concept....get your own resources and build up your supplies, ship bases etc...and watch for Pirates (AI) and on some worlds you may learn to FEAR Spiders!)Want PVP???????? Oh Yes it is HERE!!!!! On survival AND creative you can combat one another if you dare.... in survival you can die! In creative only your ships,bases etc can die.Can be done on ANY server if they allow it (and many do!)Of course you could run your own server...spawn two planets or whatever.... one is your buddy's....one is yours.....  set up your bases and ships..... auto defenses etc...and then agree in a set amount of time (hour 2 hours 1 day 1 week whatever!) you will go to war with one another......of course No spying until then.....lol my buddy and I are talking of doing this in creative....just for fun.Its Alpha folks....so its a Work in Progress....if you can accept that and are a person who is patient and sees that this is a game worth investing in (and it is inexpensive really for what you get! IMHO) then this game is WELL WORTH adding to your steam library.I could see this one day being a subscription game....and buying it now locks you into it NOT being subscription for you and I!The software developer is very active company with weekly (sometimes more) updates to the game."
,Recommended,244850,19673313,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Scope,it feels so good to see a survival game done right
76561198085700788,Recommended,244850,19762805,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Shadowknight908,i love this game  it was worth the money good physics awesome to play with friends and just flat out amazing 10/10 IGN
76561198065518966,Recommended,244850,18131362,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Crunch,One of the best game i played. Some bugs are really long to get fix but still this game is hours of fun guaranteed
76561198008829627,Recommended,244850,10375927,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Kahu,.
,Recommended,244850,18338682,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Darth Tater,"In a previous version of this review, that i posted Oct 2016, i said that you needed a supercomputer to run this game.This is no longer true.Now, you can run a game (without planets) on a potato such as a surface pro 3, at a mid resolution and minimum graphics at 25fps.A world with planets runs at 10 fps with lag spikes on a surface pro 3 at minimum settings.But this game is still incredible even without planets.Bugs are rare, but when they do occur they can often result in you dying if your nearby, and your fleet self detructing and flinging itself all over the place. This is a pain, but is not a problem if you disable autosave and remember to save regularly.The game also used to take forever to open and load saves, but now it appears to do these things much faster.Overall, I highly recommend this game (but maybe not if you have a really bad sense of spatial awareness, cos then it could pretty confusing)"
,Recommended,244850,7571479,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,IndoorBradster,Wow. Much Space. Such empty. Wow
,Recommended,244850,19565278,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,SteelPrincess,"This sandbox game is okay, I don't regret buying it, but I probably won't play it much... I bought it for its similarity to another space and planet based crafting sandbox, but Space Engineers feels a lot more limited in its scope. I'd still recommend Space Engineers as an alternative, however. It definitely isn't a bad sandbox experience, by any stretch, so if these are your types of games... grab a copy."
,Recommended,244850,13090725,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,LandScrape™,Runs at a silky-smooth 15 FPS at lowest settings.On an overclocked Radeon HD 7870 GHz Edition.10/10
,Recommended,244850,10288794,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Albuss776,Best game in years can not say enough good things
,Recommended,244850,10953366,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Freshness,"Awesome game, if you like space and you ever wanted to be an engineer, get it now. It's minecraft but the better version where your creativity and your empire has no limits and there are no 10 year olds. Playing with friends makes this game 10x more fun, starting from scratch, building an empire, capturing fleets, crashing spaceships and blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥make this game a 10/10."
76561198087159738,Recommended,244850,7789600,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,¤MonK¤ Taboo | Ɖ,"Support these guys. the game is a very interesting idea, updates have been done regularly."
,Recommended,244850,9658664,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Angelus_Ex_Deus,"I have found Space Engineers to be a highly enjoyable game, in particular I like the sandbox spaceship building aspect. As it is still in early phases I imagine that the game will get even better, as currently survival mode is a little tricky and some items are yet to be fully implemented. But despite this it is still quite playable as it is."
76561198038439457,Recommended,244850,11443044,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,gamepwner32,If you can play minecraft and like it.  You can play this and love it.
,Recommended,244850,12546471,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MehnixIsThatGuy,"You could say it's minecraft in space, you'd be wrong, i feel that this game has essentially eaten away an unhealthy amount of my time, and i plan to let it eat away more.You can build giant space craft, decorate them and give them giant arms to punch things with if you wish, or make drilling  stations capable of consuming entire asteroids, sandbox playaround ability is very big, and in survival it can be quite difficult at first to make anything, but once you're set up you can have automated mining and welding drones, you can get to the stage where you essentially dont have to do any manual labour.currently i'd say that the game is definetly worth buying, at time of typing updates are pretty regular and range from cool stuff to game changing additions, and even if updates stop, hopefully the modding API will be complete and modders can finish any imperfections via steam workshop and a really good in game mod loading system.Performance-wise the game can tank severely with big ships, and even generally i'd suggest having a decent computer, other than that its hard to critisise it, its very enjoyable if you like this sort of thing and not to difficult to pick up and play!"
,Recommended,244850,10135038,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Centrelink - twitch.tv/ecentau,"A fantastic up and coming title. Plenty of hours to be had building all sorts of spacecraft and stations. Will be great to see the game develop over time. The game can definitely build steam community by its infinite creative capabilities. I keep going back to the game as it updates to build new things incorporating the latest content. Once the game incorporates multiplayer more effectively, some good space station battles will be had."
76561198090630499,Recommended,244850,19186672,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,._.,"This is a great game to play if you are very creative, although if you dont have that kin of creativity the workshop has thousands of impressive builds that are fun to use. Only problems i face are with the planets as they are a pain to try and do anything on as they are a bit buggy, this is due to the physics and physics in games are the worst to do anythign with. Although great game"
76561198083144680,Recommended,244850,7585128,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,yoloswaggins,"This game is so good, and its only in alpha. Similar to minecraft but totally different at the same time"
76561198144084286,Recommended,244850,13778619,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lincolnoskeet,Best Game I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,244850,11790928,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Sev,Good game. Takes a long time to build ships though.
76561198057223330,Recommended,244850,9677337,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,lukeed99,really good hours and hours of fun plus when more stuff comes out it will be even better!
76561198006574698,Recommended,244850,13031451,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,coriantum,good game!
76561198045938912,Recommended,244850,10385273,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,foley1471,i love it
,Recommended,244850,31027972,Posted: 8 April,all,TheLonelyDinosaur,Hard to learn but addicting
,Recommended,244850,9558094,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Eds,"Awesome Game, gets a bit boring if your by yourself, but with friends its epic!"
,Recommended,244850,10078844,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,omaha shin darude,"Probably one of the best games Ive bought in a long time, resembles Minecraft but, obviously has differences. You build ships and harvest ores from asteroid belts to build your empire of ships and fly round' the galaxy!"
76561198073745162,Recommended,244850,31403199,Posted: 27 April,all,MightyManGamer,"I love this game. Amazing creative fun. Still in development, but AMAZING for what's here.  I would suggest they still need to add lasers, forcefields, warp drive, and it would be nice to have scanners to help GPS plot where asteroids are for mining drones.However, very advanced building, with the option for remote drones that you can remote control and program with C++ and some in-game options.  The possibilities are there, however they need a way to store info from programs but they haven't yet."
,Recommended,244850,31331475,Posted: 23 April,all,Pixel 0,"Space Engineers is quite fun. In all seriousness, it offers creative freedom and destructive freedom at the same time with a bit of danger and risk. I would love to see the game become more popular and refined once it is done. I will continue to play and would recommend to those seeking artistic freedom and inventive minds."
,Recommended,244850,31417587,Posted: 28 April,all,spynorbays,"FPS! My computer not so good or bad but when if I near to any planet that being really laggy but when I look or go to space, my fps increases and doesnt make lag. please add ""REALLY LOW GRAPHICS"" option."
76561198030473752,Not Recommended,244850,24921822,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,☆Krisi[HUN](❻❾)(♋)☆ツ,"I would like to play this game, but I have not enough strong pc to the game. I would happy if the devs could optimize the game.CPU:3.4GHz Quad CoreGPU:Asus Nvidia Geforce GT 730 (4gb)RAM:8This game its not enjoyable because its very laggy. Don't buy it if you don't have atleast 12gb ram and a GTX video card, doesn't worth it."
,Recommended,244850,12935574,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lachlan-01,"I would rate this game at least 4.5/5. It is really addicting, has awesome explosion effects and the developers release updates very commonly fixing bugs or adding new items to the game. There are one or two things I would like to see improved though, mainly being the addition of more interior items for larger ships and stations such as decorations or furnature but overall I love the concept of the game. If you like action and spaceship battling than I would say this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,244850,31451441,Posted: 29 April,all,LIFFT,I love this game its truely amazing!
76561198102302476,Recommended,244850,31453571,Posted: 29 April,all,Mr. Munkey,Great game! Tons of content.
76561198087684873,Recommended,244850,31447003,Posted: 29 April,all,gazorpazorpfield,hard and fun
76561198091467820,Recommended,244850,9868199,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Solumn Trade,"If you're a fan of Minecraft, but want something a little more robust and a lot more sci-fi, then this is the game for you. I suppose the best comparison would be that if Minecraft were Legos, then Space Engineers is an Erector set. Instead of a humble crafting bench that forges together the materials you've pulled out of the ground, you can make sprawling factories that pump out building supplies, fueled by an extensive mining operation that can grind away entire astroids the size of mountains; so long as you're ambitious enough. More content is being added rapidly, and I firmly believe that this style of game will set the new standards for open-world sandboxes.There is a few negatives though. As always, there are the trolls, so you may want to hide your ship or station if you plan on playing with the puplic. (Some jerk spawned in and rammed a naturally spawning ship that I had captured. Unfortunately, everyone who spawns in gets a 'rescue ship' with which to survive with, or in the case of trolls ram with.) Also, the maps, although larger than from the game Rust, feels kind of small even on the largest settings because of the ability to travel at high velocities, and due to being in space you can see pretty much the entire map. However, although astroids have quite a far draw distance, ships and stations thankfully do not. So despite the map feeling small, there are plenty of places to hide, including inside the larger astroids.That aside, it has its fair share of self-made humorous moments, brought on by the game's physics engine. One time I attempted to move one ship with another by locking onto it. Unfortunately, the fuel ran dry just as I was about finished. With no fuel, the ship couldn't steady itself and thus the two ships were locked into a spinning death spiral. Unable to stop it, I had to bail. I tried to bring fuel to it, but the two ships were spinning too fast and I banged against it and died. Solumnly, I could not help but laugh as both ships spiraled off into space, never to return...one of which was my friend's. He, of coarse, was laughing.)This game rewards ingenuity, makes failure spectacular, and keeps you comming back for more."
,Recommended,244850,11496647,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bird,Build cool ships. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,244850,31472943,Posted: 30 April,all,fridayknight03,"This is my favorite game, i have a low end computer and i even suffer through the lag just because i enjoy the game so much"
,Recommended,244850,7834208,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,davieholgate,"Brilliant, definetely woth buying, unless you dont like blck / construction games.+ Constantly Updated+ Detailed ship construction / destruction+ Brillian graphical performance- No MP (yet)- No PvP (yet)- Current world is only 20x20x20 kilometers, (maybe expand to 50x50x50 kilometers when game goes 64 - Bit."
,Recommended,244850,9700645,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Zerf,Blowin♥♥♥♥♥♥up in space its right on the bestest.
76561198086935304,Recommended,244850,10338851,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Nuclear Titan 9,PLEASE RELEASE FOR MAC!!! my friend owns a Mac and he wants this game!
,Recommended,244850,23085581,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Syr3L,Space Engineers is a creative Game where you can design your own Ships and Stations in Space ...Now with Planets too :)So join the Creators of the Future
,Recommended,244850,23090981,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Cootason,"Spent countless hours playing this over my home network with my brother, a great ship builder the most interesting thing I found so far is unleashing your creativity to see what kind of ships you can build.then watching the ships you build crush the enemy drones and pirates.I would love to see where this game ends up in the next couple of years as it is currently a lot of fun and it can onl keep getting better from here."
76561198105469887,Recommended,244850,24870801,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Zonatedfuture,No more bugs.. please....
76561198107361598,Recommended,244850,9412873,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sion darkcloud,good game a bit of a  lag when to much stuff in one area
,Recommended,244850,10102802,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,PrincessElla,A grown-up version of MC with some really interesting concepts.
76561197996892763,Recommended,244850,9264443,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,FraggaMuffin,"This game is so much fun, I can't stop playing it.I definitly recommend giving this game a go."
76561198130649825,Recommended,244850,18318427,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,|TP| Salé,"One of the best games I've ever played10/10-Trust me, I'm an engineer"
,Recommended,244850,14994113,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Cardăsda,"Where do I start...? Bah!Soooo much fun building, destroying and building again, etc, etc, etc... If you like sandbox games, you'll love it. If you like building things, you'll love it. If you like sci-fi, you'll love it. If you like realistic physics in a game, you'll love it. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,244850,9656216,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Space Doge,An awsome Spaceship Crashing Sim :)
,Recommended,244850,12112228,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ThatDemonicGuy ツ,Fun game where you can build your own space ship and do loads of stuff. you can build you own creative ship in creative mode or work hard to make a giant fighter in survival mode. Either way the game is really fun to play!
76561198106126536,Recommended,244850,16673611,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,U.S.S.R,tbis game is really cool
76561198079668172,Recommended,244850,9470377,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,deathreaper59,"Excellent game so far, controls take a bit to get used to building in space but then again that is probally just me.I love the concept and am really enjoying it so far!"
76561198060633087,Recommended,244850,7686281,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,sam2864,Just great!
,Recommended,244850,28280782,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,brandonac45,This is what no mans sky should have been
,Recommended,244850,21615760,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Coolguy425,11/10 would recive a deadly dose of space again
,Recommended,244850,12496757,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Fire Storm,8/8 no h8 m8
,Recommended,244850,7477588,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Bingo,This game has a huge potential!
,Recommended,244850,8223129,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Profile retrieved,"Like Minecraft in space or starmade, except with physics and the fact it's actuallygoodUpdate: Updates are regular and fast, with recent editions being weapons (hand-held automatic rifle, chain-guns and missiles) and most notably, multiplayer, which I might add is hilarious fun."
,Recommended,244850,8870672,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,AidWil,GOTY 10/10
76561198156050033,Recommended,244850,12259732,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,WookieWarrior,The best game I have played in a long time. You can build stations with others and make a faction with them. You can also fight as a pirate. You can be a well defended merchant. You can even be a military faction.
76561198023446078,Recommended,244850,9973051,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Cpt_Linné,SPACE! ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
76561198031435001,Recommended,244850,9991772,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,[506Peacewalker,"The only problem with this game is that i have modify all my ships every update.Me:     -""There it goes, mah new drilling ship, state of the art right there!""Game: -""NEW UPDATE!, Conveyor tubes!""Me:      -""...damn it!"".... goes back to work,15400145/10Buy it! Space Awaits!"
,Recommended,244850,9942064,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,The General,"I liked it better when it first came out. It was less complex and made more sense to me  that it does now. But, it is still a great game and i would recommend it to anyone who likes sandboxs or space."
76561198005502628,Recommended,244850,12526771,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Ragnar Yager,"This is for ppl who like Minecraft, Planet Explorers and other voxel-based gamesOkay, this is one of the most potential voxel games i ever played. It is till in alpha stage but the weekly update adds always something great to work with. Shure, there are several bugs and with every update they get more but the devs really try to fix them and the workshop-moding-comunity is breathtaking awesome. Its Free this Weekend so load it, try it and then you will buy it. There are 2 different modes who are almost self explaining: Creation & Survival. Although Survival gets a little short on challenges after several hours (and i think this will change in some time) it is real fun and with one or two buddies in mp you can really have some great time with mining, building and surviving the god damn meteors XDAt the moment there are some performance issues of course because its a really source hungry game.I hope that they will add much more content in the future and bring out a game that really deserves the name Space Engineers. And i hope it will be fully playable in multiplayer."
76561198035835033,Recommended,244850,9975290,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Schmecker,Great game!! plenty of customizing and building!...Quite a few updates for an alpha game as well!!
,Not Recommended,244850,19421218,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spooky Lime,gr8 story tbh
76561198047807580,Recommended,244850,19228206,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Der Krampus,Omg i love this game but we need actual water!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,244850,25454080,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Tusami,"Im not gonna lie. This game is terrible if you dont have freinds to run it with who are technologically well off. The main error I see when trying to boot this is ""Graphics card is not supported or under minimum requirements"" Well, I have a GTX 970 Overclocked and a Intel Core i5-6600K.The Gameplay :Its fun to build stuff, but to be honest its just empty. This is a mile wide but an inch deep V2. 1.6 hours and I request a refund bad."
,Recommended,244850,14650787,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,yrneh,8/8 m8 gr8 game
76561198059458137,Recommended,244850,8680828,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,אוּמצָה,Awesome.
76561198188712051,Recommended,244850,15217114,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,caidkilla,If you like being creative then this is the game to play HANDS DOWN BETTER THAN MINCRAFT!!!!!
76561198133118817,Recommended,244850,15979314,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Alterran Longbow,"This is the perfect (Non RTS) game for me.-Pros--Almost unlimited creativity-Awesome planets to explore-Survival and creative game modes-Create ships and stations-Wide variety of features; including gravity, oxygen etc.-Steam Workshop-Scenario editor for; E.G: making custom missions and races-Cons--Some FPS issues occasionally when playing planets-Some bugs, but what can I say? It's early access. This is normal.If you make enough goat sacrifices to Klang every day, may he bless you with stable rotors and pistons."
76561198120190064,Recommended,244850,19084812,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Thebambisitter,"If you want a game which will make you feel tiny, this is it. If only this game was more popular, that way there would be servers with 100+ people"
76561198124703570,Recommended,244850,10244826,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,josu,"Space Engineers may still be in Early Access But i highly suggest you go and buy this, It is well worth the money and can be very creative and challenging, Come meet me! In Space!"
,Recommended,244850,12425401,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,lifuff,"+ Mods (easy installation via Workshop)+ Many features+ You can destroy things+ You can play multiplayer with your friends+ You can destroy things with your friends++ You can destroy your friends' things+ New update every week+ Still Alpha -> A Lot of new features will be added in the future-------------------------------------------+ - Might be boring sometimes, but once you have an idea you can play alot of hours without even realising. (I currently have ~ 50 hours, and if i had to guess i would've said i would've played around 20-30-------------------------------------------- Multiplayer glitches-------------------------------------------Result: This game is alot of Fun and i would recommend it to everybody, even if creativity isn't your strengh (like me), it will totally be worth the money.9.5/10"
,Recommended,244850,20225820,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Tubbie,-Get resources-Build a ship-Get more resources with the ship-Build a bigger ship-Build small drone miner ships-mine with miner ships-Accidently crash your big ship-Lost control of small ships-Get resources-Rebuild ship #1-Repeat11/10 replayablility
,Recommended,244850,13739821,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,USDcom,best game I bought in 2014..
,Recommended,244850,27501492,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Effrit,"Space Engineers is a building game first and fore most. You can lose yourself for hours either trying to re-create or build your own favourite ship/space station/land carrier.it has some great features such as,Realistic sound design which is especially noticeable when in a vacuum, eg space.Oxygen and airtight system for player built designs.Deformation of blocks upon taking damage.Voxel hands for carving up and building up the voxel generated land.Survival gameplay is still lacklustre and simplistic but likely to recieve work in the future.There are a multitude of bugs and re-occuring issues with certain features. (Beware the wrath of Lord Clang!)However the game is not yet finished and still requires work. (When they say it is still in development, they mean it!).Weekly updates with a stable and development branch, which are massive positives.A really good and creative modding community, which have added a massive amount to the game."
,Recommended,244850,8682048,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Knax,"quasi-minecraft-esque, in space.. with space ships."
76561198192872979,Not Recommended,244850,24771255,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Abiogenesis,"Great game, one of my favorite. I shall change my review for positive once the major bugs are being taken care of. Since then, unless you are patient, you might get frustrated with all the littles bugs and glitches."
,Recommended,244850,28772137,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,#I@MLUCKI#,"""It's Alright""Although this isn't my type of game I still enjoy playing it. Limited by the imagination, you can build anything you set your mind to. Explore the vast reaches of outer space and proclaim your home base."
,Recommended,244850,13445261,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jappa,Not much to say other then... IT'S AMAZING!
76561198063952625,Not Recommended,244850,21310481,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Great job,I was going to write a long review on this but it bugged out and exploded
76561198027181230,Recommended,244850,11176840,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Destroyn,"Excellent developers, fast updates, constant support, and fun creative aspects.Negatives: lag on big maps (Duh), hard to get a grasp of at first"
76561198006114588,Recommended,244850,9905422,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Dragon's Breath,"While this game does include some fairly serious bugs (like running into corner and exploding) this game shines for its amazing building and destruction system. I highly recommend getting this game if you enjoy building, destroying, and all around stupid fun."
,Recommended,244850,28491119,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,rubbicob09,Didn't realize I had fallen for this game about 2 years ago. now they are in Beta lol. I have played this game as of now for 816 hours according to Steam. Enjoyed ever minute of it.
76561197984072136,Recommended,244850,8687502,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,ΞProgenitorΞ,feels like one of my dream games came true
,Recommended,244850,8293406,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[BGK] Ritz407,Very promising space building sim. Updated almost weekly. (Going to be) Multiplayer. What's not to like?
,Recommended,244850,9880546,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,JKHGames,"This game is great. The texture, the way you play and the games its self cannot be beaten."
76561198101142615,Recommended,244850,11769507,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Honk Clown,This game is so awesome and if you dont know me by my old name it was Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace so this is awesome
,Recommended,244850,22769455,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Dwogger,"This game is actually really fun, I bought it and played the living crap out of it! I loved building spaceships of my own design and then fly them, but then I forgot that I get motion sick. :( It is now a love and hate relationship. Almost puked because I played it a little to long! I do not recommend this game to any one that gets motion sick, but I highly recommend this game to others! They also have a lot of updates but have slowed down."
76561198094521659,Recommended,244850,11623853,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,(AnS)Shappy,"build a ship to mine - done! build a space station -done, wait what is that BOOM,BOOM,BOOM space station is gone and mining ship is gone..... back to building a mining ship 11/10"
,Recommended,244850,13505752,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,DocHolliday,Ship was hit with meteor upon finishing. 10/10
,Recommended,244850,10072813,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,thedecko,"Remember when you were a kid playing with legos?  You'd make all these fatastic ships and dream about ACTUALLY getting to fly them around and have space battles with your friends?  Well, dream come true.."
76561198018707283,Recommended,244850,11084541,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Craats,"This game is just epic!The great thing is all the mobility in the blocks. Where within minecraft or terraria, for instance, nothing is a vehicle, in this game, everything can move or fly, if you should with it to!Overall, great game, and that while still in alpha!Get this now."
76561198072472665,Recommended,244850,11647673,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Moose,This game is perfect for anyone who likes to design any kind of vehicle and or has a creative mind!
76561197971827508,Recommended,244850,12506502,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Shadowdemon,"This game is really fun to play wheter it be single-player, or multi-player its fun to play with your friends to survive, build,and dog fight with them.its also fun just building by yourself either way it is a very fun game there are some bugs but that is to be expected because the game is in alpha but even with the little bugs that will get fixed along the way it is still a good game."
,Recommended,244850,11245720,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,"Ancron, Omega Praetorian",NOW WITH WHEELS!!!!!
76561198106023508,Recommended,244850,17836288,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Blastem25,Clear your schedule if you plan to play this.
,Recommended,244850,14663677,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DranKof,"+2 Lego-like engineering.+1 In space.+2 First-person.+1 High quality graphics.+2 Now with survival mode.+1 It's awesome.+1 Huge fan-based community.-1 OMG I WANT MORE TOYS. WHY MUST I DOWNLOAD SO MANY MODS, EXPAND THE VANILLA EVEN MORE!+3 Now with Planets12/10"
,Recommended,244850,27081422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Acwelify,"Built a giant space wang, rammed it into a friends ship and unloaded all my missles10/10 would wang again."
76561197987509362,Not Recommended,244850,24277915,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Arkideit,"Before this review i made a positive review on this game. But i undrestood that was wrong. After few last updates it was totaly clean, that game goes in ruin direction. In last update they put cumbustion engines. Well nothing to say. I bought this game in 2014 (3 years allready). This game had all patential to be a new Freelancer with unique world. After 3 years nothing changed. We still has same construction without no global pupose. No AI, No Fraction, No NPC,.No Galaxy map. Only Bugs and Fixes. Sadly.i played 1100 hours. I loved this game but now i realise: there is no change that makes me love this game. Changes that i see makes me away from it."
76561198097050731,Not Recommended,244850,9630070,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,SugarFett,"seeing the first trailer for this game back in febuary of 2014, i saw the potential. to me, the idea for this game was mind blowing. Being able to create my own ship or recreate a ship from my favorite sci-fi series was something i could only dream about until then. i bought the game as soon as i can and ran it on my old school laptop which struggled to run even star wars battlefront 2...but i didn't care. I was having a blast.I upgraded to an nvidia GTX 660 Ti so i can run planets for the first time and it was a dream come true. however the preformance took a major dip as to be expected with something this large but nothing too major or game breaking. until this year...3 years later, 2100+ hours, and hundreds of blueprints made, i cannot recommend this game in the state that it's in. i run this game on an nvidia GTX 980 2GB and even that amount of power cannot run this game without constant framerate drops, lag spikes every 30-40 seconds, and crashing and/ or freezing my whole entire system, forcing me to restart my rig every 2 hours at the very least...this game ran better on my old school laptop than it does on a proper, high powered gaming rig. therefore, i cannot recommend this game to any newcomers. too much promise from the devs that rarely if ever gets delivered.""not so klangy new year"" my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198048431574,Recommended,244850,10177204,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Kentucky,This game is awesome. 'nuff said.
76561198047473558,Recommended,244850,19775325,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Gauge Tyrion,"it works, but its laggy and when i land my atmospheric lander, i crash T_T"
,Recommended,244850,7783178,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MrBohannon,Awesome!
76561198102371890,Recommended,244850,9844434,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mixiell,underbart frustreande men galet kul
,Recommended,244850,11342391,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,COVFEFE -  ⚡G-Fuel⚡,Literally my entire life right now
,Recommended,244850,14872547,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,alaskapoke,"This is a teriffic game it has alot of detil and is very fun to play it has a great way of making me feel like i'm in space, this game has great potential and with the right work it will go leaps and bounds.And after the new planet update i cant keep my self from this game as i have over 1,400+ hours in the game, Great Job Keen Software House Keep up the great work"
,Recommended,244850,9085450,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,qk,"As a person who likes building, spaceships, and sandboxes, this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Buy it if you also like these things. 8/10"
,Recommended,244850,19199889,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,saltmummy626,"Im not sure what to think of space engineers anymore. It began life as a game about being an engineer in space in the not so distant future. building/repairing ships, building/repairing space bases. making sure everything worked properly and trying to mitigate the damage caused by meteors crashing down onto your creations, all the while trying to deal with the lack of gravity.I say that ""I'm not sure what to think of space engineers anymore"" becuase this focus has drifted somewhat. I remember the devs saying that they didnt want to make a game about combat, and yet more and more I find space engineers is drifting more and more into a game about combat. I find it very confusing when a developer says they want one thing, and then take it in another direction. I guess I understand though, just how long can a player build ships and repair dents before getting bored?I do recommend this game, but beware, it's still in early access and its level of optimization shows it."
,Recommended,244850,12470428,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Salty Mango,"Had so mcuh fun with this game although i havent played this much,it awesome that you can create you own ships and bases"
,Recommended,244850,28489106,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,DekuTree [Dekutree.org],"Space engineers is a game I bought as my first real PC game. I tried to run it on an old HP Laptop at first (5 fps is not fun), that moment inspired me to save up some money and build my first gaming PC. When I first started playing the game, it was VERY early access. It didnt have much else other than thrusters and reactors. Now, it has a wide range of propulsion, planets that can be spawned in with the click of a button and a modding community that will give skyrim a run for its money. The amount of progress the dev team has made over the years is insane! This game isnt only an amazing game, but it is a game you will keep playing for years.-Thanks for reading my review :D"
76561198155291495,Recommended,244850,18315902,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,CinnamonBunzuh,Going on 1300 Hours. Need I say more?
,Recommended,244850,9885978,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,fluffy brain stab,Nice sanbox if Keen House Studios can iron out the preformance and add larger servers this would be great.
,Recommended,244850,8859752,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,│LRF│ stallingblock2,"This game, the developers...ARE FREAKING AWESOME! Literally, whatever the community asked for was put into the game! Including planets, sound systems, custom scripts, modding, and even multiplayer!Seriously though:Pros;Planets have spherical gravity, and semi-realistic terrain and atmospheres. (ie. terrain not randomly generated)You can build whatever you put your mind to - whether it be a Halo ring or a goddamned Ark!Different gamemodes - creative & survival each with their awesome (and some similar) perks.Multiplayer and awesome community.Cons;Planets don't spin.(game would shoot itself while simultaneously jumping off a bridge with a noose)Sun rotates around the world (Anti-Galileo style).Rotors and Pistons may summon Lord Klang.Some vocabulary:1) Gyro Override - the act of turning on override in one's ship and sending it to max roll/yaw/pitch2) Space Box - A ship in the shape of a box which doesn't perform very well and is completely pointless along with burning your eyes and hope for humanity3) Lord Klang - The almighty god of the universe of this game; if you here the antagonizing sound of two blocks hitting eachother and exploding, usually relating to pistons/wheels/rotors, you may have just heard the audital return of Lord Klang.4) Space Tard - The people who join your game and instantly begin to spam warheads or ships all over.5) Ion Ship - DO NOT BRING THIS INTO ATMOSPHERES! (30% reduction in power = death)6) Space Nazi - The person who creates a faction and basically turns the server into a labor camp.7) The Roleplayer(s) - People who create factions and begin to ""colonize"" (pasting bases) onto planets and then calling them their own.8) Von Fegelein - The phrase you scream into your mic (U key) while ramming your ship. Usually accompanied by NEIN NEIN NEIN!!!9) ♥♥♥♥ - The physical sound that can be heard THROUGH THE VACCUM OF SPACE, even from 80 km away when someone realizes that they don't have enough thrust for the planet they're on.10) Screaming Fetus - The kid who roleplays as a ""space cop"" and tries to ""pull over"" space ships, then engages them for no reason while screaming ear-piercingly into his static mic."
,Recommended,244850,14752745,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,=BBUK= Byrddawg,"I've sunk 319 hours into this game, so my review will be nice and sweet.This game is simply amazing. The Developers have shown dedication and are actively pushing out updates while working on their 2nd Engineers game - Medieval Engineers. The updates are always a hype and they continue to show that they care. These guys resemble what a real company is.The community is awesome both modded and online. This game however does take time to build up but don't let that drive you away because some servers are set to realistic statistics instead of OP 10/10/10. I'd recommend the realistic servers as everyone is at the same pace - though the ones who played longer will be sort of OP.I could go on and on about how wonderful this game is and how it's worth the cost and absolute gameplay."
,Recommended,244850,11704363,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Smiggie Balls,"An amazing game with endless things to do, weather you like mining, building, fighting, or flying theyres always something for you to do, plus with the mass of updates the game has only gotten better, defenitly worth the money!"
76561198090576869,Recommended,244850,19268529,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ramsay Bolton,gut
,Recommended,244850,25701709,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Video Game Shibe,"The original No Man's Sky.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t out of the way, Space Engineers is an amazing game, and i realized its potential after downloading it on a free weekend. After that, It just sucked me right in, the concept.But seriously, 11/10Great Work"
76561198123315330,Recommended,244850,25702562,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Sir Ben Kenobi,"This game is quite incredible. It does take a lot of computer power, but if you build your PC right the game runs ok. My biggest issue was with planets, specifically loading in a whole solar system. That didn't work, as the game was in a constant state of lag, which I hope will be fixed and optimized in the future. For now, the one planet one moon system works fine, and    asteroid systems work even better. Love the game, and have been quite addicted for some time."
76561198095480158,Recommended,244850,25698784,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Walrus,"Fun to play, but it's a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you have little patience for bugs and glitches, this game might not be for you.Note: It is far buggier when you are on a planet than it is in space."
,Recommended,244850,8784932,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Hal 9000,"If you like pointles multtiplayer, haveing your computer on fire from procesing, and crashes in space then this is a game for you. 8=====D"
,Recommended,244850,13909959,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SUBBUTEO STEVE,Like minecraft in space!
,Recommended,244850,10642948,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NotQuiteTaoist,"Interior Decorator Simulator 2014: Space EditionNow with pink, orange, and brown paints!10/10---------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT: CAN NOW CUSTOMISE SUIT COLOR.11/10"
76561198043781342,Recommended,244850,13464510,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Schrodoggo,*inhale* Space. Minecraft.
,Recommended,244850,28591783,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PaXo0,A good fun space game with planets but poorly optimised but they are working on thattry to make it run better on pc's that have less resouces
,Recommended,244850,9681670,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Rory,"This game is already so much fun and could ship as is. I remember playing Minecraft before it adopted Survival mode, and feeling it had tons of potential. This game has so, so much more potential than Minecraft ever did."
,Recommended,244850,24913605,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,「doot」,"A lot of people complain about the bugs and glitches in this game, or how there aren't enough features that pertain to warfare.Personally, I think that's garbage. Space Engineers is amazing- while it is still in alpha, and has the flaws that come with that stage of development, it's just very satisfying to drive my rover across a planet, fly my corvette through the hail of bullets the Space Pirates are firing at me, or just build and enjoy my base. While multiplayer is not quite up to scratch in this game, it's also not really needed. There's always more to do, more directions to expand, more defenses to build, more vehicles to design, and more fun to have.Easily one of my favorite games on Steam, though my hours do not reflect that. For whatever reason it's missing about 40 of them."
76561198051223561,Recommended,244850,13565418,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,SirBastian_SLeeMaister {TCC},"A fantastic new Addition to the X series, The game started out on a bit of a shakey footing but in my eyes has rebounded to join it`s great siblings."
,Recommended,244850,13565882,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ankiwi,8/8
,Recommended,244850,10927101,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,child,flips is space.10/9
,Recommended,244850,11550267,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Treetalk,"Space Engineers Is VERY Fun, I Recommand Playing, Lots Of Updates!"
76561197987253930,Recommended,244850,9038796,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Wereferret,Love this game !!!! an d with workshop you can see soooooo many ideas!!!
,Recommended,244850,19864178,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Scipio💯,Don't let your friends pilot your mining ships...
,Recommended,244850,33569472,Posted: 15 July,all,Chumme Tjænni,"Best space sandbox game. There are a couple of glitches here and there, so remember to save a lot but still a 4/5 taking into count that it isn't done yet."
76561198134927889,Recommended,244850,15282865,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,G.Hemza,It's fun.
76561197992219755,Recommended,244850,10726750,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,fass,"Seriously good brain food!IMVHO, its best of genre!Simple yet infinitely complex, proper sandbox with expected creative/survival options.Physics makes flying and interception an actual skill again, the industry and design part of the game requires clarity and planning and flair!I've found nothing to match the ship building joy that this game gives.Sure, other titles give you the option of designing a vessel and queuing it up for construction, but here, thats the entire midgame!You have to actually build your own ship!The design is in your head, an idea, and you have to shape a frame and place all the physical components manually!Often the design changes midbuild as you work out more efficient ways to achieve your goals, and the entire thing is totally organic.The option of building to precise plans is of course, always there, but that just aint jazz no more ;)oh, and obviously, you get to build installations as well as ships.Early game is to gather the basic tools and materials you need for building. This can be skipped by using creative mode, but having to build stuff from scratch gives it an emotional value that raises the stakes in combat ;)Endgame is PVP.Blow each others stuff up, create new sports, build racetracks, whatever!Joy."
76561197993656891,Recommended,244850,10030025,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,RhysStorm,"Although the game is still Early Access it is far more stable than most games are at this stage of their development. This is like playing minecraft in space. The building style has a ""bit"" more focus on realism. You have to weld and grind to assemble and dismantle blocks. The possiblities for multiplayer are amazing. All blocks are destructable to varying degrees. Imagine space combat where targetting the engines actually works, but on a ship your enemy built. You can have multiple people manning a ship doing in combat repairs. Maybe eventually Point Defense guns and such will be added."
,Recommended,244850,11819719,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Throbbing Wizard,"This game is amasing and addictive, ive spent hours and hours playing it.there are still a few bugs on the multiplayer and the turrets on cargo ships are O.P but all in all this is a fab game."
,Recommended,244850,20183711,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Wa11ip3rZ | SharkSpaghetters,This game is really fun and is great if you love space or building games. The game also has a lot of user created mods. However the loading screens take a while and the game has a few bugs but overall i highly recommend this game.
76561198093787625,Recommended,244850,11393719,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Madmaxjoey,"Space engis is a fun filled game with lots of potitial STILL even though it is already awsome. but i still think sheilds could play more of a dimer role than an op one, they could just reduce damage of rocketes and reduce the velocity of rock and debris or if its slow enough just push it away, and it could reflect all small ship fire(takeing big chunks of energy out of your power supply so its not to op). it could also add the aspect of EMP so that you could shut sheilds down and lower power output from your reactores for a time then you could have plasma and laser cannons(maybe broadside cannons(big ones) like in starwars(auto)) these guns could ignor some of the sheild and maby let like 33% of its shots threw , or put extra straine on ther reactors (mabe cause a meltdown causeing people to have to  spac out reactors or have COOLING systems added) which leeds on into more then i can tailk about. all im trying to say is not adding things like SHEILDS cuts a foot off(potintial)PS:sry for any miss spells"
76561198073045845,Recommended,244850,11174484,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Broseph,I just love this game because i feel like there hasn't been anything like it there dont seem to be games where you can go and build almost anything you want but in space with some new futuristic basics
76561197984468686,Recommended,244850,17716837,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,RockyDoctor65 #NoToEscrow,Really good game. I love building space ships and then fighting eachother with them.
,Recommended,244850,17325757,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,"Ruppard, N",Its a fun game.
,Recommended,244850,11176037,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Backdraftf20,Great game fun to play. i have a clan search JASCOMM in steam groups or shoot me a message!
76561198072135909,Not Recommended,244850,33917439,Posted: 30 July,all,Billy,Sadly I have to change my positive review to a negative one due to the game requiring an out-of-date .net framework. I can't even start the game anymore...
,Recommended,244850,9195208,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Ertik,"Great game if you like building things...... from small or large ships to space stations.... plus mining and flying around space, whats not to love"
,Recommended,244850,9903715,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Half,"It's like Kerbal Space Program but first person and you can build ships from blocks.Survival is the best though, because you have to conserver your resources. IE your uranium get used up fast so disable your Inertial dampeners and drift."
76561198290161320,Recommended,244850,30137820,Posted: 24 February,all,Arskov,"I can't think of a game I've had more fun with. You just can't beat the feeling of building some crazy ship and flying it around the planets and asteroids. I do hope they improve the exploration aspect of this game (new things to find on planets and in space would be nice). It is E.A. so expect bugs and optimization flaws, but it runs really well for its beta status. And a lot of those bugs are hilarious, such as connecting large and small ships together and watching them have a space-seizure. All in all the game is WELL worth getting."
76561198042800728,Recommended,244850,25176246,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,spartan148,"This is hands down one of the best games I have ever played. I have played this game since its humble beginnings and I have to say its come a long way since then. So many awesome things have been added and it keeps getting better, and with the steam workshop feature its hard to get board as players are constanly uploading their awesome creations. The developers really care about this game as it gets regular updates and they actually listen to player feedback. If your in any way contemplating purchasing this game then put all doubt aside and make the purchase. You won't be disappointed."
76561198194159459,Recommended,244850,25167847,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ADTK47,Help i cant get the update because (Disk Read Error) please HELP this was my fav game and im starting to hate the makers because it wont work
,Recommended,244850,10228254,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,BioRu$$,Great fun guys
,Recommended,244850,8522176,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Phoenix King,"Minecraft in Space! Build spaceships and Mine Asteroids, Only in alpha right now and still a lot of fun, highly recommend"
76561198150654816,Recommended,244850,19857530,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Just An Average Joe,pros: all the reasons you bought the gameCons: few glitches here and there and you need a decent pc to be able to run the game
76561198050856777,Recommended,244850,11204559,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,thezale19,This might just be the only game that allows me to create an exlosive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to use as a weapon against another ship.  10/10 would play to penetrate other ships with my phallic weapons of mass destruction.
,Recommended,244850,9323444,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Altenon,"If you are like me and in love with all things space-related, from Star Trek to NASA, then you'll love this.Imagine not only designing your own space station, but going out to the mines to get more resources to power your generators.  Imagine not only flying a spaceship of your own construction, but getting into intense dogfights with other players.  Imagine controlling everything on your ships from inertial dampeners to the color of your spotlights, from the torque of motors to the acceleration of gravity on your capital ship - this game has it all.  Be you a builder or destroyer, a real life engineer or a child, I guarantee you will never run out of things to create or explore in this game.The game is updated extremely frequently, and new items and functions are constantly being added, making the game anything but boring.  There are little to no glitches / bugs in the code of the game itself, with the exception of multiplayer - a fairly recent addition to the game.If you like Spore, Minecraft, or KSP, you'll LOVE this game."
76561197995298784,Recommended,244850,9781241,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,up4gaming,"Brilliant..... I have only had it a short while and finding it very very adictive.... The more you learn about the different blocks and what they do the more you want to do, if you see what I mean. Its great fun in solo mode I can see great possibilities for multiplayer mode but as yet not tried it. I found the learning curve fairly easy meaning that with in a short time I was begining to build things and getting them to work. I think the biggest attraction of the game for me is the endless possibilities for modding like new building blocks and perhaps new world maps. Weopns have also been included in this early release but I believe the base mounted ones are as yet inactive. That said they still make your base creations look cool. Come on, creating your own space stations, small and large space ships, mining asteroids for resources, fighting off would be online players trying to steal your hard earned gains...... who would'nt love this game?Now has working turrets, conveyers etc and allows the building of vehicles. Like I said earlier.... Whats not to like about this game!"
,Recommended,244850,9507035,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Kulan,"First things firstAn amazing game especaly after the last update. BUY ITNow the story.I got this game a while ago but found it a little boring tbh. the construction was fun for an hour or so but i got bored, with no game play it was a construction tool but a good one.Now with the added survival mode it is truly a game and a very good one at that. i can't wait to see the future update.The DEV Team from KEEN Software House are doing an amazing job and are actively open and responsive to their customers,  and up to yet have a good track record of putting out updates.I follow a few Alpha game and this is the one i think has the greatest chance of becoming an outstanding finished product.I only see good things for this game in the future.5/5 Stars well done KSH"
,Recommended,244850,10800267,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nurgle523,"This game is excellent, it's one of those games that are already pretty complete despite having more ambition to add more things.It's fun modifying or building ships, with interesting ideas or concepts. Like I added comm/radio towers on the big ship and built little ships specifically for crashing to damage communication, which was in my head but seeing the parts of the little and big ships fly as they break is fun.Also I just like the amount you can do and the complexity you can make it. Most you don't ""need"" but learning them can add flavor and more interesting concepts. For instance miner ships, or really big layered ships where the cockpit is hidden and you need team to help you navigate, to protect the important modules/etc.Very good game, I haven't played it much but from my experience and what I see others do, this is a 5/5+1 for graphics without being the center, along with the nice touches like scratches.+1 for creativity and the ability to build stations, small/big ships and the realism behind them.+1 for music, it just fits perfecly and the silence too, goes well with space IMO.+1 for EASY controls and one button [F1] for instant help. Also it begins with [you can turn it off] a big text telling you what you can do with whatever you are looking at or using. It would be annoying if it wasn't so very helpful.+1 Fun. It's just fun. You have unlimited [within your PC/etc] control to make pretty much anything. I like making ships similar to the Geth from Mass Effect, no windows, no lights, etc, because they don't need it. Then I explore my creation.I wonder if I can make a REAPER haha."
,Recommended,244850,15929713,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Black Puppet,"=HEADS UP=I am currently fixing my messy reviews to make them into reviews that are structures and easier to read. I hope you all can enjoy this review and find it helpfull=INFO ABOUT THE REVIEW=1. This review might be a bit longer.2. This review is about my point of view and opinion. [If you disagree on a certain point or want to correct me: Be reasonable or i will ignore your comment.]=REVIEW=I will begin the review how i ended it last time: SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!Whoever played Portal 2 can already feel like the little Core that we all began to love in that short amount of time of seeing him in the game. And what can i say? He is right with everything he says. Space is BIG. Sometimes even to big since i went far out when we didnt have the density update and i could not find my way back. Atleast i died after a few minutes and got teleported back to the Asteroids. But hey that was my fault.Overall the game looks very pretty. It runs smoothly and is easy to controll. The developers give us every Thursday a new update and the modding support. I mean wow there are so many mods for the game that you could think that the modders themself made the game. It is just amazing of how this game was made. It is easy to play, to understand and to mod.So the how does the game start? Well lets start with the part BEFORE that. Because before you enter a new world you have to create it first of all and there are so many options you can choose from. Especially two are the most important. The first option is the one of the gamemode. You can either play in Survival or in Creative mode. In Survival it is all about you and your friends building a cool base or ship and build even more to simply survive. On a server that is even more fun. But if you arent the fan of Survival you can go over to Creativemode and play around a bit over there. You can build whatever you want right away or just download ships via Workshop.This goes on to two other things i have nearly forgot to mention. Bored of simple Survival or playing alone? You can acces the Missionstab that was implemented a few updates ago to play Missions by the devs itself or by modders. Even you could make one yourself very easily. You dont even have to know how to mod since the thing you need is only one: The game. And as you know i wrote something about playing with your friends. And i know most of you dont just wanna by a server. That is why this game has a cooptional feature built in. This game lets you open your world to the public or to your Steamfriends. This allows you to play with others freely as long as you are online or the host if you have joined.And now its already time to end this review. Would i recommend this game? Oh hell yes.There might be bugs and such but hey the game is still in development and its worth the price already."
76561197994343832,Recommended,244850,9953478,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Mr Malamon,"""Josh where are you? I can't see you.""""I don't think you understand how big space is do you...""Summary of space engineersPros--Space 2 big for me can't find nothin-Please space be smaller-Asteroid is love asteroid is life in survival mode-DONT TOUCH YOUR SHIP IF IT ISNT GROUNDED WHILE MAKING IT YOU IDIOT!!!!!!-LEARN HOW TO FLY GOD DAMMIT-IF YOUR THRUSTER TOUCHS MY DOCK AGAIN I WILL KILL YOUCons--Too many suit colors plz stop-ships shaped like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥#spaceplzstopbeingbig"
,Recommended,244850,8896061,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,JimmyDaButt,"Pros: The damage engine is awesome. The controls aren't hard to learn. And the graphics, also awesome.Cons: You need a powerful computer to play with max settings.(Unlike me) And ship building is a difficult skill to master.But either way it's still a good game.Update: I have a more powerful computer now. It runs even better."
,Recommended,244850,13815592,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,sniperaust,"Moddable, customizable, and you can freaking make Starfuries. Why -wouldn't- you play this game?I'd give it a number rating but I can't count high enough."
76561198204864635,Recommended,244850,19556045,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Neverfai1,it's bae
,Not Recommended,244850,24119041,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,RmD,"Before I get to my review I would like to say that I understand that this game is in Early Access and is very buggy. With that being said this game's bugs are so bad that it sometimes gets really close to being unplayable. I understand that the devs are working very hard on this game but this game can be considered ""broken"" at the time of writing this. I hope a lot of these game breaking bugs will be fixed in close future but as of right now this game is too dificult to try and have fun in... I do love this game and see potentional in it, just these game breaking bugs that ruin this game"
76561198134249954,Not Recommended,244850,24117248,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,<LMDA>LordCoolieoBeans,"Really fun game, I bought it around the time it came out and made my friend get it, we had tons of fun making ships and fighting. When the planets update came out i was so exited to play it so i started up the game, selected planets and hit play. Soon i realized my pc could not handle any type of planets. Now i barley play the game and when i do i play it alone in space with no planets and watch as others have fun playing on planets while i cry because no one can here you cry in spaceTl;dr Dont buy unless you have lots of RAM"
,Not Recommended,244850,24120894,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,PastaBone,"Ive had this game for a while and originaly I loved it. Updates are constant, but they seem to make more bugs than they fix. The developers jumped on planets way before they were ready, and now the game is broken. On top of all the bugs, this game requires very beefy computers to be able to play reliably. That is, as reliable as is possible. Great potential, but needs a lot of work and a bigger/better team. If you really want a space exploration game, get No Mans Sky instead."
76561198062379667,Recommended,244850,10045596,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,CosmoMomen,Space Engineers brings the best of games like Minecraft and StarCraft to the world of high quality graphics and great physics engines. This game is a must buy even in Alpha...
,Recommended,244850,9966260,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,TehMightyPirate,"Minecraft in space! It's tons of fun and only just getting started, definitely worth it."
,Recommended,244850,14054368,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Toasty,"I'm still playing in hope that you add more, though the price increase was not appropriate in my opinion. Keep working torwards it, I like the game."
76561198065552334,Recommended,244850,10090078,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,FelsenAxt,It's as if Minecraft and Kerbal Space Program abandoned their love child on a desolate asteroid.
76561198057025113,Recommended,244850,8563894,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,roflmayonnaise,"Space...the final frontier..well...it sure seems like it for engineering in this game. This is a game that’s creative, imaginative, unique, but sadly primitive, however packed with possibilities and current content. Although a new player on the scene this is an original piece of work and I fully endorse it, the modding community is strong both on and off the Steam Workshop and I have no doubts that this game will be a legendary one as long as it sticks to some rules. I've played this game for a short while, seen walkthroughs and reviews online and although I can't evaluate or properly analyse it yet due to it being in early stages I will state these rules that it should keep to for success. A- Develop a less stiff movement system- sadly the game is very stiff (no pun intended) in the way you move and this can make playing the game a bit stiff too which is a real shame as it prevents immersion. B- Work with the community- there are tons of mods and discussions out there at the moment so the developers should remain in connection with the community at a deep level rather than salesmen or makers of things, competitions, videos of their studio and upcoming works should be smeared on the already great development focus that the developers have so they never lose that focus and stay at the gamer level as this is a very gamer/creator specific peace of work., C- Multiplayer...war..rpgs..team builds- this really links in with B so in creating this multiplayer set up it will bring players closer together in a team environment which creates a sense that the game (the space) is bigger, yet more populace too...you know..your not alone????....Currently I give this game an easy, supportive 3/5 or 7/10 or 79% and heavily recommend it. If you like creative space building games with very few limits, a great development team and a generally superb gameplay system that really hones in on good construction then I welcome you to try it without a sale."
76561198113291506,Recommended,244850,28668741,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pickle Rick!!!,Incredible Game. Takes hours to learn the basics. These hours are addicting. Become a Master and build a massive ship. These hours are incredible. Stop playing for 1 day. Start again.
76561198049976443,Recommended,244850,8773279,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Film Francis,"This game is just too damn awesome, and they haven't even finished it yet."
76561198047869422,Not Recommended,244850,10330186,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Butt Ho' Wheat Bread,"You know, this would be a nice game, if it could run without me having to turn of my computer each time I attempt to play it, every time I load it up, the screen ends up completely frozen, and even after exiting via. task manager, steam won't let me re-open up the game again, because it still thinks I'm playing, extremely anoyying and game-breaking glitch, I'd wait for this to be fixed before buying."
76561197970285555,Recommended,244850,11465190,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Nukfror,It's not for everyone because it takes lots of time to mine and build and the movement takes some practice to get to to know. But in the end I always feel awsome about what I just built.
,Not Recommended,244850,33686764,Posted: 20 July,all,The Engiwizard,"Been reading reviews and complaints for this game. Honestly, when I first played with a friend before I refunded it, I loved it. I've been waiting to buy this game again when I get a new and competant computer, yet I don't think that's going to happen. Just based on what I experienced and what I've read, I hope everyone makes it clear to the devs: This game has so much amazing potential, but it's going down the drain quick. I'm not buying this game until things get fixed and devs start taking this game seriously. I recommend everyone do the same, as this game doesn't deserve to be left in this state, and the devs need to take responsibility for this project. I hope the game recovers and the devs start talking to it's player base, as it's pretty obvious their product is suffering because of them.If you really want to know what's wrong, look to the people with hundreds of hours under their belts. As someone who wants to see this game succeed, but not willing to purchase it in it's current state, this is me repeating the message in hopes the devs get it, and make this something worth purchasing."
,Recommended,244850,11523967,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,HeavyWether,its great but takes alot to run
,Recommended,244850,12068293,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Leon,"I love it, i can really see it become big.There is alot of potential in the modding community, I suggest making a alien mod.It would be great if there was AI/NPC (Aritficial Intelegence/Non-Playable Characters, things like shops or just people around)The Multiplayer is great, The community is nice and they like to help alot, no trolls so far...Singleplayer is fun when you are bored and there is no internet or if you just want to play on creative mode (unlimited supplies and unlimited health).I REALLY HOPE THEY ADD PLANETS, AND WHERE THERE ARE PLANETS THERE IS LIFE!!!WARNING: THE WORLD MIGHT LOOK INFINITE AND IT IS BUT THAT DOSEN'T MEAN THERE ARE ANY ASTEROIDS PAST 15KMWHICH IS NOT ALOT!Pros:Multiplayer.Community.Singleplayer.Mechaincs.DESTRUCTION!!!!!Modding.Crafting.Mining.Cons:Not as many asteroids as i would expect.What can I say its in alpha bear with us it'll get better.User interface is terrible (Things like your inventory and HUD).Overall: Lovely game, needs a few improvements.8/10"
,Recommended,244850,8453656,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hobert Cobert,WORTHS THE MonEY!
,Recommended,244850,30546974,Posted: 16 March,all,Cahiers du Ludica,"I'm still early on in the game, but I find this a very engaging sandbox with detailed ways of creating and fixing objects in space (and within plants).  At one point I couldn't get past a door while being chased by security drones, so I dug underneath it. This is the kind of game that this is."
76561198118740790,Recommended,244850,11602322,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Pacer,I recommend this game to all my friends who like open-word free roam creative games where they build whatever they want.
76561198021877488,Recommended,244850,8792825,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Capricious_Clown,very good concept. exploration and building your own ships for both combat and mining the resources you need for said ships is something i really look forward to. cant wait for the actual game and and factions to come out.
,Recommended,244850,8178374,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[コロシ] Murdersauce,"I've always liked building toys, and with this.... say hello to my Third Childhood!!!"
,Recommended,244850,8524457,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Haz (Meme Lad™),Awesome game. Doesn't have everything in it yet but is in alpha so be kind.
76561198101439634,Recommended,244850,27550251,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{c4}Tyburnbomb,"This game is amazing. Your in space but you can also go to planets Earth, Mars, Moon etc. And you can build about anything its a little glichy but its still in early access."
,Recommended,244850,9703557,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,</Circle_Face>,"If you like adventure and engieering and building, This is the game for you."
,Recommended,244850,11501356,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,GeekDucks,"What other game can you build a customized ship, and fly around with friends a relly have fun. It is still in alpha, but worth the money already. There is creative and survival, and both have endless possibilities.Of course there are alo of bugs within the game still, it has so much already that is fine tuned.GET THIS GAME"
,Recommended,244850,9234922,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,drummerdude 64,Amazing game good grafics does everything you expect it to IF YOU DONT BUY IT YOUR A FOOL
76561198180700721,Recommended,244850,14762146,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,sirtombarton,i love space engineers it has so much more then i thought!you get  more than what you pay for and we dont see that in games these days!
,Recommended,244850,12168529,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,starwarsman78,I am impressed how far this game has gone. I started playing in alpha it's now in beta! the devs are amazing I support them. the modding community is awesome. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,244850,9977071,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Negative,"It looks great and everything is destructible, what more could you want? (Besides lasers)"
76561198091299210,Recommended,244850,9844141,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Thecatwhomines,"Good game, fun to play with friends. Feels a bit barrren at the moment though, don't think that you're not buying into Early Access. More features and I'd wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,244850,15791018,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,TheAlmighty,I suck at being creative.
76561198063342694,Recommended,244850,9888255,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Herb Shaman,SPACE ENGIIIIIIEEESZZZZz
,Recommended,244850,28132115,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AiduSeagru,"Made a super low, flat, land buggy that would never flipIt did, so we spent an hour trying to flip it backfinally gave up and blew it up10/10"
,Recommended,244850,10527921,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,zizink,It is awesome.... Just awesome.
,Recommended,244850,14181267,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,the glizer,"Build it, Improve it, DESTROY IT! (try don't to cry, cry alot) but srsly i would recommend this game to anyone who likes minecraft, kerbal space program and space sims! the physics is nice and the community support is great with mods, scripts, animation and much more. In additon the developers put out an update for the game every Thursday! hovever this game becomes much more fun when you play with freinds since in survival you do very monotone tasks and also there's alot of things in the game that makes you want to just buld epic clans and have a huge war, nothing that possbile in singelplayer sadly (forever alone)is it worth the purchase?: YES BUY IT BUY IT NAO! also make sure to force this game on your friends, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,244850,7588649,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,THELASTMASTER,"The devs update it every thursday, not with just ""we added fish physics"" no they add these big awesome updates which to this day have not disappointed me. This is not one of those Early access games that go off and die. This game could be considered as a finnished game but the devs still continue to add awesome things."
76561198024050502,Recommended,244850,10319116,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,AceGST,F'ing amazing
,Recommended,244850,19202325,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TheSuspect,GOOD
,Recommended,244850,15211899,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TStachler,Very good! would drift away again
,Recommended,244850,9249728,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Jasonblox6,SPACE ENGINEERS IS SIK TOTES BOSS LAAR 11/10 :) D
,Recommended,244850,18823371,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jade Dreemurr,"One of the best games ever. Space, Building, and Pirates? AMAZING!"
,Recommended,244850,14657266,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Spartan K4102,Love the Game! Laggs on my computer but thats not the games fault.
,Recommended,244850,11980504,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,gmail,its awesome
,Recommended,244850,12527043,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Tim_Fragmagnet,SPAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEECCCCCCCCCCCC
76561197968849557,Recommended,244850,28311466,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DEATHGIVER,"Just tried dev's first official missions, WOW, very impressed, Also the new blocks all look amazing. Awesome work guys!"
76561198051674390,Not Recommended,244850,11484119,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Purple Chapter,"idea - 10/10updates - 10/10 (even know they make working thing into not working)Workshop content - 10/10 - is almost infinite.gameplay - 1/10 - Not existant and not posible because of bugs.900 hours  not even 1 successful gameplay without cancer causing nonsense.After so many years in development game is still in unplayable state. There is constantly a fundamental problem that prevents you from playing. Ships not flying, resource systems not working, power grid failing, and non working physic. Not even talking preformance issues, 1080GTX medium settings and u have to be extreemly careful what u build or game will lag - Block count is EXTREEMLY limited befor FPS drops.GAME IS DEADin last year comunity activity drasticly droped. Game anounced beta even know they are still in almost exactly same place they were 4 years ago. i dont think this is going anywere.Thx to Keen 4 years of wating and 1000 hours of frustration"
,Recommended,244850,11691712,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Phoenix ⊂(▀¯▀⊂),gg
,Recommended,244850,8735897,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dylan_McFraggin,Awesome space sandbox! :D
76561198022003762,Recommended,244850,8823242,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,DragonDave,game good see make lol of different builld i have bad day with saveing it crash doing saving.
76561198057653904,Recommended,244850,8857483,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Panda,awda
,Recommended,244850,8636389,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Golden Dick,this game is awesome! worth the money :D
76561198011450886,Recommended,244850,19249586,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Nomad,"OMG i never thought there can be a planet in the game, at least not in the time I brought it. But now they made it! And try not to forget the game is still in alpha. Couldn't imagine what is going out later.Modding adds tons of fun to the game too.Recommanded to those creative minds."
,Recommended,244850,30753935,Posted: 26 March,all,dr cookie,A space engineerCan not forget oxygenOh ♥♥♥♥ I'm dead now~haiku
76561198028951723,Recommended,244850,10319189,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Jeoy logano,this game rocks
76561198051574839,Recommended,244850,7761345,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Global Trap Lord,"Its actually alot of fun but it does get tedious after playing for too long, but you just get back to what you're doing later. It is a work in progress but it is constantly getting better with each update. Besides, its in SSSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPPAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEE!"
,Not Recommended,244850,19658436,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Lydløs_ulv,"Was good when it was a stable game. Latest updates have broken it so much I don't want to play it any more. I loved this game so much when it first came out, it was like minecraft in space and was so fun. Now they've put in planets most people on AMD gpus were unable to load any gamemode unless they waited forever, if at all. Now they've fixed it but it's got the fps of a dayz standalone city, 30 and under. In space it's fine, but why give us planets when they can't even run properly, plus they artifact and glitch out like crazy, even on lowest settings.I want this game to be good again and I wish it could get a better review, I really do, but it won't get one until all of these problems are ironed out asap.Specs - Intel i5 4690k @ 4.2, R9 290x, 8gb ram. This rig can run GTAV pretty much maxed and with a scaling increase at 60+ fps and BF4 at 80-100fps. Granted these aren't as cpu heavy, but still, it gives an idea of how powerful it is.QUICK EDIT - Now have same specs except gpu is now a 980ti. Still doesn't load most of the time and fps is still terrible.:c"
,Recommended,244850,9746092,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Hypoallergenic,"Even though I've had it for a little bit, I can feel that this game will eat up every spare hour of my free time"
,Recommended,244850,29703831,Posted: 4 February,all,zekrom_vale,"$25 is a bit pricey, but on sale it is worth it!  It does need optomiation though and heats up laptops fast (so it may be loud; however, my laptop has small vents), just fyi.  I was brosing the files and found 'Spazzmatica_Polka.xwm', what is this for?  Is this an easter egg?!   FYI VLC can badly play xwm, every other second that is."
,Not Recommended,244850,25175117,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Ahrivaeus,"Awesome in concept, with a great building system and a superb physics engine. Regrettably, in the nearly three years this game has been available for early access, almost no progress has been made. Planets and AI have been added, as well as a couple of new construction modules. In short, don't pay $25 expecting a finished product any time soon.Additionally, the game acts as though it doesn't want to be played. Loading screens take an incredibly long time on a decently powerful computer. Sometimes the game will randomly pause, telling you to press the ""pause"" button to unpause it. This is not a keyboard button, and there are no clickable buttons in the escape menu which unpause the game either, which means you have just sat through the loading screen to exit back to the main menu and sit through another one.Survival is incredibly unbalanced, with many planets seeming to have little to no ore, and spawning packs of cyborg dogs up to six strong which can kill you in a couple of bites and take an immense amount of rounds to put down. Making progress in survival is slow, brutal, and often times simply impossible without setting the game to peaceful.All in all, 5/7, still better than No Man's Sky."
76561198030165965,Recommended,244850,8540281,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Alpha Wolfgang,"very fun and sucks up your time. if you enjoy spaceships and minecraft, you will love this.still can be very problematic and buggy online, frustrating at times, but still very addictive."
,Recommended,244850,29340199,Posted: 18 January,all,★Guba^^,Super .... Just Super :D
76561198028966634,Recommended,244850,12428786,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TheSnvMan,"Joined a server, and I snuck into some clans ship and I disabled all of thier defenses (miniguns,rockets etc.) and then I flew their beast outside into the raining meteors and shutdown all engines and gravity and their mighty ship was blown to kingdom come!10/10 Would Play Again!"
,Recommended,244850,12717220,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,"Toa Onua, Master of Earth","An excellent game, more fun with friends (and a lot easier) but still fun single player"
76561198170593494,Recommended,244850,28402203,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,abdullahfree123,Awsome game fun single player and muiltiplayer never get bored
,Recommended,244850,9803787,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Martin (aka Mart) (FSU),I love this game!
,Recommended,244850,11239094,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,TrevorM98,amazing game if you can get it to run a word of advice though...always make sure you have enough uranium
,Not Recommended,244850,9814821,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,nai249,"The game was fun when I first got it, it didn't run great but I could run it. There wasn't much to do since the survival was buggy as all hell but I was looking forward to them fixing it and making it more interesting.After over a year I am quite dissapointed with the ""progress"" the game has made. The game runs worse for me now than it ever did and the game is still game breakingly buggy.I really appreciated the planets, that was a good update but this new update just brings skins to the player model. I think it is safe to say that anyone who is a fan of SE would have prefered actual content. Sure the parachute is nice but the game lacks any purpose, the difficulty is hoping your car wont fly away or your piston eplode.Honestly I couldn't reccomend this game, I just can't seem to have fun with it."
,Recommended,244850,7564130,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,ZachTheNebula,Interesting
,Recommended,244850,13444789,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,bunkerbewahrer,Minecraft in Space. What can you say more.
76561198068837007,Recommended,244850,8806538,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Derpicide,"I love this game. I really do,  Even if I'm not as creative or technically inclined as some people I still love building ships with blocks.  It's cathartic really and reminds me of the old days sitting in my room building with legos.My complaints:1: The game is still hard for new players to get into since it can be quite complicated if you want to play on anything but creative mode.2: Still has a speed limit which is really annoying in space but not so much on planets.  If you play with a speed enhancing mod you will most likely be incapable of stopping before you crash into whatever you were flying towards.  The number of engines you need to effectively fly and orient end up making ships look gaudy.3: I wish there were more vanilla parts.  But the game's still being made so they'll probably add stuff in the future.  I'm not a fan of having to use tons of mods that might glitch up my game.4: It's pretty much impossible to build a ship on a world.  You have to do it in zero gravity or else it'll just... you know... fall to the ground.But anyway... The creators really take care of their game and release patches and updates just about once a week which is pretty uncommon these days and I really respect them for that."
,Not Recommended,244850,25237575,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Extevious-V,"Update: 3/17/2017I no longer recommend Space Engineers due the slow progression in the most basic of catagories. Every update either doesn't adds something new, or breaks the game.I do not recommend as of this moment"
,Recommended,244850,31228717,Posted: 18 April,all,jumperblock©,its a fun game how you can play with friends and go on the steam workshop and support other people by playing and smashing their ships.
76561198091207709,Recommended,244850,31243043,Posted: 19 April,all,snipy67,"Excellent game highly recommended a bit tricky getting started building stuff and figuring out how everything works but after a while, you will really enjoy it. I recommend you have a pretty good computer because the physics are a bit intense. I spawned in a ship which was only good for space on a planet and it snapped the base I had on it in half. there were lot's of little parts everywhere causing lag.If you can get passed the ocasional lag and bugs it's actually a pretty awsome game."
,Recommended,244850,12472220,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Rockman1,If you like minecraft mix with space and destruction you'll love this game.
,Recommended,244850,11877073,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,randomcode9,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Netcode, 10/10"
76561198056189490,Recommended,244850,12467299,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,FTWGaming,I wish I could keep this game forever but it ends today at 20:00 :( such a good game Dx
,Not Recommended,244850,34092161,Posted: 7 August,all,itchypenguin,"What a game. So much potential it has, it could easily become the game of a lifetime if the devs bothered to fix the dozens of critical bugs and add a few exciting game features here and there, like NPCs, missions and such (which given the state of the game, shouldn't even be too hard. Most of the mechanics are already in place).So, which of my tens of 'mourning-all-the-time-I-wasted-on-this-game-for-nothing' moments should I talk about? Cause it's just no fun at all spending hours mining from asteroid to asteroid, slowly preparing to actually get into the fun parts of the game, just to lose it ALL because, out of nowhere, you got pulverized against an invisible asteroid which there was no way to avoid. I'm telling you, It's the kind of stuff that leaves you feeling used and empty inside.So if you really wanna play this game be advised; that's the kind of bugs you will run into all the time. This game will promise you so much awesomeness, make you work hard for it, then take the awesomeness away and your soul with it.If you think you'll be able to handle that, go ahead and buy it. Otherwise I'm afraid this game is just not for you."
76561198074860783,Recommended,244850,9613647,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Destroyer,Built a ship shaped like the male genitalia and flew it into a group of 7's massive space ship.10/10
76561198063159683,Recommended,244850,9758293,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Velociraptor Clint Thrust,Great game if you like to build
,Recommended,244850,34642296,Posted: 31 August,all,Tobiky,"""Damn its nice to play this game. It confirms that you're actually ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" - My Mate when he forgot side thrusters"
,Not Recommended,244850,34028418,Posted: 4 August,all,dnttrip789,I used to love playing this game and it ran pretty good on my pc but the most recent update says I need a Dx11 card so now I can't even play.
76561198154441757,Not Recommended,244850,33932502,Posted: 31 July,all,Master Shrek,Its a fun game to play with your friends IG. But other than that its a glitchy laggy mess. Hard to mess with.
76561198063245160,Recommended,244850,19167162,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,illPosedProblem,"Fun and largely unconstrained block-builder, with physics simulation being the most fun and limiting (due computation cost) feature.First, the good bits:- the ability to block-build stations, large ships, small fighters, torpedoes, automated asteroid sentries, sensor/comm networks, cargo ships and many, many other things. It compares favourably with a heavily-modded Minecraft in terms of creative freedom.- physics simulation: all objects either thrust or collide to change motion states (or are affected by a gravity field). Player-built gravity-generators interact in a somewhat limited fashion, but still make for fun gameplay.- fun weapons, multiplayer, faction/ownership systems; also detection ranges, well-made antenna/comm systems with limited ranges.- well-implemented surveying, mining, storage, transfer, sorting, refining and building. A pleasure to carefully design a large base or ship, use a few resources to build its skeleton, then mindlessly mine, refine and build it over the course of a few hours. Creative mode available as well if you don't have a movie handy.- programming and display blocks: you can code within the game, and have ships and bases act according to your program. Display blocks can be made to readily expose information, from text to 2d maps.- modding: well-made, alive and well.- support: constant updates. As befits an alpha, more focused on adding new features than bugfixing and optimisation.- pre-made scenarios and world customisation (infinite worlds, pirates, travelling cargo or military ships, asteroid showers) make for quick game starts.Now, for the bad bits:- physics simulation: due to the large quantity of simulated objects, and the current computation limits, the game can be quite slow. The main limiting factor in building designs is the framerates, and it's just sad to have to abandon the station built piece by piece over a few months because it slows down the game too much. As with my heavily-modded Minecraft install, or similar KSP, I'm saddened to reach the point where my base simply slows the game down too much to be playable.- physics simulation: due to simulation issues (and gameplay constraints born out of using Newtonian physics*) the maximum speed of any object (except fired bullets, lasers) is set at around 110 m/s; this is relative to an implicit fixed point. While the game had asteroids, this was less glaring; with the introduction of planets, this became much more of a problem. The planets are tiny - to make them reachable and orbitable - tens of km (or tens of miles, doesn't make much difference) in diameter; atmospheric entries at 110m/s are as hot as day-old soup and entirely unexciting.- optimisation, bugs: relatively poorly optimised (but, hey, at least it's not written in Java) and with a lot of programming bugs and gameplay kinks. While this is normal for an alpha game, I still have to evaluate the game for what it is.- poor interface: the interface was designed for a less-complex game (or this game a few years ago). Large, clunky, and requiring many clicks and keypresses to get where desired, it needs a serious overhaul.Conclusion:While less suited to building cities of the stars, and more suited to mid-size projects or conflict-eroded multiplayer faction bases, the game does play its strengths well.Ultimately, I've had a fun experience with Space Engineers; the fact that I've spent the time to build my bases up to a grinding halt tells that I've been sucked into the game, constantly planning and building, and enjoying myself.-----------------Physics & gameplay rant below:* The issue of speed in Newtonian Mechanics vs. gameplay constraints has been discussed in the past. For instance, a few years back EVE Online(well, CCP) argued for speed limits (and against Newtonian Mechanics) since, given two ships of the same class, the follower would never be able to catch up to the followed.Still, I feel that a free-build game has many options open for it to remove the low - and sudden - speed limit.General Relativity max-speed (exponentially difficult to approach, never achieve) provides a good dimishing-returns curve. Bell's Two-ship problem - meaning that, in General Relativity, an identical follower would never be able to catch up to the followed - can be circumvented by stripping down ships to the bare minimum (or adding more engines); higher-acceleration interception ships can catch up to slower ones, while being poor at frontline combat due to the high ratio of engines to ship mass (i.e. trade-offs, ship designed for roles and around constraints, emergent gameplay, fun!).Also, a ship travelling very fast can still be shot down with lasers (due to frame of reference interactions, the laser catching up to the fast ship moves still at the speed of light, from the point of view of, well, everybody in the universe), though aiming might be more of a challenge. Add to this emergent game constraints, like energy, life support, front gammaray shielding, interstellar hydrogen impacts and so on, and I conclude that, while difficult, a very large speed limit is feasible to implement and possibly fun to play with."
76561198066659348,Recommended,244850,13509336,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,EVpro,"Why are you reading the reviews?, GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME"
,Recommended,244850,10110661,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Deadpixels,"Mulitplayer is lame on this game because the players host the games so you get kicked for playing the game. The info on this games state thats it's a brutal surival game where other players can destroy your stuff and kill you by any means.If you do that you just get kicked and banned. Stupid. Space engineers need to host thier own servers otherwise this game aint gonna grow.Edit 03/08/2014Decided I was too hasty to judge this game. Of all the early access games I have bought into, Space Engineers is probably the best. Contrary to my prior review, dedicated servers have since been added so there is less in the way of zelous kicking and bannage.Great Space themed building game and some of the things you can do are mezmorizing. This is one of those games where you might stop playing a little while, but you always go back for more :)10/10 for a superb Early Access game with a tremendously supportive and focused dev team."
,Recommended,244850,9779183,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Zander,"I'm really happy that I paid for this game, my kids love building ships and stations on single player and it also has multiplayer. The development of this game is great because every update has something new into the game, so if you buy it your supporting more development features of this game, and if you want a new feature added to this game the devs are open ears about it. If your looking for a space sims this game is for you, if your looking for a sci-fi space sims game ask the devs on the forum to add features of sci-fi space before you buy it.It will get better and better with every update."
76561197973770344,Recommended,244850,10410753,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Darkwolf762,"One of the best and most complete early access games I have ever played.  My first thought when buying it was ""minecraft in space"", but Space Engineers delivers so much more than that.As a sandbox game, it is one of the best I have ever played.  The things you can do with even the simplest blocks are oustanding, and everyday I find something new.I did play minecraft for awhile after a roommate got me interested.  Although fun for a little while, I found it tedious to play and quickly lost interest.  Coming into Space Engineers I was worried that the same thing would happen here.  However, with everything that the developers are doing, and all the cool designs you see everyday, I'm completely hooked."
,Recommended,244850,9321758,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BigAntoni,02-03-2014: Love this game. Best Space build game you can find. Every update it get so much better.15-09-2017: Still love the game but update wise they got slow af. They call 2 stupid half slab blocks a major update and they aren't even for small grid :/.
,Recommended,244850,10201859,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,TalkingCactus,"Incomplete in its current state. However, this game has great potential as one of my favorite games."
76561198020964942,Recommended,244850,8514205,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Josh Adamik,Allot of fun when we can play with friends it will be hard core!
,Not Recommended,244850,25315053,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,OberstLeutnant,"Crashes all the time, and uses up to 12GB of RAM. It also hasn't changed much in the last few years, planets and jump drives and thats it, woohoo?"
,Not Recommended,244850,25459501,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,PdG,"i7 2700, gtx 970, 16 giga di ram. Medium detail. Quickstart -> 24 fps. Lowest detail -> 30 fps.In this situation i don't suggest to buy this game."
76561198111271756,Recommended,244850,28767374,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,FasteningFern,I would recommend this game to someone who has plenty of off time and is ready to learn some new game mechanics it is a good game and has bugs all games do but that is mostly just the occasional glitch in the physics engine.
,Recommended,244850,33248092,Posted: 4 July,all,BLλCK MESA,Best space game ive ever played. (Make sure you have a good computer)
,Recommended,244850,12867010,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DarkFlameFedora,Its amazeing once you get the hang of the controlls for example to turn your jetpack on/off click x and to get blocks and such click g. at first i kept flyong away because of my jetpack.
,Recommended,244850,15961972,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,DeRoberto,This game is Perfect 4 those who like Sandbox worlds or you can go creative and just build epic spaceships and bases and with the updates its hardly get boring
,Recommended,244850,15944761,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,EverKnoxx,it is a game where a little rainbow man makes a little ship on a little adventure to strip the cosmos of its recorses so you can make a slightly larger little ship to reapet the same scentence over and over again.
,Recommended,244850,28894324,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sulva,"Space Engineers is a space sandbox about building stations and ships.This game is getting active updates adding new features and there is also an active workshop, so there is usually always something new to do. Exploring space and planets is quite fun.Space Engineers features both a creative and survival mode.In creative you can build without limits.In survival you have to collect resources and survive.So there is usually something for everyone in this game."
,Not Recommended,244850,8763576,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Lyra Hauntstrings,"I'm revising this review after having owned and played the game for a few years and eventually becoming unsatisfied with the state of development. I bought it back when it was little more than building blocks in space, and for a long time it seemed like it had a hell of a lot of promise.Now, though, development is lethargic and lackluster. The last major update, where they added planets, was a few years ago, and since then we haven't gotten much in the way of meaningful progress. Maybe the oxygen system? They've added things like ""space wolves"" though and it honestly just seems like they're abandoning the game. It still suffers from terrible optimisation for the rendering, the oxygen system, the physics and quantization, and the netcode, meaning multiplayer is barely viable at times and if you have anything less than a modern medium-tier gaming rig then your experience is probably going to be significantly hampered.What they *have* had time to implement, however, is something that comes off as an omen of bad things to come, a Steam Item system that looks like it's going to be the precursor to microtransactions. No f-ing thank you. Stay away until this ship's course has been corrected."
,Recommended,244850,13425520,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Conclude,I'm currently on my way to Vegas to marry this game.
,Recommended,244850,13403299,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Church's Chicken,To Addicting Had to Have Girlfriend Uninstall when I was not Looking.
,Not Recommended,244850,30503562,Posted: 14 March,all,Tylerius Maximus,"Most of the reviews here talk about how the developers break the game further and further with each update. It seems true. When I bought the game, the rating was well over 90%. Now the recent reviews are hovering around 71%.To give some perspective: when I first bought this game a couple years ago, it was amazing. Since then, a ton of new content has been added but the amount of bugs added to multiplayer makes the game essentially unplayable online. Even though the game has more content, I really can't play it anymore because I'm not interested in playing the game by myself.Do not buy this game until it's fixed. At of this writing, it isn't."
,Not Recommended,244850,30597030,Posted: 18 March,all,Scott Sterling,Garbage game. I'd comment on the gameplay but honestly I haven't had a chance to play it - it just keeps bugging and crashing just trying to walk around.
76561198012455331,Not Recommended,244850,30578224,Posted: 17 March,all,Tchmstr,"Game looks great, unfortunately...Trying to complete mission one:Get to the point where they require you to jump a gap, jump aaaand, can't land...  Stuck eternally in jump position.  Tried it like 20 different times, tried all commands/functions, nothing...  Forever Floating...Okay, I get it, it's Beta, however...No support:Try to find a way to contact them to report the bug or lookup issues, it's a blank for this, or run-a-round links back to nothing.  Finally find the forums, which seem to be the only form of support, can't create an account:Name, Email, Password, Confirm Password, Gender, DoB, Agree to terms, Sign Up...  That's it, yet each time you hit sign up,""Please correct the following errors:You did not complete the CAPTCHA verification properly. Please try again.""Um, I would, but there is no CAPTCHA!  Um, looked several times, even loaded on a different browser, nothing...So, again, game looks great, but when I can't even use a basic function such as jump, or report the error or even get help on forums from other players, yeah, asking for a refund..."
76561198048459865,Recommended,244850,23844657,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,[RAIN] Just a Bard,pls fix crashes. pls.....
76561198316160025,Not Recommended,244850,24219097,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,dylanlegomaster,"I have seen videos of this game a I believe it is a incredible game but unfortunatly as every time I have tried to play it, it has crashed I unfortunatly have not been able to play due to being unable get past the loading screen then my computer freezes and have tried everything that the steam troubleshooting sugested and only have wasted my time with this game. Its a shame I cant play it."
,Not Recommended,244850,24244296,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Babynugs,"Bought the game and i get ♥♥♥♥ed over by one part of the program not wanting to work after having to download a seperate program in order for it to ""work""."
76561198282855506,Not Recommended,244850,29949751,Posted: 15 February,all,Hillarump,"I love its concept.but we need more creatures,spider and wolf are just dull.But thats not the most important thing.Optimization is just bad.And bugs.But still recommand everyone to try,so more ppl will get to the forum and post about how bugs and lags ♥♥♥♥ their game.maybe then keen will really look into it and get their XXXX together."
,Not Recommended,244850,29887872,Posted: 12 February,all,Raane,"Stay away.Very very far from being ready to play. I had to reinstall the game several times before even getting it to run, and even after figuring out how to run it I was left with a game that felt empty and unfinnished. It's more of an early stage tech demo of their game machanics than a finnished game.It's also worth noting that while the game only has mediocre graphics mostly low poly models, the game is very hard to run and even on my GTX1070 desktop I often ran under 30 fps."
76561197970556189,Not Recommended,244850,29928703,Posted: 14 February,all,WhiteFire,"In the game's current state I would call Survival unplayable except for dedicated fans. Why?Harsh death penalty: all inventory is DELETED. Not dropped in space where you die, not left in a box, just gone. Go back all you want, your tools, guns, ore, parts, etc. are gone. UPDATE: there are claims that recent versions drop inventory, however, also just as many claims that backpacks are never found. So deleted by intent or bug, same problem.Insta-kill bugs: From other reports dated long ago, these bugs continue and persist. You _will_ be randomly killed by physics errors while mining. You may just die because you were so foolish as to try walking.The combination of a death penalty that in the best of situations is extremely harsh by any measure in the last decade will leave this a niche game that will be overshadowed by it's competitors, already Empyrion is eclipsing in Survival play due to being more flexible with it's options.While this game may well have earned itself a name for exploring new grounds, I doubt it will be the one that wins the genre."
76561198046815582,Not Recommended,244850,30183722,Posted: 25 February,all,JyeGantic,Crashes on windows 10
76561198233025500,Not Recommended,244850,30112418,Posted: 22 February,all,keeton.hammett,game keeps crashing i havent got to play it once
,Not Recommended,244850,30182944,Posted: 25 February,all,NightHawk,This will be the greatest game ever made once 1k processors are available.
,Recommended,244850,25013670,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AnnoyingPlastic,I like this game very much. But can you just stop adding new stuffs before you fix those bugs?
,Recommended,244850,25105887,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Steve,11/10 better than no mans sky cuz idk
,Recommended,244850,25104377,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FrostiWolff,"I Love this game it allows Users to be creative and make extraordinory ships, space stations and planets.theres not much to dislike about this game if you believe the game is lacking certain blocks, jump over to the workshop and explore the library of Mods for the game."
,Recommended,244850,25108627,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SickPuppy,"So.... Space engineers.Here are the ways that its good ( when its not laggy, dont get me wrong I love the game )1.Build a cool planet base.2.Your Friends destroy it3.You get a space station from the steam workshop4.You make a fleet.5.Ten hours have passed.6.Your friends on your friends only world find your station.7.They attach gravity wells to the side.8.The Space station collapses in itself, while you and your only good friend escape.9.Your friend gets blue screen death.10.You stop playing for 10 mins then miss it.Now the bad thing....1. You are messing around crashing ships into each other.2. You want to make a base that goes inside a crashed ship, so your crash your ship into a planet.3. It takes a while to get their and it keeps freezing on the way4.Just as you are about to crash into the surface, it crashes.5. You wait6. Nothing happens7. YOu close space engineers, but the sound of the engines is still in your headset.8. You turn off your computer.9. On the way in it beeps and I get blue screen death.I think i almost broke my pc... Im gonna do the same thing!"
,Recommended,244850,25105267,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,krewslayer96,"I understand that this is an Early Access game, but my initial experience was not great. I've seen much gameplay and I know that this game has potential to be a real gem, but it still needs some polish. I have hopes that it will get there and maybe I will get it again at that point. Best of luck to the devs!"
,Recommended,244850,9286429,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The Armchair Redditor,"It's Minecraft in space! You can build spaceships, space stations and other structures in space. You're also given the option of arming your spacecraft and a variety of engines which you can browse through to put on your spacecraft. There is no limit to what you can build in this game!"
,Recommended,244850,7552662,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Adi18k,Funny game! Is like Minecraft in Space :D.
,Recommended,244850,9751567,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,dUc0N,Diverted an innocent business shipment by constructing my own cockpit on the outside of the ship and flying it home.10/10 would hijack again.
,Recommended,244850,10926482,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Peil,"This game is great!  There is a learning curve and you definitely should watch the tutorials to learn how to build.  I played creative mode for a few hours first to try and get a feel for everything, then went to the servers with the other players.  Ok big mistake there.  I was in game for maybe 15 minutes, I got out of my ship to mine an asteroid and when I came back, someone had blown a hole in my ship and completely destroyed my cockpit and medical bay, so I couldn't recharge my suit.  You definitely do not want to play multiplayer as anyone 5 minutes into the game can just ram your ship and destroy everything you worked on for hours.   Now I'm doing the crashed red ship scenario and I'm loving it."
76561198136306254,Recommended,244850,12619302,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Titanic Death,They shoud add ways to move astroids and planets
,Recommended,244850,9710316,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,ZONTA,Wonderfull game. Lots of potential. Let's see where it will be going.the only cons is when you die from falling out of nothing and the lag in multiplayer
,Recommended,244850,10094514,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,00Donkey,"addictive and fun when u get the hang of it! ...has a long way to go as far as seetting mission goals and whatnot, right now its just a big sandbox but it IS FUN! ..i mean heck i MADE A GRAVITY POWERED ASTEROID THROWING ""RAIL GUN"" ...LOTSA' FUN! and VERY active workshop community! ""in other words you can get ""blueprints or w/e for creations other people have made like ""X-Wing-Star wars fighters, ships from ""babylon-5, and even EvE-Online ships, and etc etc!"
,Recommended,244850,13947683,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Frenchy,Although in early access this game is coming along nicely. The devs regularly update the game and it is very fun all round. The building and destruction physics are amazing for something that isn't even finished yet. Pretty much everything about this game is good as long as you're into this sort of game but one thing I will say: it lacks immursion compared to a lot of other games.
,Recommended,244850,7480847,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Logotipok,"I've just bought it for no reason and *WHOOSH*, awesome game!If developers advance this game, that would be really the best space build/fight game ever!"
76561198065010426,Recommended,244850,23405194,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Prothy The Prothean,"Pretty cool game, large learning curve though.Every single bit of my time worth it."
,Recommended,244850,28436654,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AMCrayfish,"Worth every pennyI got this game when it was in metaphorical diapers. It was hardly functional, there was little gameplay, but it was a good concept.Fast forward a few years. I hadn't played in a while, and I got an upgraded computer. I used this game as a benchmark. It was a very good idea. More features had been added, and I was hooked. There is exponentially more potential that this game has. I really love the concept of this game, too.There are only two things I have complaints about: The controls are kinda funky (just the layout is all), and it would be amazing if some work was put into NPCs (like making them less sparse, occasionally coming and attacking your base...)9/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,244850,13082534,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,OOSA,"This fantastic space sandbox allows a player to spend countless hours building complex and amazingly detailed spaceships with lights, rotors, and hundreds of working machines... and then spend about five minutes crashing, crushing, and blowing up said creations."
,Recommended,244850,11143330,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sgtgrumbles89,"Soo good, will be amazing when more content is released!"
,Recommended,244850,9732991,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Nuclear Dio,This is probably the best space ship building game out there with its FANSTASTIC damage engine! I reccomend this to anyone with a good performing computer.
,Not Recommended,244850,33866993,Posted: 28 July,all,Lil Asrium,"I had fond memories playing this game, I really did. Is it fun? Yes. Does it spark creativity and imagination? Yes. I was genuinly excited playing this game for the first 20 hours or so. Then came the bugs. Ships disapearing, ships combusting, parts failing etc. Get this game only if you are prepared to deal with bugs and ignorant devs."
76561198105921225,Recommended,244850,20211501,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ryno,"Its a fun game if you like building and destroying stuff. The Devs are pretty good with new updates almost on a weekly basis. Servers crash alot.....ALOT! So if you decide to do survival online..... Get gud, because youre gonna loose a lot of time."
76561198015895095,Not Recommended,244850,8138308,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mr. Green,"The game itself is fantastic.But the many bugs , like exploding ships for no reason, falling to ground, disconnecting landing gears, major lag spikes , weird wheel physics .... , make this game hard to play atm.Latest update (24/08) ♥♥♥♥ed evrything up."
76561198049962536,Recommended,244850,9789702,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Bio,"Just starting playing this game and its in one word ""Awesome""... Now two words for you all ""Must Get""!"
76561198056679529,Recommended,244850,8698259,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The Doom Wagon,Minecraft in space!
76561197991010681,Recommended,244850,7906082,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zeorymer,"""The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it."" - Oscar Wilde. That quote here can sum up the 'need', the 'want', the 'drive' to create something magnificent in Space Engineers.Space Engineers is an early release Alpha (which has limitations, IMPORTANT to note), that combines sandbox and creative elements and puts them in a Zero G, futuristic setting. While combat and weapons and a working multiplayer is in the works and not out yet, that's not the main attraction of this game at the moment. It's the ability to create almost ANY kind of small craft, large craft, OR station. It doesn't matter, the ONLY limit is your imagination. You can save your creations, and if you want, ram them into things to see real time collision and damage.If you're the kind of person who wants to test their imagination, patience, creativity, in an open sandbox game with more to come as time goes on, I HIGHLY recommend this game, hands down. I wish the best for this development team and hope this game has a bright future."
76561198001606478,Recommended,244850,7478590,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Tote Baggs Tanuki,"Currently,, Space minecraft, cant wait to see the end result"
76561198011886464,Recommended,244850,10059950,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,MeGo,"This game is going places! With the high output of new futures and their constant adding of code, fixing of bugs and working out the general feel of the game I find myself constantly growing more excited by Space Engineers. It’s only limited open sandbox at the moment yet I find myself constantly trying to figure out new designs. To space and beyond :P"
,Recommended,244850,9028233,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,BACK TO THE KITCHEN WOMAN,Best game ever. Better then minecraft or any creative game out there.
76561198001004150,Recommended,244850,8847370,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Poundage,If you like to crash giant ships into your friends look no FURTHER.  Also Gerbil yelling
76561198090582077,Recommended,244850,9149309,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,OpiumBicycles,"Awesome game, like minecraft in space but x10000."
,Recommended,244850,11622083,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,神Sir Awesome_Possum神,this game is very good it is a mix of fps and sandbox that is why there is no end to as far your mind can spread
,Recommended,244850,7531006,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Oscuro87,"Take Minecraft, take a space shuttle, put Minecraft in it, launch.An explosive recipe for a promising game. ;-)"
76561198183381301,Recommended,244850,33139478,Posted: 2 July,all,KeithFukaton,"Good for crashing space ships, bad for the♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of bugs causing the crashes to lose all of their physics. WARNING: SHIPS CAN OFTEN JUST WONDER OFF FOR NO ♥♥♥♥ING REASON [BUGS PEOPLE, NONE OF THE DEVS WANT TO SQUISH THEM] also 3rd person always snaps back to first which is annoying as ♥♥♥♥"
76561198027229939,Recommended,244850,33180469,Posted: 3 July,all,Salakar (ERKEL),great sandbox
76561198073338383,Recommended,244850,33242523,Posted: 4 July,all,billthedoge49,Really good
,Recommended,244850,33247079,Posted: 4 July,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
76561198070589176,Recommended,244850,33277537,Posted: 5 July,all,Soraka By Baby,"Hey guys I just had a few things to say in general about this game. I have been playing this game since alpha and am amazed to how far it has come since then. imo its one of the best sandbox space games out there. I say this becasue it allows me to create damn near anything I can think of. As a kid who spent coutnless hours playing with legos (like I'm sure many of you have to) Space Engineers is a dream come true.I've been reading a lot of negative reaviews about the dev team and the long-standing bugs and glitches. I totall get the frustration. However, since this game has seen consistent attention, on the part of the devs, for most ofo its life I like to beleive that it will be finished the way I (we) hope it will.And besides, this is a sandbox game by definition, your imagination and creativity are the driving forces. There doesn't need to be a point other than makeing your childhood dreams a playable reality. Thats the best part for me! You know they old saying: ""It's not always about the destination, it's about the journey."" The building, crafting, and flying, and all their failures and successes, is what makes this game beautiful in my mind. I won't ever stop playing this gem as its the best way to reconnect with my LEGO Star Wars building and battle sessions :)"
76561198076038455,Recommended,244850,33321598,Posted: 6 July,all,DatBoi111,"Lovely Game, Honest and Active developers. Their has been a lot of bug fixes lately but the game is updated every week on thursday so any bugs found will not persist. I have many hours in this game and love it playing it still. I hope to see more content updates in the future but I trust keen when they say updates are coming (that include more than bug fixes). I love the game and wanna see it grow, If you love building or space this is definitely a must have."
76561198092131731,Recommended,244850,33468011,Posted: 11 July,all,St4ike,"I love the game, fun and engaging. The game is a little confusing or complicated near the beggining, especially for me, but once you understand how it works it becomes a LOT ot fun. I reccomend this game to people who love space, building, and exploration."
,Recommended,244850,32755890,Posted: 24 June,all,CaptainJames1701,a really fun game i love it and it gives me experiments and fun things to do
76561197991287628,Recommended,244850,32830203,Posted: 26 June,all,Lguystillfly,Pretty much the best game ever.Constantly updating the game.  Lots of mods.  Always something to do.  My only complaint would be not enough mobs/npcs.  But there are mods for that.  Have 300 hours in the game.  Would recommend.
76561198107295743,Recommended,244850,32850411,Posted: 27 June,all,SD.Potato,"Great Concept, Great Mechanics, Great Game"
76561198152850545,Recommended,244850,33047392,Posted: 30 June,all,mryolowtfmlg420ggpro(Explosions),gg
76561198273988499,Recommended,244850,33091502,Posted: 1 July,all,Private Wandering,A lovely game that just needs better multiplayer
76561198333033421,Recommended,244850,33186339,Posted: 3 July,all,kkluv630,love it but sandbox mdoe never loads for me please make it less laggy ):
76561198014451758,Recommended,244850,33285739,Posted: 5 July,all,Bluearsebaboon,Previously I wrote a negative comment on the game but now that I researched it and realised that the creator loved the idea of building blocks as a kid and grew up developing a game like this with huge potential. I realy do hope that hey fix the bugs and continue with there updates.It a real time consuming game but enjoyable.. only aspect I wish for was for more frequancy of attacks by pirates in the offline single player mode but maybe it`s just me not knowing how to play with the settings...It`s a good game...
,Recommended,244850,33389296,Posted: 8 July,all,00xtreme7,Honestly one of the best sandbox games I've played yet! I love the mod support and ability to do what you want in the game. Can't wait to see what this game will be like In the future.
,Recommended,244850,34320640,Posted: 17 August,all,Chickcu The Guido Chicken,Will make your friends see how dumb you truly are
76561197991495877,Recommended,244850,22355114,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,LITTLEMEAN60,great game got it workinh after installing a microsoft update thanks for this game.
,Recommended,244850,33101738,Posted: 1 July,all,ThronedCloth,love this game so much!
76561197969787517,Recommended,244850,33182359,Posted: 3 July,all,jaimeb42,Did the tutorial mission. Was awesome. Started a new game and landed safely at an unknown location on earth. Got jumped by a wolf pack 5 strong moments after stepping out of my lander. Shot them. Looted 42 computers from a corpse.   Haven't even built anything yet. Lovin it.
76561198057142927,Recommended,244850,33321871,Posted: 6 July,all,ElectroVeeDub,"Haters gonna hate...If you take a quick look through all the reviews here, you'll notice that there's some mixed reviews with people complaining about bugs in Space Engineers. They're just being whiny little kids.Of course there's bugs. The game is still in Beta development. Games that have the countless hours of fun that we all want take literally years to develop. It's not an instantaneous endeavour. Keen Software House has done a fine job of updating their games on a WEEKLY basis, with videos uploaded to YouTube highlighting their patches and new content. Keen does it's best to keep it's playerbase informed, and in my opinion does a much better job at it than most other developers I've ever seen. No bull... weekly updates.Space Engineers is a game where your imagination, and gaming rig, are the only limits. Wanna build a Star Destroyer from Star Wars then insta-pwn other players in PVP fashion? No problem. Wanna kick back with a beer and play solo, and build the international space station? Do it. Wanna invent ridiculous super weapons strapped to 1000m long ships that hurl a thousand asteroids at a base at 18,000 kmph smashing it into oblivion? Completely possible. Wanna start off a map where you have 15 minutes to find oxygen and build necessities, or you're dead? Welcome to Space Engineers.Regardless of what others say, this game is more than worth the asking price. I'd have no problem paying $60 for it. I'm happy I've supported the developers, and I have no regrets about the purchase. I do find the planets to be buggy compared to the outer-space maps however. The spider-like mobs tend to clip through blocks. They have terrible AI. Theres texture pop-up. Odd rock formations floating mid air. And other general irregularities. No doubt it'll get fixed one day.Space Engineers offers you a multiplayer paradise that is the obvious graduation from other sandbox games like MineCraft. If you've played others, and are looking for a deeper expierience with more crafting, resource gathering, pvp, pve, and teamwork... look no further. You can host your own servers, join other servers, or just decide to play solo. There's ruthless PVP where people try to kill you and destroy everything you built... and there's servers where its peacfull and people cooperate towards a common goal. Whatever you like.. you'll find it. Just be prepared... it's a very complicated game with a bit of a steep learning curve. I wouldn't recommend it for kids or people with no patience. There's tons of menus and options. Physics, inertia, and science is a major part of everything you'll do in this game.The community is unusually helpful and well behaved. Need a friend to play with? Live in a US/Canadian timezone with a microphone? Send me a friend request. I know people who can get you trained up. Do you have a silly question? Post a thread on the forums: nobody will laugh at you.There's a mind boggling amount of mods and community created content that are downloadable from Steam. Want a blue-print to build the USS Enterprise NC-1701D? But you don't have 60 hours to engineer the ship yourself? No problem. It's on the workshop no doubt.So if you're a sandbox fan with a genuine amount of ""Geek in space building stuff"" in your blood... give Space Engineers a shot.I'm impressed. It's a great game with huge potential."
,Recommended,244850,32946871,Posted: 28 June,all,VERNE,"fun game with friends that requires finding resources, and creating cool inventions"
76561198305700213,Recommended,244850,33037273,Posted: 30 June,all,annajorgy,"THE GAME IS AMAZING! But, its not really funwithout mods. It has bad preformance but I think its just because im on a mac with windows on it."
76561198101529083,Recommended,244850,33470036,Posted: 11 July,all,Peaceful RAGE,"fun with friends, good concept, poor optimization, if you have under average pc this will be a nightmare to run, i barely get 30 frames with my decent setup. would be better if there was more content, like roleplayng servers with decent playercounts, or a survival mode with an endgame purpose rather than survivng in an asteroid field or killing pirates.  The main mechanics are there and are really in depth, it just needs to build and imporve those mechanics, Im giving this a thumbs up only because this game has potential to be something really cool, id say pick it up on sale or until it gets more content"
76561198202908679,Recommended,244850,32825037,Posted: 26 June,all,Sleekblade,"I love this game to pieces. However theres still so much wrong with it, i havent played enough to figure what each thing is but i do with they add more campaign to teach a more in depth tutorial and then some. But they also should add more ai and different faction. This may be scummy of me but im going to reference starpoint geminis ai enemys and friends i know if wiuld take a long time but i would live to have a singleplayer/multiplayer where u can add npcs onto your team or factions you can add to ur game. Also randomly generated worlds too and not just preset maps. Kind of like age of empires they have random map and npcs you can ally with or be neutral ir enemys. This is still beta and a amazing game. Just hard to figure out."
,Recommended,244850,32942115,Posted: 28 June,all,RightSideofMike,When this game first came out on steam a while ago I played a lot of it and eventually got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the bugs that were happening. I stopped playing untill recently and am very happy with the fixes that have been made. There are still bugs in the game but since last time I have played there have ben major improvments. I would recomend this game if it is on sale there is still a lot to do and have fun with mostly coming out of the moding community and workshop.
76561198010453557,Recommended,244850,32960697,Posted: 28 June,all,astaroth17,Best sandbox game.
,Recommended,244850,33086306,Posted: 1 July,all,Dorin,Good !
,Recommended,244850,31393627,Posted: 27 April,all,Thetankerboss,I love the game it runs very well on my computer my computer has a rx460 4gb and a amd crappie prosser and has 4 gb of ram but runs very well I have not run into any glitches or problems with it and it runs smoothly on my computer I love the game
,Recommended,244850,32939394,Posted: 28 June,all,Vexxi,xd
76561198096536543,Recommended,244850,32941389,Posted: 28 June,all,Claymoore,I absolutly love this game. The possibilities are endless and the physics are usualy sopt on. In the early days of the game I was able to play on my laptop rather easily but now its simply not playable on this machine. I have to play on my tower for it to be an enjoyable experience. The multiplayer is excellent and is constantly imporving. I love playing with friends.
,Recommended,244850,32944983,Posted: 28 June,all,Communist Spacecrabs,das is gud
76561198113206356,Recommended,244850,32958541,Posted: 28 June,all,lesharvard,"I love this game- I have logged a ton of hours into it. I bought this a couple of years ago and they are still improving it every couple of weeks. When I first played it they only had 3rd person view for large ships, half the survival blocks didn't function, they didn't have guns. NOW THIS GAME HAS EVERYTHING AND MORE. Fun game!"
,Recommended,244850,33085029,Posted: 1 July,all,Rampage,"I love this game to death and because Im actually going to engineering school this is facinating. I only wish my computer wasn't a potato running this at about. . .0 fps, seriously its unplayable for me cause my laptop is like 14-15 years old. Thankfully my bro has the game too so I just mess around on his computer. Still a great game. I can't wait to see this game leave the beta sometime hopefully soon."
,Recommended,244850,33093080,Posted: 1 July,all,Liger_XT5,"I don't much I can say that many other, positive, reviewers haven't said.I will say this. Remember it's a game in beta. There are weekly updates.Save frequently, every 5-10 minutes. If the game pauses for saving more often than you like, increase the time, or disable auto-saving, and save manually.Bonus/Brownie points: Have a program keeping the last few minutes of game activity on screen recorded. Similar to Xbox's ""Record That"" function. You will have funny moments you'd want to save for later, or even share. Youcoulduse Windows 10 game recorder. However I recommend others such as Nvidia's Game Experience, OBS Studio, and I think X Split has it too."
