user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,245170,12621057,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Saga,"Notable features:Infinite combo prevention system (so combos are more complex and ironically less escapable)Asshats on motorcyclesStrong female characters (if you're into that)Sexually suggestive clothing (if you're into that)A whopping eight people to play online withController supportA boat made entirely out of bloodYou may have heard there is glorious anime cleavage in this game. You have not been misinformed. Just go ahead and buy it now if that's what you're here for. I'll be here, making disapproving faces at my computer and pretending you can see me.I've been told Skullgirls is one of the most technical fighting games to exist. A goodly few of the mechanics were designed in part by fighter champion Mike ""Mike Z"" Zaimont. As a salty casual who can't beat the tutorial but still makes a ham-fisted attempt at playing anyway, I know I've only scratched the surface of what can be done with this game (a process akin to scratching the surface of the moon). I've seen videos of high-level play, and it is astonishing. So if you're somebody who can decipher the phrase ""qc.P+P -> a.HK -> dp"" you'll find a lot to love here. If you can't, that's no reason not to buy this game. The combat is fun and engaging even if you can't explain to your friends what's happening in absurdly small acronyms.Skullgirls has 13 playable characters, each with their own engrossing story modes and unique playstyles (up from 9 in the wake of a devastatingly successful Indiegogo campaign). At least 2 more characters are still on the way. If you grab them fresh out of the oven, they're free, too! But don't burn your hand. Then you won't be able to play Skullgirls, and that would be unfortunate."
,Recommended,245170,9911776,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Killer Queen,"It's a very solid fighting game, it's not 3rd strike or Tekken 3 or another fighting game with 3 in title but it's good nonetheless, and here's why.Character roster is not robust but it still covers a variety of playstyles, all rounders, zoners, grapplers and speed characters... To put it shortly, despite the lack in numbers every character feels different from one another.This game has best tutorial I've ever seen in a fighting game. It doesn't just show you which buttons do what, this tutorial will explain you every little thing about how this game works and how each character plays and when you're done, there's still a lot of space for creativity and improvement.Story mode is... fine. I'm honestly not a big fan of it, story itself is quite predictable and largely based on one or two standard tropes that many fighting games use. Final boss felt a bit disappointing for me but it's kind of a hit or miss situation. Some will like that there's a special character that is very different from anyone else in a very fundamental way but I personally prefer when at the end you face just a character from the roster like everyone else you've been fighting before. Also at the time I was beating the game it seemed like the only way to beat the boss on higher difficulties was to just cheese her out and that's not really fun in my opinion but it was some time ago and by now people probably got much better at the game and found out other, more interesting ways to beat the boss.Multiplayer... I wish I could say something about it but I only managed to play it once with some guy from Australia (and I live on the edge between Europe and Asia) with both of us having ping over 150 or something like that... not exactly enjoyable expirience (though i have to say lag compensation was rather nice even in that dire situation) but it was the only expirience avaliable at the time. I recommend you check out something like steam charts if you buy this game for multiplayer, and check if you have some sort of community for this game in your area.Visuals and sound are very good. Background music is not distracting and yet very charming, reminds me of something Yoko Kanno would've composed but it still sound quite unique and recognisable. Animation and art is beautiful and smooth, yeah there are boobs and butts but they offend as much as Switzerland. There are plently of stages and all of them look amazing. Game looks and sounds very good, period.And to finish it off, gameplay and controls. They are both very, very solid. I use a fight stick and it works like a charm, as it should,  obviously. Keyboard is also fine though, it's much harder for me to play on keyboard, but I don't see why you wouldn't be able to get good results with it after some practice, though I have to say fight stick is real sweet. Game mechanics are way beyond what you would expect from an indie dev, gameplay feels very polished and refined, every time I lost I knew that it was my fault and what that fault was and that's a big deal in any game.So yeah, this game is good, I liked it, pros overwhelm cons and I wish this game sells even better so there would be more people to play with."
,Recommended,245170,32126481,Posted: 2 June,all,A T T A C,respect women
,Recommended,245170,9920012,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Every now and then, a game comes along that truly deserves to be called capital-g Great. I don’t mean a game that’s merely fun, or entertaining, or even aesthetically beautiful – all great things, but no single aspect of which would nudge a title beyond the level of “good”. I’m talking about a game that manages to mix a creative, imaginative world filled with original, memorable characters, equipped with polished gameplay, and to pull it all off with an expert craftsman’s level of skill and attention to detail – including literally thousands of frames of character animation. Skullgirls is a traditional close-combat fighting game that manages to bring all of this to the table. If you are a fan of 2D fighting games who has yet to add Skullgirls to your library, you owe it to yourself to rectify this situation as soon as possible. It would be a deal at twice the price.Now, I’ve enjoyed fighting games since the days of King of Fighters and Street Fighter II – but outside of casually decking friends in Soul Calibur, the fact is I’ve never been particularly enamored with the genre for the gameplay’s sake, or even very good at the games. What’s always drawn me in, believe it or not, is the story and the personalities. Sure, the actual plots are typically paper-thin, cotton candy fluff – the Heihachi family’s internal squabbles in Tekken, the Orochi power in King of Fighters… it’s all silly stuff even (perhaps especially) when it tries to be serious, and it mostly serves as a backdrop to create fun, creative characters and personalities.The setting of Skullgirls stands out even alongside the crazier, Guilty Gear variety of bizarre worlds, setting itself in the fictional Canopy Kingdom – a cartoony environment most reminiscent of the art deco designed 1940s, dominated by crime, strange creatures, and hybrids of technology and magic. Even before you get to the actual character storylines in Skullgirls, the visuals it presents you with – a mix of black, gold, neon and film reel decorations – is enough to make it incredibly distinct, as if someone took the setting of the original Bioshock and decided to make it all ten times more cartoony, and about a quarter as serious.As for the plot itself, Skullgirls provides a situation reminiscent of most fighting game contexts: every seven years, a living artifact known as the Skull Heart offers to grant the wish of one woman. But if the wisher has an impure soul, she’ll instead be transformed into a powerful, monstrous Skullgirl – leading her to terrorize and wreak havoc over the world. A young girl named Marie has made her wish and apparently been found unworthy, leading various characters to set their sights on her, each with their own motives – some seeking to simply bring her assault to an end, while others are after the power of the Skull Heart for themselves. In Story mode, you’ll select one of these eight characters (with five more either available or on the way via DLC) and follow their journey, learning about their histories and their motivations along the way via beautifully drawn cutscenes and dialogue – but mostly, you’ll spend your time kicking♥♥♥♥♥in straight up frantic combo-chaining, guard-breaking style.But before you even throw punch one, you’d do well to encounter the first feature that really makes Skullgirls shine – the tutorial mode. While it may sound odd to heap praise on what sounds like the most bog-standard addition to any game, let me emphasize: what sets Skullgirls apart on this front is the sheer depth of the tutorials. Let’s face it – fighting games are complicated, and despite having played many of them for so many years, I’d be lying if said I understood half of the fundamental mechanics that were at work in more serious matches. Here, things are different. Rather than simply cutting the player loose to understand the mechanics of the game on their own, or hunt details up online, the tutorials walk you through everything from the most basic low-medium-high punch/kink button layout, right down to throws, combo chaining, cancels, and even the ins and outs of each of the individual characters’ styles and moves.But what really makes Skullgirls shine above all else is the sheer effort that has gone into the polishing of all of its audio-visual aspects. The soundtrack is actually something to stand up and take notice of, being a collection of largely-jazzy tunes that do a good job of fitting the fantasy-1940s setting of the Canopy Kingdom. Character voices are crisp, clear and distinctive, adding a whole lot of personality to the Skullgirls themselves. But it’s the art and animation that is truly breath-taking, in more ways than one.So here’s where we’re at when all is said and done: a fighting game set in a gloriously original world, racked out with unique characters whose hand drawn animations are stunningly detailed and comprehensive. The soundtrack of the game is – at least for jazz fans – beautiful enough to warrant an OST purchase all on its own. The graphical presentation is phenomenal, the story mode is entertaining, the characters are unique and engaging as a whole. There’s a comprehensive in-game tutorial available for the game’s mechanics in general, and each character in particular. There’s DLC coming, there’s online and local matchups available, there are achievements and alt colors to unlock… and on top of all of this, the whole package is available for $14.99, or even less if you buy a multi-pack with a friend or three.The only real downsides to speak of is some highlights of sex appeal that may turn off some players, the frank necessity to own a controller to truly enjoy the game, and the fierce competition players will face in online versus play. Those are some incredible positives, and very forgivable negatives.As it stands, this very likely is the best PC fighting game available, period – and doubly so for the money. And not only that, but buying the game gives you access to the Skullgirls Beta, so you can test out changes in advance of their going live in the game proper. If you’re a fighting game fan, what more do you want?"
,Recommended,245170,10223600,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,dont let your mom watch you play this because sometimes you can see a girls underwear and you dont want to get grounded
,Recommended,245170,2755320,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,VenusInFurs,"Probably best looking 2d fighter i have played, everything is hand drawn and looks really good.The gameplay is a bit like marvel vs capcom series, but still different.It also have the best tutorial i have seen in a fighting game, it teach you every little aspect of the game, great for beginners.If you are new to fighting games, this is a good fighter to start with."
,Recommended,245170,7762197,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Rooky,"Good:+ plays like Mahvel, but doesn't at the same time+ ratio teams and custom assists are ballin'+ neato tutorial for scrubs+ fancy graphics and coolio music+ wow ggpo netplayLame:- reset-heavy gameplay might ruin your Christmas- combo video with every hitConclusion: Don't get SFxT-----Speaking more seriously, SG is a good game. If you like fighting games or are simply interested in them, consider SG."
,Recommended,245170,17981524,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,LegatoSkyheart,"IT'S NOT MARVEL, IT'S NOT CAPCOM.IT'S NOT GUILTY, NOR IS IT BLUE.HOLY MOTHER OF GOD! IT'S SKULLGIRLS ON STEAM!This game is amazing, It takes everything that's great about The Marvel vs Capcom games and ArcSystem Works games. Whether 1v1, or 2v1 or 3v3, etc. The Possible Match outcomes for this game are plenty.The Game also has a nice sizable cast even without the DLC updates and sometimes a small cast can help you out in the long run, but that's not to say the DLC characters aren't anything to miss because when you play this game, more than likely you're gonna play with the full roster.But the main reason why you should get this game is because it's SUPER USER FRIENDLY with it's in depth tutorial mode. Yes that's right, not only does this game have a Story/Arcade mode and Multiplayer (local and online), This game has a mode dedicated to teach you how to play fighting games. Yeah you read that right IT TEACHES YOU HOW TO PLAY FIGHTING GAMES. Not just Skullgirls, but it does help there too. The Game actually teaches you about Hitboxes and Recoveries and Punishes and all of that stuff you hear at EVO live streams, it's freakin' great!And after done with the Tutorial you'll have a better understanding on how this game is played and how all other fighting games are played so it's a win win.This is the perfect Fighting game for beginners and the Communtiy is well too So if you were ever interested in the genre this is a good place to start.5/5 stars!"
,Recommended,245170,16042866,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Very polished and aesthetically pleasing // A must have for 2D fighter enthusiasts+ Fluid and well-rendered animations+ Environmental designs are absolutely gorgeous, particularly for a 2D fighter+ Voiceovers are excellent, and every line serves well to increase the game's appeal+ Soundtrack and general audio design are well above-par+ One can choose custom assists that look and feel great, and add significantly to an already ample pallet of possible attack combinations+ Each fighter feels absolutely and wholly unique+ Online functionality runs smoothly, with minimal delay or performance impact+ Solid, classic, and superbly well-rounded fighter mechanics+ Competent tutorial mode is more than adequate to acclimate new players- Limited unlockables and gameplay modes- Short story modes, even for a fighter- Small pool of playable characters, even taking DLC into considerationLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198050617791,Recommended,245170,15149486,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,MegaMatt,A fighting game that has a tutorial. A FIGHTING GAME WITH A TUTORIAL. WHY IS THAT NORMALLY SO HARD????
,Recommended,245170,13305609,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Minty,"I beat the crap out of a demented 13 year old who has bombs coming out of her dress while in a thigh high skirt that flashed my panties every time I did anything. When I won, my hair changed into a person and used me as a scarf.I like this game."
,Recommended,245170,32391304,Posted: 13 June,all,R1P,"This game actually tried to teach fighting game scrubs like myself how to play, instead of just throwing you into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story mode that breaks all the rules.10/10 would bang"
,Recommended,245170,18521014,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dying Star,"My mum was watching me play, and I did a move that showed Valentine's underwear and then I got grounded.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,13658848,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kanna,"+Smooth gameplay (glorious 60fps hand drawn animations)+Boobs+One of very few fighting games I enjoy+Controller is a must, as with all fighting games (Im not joking. Keyboard is a nightmare. Don't even attempt.)-I get called ""Gay"" for playing this (How does that even work?)-I get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked cause I suck10/10"
,Recommended,245170,32635252,Posted: 21 June,all,PainkillerD,12 waifus2 husbandosGreat jazz soundtrackBeautiful animationsFanserviceGreat tutorialMEMES10/10 best fighting game
,Recommended,245170,17619764,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Tom,"Skullgirls is a 2D arcade action fighting game released on the PC in August 2013. The game was originally released on the consoles in 2012 and had great success.Skullgirls differs from the fighting games that we have lately, in that you can actually fight in teams of two or three, as well as the single sided matches.  All of the rules are the same as usual, however in team matches, the team which has the most health when adding them all together wins in the event of the time running out.  Each of the characters have a wide array of move sets to learn, and combos. Some of the special attacks are just amazing to watch. The animations on all of the characters is absolutely flawless.Since Skullgirls focuses a lot on the team matches, that means you are going to get plenty of double teams and dirty tricks being played by ""non active"" characters, and even hyper combos.All of the environments that you fight in are absolutely stunning as well. Even though they are pre-rendered, they are presented in a stunning art style which fits right in with the game. I would of liked to have seen maybe a little environment interactivity, but I guess you can't ask for everything.The story mode in Skullgirls isn't all that brilliant. It is extremely short, and you can blast through the story mode on any character in under 20 minutes if you try.  Yes you get the story and plot out of it, but all of the battles are the same each time you play and there is no varying. This is easily the shortest fighting game story mode I have played.Sound effects and sound track really are done well in Skullgirls. They are certainly way above par in the fighting genre.  You can actually. The sound track is amazing - you can purchase it separately herehttps://skullgirls.com/media/music/if you are into that kind of thing as well.Skullgirls has varying levels of difficulty in the regular, normal, easy and hard modes. Certainly steer clear from easy mode as it offers no challenge at all. I really couldn't keep up hard mode even on the story mode. There is also a couple of other modes to play in too - the normal arcade mode and versus mode. This game also has a very good tutorial which introduces all of the elements and some of the combos for your characters.Like I said, you can finish the story mode on a single player mode in under twenty minutes. Of course you can replay it with all of the characters which is about seven or eight (not including the DLC), which is in my opinion a bit low. Where you are going to get your mileage out of Skullgirls is in the arcade mode and in the multiplayer mode.  I have spent about 6 hours playing online (mostly getting my self owned over and over again), and I am having a blast playing. This is easily the best multiplayer fighter I've played in a while.I really strongly recommend Skullgirls, just off the pure fact that it is highly addictive to play, and you can pick up and play so easily. The inclusion of a well put together tutorial and combo system makes this game head and shoulders above most other fighting games of this type.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Only recommended when on sale3) Recommended4) Highly recommended5) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/245170"
,Recommended,245170,12307562,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,TillsterRulz,"(UPDATE: Decided to make a serious review, located further down. Apologies as it's mediocre and I'm not good at reviews)PLEASE READ!!!I'm a Christian mom and I found my son playing this game and was extremely disappointed in him :(((. He was kicking, hitting, and doing all sorts of devilish nonsense. There was even a character with the F-word as her name (Which he was playing as)!So I did the right thing any normal mother would do. I grounded him and told him why he's not allowed to play Fukua: because she is a ♥♥♥♥ing OP character who needs to be nerfed. Skullgirls is the dankest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever and he's sitting here being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ playing bad characters that don't require skill. That little ♥♥♥♥♥ needs to catch up on his combo skills because I own his♥♥♥♥♥everytime as Filia (The REAL Filia, not that stupid green thing). Please spread this around and do the right thing by teaching your kids to play real Skullgirls that require skill and don't rely on BS. 1 like = 1 prayer.this is a satire review, im not actually a christian mom. im some nerd who plays vidya gaims. serious review belowFirst ImpressionsSo I've never played a fighting game that uses 6 buttons and a stick (I don't know what that's called) or any fighting game so I was going into Skullgirls blind. I didn't have any interest in this game or genre before I saw my friends playing it. I was facisnated by the animations, graphics, and how smooth it looked. The first time I played it I chose Valentine and mashed buttons on a PS3 controller not caring for blockbusters, blocking, or combos; I was having too much fun even without knowing a lot of the game's functions.GameplayAs I mentioned before, I don't own a controller or 6 button gamepad, so I play with a keyboard.While the game may play a lot better on a controller, I found it very easy to play with a keyboard. The learning curve isn't that hard making it very easy for a newbie like me to get into. Any newcomers to a fighting game scene could learn how to play this game very easily, every move and blockbuster is just as easy to do on a keyboard as it is as controller. Skullgirls doesn't have a lot of characters to choose from, but all of those characters have unique playstyles that can go from fast light-hitting, quick aerial combat, to slow but powerful heavy-damaging. But all characters have light, medium, and heavy attacks but some characters are more attuned to a certain playstyle. And every character has unique blockbusters that can turn the tides of a fight when used properly along with combos. Combos can go on for quite some time, but they aren't infinite. Infinity breakers come in to play from what I could tell when the combo gets sloppy or slows down, giving you time to breath. Blocking, parrying, grabbing, armor, etc. are all also in the game can be used to your advantage but can be countered to an extent. Overall the game has very solid gameplay and I would recommened it to both newcomers and veterans to this genre.GraphicsThe game looks great with an anime-esque draw style where every frame is edited perfectly to make it look as smooth as possible. The game also runs great, there's no drops in framerate anywhere to be seen and it looks amazing. All the characters look great, in both a sexy and badass way. The designs of the characters influence how they fight and look. Filia has a parasite on her head (Samson) and uses him as a way of combat. Big Band uses a variety of instruments, Valentine a bunch of medical things, and etc. It's worth playing a character just for their aesthetic.it's also nice to look at their boobsOverallThe game is great, it's a solid fighting game with a great diverse cast that can do different things. The addition of more characters is really great. The price tag of 15 bucks is really fair and on sale it's a must buy. Anyone can get into this game no matter how they view the genre. Skullgirls is an amazing game, and you should get it and play it."
,Recommended,245170,18347924,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Cool Guy,skullgirls is a good game if you want to explore the dark nature of manedit: it also has the best netplay out of any fighting game on steam
,Recommended,245170,19052317,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Vito,"This is a review, that you should take to heart and shall help you to either decide to buy the game or not.Ilovethis game, if you couldn't tell. I play this game on a daily basis for 2 up to 5 hours a day and I will not get sick of it. I enjoy every second of it. From the music and stages, characters and their stories, up to the developers and voiceactors themselves; I just say, that I fell in love with this game. Of course, there are some flaws in this game, that I want to say in this review, so please, if you are not sure if this game is for you, then I hope, that I'll be able to help you.The Game:The game itself is basically what you get, when you throw Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat and your favorite anime waifu in a pot and mix it all together. It's a 2D Fighting Game with it's own certain mechanics and finally; Smooth 60 FPS. It is usually played with a Fighting/Arcade Stick, (Depends of how you call it) but on steam, you can play it with the Keyboard, XBox or Playstation controller... The choices are yours and yours only. If you prefer the Keyboard over the controller, go ahead.The CharactersThe Game has a selection of 14 characters, everyone of them with their own unique playstyle. As the title says, there are mostly only female characters. I repeat;mostly.With the exception of two characters, who are male, (Three, if you count Robo-Fortune as genderless) the rest of them are all female, but that does not matter. They all also have their own individual stories, which I like to tell you now.The Story/StoriesThe Story goes like this;A mystic artifact known as the Skullheart has been created since multiple decades. It's power was to grant any girl's wish, if they were pure in the heart, but most of them weren't. If they were not, they turned into a creature, called the ""Skullgirl"", who brought chaos, death and armageddon to a teaparty to wreck her surroundings. If the Skullheart got destroyed however, it will come back 7 years later to find a new victim and the cycle goes on and on and on... Until year HellIfIKnow, where the new Skullgirls ""Bloody Marie"" has risen and brings havoc to New Meridian.The character's stories are fixed and cannot be changed, whether you like it or not. Why am I telling you this? The stories of many characters end dramatically, sometimes death is included, which can be hard hitting for you, if you have a strong bound to your favorite character.I'm sorry, Squigly :cI will not tell how their story goes onward from that point, you will either have to watch a walkthrough on youtube or play the game by yourself.GameplayNow, the gameplay is depending of what you play with. For me; I currently play with the keyboard and I improved with time. It however is definitely best played with the Fighting/Arcade Stick, so if you have one, you probably have it easy.MultiplayerThis is where you have to admit; Multiplayer in this game sucksONLYif you play with people, that you don't know. Joining a random lobby in Skullgirls will be the bane of your life, eventually making you stop playing the game even. Believe me, when I say this; You will not like the random lobbies in Skullgirls. You will get literally ♥♥♥♥ed over and over, if you started playing the game. It is recommended to get a few friends to play this game and you probably get better in it.I still stuck at it tho.My Judgement of ""Skullgirls""This game is considered in my eyes a great game, that I refuse to actually let go from. I am a Skullgirls-Addict with 150 Hours, but the hours will rise higher and higher the more often I boot it up. It is funny, you get in the mood to play it more and more, you want to learn to become better in it until you want to become the best in Skullgirls.Skullgirls gets a 8 out of 10TL;DR: Good Game, stay away from multiplayer, if you have no friends.Thanks to To LabZeroGames for Skullgirls and MikeZ for keeping the community uplightenedand for that awesome Soviet Announcer <3"
76561198055935037,Recommended,245170,16347091,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Spicy Milkshake,">Goes to online versus mode>Sets server options to beginner/same skill level>Finds lobby labeled ""Just Practicing"">Enters lobby and began the fight>Owner of lobby beats me flawlessly with crazy sick combos and without me landing a single attack on him/her>Exit battle>Disconnected from lobby>Quit SkullGirls>Cried... alot :'^(10/10 would ""practice"" again!"
,Recommended,245170,18902154,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Koop,I really suck at this game but it's still good
,Recommended,245170,13448641,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Gu,"A fighting game with simple straightforward mechanics and have very good 2d sprites. If you get bored of those games rusting in your library, well, take a break and replenish your fun meter by having a whole lotta time beating cute girls with huge racks in skimpy outfits!Warning : Online lobby is filled with people better than you."
,Recommended,245170,32700186,Posted: 23 June,all,___lukas,i really wish i was good at fighting games because i really like everything that's going on here
,Recommended,245170,13529037,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ＧＵＣＣＩＧＡＮＧ,More than one waifu will ruin your laifu.
,Recommended,245170,32168282,Posted: 3 June,all,Aldwerick,"Set in the Canopy Kingdom, Skullgirls tells the tale of eight female warriors as they fight to reclaim a wish-granting artifact known as the ""Skull Heart"" from the monstrous Skullgirl. As legend has it, every seven years this enigmatic Skull Heart grants a wish to a young woman... but this power can come at a terrible price. If her heart is impure, her wish will be twisted and she herself will be transformed into a Skullgirl.Developed by newcomer Reverge Labs, Skullgirls is a fast-paced 2D fighting game. Starring a cast of feisty female warriors, Skullgirls is a multi-layered fighter featuring all-new game systems for veteran fighting game fans while also making the intimidating genre enjoyable and accessible to the casual gamer.Building on its established game systems tried and tested by veteran and casual fighting game fans alike, Skullgirls 2nd Encore includes new systems, new stages and music, balance adjustments, gameplay tweaks and more. For the first time, the game's story mode is fully voiced in Skullgirls 2nd Encore, with performances by some of anime’s best and brightest stars. Skullgirls 2nd Encore’s new Survival Mode pits players against an endless procession of foes – how long can you last? And for all the trophy hunters out there, Skullgirls 2nd Encore will have a full Platinum trophy set."
,Recommended,245170,32528166,Posted: 17 June,all,reied,it's like picking your waifu as your main but this time it was because you had no choice
,Recommended,245170,8111300,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,☢Critnuke☢,You mash buttons and people die.
,Recommended,245170,28577555,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nintato,"Bought for the boobs, stayed for the gameplay."
76561198219674341,Recommended,245170,32869402,Posted: 27 June,all,Satoru_Fujinuma,1) Boobs2) Blood3) Good Story4) Challenging Combos5) Amazing Art= Skullgirls
,Recommended,245170,12718628,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Diamond Dust Sub Zero,"This game is extremely fun to play. It has a wonderful soundtrack, the animation is amazing, and it has a very helpful tutorial system. It's a great game for the more hardcore player, and even for casuals is a very fun experience. The biggest faults I have with it are the unreasonable boss, and the slightly weak story."
76561198025271818,Recommended,245170,15892882,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Highlake,This game has stolen 4 years of my life on both Xbox and PC.I do not regret it for a single second.
,Recommended,245170,7895244,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,.cookie,I have a t-shirt with Cerebella on it and it is a comfortable t-shirt.
,Recommended,245170,12702214,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,oddblud,"Genuine fun, hands down. This is coming from someone who openly competes in fighting games. Seriously, if you like fighting games or have even a particle of passing intrest in them, get it. I cannot praise this game enough for its unique quirks and amazing stage backgrounds. Everyone will find a character that they like, I can almost bet on it.Seriously, stop reading this and hit that ""Add to Cart"" button."
,Recommended,245170,13679179,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Xograph,"Bought the game for the waifu battles.Throughly hand-picked through waifus and failed every single one of them.Picked a man who is a saxophone and he's the only one I can play.I am cursed to be pantsu-less.0/10 too much water ~Ign(SERIOUS REVIEW)This is a really fun game, and an extensive tutorial will welcome beginners smoothly even though I can't ♥♥♥♥ing beat it GODAMNIT I CAN'T ♥♥♥♥ING DO THE FILIA AIR COMBO WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥This being my first fighting game, I would highly reccomend it for purchase for the fanservice. Also there might be a game somewhere, whatever buy it anyways.(Ok seriously serious review)Skullgirls is fun. Characters are all generally easy to learn, hard to master. Control are really well optimized for any kind of controller such as keyboards, SNES controllers, Sega Genesis controllers, Power Glove, and even a NERF gun! Tutorials are verywell fleshed out, but it's easy to say some are pretty darn hard, (Looking at air combos) but once you try one of every lesson (even if you fail miserably) you'll learn something, and that's ok.The most negativity comes with the multiplayer in Skullgirls. Casul players CAN have fun, but quick matches quikly lead to 100 hit combo's with resets, or someone who has no idea how to play, just like you (or if you're a pro, cannon fodder). Most bad reviews come from salty players who didn't get 999 hit combos the first time they played. Multiplayer can be fun with friends, and lobbies are sometimes fun if trolls don't join casual lobbies and eat you.Story, art style, and technical stuff in this game is very very well done. Controls are tight and responsive, and the community probably won't skin you alive when you eat questions (but seriously people are really cool here, I swear!). Overall, if you're a filthy casual like me, join me in the glorious ocean of salt and Fukua. If you're a prostop playing ♥♥♥♥ing Fukua or I will find where you livebuy this game as well, I can assure you it's fun and easy to get intoPLEASE DON'T BUY THIS GAME FUKUA HAS ALREADY TAKEN MY CHILDRENand I would reccomend it for all people who are fans of fighting games and/or fanservice.Also Fukua likes to eat your salty tears in online if you didn't know.9/10 -IGN         (Minus one for salt)"
,Recommended,245170,13748077,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cisco,"This is a fantastic game, easy to pick up, hard to put down:Solid fighting game mechanics.Gorgeous female characters/models.Nice learning curve.Great story mode, well written.Lots of extra pics <3Do yourself a favor and pick up this next sale."
,Recommended,245170,9661958,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Widmo,boobs are alright i guess
,Recommended,245170,29978160,Posted: 16 February,all,Insomniac_Ren,I told my friend about this game and we both agree that we LOVE it!Just kidding I don't have friends.I told my cat about the game.He meowed at mePls help
,Recommended,245170,26310880,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TonicWater,Beat the game's story mode and felt like i was hot♥♥♥♥♥♥Try to play online under the casual tag.Wow i didn't know it was humanly possible to get ♥♥♥♥ed so fast and in so many positions.I don't think i've mooved once since he landed the first hit.9/10 boob physics are on point.
,Recommended,245170,29639921,Posted: 1 February,all,Ian,Big Band is best girl.
,Recommended,245170,13611873,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mario6493,"Great artstyle, great looks, great characters, great gameplay, great boobs, great booty, great fun, great everything"
,Recommended,245170,15485993,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Van,Sometimes I wish I could beSomethingYes or NoA WrestlernoA Dead ZombienoA Gurlsometimes :(More calm while being brutally slaughtered by better players?Yes.A Better Skullgirls PlayerYes.Like Mahvel? Here's a game that ISN'T broken.Thanks to the devs for creating such an amazing game.
76561198018411199,Recommended,245170,8942071,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Aki,this sure is a game
,Recommended,245170,12181116,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ooal Gown,Booty had me playing with my joystick if you kno wat im sayn
76561198179861203,Recommended,245170,32710390,Posted: 23 June,all,Philbert,"Very fun fighting game!  I was never a big fan of fighting games, but this one relly stuck out to me, and i don't mean because it's full of women.  It's very fun, colorful, it has an actual reason for the fights, the community is pretty nice, the charecters are well developed, there are tons of amazing references, and it's countless hours of playtime that seems to never get dull!  I may be overpraisng this game, but I really like it.  AND IT'S NOT JUST BECAUSE THERE ARE PRETTY GIRLS!!!For the most part... ;)"
,Recommended,245170,31495065,Posted: 1 May,all,Glazelf,Bounce physics are on point.
76561197985072747,Recommended,245170,12316246,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - Western Anime 2D Fighting gameI played this on the Xbox 360 and I thought it seemed okay but there was limited characters and a bit too hard and un-rewarding. I have since got it on a Steam Sale and have changed my opinions.Although I have only played two of the story modes I am very impressed. I put it on sleepwalk difficulty to help with my lack of skill, yes I still lost a few fights near the end! The artwork is nice and each character has a unique story.  Two new characters have been added since I got the game and it seems that more will be coming, as there is an active community. There are also achievements to play for and you can compete in a two on two mode. A nice looking unique fighting game, well worth the dosh!"
,Recommended,245170,15054467,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,CrimZone,"I have no words to describe this wonderful game ...Well ...Skullgirs is an unique experience of a cartoonish 2D / 2.5D fighting game, all in this game is perfect, all the characters are too adorable, all of them have their own fighting styles, the scenarios are wonderful, the art style is awesome, including the soundtrack, the story mode is too atmospheric and amazing.I seriously love this game, one of my favorites.10 / 10"
,Recommended,245170,10662220,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Serin [fite me Helen],"This is one of the best fighters on Steam, with a great tutorial, some deep team mechanics, and great artwork and soundtrack that keeps you coming back. Get hype for SKULLGIRLS!"
,Recommended,245170,8104531,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,squiddingme,i dont know how to play fighting games but this game sure makes my wiener ROCK HARD
,Recommended,245170,34954972,Posted: 14 September,all,ｘｍｏｓｐｈｅｒｅ,"With Dragonball FighterZ on the way and Marvel vs Capcom Infinite coming out in a few days. I wanted to take the time to reflect on one of the better 3v3 fighters out there. Skullgirls offers both a suprising depth and accessibility to people who have never played either a fighting game or a 3v3 fighting game. For me, this was the first fighting game I got into after seeing a video on it. I was impressed by how well animated the sprites were. The first thing I tell people who want to learn fighting games is to buy this and play the tutorial. Unlike other fighting games with as the street fighter series, Skullgirls tutorial offers a look into important concepts. For example there is a part of the tutorial for both how to do mix ups, practice blocking mix ups, and where mix ups are not safe on block and can be punished. The gameplay on the other hand is different. While not revolutionary like the tutorial system, it offers a robust mechanically deep gameplay. The netcode is also phenomenal allowing to set the amount of buffer frames. The 2 downsides to online play is that in my experience it takes forever to get a match and if you are a beginner you are going to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by people who know every reset within a combo and how to extend a combo to avoid the anti infinite system for as long as possible.EDIT: Apparently the netcode is rollback not frame delay. It uses GGPO netcode so its not the same as SFV's rollback netcode."
,Recommended,245170,10155312,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,agares,"Finally another fighting game for the pc that is very well done, let's go by parts. Graphics, the game looks beautiful, all characters well done with details on every corner, the sprites are great, and the sprite of a fallen character can even be different depending on what kind of attack the character received before going down, the backgrounds are also well done, with lots of details everywhere, and the artwork is completely hand-drawn, and it's really not bad. Sound, the voice acting is very well selected for each character, there was one which I personally found kinda off before, Painwheel's, but now I see why it was chosen, the music very well done, each one sounding unique. Gameplay, the game runs 60 frames per second, completely smooth, all characters have different playstyles and feel pretty unique (Fukua is a clone character, she was made as an Aprill fools joke, as a parody of Decapre from Ultra Super Street Fighter IV, she was avaible only at the endless beta, but now she's a hidden character by she side of Big Band in the final game.). The game has almost no delay when the player presses a button, and it even has an anti infinite combo system. The game has local and online multiplayer, and the online multiplayer is very good, with a great connection, the player can create lobbies, with the maximum of 6 players, but the game itself might not be the easiest game for a begginer at fighting games, but the game has a very good tutorial mode, with even tutorials for learning how to use the characters, and the final boss is.... Very cheap to say the least, but certainly a challenge, and this game also has a gigantic number of references on it. At the moment all the DLC characters are not out yet, which when they are, they stay free for a limited number of time, so the player can decide if it's worth to buy the DLC or not, so when a new character is out, I'll test them, and if necessary, mention any change of anything at all, I will edit this review. I give this game a 9.5/10.0 a must-buy for fighting game fans."
,Recommended,245170,27005503,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paleta de fresa,"MARVELOUSThis game has many things that fightning game players can appreciate.It has old-school combos, amazing soundtrack, lovable characters and can be played at high levels.Hail Skullgirls!"
,Recommended,245170,20387916,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Flagged For Saxual Content,"Things this game has:- Salt- Wombo Combos- Waifus- More Salt- Stunning Visuals- Memewheel- Assy McSquigly- Cat Puns- Even more Wombo Combos- Even more salt- Disney's Non-family friendly characters- Trumpet Simulator- Deep lore- Did I mention salt?1000 Actions Per Minute/10Edit: Steam Nomination badge ayyyyBut still good game and Retail is getting an official ""Balance"" patch real soon. Thanks MikeFreeZ"
,Recommended,245170,16007534,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Scout,"Skullgirls is a 2D Fighter. The game centers around the ""Dark Daco"" world, but more specifically, the Canopy Kingdom. There is a mysterious item called the ""Skull Heart"" that can grant any woman's wish. But, if the wish is at all impure and not for good intention, she transforms into the Skullgirl, an evil being that wants nothing more than to bring hell to the world. There are a total of 14 characters that each have their own unique story relating to them and their reasons for pursuing the Skull Heart.This game is amazingly spectacular both artistic and gameplay wise. For the art side, the game has a very immersive story with well-written dialog, making all characters extremely memorable and likable. Each of their unique stories puts their lives and purpose for chasing the Skull Heart in perspective, and gives an opportunity to explore different areas of the Canopy Kingdom; to the night-light city of New Meridian to the mysterious and desolate Final Atrium. There's bound to be a character you'll really like, the cast is very diverse, and their personalities truly shine through every little move they do, especially in gameplay. No stone is left unturned. Even if you don't like fighting games, I think you'd appreciate what this game has to offer with it's world.The theme and soundtrack of the game, while having nothing to do with the world itself, it very pleasing to me. The theme is something like an old classical film theme, with terms like ""Ensemble"", ""Drama"", and ""Outtake"" being replaced as fighting game terms, and having film reels be a core part of the main menu and round introductions with a very monotone, original color scheme. The soundtrack is pretty old fashioned too with a spice of new variety, fitting with the theme of sounding classical and very jazzy at times. It truly is unique music if I ever heard it, and it's something you should give a listen too.Now as for gameplay itself, it's an incredibly solid fighting game. I'm no expert, but I can tell you it's amazing fast paced, non-stop action from start to finish. You got your basic Super Moves, block, many types of attacks, character specific specials, and more. The flow is very natural and fast paced, letting you create your  own combos and seeing what you can come up with. There is no combo list, so you just try to make your own and see what works. There's no exploitable ""Infinite Combos"" either as the game is under protection of the IPS (Infinite Protection System) which lets the victim get out of a sticky situation if the game notices combos being repeated. The game is also playable online obviously, and you can duke it out with anybody around the world, even if you're playing with someone from another country, the game still runs very smooth with little to no input lag.A player can have up to 3 fighters on their team, and the character selection is actually pretty free reign. For example, one player can have 2 fighters on his team, but the other fighter can have just 1 on his team. But it's balanced out because the 2-fighter player has less health and does weaker attacks, while the 1-fighter player has the exact opposite. It's not 100% balanced of course since any player with 2 or 3 fighters have use of team assists and attacks, but the game tries it's best with itAnother thing I really love is that this game is for both new and veteran players to fighting games. The game's tutorial system is very in depth, and explains every little bit of how fighting games work, and even showing advanced techniques, with a easygoing learning curve, training you to become an expert. Experts are also greeted with many advanced moves like Combo Resets and quick mix-up moves, plus other things. The training room has many, many options that the biggest of fighting geeks would love. It gives lots of room for practice if you're having trouble with anythingThere's only a few issues with the game. As with all fighting games, if you're no veteran, you're likely to lose horribly online. It's no doubt that this genre of video games probably has the biggest skill difference, so you need to be dedicated if you want to have fun playing online, unless you got friends of your same skill level. Another problem is that the game just lacks content in general. It has the bare basics of what fighting games have to offer. No extra modes, no mini-games, no nothing. Just single player Arcade/Story, Online Mode, and an Art Gallery. It's a shame too because other popular titles like Super Smash Bros or Mortal Kombat really excel with their additional modes aside from just the vanilla fighting. Even toying with the vanilla game itself isn't possible. If you've seen Injustice: Gods Among Us or Mortal Kombat X, you'll see there's a lot of different arcade options, with certain handicaps and what-not. And finally, the roster is just pretty small in general compared to most fighting games. Originally, the game only had 8 fighters. It's now grown to 14 thanks to funding from Kickstarter, but it's still relatively small with not too many options.Overall, Skullgirls is a very, very well polished and incredibly well-done game with lots of attention to detail of the world it sets itself in, and makes perfectly natural, free flowing combat with little to no errors up it's sleeve. What it does, it does well, it just has minor issues and lacks content here and there.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,13749281,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Chris Babaganoosh,I punched out a ♥♥♥♥load of waifus as Smooth Jazz Robocop.You will be proscecuted to the full extent of the jam.
,Recommended,245170,24506993,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kalob Lewdbooty,"Pros1.Main roster is solid2.Awesome music3.COMBOS4.EZ COMBOZ5.pretty gud dlc,but just save up for the 2nd encore upgrade its worth it)6.Amazing art by the creators and guest artist7.fighting mechanics similar to marvel vs capcom gamesCons1.pretty challenging final boss2.prepare your self for tough (VERRY HARD) online matchesOverall Skullgirls is an amazinfg 2d fighter that should be given a whirl for those interested"
,Recommended,245170,10965199,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Electrodynamic,skull grills is mt favorite coooking game
,Recommended,245170,27546336,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ͥḈṝᾇẑỷ Cinny™,Boobs
,Recommended,245170,34342417,Posted: 18 August,all,Reeses Puffs,"This is probably the only fighting game I enjoy playing online because the combo system is easy to understand, there's a character for any playstyle and the tutorials are the best I've ever seen in a fighting game. It's like if Marvel had less verticality and more horizontality. Also has cute girls in it so free points."
76561198125588154,Recommended,245170,14034956,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,"Shaco, the Fateless Claptrap","I bought this when it was on sale, and so did my two friends. Within the first hour i maged to beat both of them 30-0. I no longer have any friends.10/10 would lose friends again"
,Recommended,245170,12784582,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Max Damage,"A very well made fighting game, featuring small, but quite variable amount of characters who really feel unique and have their own preferences as to how they play. In addition to that, it has great tutorial which explains you the basics and hints as to how combo your moves/defend/pushblock etc.You also have choice of either playing solo character or creating a team up to 3 fighters (which may have less health but can chain their strikes and cover each other).Nice artstyle and music.Best if you have people at hand who you know will not abandon it in case they find it hard. While the game itself is pretty fun, actually finding a match is very problematic if you're not playing Quick Match, sometimes you have wait very long for anybody to join your Beginner lobby. QM itself is pretty bad if you're new to the game, because of skill difference between newcomers and veterans."
,Recommended,245170,33675371,Posted: 20 July,all,Talz,10 cute girls1 giant saxophone Robocop1 wrestling furry guy1 unholy Lovecratian Eldritch abomination1 2006 ♥♥♥♥♥ meme spouting robot cat ladyThis is the best fighter I've ever played.
,Recommended,245170,13515698,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,"Frank ""Grimey"" Grimes",Ultimate Waifu Combat Simulator NA
,Recommended,245170,28801154,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,senndbx,"Definitely the most popular indie 2D fighting game out there. The game rivals many AAA fighting games in terms of quality and polish. Deserves all the praise.ProsOverall pretty graphicsUniquely suggestive and sexy character design (based Alex Ahad)Great, if not top-tier, assorted jazz musicSound effects fits the game's theme like a gloveOne-of-a-kind interface design on top of being not confusingCapable voice acting and quality announcerPrecise controls that also included with non-punishing inputs, delivers better understanding and combat flowWell executed many-vs-many combat, doesn't feel awkward at allEasy to learn combos and you can actually learn some from 2nd encore's DLCQuirky and unique character mechanicsAnti-infinite actually works as a crutchLess lag in online plays, even when matched against people all around the world: We all know that eliminating lag at all is nigh impossible at the moment, GGPO's features minimize lags quite a bitReferences and references and referencesConsStory mode even with voice acting mode feels unfinished (my story playthroughs suffered some unsynchronized and skipped cutscenes, for example)Subtle balancing issues"
,Recommended,245170,18005705,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,XX /// ☯ //,came here for the skullheart... got the pain and humiliation i wished for
,Recommended,245170,23485522,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Randomperson,"This is the game that got me into fighting games. It has an amazing tutorial explaining the mechanics of the game and fighting games in general, there is a very well made Infinite prevention system combined with a system to prevent Touch of Death combos. The inputs are very forgiving, to the point where I can do the 360 motion on a keyboard. Plus, all the characters feel unique, including Fukua (A joke character made as a half April Fool's joke half shot at Capcom's Decapre reveal who the players liked so much she was made a permanent addition to the cast). Going beyond the mechanics, the game is amazing to look at, with every frame of animation in the game being hand-drawn, and there are a TON of frames in this game. The only downside is the online, but not because of the netcode (The netcode is pretty damn good, you only really have problems if your ping is 200+). I am going to be blunt, this is the kind of game you only play quick match on if you REALLY know what you are doing. Still, for $10(Originally $15) to start off and another $10 for all the DLC characters (Who were free for the first 3 months after their release, so Lab Zero was still taking a pretty big hit to their wallets after releasing them, all things considered), there are far worse titles on this platform you could buy and play with your friends."
,Recommended,245170,8128948,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Freelance Autist,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game. Fun combos, great music, and loveable characters.Best $15 I ever spent."
,Recommended,245170,18765447,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BOBBY B,my waifu can beat up your waifu
,Recommended,245170,16141877,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,"24"" personal spooky pizza 🎃",feminists got butthurt about this gameif that's not a green light i don't know what is
,Recommended,245170,8323310,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lo-fi Longcat,don't play online
,Recommended,245170,11336093,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,#NoTatsukiNoTanoshi,my waifu is better than yours10/10
,Recommended,245170,13009504,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,IL MORIRE ITSELF,Filia best Skullgirl
,Recommended,245170,8847871,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SKiTTLE,Kick! Punch! It's all in the mind!
,Recommended,245170,29764444,Posted: 7 February,all,Vicious,"Never had this much fun playing with friends in a while. Easy for newcomers to pick up, and amazing for veterans who want a fast paced, and charming game to pick up. 10/10"
76561198040342845,Recommended,245170,7964660,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,old anya,its ok
,Recommended,245170,13754047,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dimo Slouvaki,Spent an entire round making bad puns and abusing Big Band's air horn.10/10
,Recommended,245170,28187588,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,IvanLeTerrible,"Skullgirls is a cartoonish 2d fighting gameArtstyleThe art in this game is simply amazing! Its a mix between old comics and morbid stuff, something from Mickey Mouse, Betty Boop and so on, all put up for fighting.GameplayThe game itself plays very much like Marvel Versus Capcom: you pick up a team of up to 3 chars and beat down the opponent. You can do simple combos like weak> medium > strong > special move, just like in MvsC. Its a very combo heavy game and there is little space for zoning, unlike games such as street fighter.I Give this game a 3.9/ 5.0 For its originality."
,Recommended,245170,11350863,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Nel,I will fap to this later.
,Recommended,245170,23813778,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Elepole,"This game is one of the best if not the best fighting game since a few years.Its fighting system succeed at being both simple, accessible, and quite deep for the seasoned fighter. Both your spammy little sister and your kof fanatic friend will find what they need to have fun.Speaking of new player, this game also feature an extensive tutorial and training mode, it will teach anyone how to go from just spamming punch to actually combo in a smart way.The art style is definitly a strong point of this game, it is beautiful, the animation are both detailled and fluid, the stage are full of life, every character and even background filler npc have is own personality. trully a work of art.This game is not without default, the story mode is quite monotonous, and finish with one of those unfair and unfun boss. (Honestly, Jinpachi was more fun than Marie). The scenario itself coud definitly be a good story, specially since it know when to joke, and when to be dramatic. But, for most character it is quite empty."
,Recommended,245170,10741196,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,avsq,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ Ms.Fortune for being cute as ♥♥♥♥.10/10 I only bought it for the booty.
76561198018825487,Recommended,245170,30629342,Posted: 19 March,all,CRIMSØN,"The perfect blend of Street Fighter mechanics and a Marvel vs Capcom speed. Definitly worth the buy if you are a fan of fighting games. Although I am still new at the game, there is a lot to learn with combos and moves. Each character is perfectly fleshed out to the core. There is no two characters that are exactly the same. With beautiful sprite work, excellent music and a flawless blend of combat, it is a supurb title for the fighting game enthusiasts.I highly recommend this to a very specific audience.People who enjoy indie games, action, fighting, competetive fighting, fast-pased, and budget games.This game is certainly not for everyone. People who normally play slower-pased games will not get a thrill out of it. However, if you are the gamer who likes to show off your style in a fighting game, this is the one for you."
,Recommended,245170,32195951,Posted: 5 June,all,JesselfLal,"Ok, so my review on Skullgirls.I have been wanting this game for a few weeks now and today I was finally able to purchase it, upon pruchase I loaded the game up suprisingly finding it runs supurbly on my OSX Yosemite. This would mean it runs alright lower versions of Windows aswell, thats good.When I whent into the first fight I did find out the controls were messed up on keboard, I am aware this is a controller game but should still be accessible to keyboard users, I fixed this by going to controls and clicking 'restore to defaults', then the normal arrow key, ASD and ZXC controls were accessivle and I could play fine.The story for each singular character is quick and not too challenging, really how they say in the description that its a good start for people new in the genre. Really easy to get used to and I was mainly attracted to this game via its art style, since I watch alot of anime and draw it a bunch this game was a major want. This has to be the first game in this genre I have actually played and really enjoyed and am excited to finish the story on each character.I would reccomend this, I was a bit sceptical about buying the game at first because I wanted a game with a nice story, and this game has unique art, cutscenes and is just really enjoyable.9/10"
,Recommended,245170,14493291,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Falbere,You fight people
,Recommended,245170,16555368,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,rattle me rox,Squigly is best Waifu
76561198094956648,Recommended,245170,34868697,Posted: 10 September,all,Khong Hee,Best fighting game ive ever playedEasy for scrubs to get intop.s needs more nyan~~p.p.s Eliza DIO skinp.p.p.s SKULLGIRLS 2 PLEASE
,Recommended,245170,9301094,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sex Microwave,YOU PLAY AS GIRLDIFFERENT GIRLSWITH BOUNCING BOOBIESYOU FIGHT OTHER BIG BOUNCY BOOBY GIRLSWATCH THE BOOBIES BOUNCE AND JIGGLECOMMENCE BEAT OFF SESSION AFTER 30 SECONDS
76561198030748605,Recommended,245170,10961419,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spire™,"Why haven't you bought this game already?This game is one of the easiest fighters to get into, with one of the best tutorials in any game in the genre.It's also got a great soundtrack, fantastic characters, and is really fun. Also it has ASSthetics.Even if you have never played fighting games before, this game is still worth a pickup. It's the first fighting game I've ever played and it helped me start enjoying the genre."
,Recommended,245170,34557348,Posted: 28 August,all,Pumpkin Spice Frosty,"I am a beginner in fighting games, at first the controls were a bit awkward, but the tutorials for this game is great, they teach you the meta game, such as poking, punishing etc. I recommend this for both beginners and veteran fighting game players."
,Not Recommended,245170,7669795,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Serphius,"I can't recommend this game except to people who have spent comprehensive time with fighting games. I wanted to like it, but ultimately regret the purchase.The art style and animation is a strong point, and the characters are enjoyable if you don't mind heavy fanservice. But, the actual gameplay is pretty terrible towards newer players. The tutorials establish fighting game rules pretty well, but they really don't help when playing against other actual people. The matchmaking prioritizes internet connection over skill/ranking, leading to a ton of matches where you will literally put down your controller while someone lands a 50-hit combo on you.This leads to a game that is extremely off-putting to casual players, as it doesnt allow you to gradually improve by playing others of your own skill level. Learning the basics through the fantastic tutorials will not help when getting regularly matched against veterans that only need to land one hit to win the match.Perhaps it's better if you stick with a small group of friends. But, with the emphasis on overly-long combos and inability to consistently play strangers of your own skill level, I would recommend SSFIV or KOF over this fighter for casual players. Only buy if it's on a really good sale or you are otherwise accustomed to combo-based fighting systems. It's really a game for veterans, which unfortunately I was not."
,Recommended,245170,22881580,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Montgomery Boo-urns,"Skullgirls is like that one girl you dated in high school.She will rip your heart out, crush it to smithereens and spit on your face to rub it in that she has defeated you.And you still love her anyway.The characters are all gorgeous. The stages are vibrant and beautiful. The music is jazzy and upbeat. The game feels like it was made with serious heart. A Skull Heart, perhaps.Buy this game.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,10018102,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,DOC HOE ❤,best dad simulator as of april 22
,Recommended,245170,25507425,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mass of BEES,"Each character plays differently, the game looks and sounds amazing, story is good (for a fighting game) and the gameplay is easy to learn and hard to master. All for $10. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,245170,30109402,Posted: 22 February,all,Mega Faggot,"I strongly dislike fast-paced fighting games required good twitch reflexes, so I'll be passing this one up. But it's an amazing game and I'm glad I was gifted this lovely gem. I definitely recommend this to people who love games with an emphasis on combos and style.Make sure to avoid playing this game if you dislike any of the aforementioned game mechanics though, otherwise you will feel like the most helpless person on the planet."
76561198162878604,Recommended,245170,29816009,Posted: 9 February,all,Lydrago,"Such a wonderful game, one of the best fighting games I've ever played, hands downThe art style is so animated and lively, and the voiced story mode is just icing on the cake!Truly a game I would highly recccomend. Although the game is great, I hope others have the pleasure of playing it with friends or other humans and NOT just CPU practice and training... However it's overall phenomenall!"
,Recommended,245170,33094959,Posted: 1 July,all,Jay,Very Fun gameKinda hard to get used to the controls tho
,Recommended,245170,12497628,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Blazebeak🔥,"Skullgirls is a great fighter game. Any small flaws in the game I feel I can forgive since (don't quote me on this) when it launched in beta on steam the company wanted it pulled off of steam and it turned into some kind of battle with suing involved, I didn't follow the story. All I know is that's why you also get a copy of ""Skullgirls-Endless Beta"" with your copy of the real Skullgirls. That being said this game has an amazing art style, amazing plot *wink wink nudge nudge*, And is a really solid well made fighter game.BUTbefore you buy it there are things you need to be aware of. First off, You cannot play this game with a keyboard. You can try but you wont get far. Even with a controller It is still somewhat hard because this game was made to be played with anArcade Controller(Ik there is a better term, I just have a bad memory.)Next you need to be aware is if you are going to buy this game you need to put time into it to learn everything. I personally didn't have the patience and fighters are not my favorite type of games. I still like 'em though.But overall this is a solid, well made game. The gameplay is almost perfect and the art style is very unique. I would give this game a 8.25/10 and recommend anyone who is a experienced in fighting games to buy this game. I would also yell at them about how they're into fighting games yet have never played Skullgirls."
,Recommended,245170,7836433,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Jozzeh,"I wonder what kind of drugs the creators were on when they came up with a fighter that'd include a gir assisted by her parasitic hair, outside-in I guess turned out..nun that can take on the look of anyone else, a depressive-to-look at 15 years old girl looking like a very tragic (and is) experiment. Even, ninja nurses.But my favorite's gotta be the catgirl who has an undying body. Not even chopping her head off..which she can use puppet-wise in-game to perform attacks on its own....Damn. What were the creators smoking."
,Recommended,245170,8725860,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Emperor,"Best fighter I've played in a long while. It's kinda like Marvel vs Capcom, but the mechanics are way more fine tuned and the character balance is much tighter. There's some confusing things about the art direction(the old school film motif), but it's beautiful nonetheless. Animations are A+, Gameplay is A+, Price is A+ -- and it's still being constantly refined unlike many other fighting games which are left to rot(COUGH COUGH CAPCOM **** YOU) after release."
76561198031108102,Recommended,245170,22169277,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,skellywright,The ultimate answer as to whether my waifu can beat up your waifu
,Recommended,245170,14156602,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,[C*G*C] Dumu,"It's a pretty good fighting game, except the physics are a little.....*shades slowly fall over face*....Jiggly.YYYYYYEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!Boob joke/10"
,Recommended,245170,18779473,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Sababu1,This game is incredibly amazing...+Amazing graphics+Runs well on low end systems at 1080p 60fps...even in 250+ping online+Easy to learn combos (At least compared to Street Fighter)+Diverse characters...even the clone characters+on sale regularlly+still has a community+Did I mention the incredible graphics?+and lots of 'plot' ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,245170,7485203,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,｢C❤A｣ Pocahawtness,"I spend much of my time complaining about the over-sexualisation of women in games, yet here I am playing Skullgirls. There are plenty of short skirts and wobbly boobs in this game, but the animation is just so wonderful that you just can’t help but love all the characters. It’s an extremely polished game, that really is great fun to play. The tutorials are really quite excellent. My only slight complaint is I thought that it could have done with a few more characters. Anyway, is it recommended? As long as you can live with the outrageous sexualisation, then yes, especially if you are new to this type of game, as I am."
,Recommended,245170,7736549,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Parapraxium,"A writhing mass of tentacles with a deep male voice attached to the head of an innocent schoolgirl.  Yep, this is a ""mutualistic symbiotic relationship"" alrightAlthough the roster is small, each one of the characters plays completely differently.  The beautiful graphics, animation and tight controls make this the best indie fighting game ever made.  BUY IT.But in my opinion you gotta have a controller to play. Playing Skullgirls with a keyboard is like trying to climb a rope made of soap (although some people manage to play really well with a keyboard)."
,Recommended,245170,14377165,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,∩( ・ω・)∩,good game with good art and good music and good boobs and good butts
,Recommended,245170,18291305,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Vi The Ghost,Peacock is adorable.
,Recommended,245170,12181275,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mr. Dance-Dance-Mans™,"Has an excellent skilled combat system (not just button mashing), a surprisingly satisfying story, great characters, and the perfect amount of boobufestu~ 11/10(Also, the shapeshifting eldritch abomination nun is best waifu, you salty nerds.)"
,Recommended,245170,13078618,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DJ WooDy,"This game is simply Awesome. Granted, its not all 3-D like the game of today, but I loved the different Storylines as well as the colorful characters this game includes. I totally recommend this game....."
,Recommended,245170,24585028,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Yoshi,ME IN THIS GAMEhttps://youtu.be/2zKKU4EP988(Srsly its me)
,Recommended,245170,14177095,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Real Chief of Police,"Skullgirls is like a brilliant party.But every party needs a pooper that's why they invited Marie.Party pooper,Party pooper."
,Recommended,245170,16176862,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Steve The Sergal,10/10 Like street fighter with Waifus
,Recommended,245170,10037139,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Mr. Gency,This game taught me skills that will carry over into many 2D fighters I'll play in the future. It's also fun. 12/10
,Recommended,245170,3885623,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Meteor Impact,this game has cute girls in it get itCRYKRIEGTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOTTAKETHESHOT
,Recommended,245170,23049978,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,spuuky muude,"Fantastic visuals, tight controls, incredible soundtrack. If you're into scantily-clad cartoon girls whaling on each other, this is the game for you! Skullgirls is a good beginner game if you're interested in other fighting games. Unfortunately, it suffers from unbalanced characters and a relatively small playerbase. In the event you do find someone online to fight, they're probably going to be frustratingly good, or have no clue what they're doing, effectively estranging intermediate-level players if they don't have their own friends to play with. It is a cool game but it did not survive in the long run."
,Recommended,245170,30488950,Posted: 13 March,all,䷃䷋䷃䷏䷀ ䷴䷼䷝,"I don't mean to boast, but one time while I was working as a Video Jockey at an after party for some kind of nerd convention I had the opportunity to compete in, and ultimately win a lengthy Street Fighter II Champion Edition knockout tournament, for which I was awarded a trophy. And I was playing from the second game into the tournament too.Anyway I'm mentioning this not because I am proud, although I am proud. But because surely this testifies as to how much experience I have with 1 on 1 beat-em-ups. I am also not very much fun to play against in Tekken 3 and 4 because I can be a bit of a ""smart♥♥♥♥♥♥juggler"" (steam will probably censor the middle word, but an actual player would probably add an additional word beginning with C to the end of that title!). Although I will admit to never being particularly good at any of the KoF series, I don't know why. Anyway...I think this proves that when I tell you that ""this is one of, if not possibly THE best versus beat-em-up I have ever played"" you can take that on some authority.And it's available for Linux/SteamOS! It's undoubtedly the best of its kind for this platform and if you are a Linux user you should definitely have this in your library. It even seemed to be playable on modest PC hardware and happily supports XInput, which many Linux games sadly aren't and don't.Although perhaps I did find the special moves slightly more difficult to pull off than other similar games. If I had an arcade stick I probably wouldn't have this problem at all.I must confess I have not yet had the time to give this game as much love as it deserves, but once I do rest assured my detailed evaluation will be favourable. Worthy of at least 9.2 out of 10. And for those of you who are unfamiliar with my rating system, a score of 9 is excellent and each decimal point beyond that is hard earned indeed.You want a soundbyte or tagline to sum up the game? How about ""This game just oozes class from every pore."""
,Recommended,245170,25968496,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ushio,"Button mashing simulator, nearly got my Xinput broke"
76561197993676604,Recommended,245170,34107049,Posted: 8 August,all,Remix,"when people ask me what i think the best fighter is, i point them to this game"
,Recommended,245170,9001947,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Igston,"the game is good, but my brother won't shut up about Big Band."
,Recommended,245170,9111463,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,jeff,you can kill people by poking them
76561198043297938,Recommended,245170,13840335,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stoned Mulder,i want to hold hands with every character. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,28872687,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,President Trump,"Honestly, the game's characters looked very weird to me at first. That took me aback for a long time, until I decided to give this game a shot. And well, what can I say, it's really good.The game looks great, the characters are very well animated and most importantly, playing it is really fun.You can choose characters and group them in teams of 2, 3 or go solo. The smaller the team, the stronger each individual character is in terms of stats. You can combine the teams and choose the assist attack for the other teammates to get some really flashy and neat combos.One thing this game does right is having a pretty extensive tutorial that teaches you about the game mechanics and the different characters, that will help beginners get a taste of what the game feels like, but without excluding more experienced fighter players, since the game is complex enough and characters are more or less balanced in that there are no incredibly bad characters that are impossible to do win with.Not to mention an extensive training mode that includes information about hitboxes and the like.If you are a fan of fighting games, this might provide you with hours of fun. Beware though, there are lots of very good players wandering in online matches, so you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked at the beginning."
,Recommended,245170,14991725,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Magical Purple Man,"A fantastic fighting game for those getting into fighting games, with enough depth and balance to be appropriate for high level play."
76561198060201455,Recommended,245170,35120564,Posted: 21 September,all,Crome,"Amazing fighting game, and for $10, its 100% worth a buy."
,Recommended,245170,30984590,Posted: 6 April,all,jujubemaster,"+This game has great netcode(GGPO) which pretty much separates it from a decent amount of other fighters that don't use rollback based netcode(or don't even have online period).+Great art and voice work+Good tutorial which teaches some advanced techniques and helps players that are starting out.+Entourage feature. Pretty much allows you to load a team so you don't have to waste time picking out one. You can save a team by pressing an assist macro or by holding up or down along with an assist macro.=Team based fighter. You can use just one really strong character instead of a team if you want, but this game was designed around team play. If you want a 1v1 game, then this game can somewhat answer thatThe highly detailed art and assist usage can be confusing, especially to newer players. This game is also combo and reset heavy, but the combos are not very hard compared to other fighting games, just somewhat long. You do not have to rely on 1-2 frame links to do your bnbs. For people that really like tight links, there are some difficult combo routes and complicated resets."
,Recommended,245170,13966194,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Ted,Boobs
,Recommended,245170,22183551,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[ANH] Keetaro,"This game is somehow cursed.It's good, it's mechanics are cool and fluid, bent for very long, non ripetitive combos.But this is where things get worse.The single player experience is hard at max difficulty, but in no time you can master the character good enough to finish the stories and some Player vs AI fights (you know, things you do just to chill)But then... you get into theonline fights. That's right, the ones you can't even move without being comboed to yours, your brother's, your parents's and your dog's death. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥But the boobs jiggling and valentine are worth all those deaths."
,Recommended,245170,3065411,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Squire Grooktook,"Skullgirls is, in my opinion, the best 2d fighting game of this generation. It is, for all intents and purposes, the true sequel to Marvel Vs Capcom 2. While it does have ideas and a style of it's own, it stays true to the fundamental ""logic"" and ideas on what makes a competitive fighting game fun and smart that fueled MVC2.The game allows you to select a team of 1 to 3 characters to fight 1 on 1 and switch out with the next character when defeated or low on health. Health and damage are balanced based on how many characters you have on your team, and much like Mvc2, you are also able to pick an ""assist"", that is you'll be able to call one of your other team mates from off screen to perform a move, after which they recharge this ability briefly. It's pretty much the same system as Mvc2, except you can choose to have 2 or 1 characters on your team. Also unlike Mvc2, you can choose your assist move from any of your characters abilities and moves.The cast might seem small compared to some fighters which are running 13 installments and have over 50 characters, but the design of each of these characters is where the game really shines. Each character is masterfully designed, smart, and creative to play. Each of them plays and feels completely different, but none of them are one dimensional, and can be played with a variety of play styles and gameplans. Combine this with the team ratio's and vast selection of assist types, and you have a game that gives you a wealth of options in creating your own fighting style.The brilliance of the move set design also makes moment to moment combat feel perfect. The pacing of the game is excellent, with quick moves and both players being presented with new risk/reward decisions every moment. Unlike some fighters (that shall remain nameless), the game never clogs down with block stun or makes you feel like your waiting for your next chance to move. With the low amount of block stun and the negative frames on most blocked attacks, the game is constantly thrusting the chance to act upon each player. The choices are not shallow either, as every single option in the game feels perfectly unsafe and counterable, making every decision count.If you have any interest in fighting games or competitive games whatsoever, please buy Skullgirls!"
,Recommended,245170,11501694,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,El Dickler,"The animation is good, the characters are diverse, and it even has the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that sits in the back spamming projectiles! This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great, and ♥♥♥♥ you Peacock, you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,245170,8471554,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Chromelette,"A new-age of fighting games for the rest of us. One part Marvel, one part Street Fighter, all awesome."
,Recommended,245170,14061268,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,EksPloShon,He has all the styleAnd all of the graceBig BandPunches women in the face!
,Recommended,245170,8616022,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Xlord Pagan Cyberberserker,"if you bought this game because it has cute girls and then stopped playing after an hour because its an actual fighting game, you're a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace kill yourself. 10/10 mikez simulation please ♥♥♥♥ my brain"
,Recommended,245170,8802941,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ECMJammer,HOT 2D FIGHTING
,Recommended,245170,22761832,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,0oga,"Great waifus, great art, great mechanics.If you like skulls and girls, look no further."
,Recommended,245170,16356136,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Zets,"A solid fighting game, you have your basic story which all ties in with each character, of course there's the multiplayer too.The multiplayer is where I think the game really shines, with a variety of characters (some are DLC but are on sale as of now so grab them while you can!), a range of moves and combos, mix-ups, resets, it is the fighting game inspired by other fighting games.Wanna duke it out with one Uber character with a heck of health and damage? Maybe use two really strong and durable ones, or use three normally spread characters and kick, some, Skullkeister.Very balanced, easy to pick up, and user-friendly!The tutorials do a great job of defining and demonstrating what exactly this game is about. You get two kinds of players on this game, some are very, VERY adept and talented, and some that are just learning and here for a good time (like myself).There's some real satisfaction in pulling out some combos, and especially duking it out with friends! If you don't have any, get some, if they don't have Skullgirls, make them get this game, you will not regret it.Hey, you don't have to take my word for it, I just really reccommend this game, normally it costs £11.99 (about $18.99) and now (at the time of original post it was) £2.99 (again, about $4.99), it's a deal to be a fool to miss, if you love fighting games!Additional note: Use a controller, a keyboard is not recommended, I REPEAT, a keyboard is not reccomended, thanks for reading! Also, pick up this game :D"
,Recommended,245170,22077066,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,sexy bigga,my name is jeff
,Recommended,245170,16250755,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Powerjosh,UGHHH BIG BAND
,Recommended,245170,16635711,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,April (birthday in 284 days btw),I'll make my own marvel versus capcom and they'll ALL be lesbians!On a more serious note. It's pretty much MvC on PC. I reccomend it.
76561198045020326,Recommended,245170,25132593,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Da Hardest Beats,I play it for the mechanics.No but for real the animation is beautiful on this game and it should be since all the frames are hand drawn(I think?)The fighting is solid and I wish I was better at this type of combo heavy game.ALSOI've bought this game on three different systems so I kinda love it
,Recommended,245170,16152843,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,△ GOATREK △,"Overwhelmingly Positive???ABSOLUTELY!!!!Rate 9,5/10!!!!This game is really Hard to master,but I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,245170,12338211,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Kasdiel,"Let me preface this by saying that Skullgirls isn't for everyone. If you don't like arcade fighting games, well, you probably won't like Skullgirls.That being said, if you do like the arcade fighting genre in the slightest this is a must-buy game.  Mechanically the game is among the best as far as fighters go but it's the memorable characters, beautiful artstyle and the imaginitive world on top of the extremely polished gameplay that take this game from being 'great' to being 'absolutely amazing.'Skullgirls is great for beginners looking to get into the genre as well, offering an extensive tutorial mode that covers the basics all the way up to mechanically-demanding mixups. (Combos that are unpredictable) Sure, tutorials are common in fighting games, however, the sheer depth of Skullgirls' tutorial is what makes it deserving of praise.Mechanically each of the characters are as diverse as their personalities. Through the tutorial you'll learn each character's role and weaknesses and as new characters are added they're given lessons in the tutorial as well, giving all the more reason to endlessly praise Skullgirls' tutorial.The roster, although seemingly tiny, is being rounded out by additionally characters being added in future patches. At the time of writing this, three of those characters have been released with the remaining two being actively developed which round out the diverse roster of characters beautifully.That being said, the game is constantly being updated and patched with no sign of the developer stopping any time soon.The game is fanservice-y, yes. Is it tasteful? Honestly, yes, it's appropriate in the context of the game and the characterswithin it. If you can't handle female characters in sexualized outfits/poses then I don't know how you've played any other fighting game to be honest. The problem isn't that the characters are designed this way, it's that you have overly selective eyes and an extremely closed mind.So here’s where we’re at when all is said and done: we have a fighting game set in a gloriously original world, racked out with unique characters whose hand drawn animations are stunningly detailed. The soundtrack of the game is – at least for jazz fans – beautiful enough to warrant an OST purchase all on its own. The graphical presentation is phenomenal, the story mode is entertaining, the characters are unique and engaging as a whole. For fans of this genre do yourself a favor and purchase this game. At the $14.99 price point it's a steal as it's worth double that at the very least."
76561198071225349,Recommended,245170,12756150,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Rocket,I can hit my friends with a car.
,Recommended,245170,14981900,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,spooky lima,I seriously love this game. The characters are adorable and the art style is very charming! Character movement is very smooth. I would definetley recommend this game!!
,Recommended,245170,24704485,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ZeVexKryor,"9/10This is one of the best fighter games ive played, I love it.The aren't many characters but 'Quality > Quantity.Good art and soundtrack/music especially the character selction soundtrack, love hearing it when choosing my character.Overall it's a somwhat simple yet fun and good game!I highly recommend this.btw...You need to learn how to combo in this game or you going to get steamrolled on online matches..."
,Recommended,245170,35011449,Posted: 16 September,all,Milky,"Amazing game. The animations are amazing, and I have literally played it for four hours with my bf. 100% worth the money."
,Recommended,245170,29486065,Posted: 25 January,all,Sneakyfletcher,"This is the game that taught me how to play fighting games.Note that I've played 16Hrs and the most important minutes of those 16 Hours were the tutorials that show you in a simple and approachable way what this game is all about.The tutorials are NOT condescending and they explain bit by bit what you should be looking out for and trying to do during a match, which up until my 20+ years of playing the many iterations of SF would boil down to: Buttonmashing OR imitating my opponents moves (which was fun in and of itself but not quite the point of the game)Playing it briefly but constantly defined a BEFORE and AFTER for me.Now I finally GET fighting games and even if it does mean that I still get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me from time to time and feel a bit frustrated, it is much better now that I KNOW what mistakes I made than back then when I was like ""This game is a load of crp""Bottom line: If you've been struggling with fighting games all your life, give this game a go and it just might show you a whole 'nother side of figthing games."
,Recommended,245170,30797947,Posted: 28 March,all,ラビット,"I'll be honest. I got the demo for the game on PS3 because I saw ""plot"".I played it and fell in love with it.Fast Forward 5 years and I bought the game with the 2nd Encore upgrade and my reasoning stays.The gameplay is still amazing and so is the plot."
,Recommended,245170,17405559,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EARTH GIRLS ARE EASY,"Do it. Spend money on this god damn game. Spend hours playing the Story mode, crying in the fetal postition, and playing it once again.Do it, I ♥♥♥♥ing dare you.In all seriousness, this game is fantastic and will provide you with hours of joy. Solid 10/10."
,Recommended,245170,10671922,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,b3nderz,The best indie fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,4306257,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,DudeDesigns,"*Original Review: Launch 2013Sub-Par street fighter clone with some good art.Community is absolutey♥♥♥♥♥ Good luck trying to find a semi-friendly person online or on the forums, because it'll take you days.Loved the game 2 years when it came out but agonizingly long updates made me lose interest. Ultimately it just makes you want to play an AAA fighting game, probably Street Fighter.The story modes don't have voice acting, there is no coherent story line anyway, it controls well I must say, but other than that there's not much to keep you tied to this game. If anything, SkullGirls was nothing but a platform for half decent porn amongst the internet and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rpg game being made by the communityIf mike z had made this an interactive dating simulator, he would have had enough money at the end of the first month of this game's life to make more than 6 dlc characters in its first ♥♥♥♥ing year than take 2+years for them.*Update 28/07/2016Skullgirls was released in 2012 for Xbox Live and Playstation Network for both Xbox360 and PS3. When the game launched, I supported this game with all my breath. Its a fast, fluid, and easy to pick up fighting game with gorgeous art and a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack by Michiru Yamane. However, as the years went on, the community for this game made me put it down, time after time again. The game was Re-released on PS3 and Xbox Live as Skullgirls: Encore, and then RE-Re-released on PS4 as Skullgirls: 2nd Encore, which basically just added a voiced story mode, an art gallery, and a challenge mode, which have all found their way into the PC release by now.What made this game's community more toxic than some of the other fighting game communites (I'm looking at you SF IV, DoA V, and MK9), was the endless amount of drama on the SkullHeart forums, on the Steam Discussions, and on Steam Groups. Fighting games as a WHOLE have always had some of the worst gaming communites I've ever seen because everyone becomes so hyper-competitive that no one had fun. It got to the point where simply asking for a match got people to send you death threats on the forums. I used to stream this game every weekend back in 2013 through 2014. I met some friendly randoms, but about 85% of my matches consisted of people complaining about my fight style, saying I used cheap character combinations, etc etc.Now every game community in the world has players like this, but with SkullGirls, for the first 3 years of it life, it was literally nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥posting, drama, and angry nig-nogs that couldn't stand losing in a video game. I've been called plenty of names on FPS games, I've had plenty of death threats from RTS', and of course, other fighting games, but SkullGirls took far too long to build a decent community that I just couldn't support it anymore. It doesn't help that Lead Desginer, Mike Z, is a savage GinoJew that banned people all the time from SkullHeart simply for having different opinionsSkullGirls is a completely enjoyable game, do not get me wrong, that's why I still recommend it. Over the years, the community has gotten far better than what it was 3 - 2 years ago, but it's still pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. If anything, you should buy this game to support the games main artist, Alex Ahad. He's a pretty good guy."
,Recommended,245170,11158318,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,gonnhead,great game if you love memes a lot
,Recommended,245170,13051541,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,MrSaturdayNight™,10/10 WOULD FAP AGAIN.
,Recommended,245170,29595070,Posted: 30 January,all,Kero Kero,"Came for the boobs, stayed for the gameplay.EDIT: I actually stayed for that Filia booty but the gameplay is still pretty alright"
76561197998610180,Recommended,245170,17267723,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,;:haLLeLujah:;,10/10Pros:-Booty;-Fun gamplay;-Gangsta Peacock;-Balanced gameplay;-More Booty-Cerabella giggles and booty;-Panties.Cons:-Wish Marie was playables;
,Recommended,245170,8560693,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Roses,"It's fast, it's fun. The animations all look wonderful. Purchase this video game."
76561198046639051,Recommended,245170,9920445,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Rain,"Probably one of the best fighting games I ever played along with Dragon Ball Z Budokai 3 and BlazBlue.It's a brilliant fast paced fighting game with a playstyle like Marvel VS Capcom where you can make your own different incredible teams to fight your friends, enemies, or frienenemies.Sure the character roaster isn't really large compare to most other fighting games nowadays but this gives the characters more clearer and interesting personalities that have their own playstyles (which can be very balanced for the most part)The only few problems I is that the game dosen't have as much content as alot of other fighting games and the game can be quite difficult at times but there are many ways you can get use to the game like training or play it on friendly difficulty for new players.Overall I think this is a really great game. If you are a fan of fighting games or someone who would like to try out fighting games in gerneral, I would highly recommend it and give it a try! :D"
,Recommended,245170,10104081,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Axixe,"Probably one of the best games out there nowdays! I myself love this game I have it since the beggining when it wasn't Skullgirls Encore and was only for PlayStation and XBox. I fell in love with this graphics and it's story, now I have the opportunity to play it on PC and I really like doing so. The game is fast paced, easy to combo, has a fluent gameplay and also has an anti-loops system. New players will find funny to mess arround with Fortune's Head (#Meow) or just hit multiple keys and make some awesome tricks they never seen before. Mastering this game is a challenge but pretty rewarding and fun! This game also includes an endless beta for players to test what's coming up to the game and it will always be free. I find this game a 5 out of 5 and a must-have for players who enjoy fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,9913061,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,The \W/itch,"This is one of those games where if you never had played Mahvel, this would be your filler on it, if thats how you put it.I've played Mahvel before, its a sick game. Now we're in 2014, we can barely find any 2D fighting games like this, now its cliche spiky haired anime fighters with overly designed hyper attacks (not the right term, i know but still). When i found this game, I was thinking, is this going to be another anime fighter game? that's when my jaw dropped during the trailer. Thats when i found  it, I found my legit fighter game! Skullgirls is worth the money, worth the time, and worth the price ""awesome and affordable"".I highly suggest people play this game, this is a legit fighter, even if it has a short cast."
,Recommended,245170,21117526,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Chish,"Skullgirls is currently the most fully-featured fighting game available on PC. It has an excellent tutorial and the gameplay is extremely tight. The cast is well-balanced and each character (as well as the game in its entirety) is interesting. The combos are a bit long, but relatively easy to perform. A skilled player will beat a novice one hundred times out of one hundred. The neutral game is very intense regardless of the matchup. This game is going to have people playing it for a looong time."
76561198081003665,Recommended,245170,28963046,Posted: 2 January,all,Froppy,"One of my first fighting games, and the one to get me into the genre"
,Recommended,245170,12134841,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,- colossi,Hot 2D fighting.10/10
,Recommended,245170,12816443,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,BufuTheFool,"Really smooth, looks amazing, I even saw Matt and Woolie from thesw1tcher!! I recommend using a fight stick maybe controller, the keyboard......HELL NO!!!!!"
,Recommended,245170,13824204,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Woz,Game Was Hard With a keyboard.... But that wasn't the only thing that was hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °)
,Recommended,245170,16354888,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,❥ emilu wa salty desu,"Animu, fighting, and panty shots. What more could you ask for? 11/10 - Froot"
,Recommended,245170,9675056,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,♠,"Skullgirls is an indie, 2d fighting game with the most lovely animations and characters ever, plus great gameplay. Some people came for nostalgia, some people came for the girls, but everyone stayed thanks to the amazing fighting gameplay it offers.- Characters and StoryBelieve it or not, this is a big part of the game actually - i have never played a fighting game with such likeable roster and interesting story. I expected the classic cutscenes where the character just ""wants to be the best fighter ever!"" and boy, i was wrong.  I started the game playing mostly with Valentine (the sexy nurse ninja) and Cerebella (Circus superstar with Vice-Versa, a hat with two superstrong arms) and their stories are already engaging (at least for a fighting game), but the most fun i've had was with Peacock. Her story mode was an emotional roller-coaster, oscillating between hilarious scenes that had me laughing out loud and moments that had me almost crying. While other fighting games have a bland roster with no personality (sometimes characters are just a recolor of others), in Skullgirls i can see that every character had a lot of love put on them during development. They're fleshed out, they're lovely, they're great.My only complaint: The roster could be bigger. But hey, it's an indie game, so i'll let that pass.- Gameplay (The Part that Really Matters)It's perfect. That's just how i can sum this up. Responsive, fast-paced, varied and very fun. If you like fighting games, this is right up your alley - it reminded me a lot of Guilty Gear and Marvel VS Capcom games, with aerial combos, several flashy ultra attacks for every character, insane combos and switching between characters of your team mid-fight. With a twist - you don't necessarily have to play a team, you can play with a single character or two high-powered characters instead of a crew of 3, if you want to sacrifice versatility in exchange for more power for your favorite character. Oh, and another fun addition - You know in Marvel vs Capcom when you were about to defeat one of the enemy's teammates and he switched? So, in Skullgirls you can punch out one of his characters and force another one to come back, at the cost of 1 level of your Blockbuster (special moves). Neat idea right? Another thing i loved is how several of the characters play in a really interesting way. I expected fighting game tropes (the ryu clone, the combo guy, etc) that every fighting game is plagued with, but every character in Skullgirls fights in their unique way. Some of them may remind you of someone else (Like Parasoul reminds me of Testament from GG), but they always have their own, original traits and twists.- Audio and VisualsFlawless! I love it! The soundtrack does not disappoint, fitting the stage and gameplay (i especially love theTraining Room tune), and the character's voices really impressed me. There is a very wide array of lines for every character, making sure they don't repeat the same sentence even when you repeat the same attack, and they call each other's names when switching teammates mid-fight, they have several unique lines to greet every specific character AND for their victory animations. Usually in fighting games the audio gets a bit repetitive after a while, but this is not the case. I actually still hear new lines whenever i play.And the visuals? Oh man. Maybe this games' biggest selling point? The hand-drawn, high-framerate animations are absolutely amazing. Reminds me of Darkstalkers actually - the likeable characters and excellent animations. Again, when i played with Valentine and Cerebella i was already impressed, but the highest point so far was Peacock ; she's downright hilarious when fighting, following that classic Disney animation style, very cartoony and fun. I think the visuals, together with the gameplay, are the best parts of this game - and they should be, that's exactly what matters in a fighting game.My only complaint: Every character has just one victory animation. (and one for time-out). Although they're not sooo repetitive since they have several lines to say, i wouldn't complain if we got more.- So, Should i Buy this Game? (TL;DR)Do you like fighting games? If you do, YES. Buy Skullgirls and you will not be disappointed.You don't like fighting games? Well, you're about to. Skullgirls will get you in the genre, guaranteed. I actually suck at fighting games (my specialty is shooters), and this game entertained me a lot. It's worth your money and more - I actually regret buying it on a sale, they deserved more money from me."
,Recommended,245170,29454875,Posted: 23 January,all,格鬥玩不好只能賣萌,"I LOVE SkullgirlsBut actually I think air block too strong really, If that can't block ground attack for opponent I will love SG more."
,Recommended,245170,20825223,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,BurningFir3,"Got kicked out of a lobby for being too good.Got kicked out of a lobby for being too bad.If you're a fan of fighting games, fanservice, or a bit of both, this game's definitely worth checking out. If not, check it out anyway. You may be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,245170,14394319,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Faronight,Big BanTuba/10
,Recommended,245170,7849441,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Kyobos,"One of the best 2D fighters I have played to date, all of the art is hand-drawn and gives a very unique and distinct feeling. The game plays sort of like Marvel vs Capcom 2 but is still very different. One thing that makes this game stand out from other fighting games is it's tutorial, most tutorials just have you placed against a dummy and displays some moves on screen however Skullgirls gives you a real introduction to the game. It teaches you basic fighting game mechanics which is beneficial for teaching beginners and can still be refreshing for experts. Despite all of this the game can be very challenging due to it's incredibly high skill cap. All in all this game is amazing and is worth every penny it's especially a steal when on sale. If you've ever wanted to begin to play fighting games or are looking for a new one Skullgirls is a must buy."
,Recommended,245170,16232390,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Yingwei,Great game! It's a lot of fun. Plays kind of similar to the Marvel vs Capcom games so if you like those you will like this.
,Recommended,245170,14526076,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Soft & Wet,Have you ever wanted to watch your waifu brawl it out instead of just masturbating furiously to her? NOW YOU CAN! Pretty good. 8/10 P.S. You need both hands to play this game.
,Recommended,245170,16017630,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,✿ ヤンデレ ✿,hot 2d fighting11/10
,Recommended,245170,15433355,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Shh'Paghetti,"Those Boobs...,I mean this game just blew my mind away."
,Recommended,245170,13600048,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Shirt,Fantastic Waifu fighter 10/10I play this game for the plot just like everyone elseSquigly is best
76561198077571163,Recommended,245170,7664066,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Layev,The mechanics and the gameplay are just as tight as their clothes.
76561198071307718,Recommended,245170,13692872,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,v☾ntage,Valentine12/10
,Recommended,245170,16935542,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,✨☤ Der Kaiser ☤✨,"*I have 60+ hours on the PS3 version, I don't play this version to much simply due to my familiarity with a PS3 controller.Good story.Amazing Characters, not a one is a copy or feels un-developed.Fun, imaginitive world.Beautiful art, majestic in its' own right.Amazing BGM.Very Descriptive and enlightening tutorial system.Smoother than silk mechanics, where every character plays differently.Righteous developers and voice cast.One of the best introductions to the fighting game genre ever.- Poor matchmaking (hard to catch at times)- Players online are usually not concerned with helping new players learn the ins and outs (go all out withjout giving them a chance.)All in all great game. Well worth it, even if you don't enjoy multiplayer as much or fighting games simply for story and characters. I will expand upon this review later, I just don't have the time right now! ;/"
,Recommended,245170,19738547,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,aeroshire,is good ok?
,Recommended,245170,10656562,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lpzie,jiggy puffs
76561198139196208,Recommended,245170,21849538,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Oscar,Valentine is my waifu.
,Recommended,245170,25490340,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,victorydealer,You get to fight hot girls with hot girls. Comes with free wrist pain with each copy and an annoying yet pleasurable last boss. What's more to ask?
,Recommended,245170,16858988,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Faded,good stuff....good stuff.
,Recommended,245170,14377374,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SPOOPY,"""Time to paint the town red""......AND TIME TO WRITE A REVIEW......Skullgirls is a funny exciting 2d fighter that is pretty dam funny cool awesome and is just a pleasure to play with a few DLCs that make the game a little bigger and more fun a vast selection of characters and of course some♥♥♥♥♥kicking moves that are really well thought out and fit well with each character. It may not be my all time best fighter but it sure is one of my top 5 fighters and reminds me so much of the 2d fighter called Mugen10/10 ""Thats All Forks"" - Peacock"
,Recommended,245170,16273035,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rabbi Shekelberg,"As a professional in the medical world, I promote this with the utmost certanty that it can cure any ailment.I mean, seriously, since when have boobs been a bad thing?They make everything better, except on men, that-that looks horrific. (Not apologising)I guess the only bad thing is that the controls are a little confusing, but that's probably because I'm too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to read the controls and bind them probably.- Dr Satan(PhD in Internet Retardation, Advanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery and Vidya Gayms)"
76561197989571783,Recommended,245170,30922312,Posted: 3 April,all,Matcha Maniac,"As a professional animator and fighting game enthusiaist, this game holds a special place in my heart. It's nothing short of an important visual achievement when the genre and industry have gone exclusively in the direction 3D modeling.  The gameplay is fun, though at the end of the day I'm a bigger fan of Street Fighter (any) and will more often than not be playing that instead.  I'll still boot up this little gem every once in a while and I'm glad to have contributed money to keep Lab Zero in the game.It's more than worth your money and any time you invest."
,Recommended,245170,17439633,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,<CRG> Majestic Chris,"This game greatly reminds me of Persona 4 Arena, one of my favorite fighting games, with even more to offer. The characters are diverse and wonderfuly designed, and so are the backgrounds. The voice actors are commited. Overall, a very good multiplayer game.9/10"
,Recommended,245170,9967029,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Hexavius,Isrlygood
76561198023514431,Recommended,245170,13630262,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kaity,Best game ever buy it now do it it's the best 10/10 yes
,Recommended,245170,13820722,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Order Sol,Fantastic game. Can't get enough of the DLC characters too. Big Band and Squigly are especially fun.
76561198010084659,Recommended,245170,14834923,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,PEACOCK,I've bought this game 4 different times and would buy it againCereboobies are in ityou should play itplay itnow10/10
76561198084226045,Recommended,245170,24473169,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GoombaTrooper97,This is my first real purchase on Steam and I have to say that I really enjoy how it plays.  I do not always like it though but that is mainly because I am so new to the game.  Is this game perfect? Well what game really is? I don't think it is a perfect game but it sure is fun to play escpecially if you have some friends to battle against!!
,Recommended,245170,33941924,Posted: 31 July,all,✖Cheky—Cheky✖,Nice artwork and animation. I like this game.
,Recommended,245170,7812734,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Merc Berserk_TT®,"Great game. Impressive netcode, accessible yet challenging. Comprehensive tutorial. Single player sucks (expected)solid 10 as a fighter at a budget price. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,245170,35227933,Posted: 26 September,all,Starlight Daemon,"Skullgirls is one of the best fighting games I have ever played in about the last 4 years, The gameplay feels great with a unique fighting system. It will feel very familiar to MvC players and even KOF players will feel a bit at home. Pulling off insane MvC style combos with the pre-combo planning of KOF, canceling into supers will fill any fighting game fanatic with glee. Each character has a very unique flavor and with the choice of 1 to 3 characters in a team you will always find something to suit your style. For example my team consists of Squiggly, Eliza, and valentine. Using Squiggs to pull in any mother ♥♥♥♥er playing keepaway only to bring in valentine to perform an insane amount of damage with her (admittidly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) fast combo output, finishing off with the hard hitting (and rather fast) Eliza.Next i'm gonna cover how the game looks (da grrafikss uuuuugghhnn *splooge*). The artstyle is unique to say the least, very western style anime-esque looks, and very vibrant. The characters really pop out on the screen and are quite bouncy (not just the boobs you pervs). It's very very clean animation, with such amazing fluidity you'd swear you're watching a high profile cartoon. The backgrounds, hooooooly♥♥♥♥♥♥the backgrounds, they are so well done. Amazing happenings in the backgrounds filled with references (and fun fact, custom characters made by backers, like matt and wooly from fisticuffs and Zone-tan... we know why SHE backed it.). Sometimes I find myself going into the training mode just to marvel at the hard work and beauty of the backgrounds. In essence, the art is amazing, and the boobs are bouncy.Sound. I'm gonna give the soundtrack it's own section so I'm just gonna cover the hit effects and voice here.The voices really depend on how much female pain noises you can stand. Some are really squeaky (lookin at you Fillia.) but most are great and sound pretty adult. Nowhere NEAR as bad ans anime fighting chicks. Sadly if you want a voiced story you're SOL unless you wanna shell out an extra 15, though that 15 also gives you all the dlc characters and extra colors so it's not THAT bad (COUGH COUGH mkx COUGH COUGH). Now for the hit sounds. They. Are. MEATY! from the squishy slashing of Valentine's saw to the massive impact punches of Cerebella. You can tell the devs really cared about how their game sounded.Music. Now I find the music quite odd, While it is beautiful with amazing opera-style pieces and smooth jazz, I don't find it quilte energetic enough for a fighting game. That being said the music during the actual fights never really distracted except for one or two somewhat slow jazz. Oh and if you absolutely HATE jazz, sorry bro, there's really nothing else.All in all you can tell the creators really cared about their game, and made great use of the backer money. The refences and fan interaction from these guys are ♥♥♥♥in awesome. I hope they either take on another fighting game, or a Skullgirls 2. One gripe I have is the final boss on the arcade mods. ♥♥♥♥>YOU>MARIE.Buy the game if you like fast combos and great art, buy the game for the amazing dev support, buy the game for the beautiful music, BUY THE GAME FOR BOUNCY♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245170,31091172,Posted: 11 April,all,denovomaltine,"Very good for someone like me who is new to fighting games. The tutorial and the training mode are great, and playing against the AI is quite fun (although the DLC characters can be quite harder for some reason).Great art and music. Runs perfectly in my old pc too.I can't say much about the netcode, but it seems very good, and the game is really hard to master.Anyway, worth the full price."
76561198062481627,Recommended,245170,30919145,Posted: 3 April,all,ScolioReset,"There was a time where you had to go watch videos in order to learn fighting games. Somehow, Lab Zero (or all studios involved in the making of the game) decided to take the ""here's our Training Room, deal with it"" style of welcoming new players to the genre.Skullgirls features one of the best tutorials for any fighting game to date. In fact, it is the pioneer when it comes to actual excellent training modes, something that is included in Killer Instinct and Guilty Gear Xrd. If you find Street Fighter, Injustice or Mortal Kombat a little too intimidating or don't own an Xbox One or Windows 10, Skullgirls is a perfect alternative to Killer Instinct for newcomers to the genre. You basically learn the ropes of the genre by discovering terms like mix-ups, tick throws and all that kind of stuff. The game does let you learn the little details and nuances by doing the practices as much as you want with its incredible selection of lessons from movement to defense before going into offense.You can even set the Training Room in order to learn the hitboxes, frame data and combos. The Tutorial also allows you to learn character-specific movesets, technically special moves, for the content that you own. If you ever see this game on sale, you owe it to yourself to give it a shot. Maybe you'll discover why fighting games are more nuanced than they look. Maybe this will be the game that will make you good at it... like actually good instead of just pressing buttons.At a sale, the Training Mode is worth its asking price alone. The character designs and animations are great as well, Ms. Fortune being my favorite for some reason. And the soundtrack is wonderful! Skullgirls will give you the tools right off the bat and probably make you a slightly more experienced fighthing game player unlike others who are stepping into the genre by playing the more-known-yet-not-great-at-teaching titles."
,Recommended,245170,30146526,Posted: 24 February,all,Zyr0Rick,Proper fighting controls?Check.Good tutorial?Check.Great music?Check.Chalanges?Check.Boobs?Mother♥♥♥♥in check9/10 still suck against real people.
76561198281806290,Recommended,245170,29215680,Posted: 12 January,all,Chupi Trooper Mark~!!,"The animation.Easily the most fluid and stylized I've seen in any game ever. And the fact that it was all hand-drawn by an independant team is a merit all on its own.The characters.Everyone is a heart-tugging angel worthy of your love. Especially Squigly and Leviathan, man.The gameplay.Though I haven't really gotten accustomed to it yet, the fighting feels very fluid and natural, and the ability to swap between multiple characters and tag in with custom specials is really unlike anything I've seen before.The music.Every single soundtrack compliments its respective stage or menu beautifully. I especially like how the jazzy aspect compliments the overall tone of the game itself.Anyways, that's my gushing of a fighting game I recently got into. And really, what can I say that hasn't been said already? It's a wonderful, creative, and fresh take on the fighting genre with plenty of heart and soul poured into it.Definitely worth your time, beginner or pro."
,Recommended,245170,12990174,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,ɢᴍ_🌌,One of the best fighting games i've played in a long time.
,Recommended,245170,12930155,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Stiggs,T1TS
,Recommended,245170,17431958,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Kusazo,Game's great.Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Beowulf.
76561198053664028,Recommended,245170,16589402,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,jnkillerqueen,"it hard then i think when i was play with orther people but so funny when was play with someone that i don""t know.many combo+air combo from many people make me lost to much  but make me fun somuch to play with great player"
,Recommended,245170,25340558,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Quoub,It has 2 boys and a robot. So is this really SkullGirls? Should this be SkullGirls + Friends?
,Recommended,245170,13035762,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Pohpa Pohpa Dab Dab,"Having never written a game review on steam, while having over four thousand hours in tf2, csgo, and similar games, Let it be a point that I almost never feel the need to review a game. However I felt it was necessary to make an exception for skullgirls, I havnt played many fighter games aside from the soul calibur series, a little mortal kombat, and the many games at local arcades. But Skullgirls had a feel none of the others did, every fighter has its flaws, most feel too floaty, and weightless, some are too easily won with button mashing, some just lack depth, Skullgirls on the other hand felt ""bouncy"" which is in no way a flaw, You feel the snap back of someone hitting the floor after a combo, the models dont spin through the air after every kick, and the hit animations are detailed almost to compliment this trait, certain details show how serious they are about making quality over quantity.The best example of this artwork wise are two of the playable characters, Peacock and Double. Watching them frame by frame shows detail after detail, and the hitboxes after recent beta updates have been tighter than ever, Effort was put into this, The creators arent just hungry for cash, Theyre strapping in to make some real deal business here.the combo system is intricate and balanced, with far and few kinks, that are being tweaked and tweaked in the beta,If you dont intend to play the storyline, and just want to fight with your friends, Always try the beta first, It may have new content compared to the final version."
,Recommended,245170,25174237,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,DangerJordan,"one of the best fighting games ever madecompletely broken, empty servers, and an unreachable skill cap"
,Recommended,245170,11456569,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Azel,"Great game, really fun, highly enjoyable for anyone looking for something new in the fighting genre"
,Recommended,245170,14641379,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Magma442,Do you like things that are good? Then buy this game.
,Recommended,245170,8609843,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kamas,It's hella
76561198061974601,Recommended,245170,18843991,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"Probably the best netcode in a 1vs1 fighting game.I'm playing this on Linux, very stable, gamepads works (check the forum if you have problems), always 60fps and no input lag."
,Recommended,245170,12468111,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,♥Mags♥,"Skullgirls is incredible, no doubt the funnest fighting game I've ever played. Every bit of it is fun and absolute eyecandy I don't even have to play it to enjoy it, I just like looking at it because they art style on each character is amazing 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,26626268,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ZBoner,"I may be a King of Fighters player, but I freaking love Skullgirls for one reason. 2 reasons actually. The boobs and it brought me back to fighting games. Fast paced, combo centric, abso-♥♥♥♥ing-lutely lovely tutorial. I played this game with my friends more than I did online. And ♥♥♥♥ me, if you're going online, know the ins and outs of every character, because jeezus I am scarred from online. And maybe get an arcade stick. Actually, no, not maybe, get one. It's not KoF where it's necessary, but you definitely will get an edge over keyboard players."
76561198057756734,Recommended,245170,8312528,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Punderful,if this game were a movie it'd be a good movie.
,Recommended,245170,9369073,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Shodan@CEOtaku,"i know a lot of people say this but this game is is just so ♥♥♥♥ing sexy. the animation is done well, the controls are just spot on and fluid, and i havent had this much fun with a fighting game since Mvc2 or Killer Instinct. one of the main reasons i neglicted to buy this game was because i was never good at fighting games and i was was really worried about the communtiy just being a bunch of stuck up jerks but that was not the case. the games tutorial really goes in depth on how the game's mechanics work and the custom assists are a godsend. The online modes also are not affected by craptastic netcode as the game uses GGPO.TL;DRvery friendly player base, soild fighting game that is always being improved upon plus excellent for people who are new to this genre. in short, buy the game"
76561198103689957,Recommended,245170,9032472,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Useful Idiot,"I wasn't expecting much from Skullgirls when I bought it, but it more then exceeded my expectations after playing the game for more then just an hour. This is a six button fighter that can be played with normal powered teams, a strong tag team, or an overpowered single character. The option to be able to choose how many chatacters you want to bring into a match allows you to play the game in a numerous of ways, and brings different learning curves.The in-game tutorial is the best I have seen in a fighting game, to date. This is a good place to start with fighters, just for the simple fact that it tries to teach newcomers the nuances of the genre, and not just combos. Although, there are plenty of advanced combos that require precise execution and memory, that put games like MvC and Blaz Blue to shame, if you are interested in high-level play.Controls are fluid and responsive, any time my fighter did something I didn't intend for her to do, I knew I was at fault and that it wasn't due to bad mechanics. Combos are easily to learn and execute but like all fighters, require some time to learn. I have tried playing with a Keyboard, Gamepad, and Arcade stick, and can say you will probably need a pad or stick to play this game. Don't get me wrong it is very possible to play with a keyboard, (and from personal experience, actually kinda fun) but it will be hard to play characters who rely on Z motions.The 2-D sprites are detailed and animated fluidly. The developers did a good job incorporating each characters personality into their fighting styles, if you can appreciate such things. Each character even has their own animation and properties for their tag ins and outs. (something I wish Marvel had)Even though most people probably don't go into fighters looking for a story, the game does feature a story mode, that has suprisingly good lore, and interesting characters, with a final boss that may well rival Shao Kahn. So even if you are looking for a single player fighter, there is something to be found here."
76561198038317862,Recommended,245170,23175777,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Space Ghost,"A fighting game more than worth it's asking price. Responsive gameplay, diverse character playstyles and a tutorial that I want to go through over and over again because it's engaging, fun and educational. This is a game I can come back to time and time again. Love Skullgirls and look forward to seeing more from this developer."
76561198120366676,Recommended,245170,21970161,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Nero,I have never been beaten to a pulp by a man in a trench coat weilding a giant saxaphone this bad before.
,Recommended,245170,14118850,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Loog,"Playing this game, I can certainly say that i'mBack on the Beat.10/10 would Jam with Big Band again."
76561198056771545,Recommended,245170,10695710,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pat The Baker,"ya like bewbs? bam game for you. you like fighting bewbs? bam game for you. you like jerking off as you watching young sexy big bewbed chicks fight while your also listening to that one song from nirvana, you know the one that is all like I FEEL STUPID AND CONTAGIOUS!!! yea that one while also stroking your neckbeard with the scent of diarrhea and hot pockets? bam the game for you. You like sucking that beef? this game might be fot you. You a dirty little queer? then yeah it aint for you. Street fighter as a cartoon with big titted chicks. 7/10"
76561198063552048,Recommended,245170,7799425,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Porridge,"It's magical how a game can be composed of nothing but females. I, as a male player, feel intimidated by the female fighters in this game and that's okay because I need the pain because men aren't supposed to feel pain in society. We need to break boundaries and walls with wrecking balls and strap me on the face of one because I am a man and I'm stupid we need a universal role reversal so I can be♥♥♥♥♥♥on. This game is wonderful, but I don't like how they show cleavage and♥♥♥♥♥ The skirts are too short. What is this, a ♥♥♥♥ing fighter game with a female in it? We need to cut the crap and either show full nudes or cover that♥♥♥♥♥♥up and make them wear strait jackets. I am offended by the showing of the body parts and they shouldn't do this at all because I am offended. Good game, solid fighter."
,Recommended,245170,7999875,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Murderous Vulture with benefits.,"Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game.It has a small cast of well-balanced characters. It has an anti-lag system put in place that allows me to play almost indiscriminately without latency issues. It has a combo-blocker feature preventing your character from being locked up in a chain of infinite hits without a chance to retaliate. It has, and I don't say this lightly, a superb tutorial mode to teach you the ins and outs of the system generally, and specialised ones tailored to help you learn individual characters.As I said, Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game. If you enjoy such games, you should most likely enjoy this. If you find yourself randomly button-mashing in Tekken and wanting to improve, you should almost certainly appreciate this. If you don't care for such games, you should give this a miss."
76561198056095158,Recommended,245170,28736697,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Smug Chump,"Never has a game made me say ""schoolgirls"" by mistake this much in my life.Frame perfect lisps."
,Recommended,245170,16786535,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,sheldion coupè,the porn is great 10/10
,Recommended,245170,15055279,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Reznika,You can't spell Husbando without Band.
,Recommended,245170,16231220,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,gabanigaws,11/10 would fap again.
,Recommended,245170,15795434,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Stolko,Review Below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEZ5MRPi3EM
,Recommended,245170,22789927,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mumbling Ducky,"This is possibly one of the best fighting games to have come out in recent years. It is a very technical fighter that is suprisingly easy to pick up and play, it does help if you learn but it is easy to do with the most amazing tutorial you will ever witness. It covers genuine combos you will use competetivly. The art style is amazing with a jazz soundtrack and some very suggestive clothing. Seriously from seasoned fighting game veterens to fighting game virgins this is the game for you."
76561198045582308,Recommended,245170,8233161,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TheCometCE,"Skullgirls is a very accessible but deep fighting game that combines the pick up and play of the Marvel vs Capcom series, with the big loose combos of Blazblue/Guilty Gear.If you're new to the fighting genre, this is probably the best place to start, the game has easy controls to learn, as well as one of the most informative tutorials I've ever seen for a fighting game.If you're a veteran, you can put together some wild combos, and with the inputs being on the easy end of fighting games, you can spend less time trying to punch in 63214632146LK LP like some games, and more time reacting to enemy movement with your standard quarter circles, DPs and charge attacks.Overall, go get this game! It's well balanced, well designed, with likeable characters and movesets!"
,Recommended,245170,9591352,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ruelor,Step 1. WomenStep 2. FightingStep 3. ?????Step 4. Profit.
,Recommended,245170,16621828,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ɛɖɢʏ ɮօɨ,"Keyboard Controls are pretty hard, But much easier when you get used to it. Great Game 9/10"
76561198070458704,Recommended,245170,13824029,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Bonester,"If you like a fighting game where a big muscular man made entirely out of band instruments uses a super where he turns into a french horn and then combos it into a reference to JoJo's Bizzare Adventure, all the while tag teaming with a bone snake and the best waifu, then this is for you. Also the fightings pretty good i guess."
,Recommended,245170,14443271,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Fenix,"This game is actually pretty good.Besides that there's an obvious amount of fanservice, this game does have a lot to offer. The soundtrack is amazing, the story is quite good, and voice acting, taunting, animations in general, the anime-like graphics are all 10/10.The tutorial is good, teaches many different moves (until 1 moment i got stuck on it, but no problem). The community is made of many tryhard players, so there are really good guides on steam and on Skullgirls forum for each character and their different combos. It also has a infinity (combo) breaker system.Pick your characters (1-3 per game) and go fight. There are good interactions between the characters and also assists and assist combos. It's really good to play with friends, but also good to play online, the netcode (GGPO) is impressive, good enough so you don't feel delay or any lag while playing with people from different and far (!) locations. Usually when playing with friends the ping varied from 40-100 ms, but I've played on 350 ms and was still a smooth gameplay. Also you can always choose the location and skill level of people you want to play against. There is also a ranking system that accounts victories and losses, but I'm not sure how it works.I play this game on a keyboard and it's not bad at all. I don't have a controller but the game has a full controller support as well and I may try it one day.It's an easy to learn, but hard to master kind of game.I have fun with it even though I'm a noob.(y)"
,Recommended,245170,8771875,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Jas i'm dyslexic,i recommend this game 10 fold! this game is also really fun with freinds! it's perfect for any computer! crappy or not you most likely will be able to play this game without lag.
76561198104362044,Recommended,245170,16148662,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SpiritsDL,"Nice game, nice character design, and nice style!"
76561198088392978,Recommended,245170,16407821,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ze German Fox 狐,"Very big learning curve. However the extensive tutorial helps with that. Once you know how to play it becomes one of the most fun fighting games you will ever play.Although, one problem I have with this game is the way the tutorial teaches you. It does not tell you what buttons do what moves, (ex. A is Light Kick and X is Light Punch) instead it what the buttons do and that tells you how to do combos. (ex. <- Hold -> LK) But that's just a small little gripe I have with it.The Animations are great, the Art Style is awesome and the banter between the fighters is awesome. It's a fantastic fighting game and I highly recommend it.In conclusion, this is one of the fighting games I've ever played"
76561198052892297,Recommended,245170,17206325,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sludge Pump,Can't wait for the volleyball spinoff.
,Recommended,245170,8948823,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,leechmonger,MY HAIR IS A DEMON
,Recommended,245170,16317697,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Nuka,"I really like this game. It's one of the most fun fighting games I've played! Controls are hard without a controller, but with one it's a ton of fun to play.  While the DLC is on sale, check it out. It's a cheap tactic, but the fighters they are selling are pretty good.Get Squigly.Squigly is waifu."
76561198062668407,Recommended,245170,16319655,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Weeby Catholic,this game is great. 10/10
76561198024311871,Recommended,245170,16405048,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Baunter,nah
,Recommended,245170,9170659,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,"Tharion, the Black Blizzard","high paced 2D fighting indie game.good AI on CPU controlled characters, good story, balanced mechanics, excelent online service, adaptable to the player fighting style, frecuently updated and beautifuly designed characters.9.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,9867110,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Matticus,"In terms of fighting games, Skullgirls is by far my favorite.The team are balanced, and the combo system allows for individuality:Not every team you see will play the same way, and each match therefore different from the next.Learning to play the game is easy!The tutorials are expansive and user friendly, even for people that are new to fighting games!The community is very supportive and provides feedback on gameplay to help newer players advance.The character list may be relatively small when compared to other games.However upon further exploration you will find the differences between each character more than make up for it.No one character is anything like another in terms of moveset, strategy, etc.So whatever playstyle you prefer, there's bound to be character for you!The team system allows for endless possibilities in terms of competition and strategy.Teams are well-balanced, and so a team of 3 is just as good as a team of 2, etc.Playing solo is not punished, as you are compensated for your lack of teamates in terms of damage and health.Much awaits you in the world of Skullgirls, and it's only getting better!But don't take my word for it, try it out for yourself! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,245170,3845089,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,八雲　紫,"A great fighting game, packed with a variety of special attacks, interesting artwork, and it's one fighting game you cannot miss out! Try it out if you want."
,Recommended,245170,25452682,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ϟϟLawrence Andersonϟϟ,"I wrote three or two reviews about this game. But now I can make 100% accurate review.MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS MY♥♥♥♥♥BURNS!!!111!!1111!!! TONS OF ""GIT GUD"" STUFF, NO FRIENDLY PEOPLE!!!11!! (Well, only a few are nice. And characters with single player are coooool)But still this game sucks, very very much. And it's community is bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. There is nothing good in this game, but style and story mode. All other things are crap,♥♥♥♥♥♥and idiotic ♥♥♥♥. I recomend it only because it can be interesting for same asshats, as people there... and because of boobies. It was funny reading start of all of this, but I was serious. This.Game.Sucks. Buy it only if you wish to have fun, playing with pals / look at nice art style / playing awesome story mode. If you wish to play with fair people in fair games - go away, you will never find it around this fairless crap.Thanks for your attention:)Now go away."
,Recommended,245170,22016531,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,TCG,"It's an excellent fighter. No questions asked. It's even one of the best indie games I've ever played.The game is an extremely hardcore 2D fighter with great animation, gameplay, voice acting, and more.Newbies will like it due to the amazing tutorial and fun to have both Singleplayer and Online with friends. Hardcore fighting game fans, especially fans of super combo heavy fighting games, will absolutely love this game. From hardcore punushes, combos, and strategic tag team gameplay. It has something for everyone really.Pros;+Amazing Soundtrack+God tier training mode+Great Characters+Great animation+GGPO Netcode+Runs on anything really+Amazing tutorial+Fun gameplayCons:-No recommended to people new to fighting games-Some characters feel unbalanced-Game is WAY too combo heavy for my liking-Online is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Public matchmaking is dead and everyone is a verteran.-Could use more graphical optionsI highly recommend this game to anyone who loves fighters. I do however recommend only playing with friends who suck just as much as you or are as good at the game as you. This fighter isn't for everyone, but it's a blast to play with friends.9/10"
76561198134125356,Recommended,245170,29391659,Posted: 20 January,all,ivy,Best fighter game ever ;)
,Recommended,245170,32694451,Posted: 23 June,all,Hunter,"♥♥♥♥ing bought it a week before the steam summer sale. Oh well, at least I got a discount on 2nd Encore."
,Recommended,245170,32940554,Posted: 28 June,all,MadameLucario,"Arcade Beat-em-Ups, a genre that I hold dearly and close to my heart. The character assortment is pretty nice and the controls are quite smooth, especially if you own a controller that is compatible with your PC (of if you go the extra mile to get yourself a Steam Link and Steam Controller combo). However I am only scratching the surface of what this game has to offer.The story mode for this game is relative short given that you only fight in a set number of stages for each character, with each providing a piece of the story and various view points on how the main villain of the game (the Skull Heart) had devastated or affected the lives of many. It helps you know the character's set personalities and you never get bored with it. However, I will say that the final boss that you have to face each time is just a pain for me. The amount of times that I have died to the final boss is uite sad really, but that's mostly because of my poor reflexes. Doesn't stop me from having fun, though.The art style for these characters are absolutely beautiful and smooth. It gives me those traditionally drawn cartoon nostalgic vibes every time I see them and the camos that have been placed in the game don't fail to make me laugh either.I definitely recommend this to players who have always enjoyed playing fighting games such as Tekken and Street Fighter. It is definitely worth the money and it is even more engaging when you have friends playing against you. You have the choice of playing locally or online. I've played it a ton with my friends and hilarity certainly ensues when at least of of the people you're playing with only knows how to button mash.This game was certainly made for those who in general really enjoy video games and it does not matter your skill level in fight games, you are still guaranteed to at least have some fun."
,Recommended,245170,10717182,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cousin Nicky,"I've played fighter games since I was a child but it's just recently that I started learning how to play them properly instead of just button mashing. First with Soul Calibur, then Street Fighter and now I bought this game because it was on discout, best decision ever made.This game is absolutely awesome, it got me engaged since the first fight, the stetic and the animation of the characters are really good, the combos you can pull off are really satisfactory and the online is really decent.I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves fighting games, seriously."
,Recommended,245170,16317674,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Mir Teiwaz ArTonelico,is a Exelent Game! i love <3
76561198044798842,Recommended,245170,13953736,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Blood Loss,You can play songs with Big Band's Trumpet. What more do you want?
,Recommended,245170,16359612,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,templarzaphiere2,So i decided to purchase skullgirls since it was on sale. here's my impression so far-Me Playing Skullgirls After Installing-Chooses Training-Picks waifu combatant to train-Train combos and♥♥♥♥♥♥ doing pretty well-Goes to Arcade mode to test waifu-Makes button mashing on first 3 stages-feels like a pro- 4th stage got waifu stommped by trombone robot dude10/10 will bash buttons again
,Recommended,245170,14194853,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Engel M.,"Is an indie fighting game on PC. You shouldn't be expecting anything revolutionary.But where this game shines is in teaching you how to play Fighting Games.It has some of the easiest to understand characters and best tutorials.It's one of the best, if not the best fighting game for new players. Fighting Game veterans will find it fun, but probably won't want to migrate away from Street Fighter.Edited for Steam Badges. I nominated this game for ""Vilian most in need of a hug"" :)"
,Recommended,245170,13977723,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,mouse,"One of the best fighting games what i ever played. Graphics is wonderful and smooth. The characters are really original, every one of them has their own fighting style. Hard to Learn, Hard to master but worth itNeed more new DLC characters."
,Recommended,245170,14499006,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,MaulanaMP,"If you want to step into fighting game, get Skullgirls.This game has one of the best tutorial which is good to players who want to move on from a usual button masher to a fighting game player.The one that really hooked up with this game is the characters. Each character have their own personalities, motives, and implication in the series lore. Their personalities come out in the gameplay, with their moveset or quotes. The story mode, while not very long like Blazblue, are interesting and added more personalities to the characters. Each characters has their own story yet none was stated canon, which open many more narrative possibilities.The setting of the game is unique to the fighting because of the jazzy feeling they give. The soundtracks are great, especially the theme song.The developer also done good jobs on fleshing the characters while listening to the feedback from the player. Their blogs are interesting and informative. With more of DLC characters come up, I can't wait to see what they are up to.Even though I'm still getting beaten up in online play, I still enjoy the game, especially playing with friends.Get the game!Get the DLC! They're good"
,Recommended,245170,13556610,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kiyobi,"This is the game that got me into fighting games as a whole. The tutorial is top notch!If you've ever wanted to get your feet wet into fighters above just the casual level, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,245170,12982413,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ecchigoya,"I've been a fan of fighting games mostly play on console like GG, BB, MB,  MVC, KOF and SF,  and I'm so glad that this game got into Steam :)Lets start with the positive sideFirst thing its very similar to marvel vs capcom 2 kind of gameplay where you can punish your opponents with painful combos, Great music, Awsome HD sprites, Very unique characters, Cool cartoonish art, and it would be best using stick or Controller.Negative sideThe background theme is not very lively, Only few characters to choose but still hoping for more, Very hard using keyboard (for me).Well if you like fightings games, This game is the game for you."
,Recommended,245170,10547543,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kyonko Hizara,A legit fighter with legit waifus
,Recommended,245170,17424485,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SpookySauce69,"Where can I begin with this game... Well, I remember the first time I saw this game- I ignored it, in a way, thinking that it probably wasn't going to be all that great; but that was before I actually PLAYED it. Early in June 2015, I came across the game again, and Steam was letting its users try Skullgirls for free. ""If the game is free, it's gotta be worth it."" :3 I started playing, and I must say that it was pretty awesome! 1. A good majority of the characters are female, 2. every character has her (or his) own individual personality and moveset, 3. Amazing story modes for each fighter [and I also like to occasionally do a ""Random"" map. (because I like all the maps) So many of them ^^] 4. Who doesn't like jazz music here and there? :) This game is awesome, and I believe everyone should play it- it's worth the money. $$$$"
,Recommended,245170,16319147,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tengu,"Bought for the waifu wonderland of a cast, stayed for the greatness that is Peacock.10/10 would drop elephants on people again."
,Recommended,245170,16349224,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hakuyer,peacock makes me want to kill myself
,Recommended,245170,17177293,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,!secret,"Pros:+Great artstyle+Fun to play (alone or with friends)+Nice stories+SoundtracksCons:-DO NOT PLAY ONLINE, unless you are a PRO-Controller is highly recomended"
76561198009430706,Recommended,245170,16834761,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Unsettling Music™,"Coming from a Mortal Kombat fan, this game is surprisingly easy to get into. Skullgirls is a well animated, action-packed fighting game that I believe can compete with some of the AAA fighting games that have been recently released. The game features a great tutorial to give you the baiscs of the game, and provides countless hours of entertainment through its Story Mode, Arcade mode, and Multiplayer mode. Skullgirls' player base may be small, but it is very dedicated and helpful to the community. For a game with such easy accessibility, I highly recommend that you try it out if you're interested in 2-D fighting games."
76561198111560263,Recommended,245170,16509310,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Catscratch,this game turned me into a weeaboo
,Recommended,245170,16927660,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Valhi2,"I.. honestly? You're asking somebody to give you a review on a game like this?SkullGirls: 2nd EncoreIs a flippin' grand game. You have no bloody clue!The Mechanics!The Combos!The Characters!The Stories!The game features an in-game tutorial to help new players right at the get-go. A bit difficult for keyboard players, but you'll get it eventually.The game also features an amazingly detailed training mode, complete with a newly-added ""replay"" mode to see hitboxes and replay those amazing combos you've pulled off.If you decide to try your hand in the online competitive arena, get ready to get rocked! You're going to be facing people who know how to combo like no tomorrow, look up Duckator if you haven't. (Amazing SkullGirls player.)Of course, you never want to forget the amazing story-line the game comes with. Fighting games aren't built to have ""great"" stories, they're built to have ""great"" fighting mechanics.What If I told you, that SkullGirls:  2nd Encore, comes complete with both?(Hint: IT DOES.)Now, if you haven't already seen my hours at the current time of writing this, (or if you're looking at the total hours I've banked in this game.)I would say this game is worthy of $15.Hell, I think it's a steal for a game of this caliber.I mean,Cute Girls, Busty Nurses, Nice Butts, and Amazing Fighting Mechanics.(Also that eldritch horror double)All that and more, await you in,SkullGirls: 2nd Encore!""Butts. 10/10Delish butt and racks. 10/10""- Salzimus""Boobs n' Butts.""- Valhi2"
76561198051656586,Recommended,245170,18419554,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,"YouMakeMeFeelSoGood,Onii-Chan!","Beat game.thought that i was good.went online.never again.10/10 ""fapping simulator 2015"" - IGN"
,Recommended,245170,22090031,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Joey,"This game has great story and great characters! the moves are unique and all of the frames are drawn by hand, and overall it's amazing! Once you start playing you don't want to stop."
76561198079386215,Recommended,245170,20384191,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,The CBR Guy,I can use a Nazi-Motorcycle Police Force and a living flame-throwing umbrella to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone.I heard that there are also other characters.360/360 would wish for unlimited fuel again.
,Recommended,245170,16316364,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,manlethamlet,I've paid the full price 4 times.Still a better $60 than GTA V.
,Recommended,245170,27885263,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,scoundralcook,This game made me want to make passionate love to monster girls.That's how great it is.
,Recommended,245170,21998468,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,SlightlySurprisedKirk,Peacock shouts out memes during combatThere's an actual playable trumpet in the game10/10
,Recommended,245170,32770228,Posted: 25 June,all,∞³,"Note: This review is from an outsiders perspective. Skullgirls is one of the first fighting games I've ever played and the first I've properly played (I played MK9 for a while, but eventually I got bored).TL;DR: Good game 8/10Skullgirls is a really fun fighting game. The character roster is nicely balanced and no characters feel useless, although a few characters have long-range attacks that the A.I. just loves to spamParasoul and Robo-Fortune.The controls are pretty good, once you get used to them. There are six attack buttons: three for punches and three for kicks. You also navigate the menus with the movement controls and kicks/punches. All of this was really confusing for me, when I started, but I got used to it in about five minutes.The blockbuster abilities are cool, but I struggle to get them to work. It's probably because I'm not used to pressing a million buttons to do an ability (same with fatalities in MK), but I think after a few hours of practice and another half hour of memorising all the moves I will be able to do most of the abilities no sweat.There is a great optional tutorial in Skullgirls. It teaches you all the things you need to know to do anything in this game. It's divided into lessons starting with basic movement and ending with really advanced techniques.Rapid game mode rundown:Single playerStory, Arcade (random challenges), CPU Quick Match, Survival (DLC, I think)MultiplayerTournament Mode, Local Only, Quick Match, Lobby Play (PC only)That's all the things that I've seen so far. Haven't played the MP modes and haven't played much of the actual game, but so far it's a great game.8/10: an outsider's opinion"
76561198150068452,Recommended,245170,29302378,Posted: 16 January,all,Zen,>Combat feels really smooth>Characters are great and all feel unique>Having the story voiced now feels good man>Good game to play with friends at 3 AM>Reviewing Skullgirls in 2017
,Recommended,245170,29356393,Posted: 19 January,all,kaokahe,Pretty sweet. Detailed game with massive combo's and multiple skill settings keeps you playing through again and again.10/10
,Recommended,245170,16390017,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zololion,boobs.
,Recommended,245170,33870907,Posted: 28 July,all,StirfrySamurai,"Very good game, bought it during a Steam sale for almost nothing, and have logged way more hours than I have ever logged into a 2D fighter. The game has a lot of tools to teach newcomers (like me) the mechanics of the game. The best part is, that because the mechanics of the game are so similar to that of games like BlazBlue and other Arc System Works games, many of the skills you learn in this game can be carried over to other fighters. Additionally, characters feel balanced enough that everyone has a chance to win and string crazy combos (albeit some characters definitely have noticeable advantages over others). I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a great fighter!"
,Recommended,245170,33013430,Posted: 29 June,all,Squidgward,yeah I got a boner while playing but it was fun to actually play the game. Very arcadish feel to it which is awesome.
,Recommended,245170,16334890,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,elsDodo,"Masterpiece. Beautiful music, lovely art, supercute characters, fluid 60fps gameplay, hard difficulty.You're not sure you wanna buy it? JUST DO IT!Note: Gamepad hardly recommended. Like, don't even try playing this without gamepad."
,Recommended,245170,16866828,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Lukas,Great animations!Awesome artstyle!Awesome music!Mechanically impressive!Great game!If you like Fighting Games this is a MUST HAVE!
,Recommended,245170,21682157,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,DungeonHax,"Attention Ladies And Gentlemen! Do you want an experience like no other!? An experience that will make your life change for the better!? Then look no further, This game is for you!"
,Recommended,245170,10918674,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Winston Poptart,Great fighting game for players who are not that great at fighting games! :D
,Recommended,245170,15772246,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Kuroyoru,All Fame No Game
,Recommended,245170,33252021,Posted: 4 July,all,Aquariatus,"This is the first fighter I've ever played and honestly, I'm excited to try more.  The tutorials make for a really easy introduction that thoroughly explains what the heck is going on, and the adjustable CPU difficulties makes it easy to scale as you (hopefully) get better.  The wide variety of characters with different play styles makes it fun to try them all, and the many, many different modes allows for endless fun.  Some of the combos can be difficult to perfect but once you do it is SO satisfying. The controls are a little awkward, as are some of the combo inputs (I still can't do the Z pattern), but it's not super detrimental to game play (just play Fukua like me). Whether you're just randomly mashing buttons, or carefully executing movesets-- Skullgirls is truly wonderful for beginners and advanced players alike."
,Recommended,245170,33264426,Posted: 5 July,all,Lyonifyl,A very good designed game from both quality aspect and game mechanics.This differenciates from other from its penalty for repetion (you know the one) and promotes diversity in combat.In the aspect of storyline: I can describe it as well made (especially the RoboFortune one) that can make you feel their emotions and thoughts.If you are a fan of this type of games (how it is to be an endangered species?) you will like this for sure...but if you are like me (A W+M1 Lenny bind spammer) you would just spam the controler (poor souls like me try to keep their keyboards intact) based on what you see and will never use the block system ever.Overall a good game 9.1/10.Would break my keyboard for Marie again and read Filia fanfiction on Deviantart!
,Recommended,245170,16264709,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,bad player,"Never. Fight. Online.Make sure you can at least chain a decent combo or two and block before you even dare touch the ""versus"" option.Don't make the same mistake I made.Please.EDIT: I'm good at the game now, please go fight online so I can wreck you. :)EDIT 2: Realized I'm actually♥♥♥♥♥♥ please don't go online."
76561198144670759,Recommended,245170,35038685,Posted: 17 September,all,NotAnthony,"a great fighting game with unique animations.Personally, i loved it, though i must point out a few things.PROS:- its not just any fighting game, this one actually requires a bit of skill (Or to learn a few basic combos and spam the hell out of them, but wheres the fun in that)- Straight up a fun game, there's not much to hate about it.- Different character storylines.Cons:-Some of the characters are only available if you buy DLC's (I don't actually think it's that bad, but it does feel a little weird to not have the full roster available)- If you just finished all the stories and want to try online, get ready for other players to completely mop the floor with you, they are NOT gonna go easy, no matter what."
76561198086276748,Recommended,245170,13147005,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bunny (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ,"Fun, but if you plan to button-mash, you're not going to enjoy this for very long. If you stink at fighter games like I do, do not despair; this game has an awesome hold-your-hand every step of the way tutorial which definitely helped me."
,Recommended,245170,13822465,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,matamune313,Funsies
,Recommended,245170,14200659,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,ECRead,"Definitely one of my favorite fighting games ever. Love the artstyle, the music is fantastic, healthy community, and it's just really easy to get into it, especially if you are already more familar with fighting games. This is the game that really got me into the whole fighting game genre, and I have honestly had a ton of fun with this."
,Recommended,245170,14385745,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,devlkore,"My review is going to focus on the mechanics of the game but let me say this game has everything:- The story, presentation, graphics and audio create a wonderful universe.- The interactive tutorials teach you about the characters, game systems and fighting games as a whole (mix ups, hit confirms, etc.)- Best tools in practice mode of any fighting game I know of (I've played A LOT), including hitbox and hitstun display, slow motion, 'as reversal' dummy playback, savestates and more.- GGPO netcode.On to the actual fighting. Skullgirls can be played with mixed solo characters and teams of 2 or 3. Health, damage and defense are scaled so it's balanced. I prefer teams of 2 and occasionally 3, but a solo character can overwhelm a team if they get the momentum. Teams have assists and tagging similar to Marvel, though you can use any normal/special/throw attack as an assistant and all characters have unique tag in attacks.I really like the amount you can customise your team. It definitely helps offset what some might see as a limited roster of characters.Speaking of characters current cast of 12 (eventually to be 14) are all very unique and represent a wide variety of styles. My favourites are Big Band, the slow armour character that can actually play music (also he can parry), Cerebella, the grappler that also glides and can reflect projectiles, Valentine, because she's a ninja and can move wherever she wants and Eliza, the ""stand"" character. There's also a Scorpion/Angel hybrid stance character, a John Talbain pro wrestler, a dismembered cat girl with rekkas (and is also a doll character) and Fukua, the joke character that has a dragon kick so win all round.All characters have special moves and supers, for the most part very much like Street Fighter moves. Supers use 2 buttons rather than double motions. If playing with a team you can tag mid super into the next characters super. There is however no ability to perform multiple simultaneous super moves.Combos are largely formed out of chains, going in traditional ""magic series"", though there are links and plenty of unique chains. The combo system is very free form, the limiting factors are the infinite prevention system (IPS) and drama/undizzy bar. These limits are a good thing, they keep you from repeating the same thing over and over, keeping combos interesting and stopping any single combo from going on for too long. There are still high damage combos but you can't just loop something until timeout or death.If a combo starts to loop the player getting hit can burst out for free. This means you have to either end your combo or try to reset the other player into another combo, or even bait the burst and attack after.There are many unique character specific systems that make the game interesting and give the characters more depth. Big Band can parry attacks, Squigly can cancel normal attacks and move the screen around, Valentine can inflict 3 status effects and resurrect dead teammates, Painwheel can fly and absorb then reflect damage, and so many others.Character diversity is definitely one of the games strong points.So in summary, I highly recommend this game to anyone who loves 2D fighting games or would like to start playing them and to anyone who likes fighting games and appreciates the story and art. If I had to put a number on it I'd say 5/5, it's ""perfect"", everything it sets out to do it does beyond expected of a fighting game."
,Recommended,245170,16197475,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,H3XT,"B(0)(0)Bs BOOBS B00BS (o)(o) and panties and anime oh and there is kick♥♥♥♥♥fighting with very tight controls! $2.99 take my $$$$$$$$$$$$$. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ,,----~~”'¯¯¯¯¯¯”'~~----,,... ... ... ... ... ...,,-~”¯::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::¯”'~,,... ... ... ... ..,,~”::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::”~,,... ... ... ..,,-“:::::::::::::::/::::::/::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::\:::::::::\... ... ...,-“:::::,-“:::/:::::/::::::/:|::::::::::::::::\::::::::::::\:::::::::\... ... .,-“:::::::/:::::|:::::|:::::::|:|:::::::|:::::::\\:::::::::::|:|:::::\::\... ... /::::::/:::|::::::|:::::|::|::::\:\:::::/\::::/:::||:::::::::|:/::::::|:::|... .../::::::|:::::\::::::\::::\::\::::/\:\,::/::\::/::::|:|:::::::/\/::::::/::::|... ../::::::/::::::'\::::::\-,:::\/\::/: :\-,”/ : :\/:\:::/: |:::::/::/::::::|::::/... ./::::::|:::::::::\::::::\|::/: \/: : : \/: : : : : \,/: \/::_/\//:\:::::/:::/... /::::::/::/:::::::|::/,__/:/: :__/ . .: : : : : : :\__. \/: \:::::/::/:::/... |:::|::::::::::::/::/::::/;/ ;/ ,. .,\: : : : : : : / ,._., \ /::::::|::/:|...|:::/:::/::;;;::::::/::/|:::|.\: |.|||; : : : : : : : :|.|.||;|::|:::\/:/:|:/...|::|:::|::::::::/:::\|:::'\,|: \.""'"" /: : : : : : : :'\."" '""/ : \: |:::|::\...|::|:::|:::::::/:::::|::::|/: : “¯': : : : : : : : : :""¯'' : : : :/::::'\...|::|:::|::::::/:::::/:::::'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :': : : : :| :/::::::|... \:|:::|:::::|::::::|::::::|,: : : : : : :~,___,~: : : : : :,-“:::::::|::|... .'\|::|:::::|::::::||::::::\'~,: : : : : : '~--~': : : : ,,~”\:::::::::|:/... ...'\:|:::::|::::::/.|::::::|: : “~,: : : : : : : : ,,-~,”::::::'\::::::::/... ... .\\:::::|”~,/-,|:::::::|: : : : ¯”~,-,,,-~”:::,,-'\::::::::\-,,_::|/... ... ..',\,::|~--'-~\:::::::|: : : : : : |::|,,-~”¯..__\::::::::\... .'|... ..,~”': : \|: : : : : \::::::|: : : : : : |¯”'~~”~,”,: : \:::::::|.. /..,-“: : : : : :|: : : : : :\::::::|: : : : : : \: : : : : : “~'-,:\::::::|\,..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : |::::|,\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,-\::::|: \..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : |::::|:'-,\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,|: :|...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : :\:::|: : '\'\: : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-',_... \: : : : : : : : : : :\: /:|:/: : : :',-'-,_,: : : “-,: : : : : : : : :,/”'-,... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : ,-“....”-,:\: : : : '\: : : : : : :,/.......”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : ...........\*/ : : : :|: : : : : :,-“..............'|... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /..............\/ : : : : /: : : : : :,-“............./... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.................\: : :,/: : : : : /................./... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \........................\:,-“: : : : :,/............/... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \,_.............._,”======',_..........,-“\... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: ¯”'~---~”¯: : : : : : : : : :¯”~~,': |: \... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '|: : : : |... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : '/: |... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : :\|... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : :\: |... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : :;: : : : : :;: : : :|: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : '\,:;: : : : : :;: : : :|: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :'\,: : : : : :; : : : :|: : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : , : : : ;: : : : : : | : : : : /:\... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,:.. :: : : : : : |: : : :;::|... ... ... ... ... ..,-“: : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : : : : \*, : : : : : :| : : : :\:|... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : /: : : : : : /... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :| : : : : : ,/... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ;-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : |: : : : : : /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :;: “-,: : : : : : : : '\: |: : : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,|: : : : /... ... ... ,/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : :\: : : : /... ... .../-,-,”,,-,~-,,_: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : :'\: : :'|... ... ...|',/,/:||:\,\: : : “'~,,~~---,,,_: : : : : : : : '\: : : : : ,: :|... ... ..|: :”: ||: :”: : : : : : :”-,........ ¯¯”''~~~-~.|\: : : : : : \:|... ... ..|: : : ||: : : : : : : : : : :”-,.......................|: : : : : : : \|... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,.....................\: : : : : : : ,\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,\....................“\: : : : : : : : '\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-\...............,/: : :\: : : : : : : |... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \,...........,/: : : : '\: : : : : : ||... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \.......,/: : : : ,-~/: : ,: |: /:|... ... ..'|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \~”¯: : : : : :|: ::|: :/::/:,/... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : :”-,,_/_,/-~”:|... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ... ... |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |... ... ... | : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |"
76561198303366570,Recommended,245170,33624010,Posted: 17 July,all,Jhelton2847,"It's alright,the art is good,characters feel different and balanced,fast gameplay ,it has a nice soundtrack,and if you aren't playing with a joystick setup and can figure out how to play then it can be fun."
76561198093911616,Recommended,245170,30909315,Posted: 2 April,all,HHHHHH,its gud
,Recommended,245170,10802471,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kissamies,"Stylewise, I'm not that wild about the whole monster girl theme, but Ilovethe 20s and 30s art deco stuff. A 2D fighting game very reminiscent of the old Capcom classics, especially the Darkstalkers. I'm no expert of fighting games, but this seems pretty solid. The single player campaigns are a bit meh, but that's not unusual for these games. I'm guessing those who like fighting games should like this. It was fun enough for me."
,Recommended,245170,14716377,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,"Ave, True to Caesar","Really good game, but the ""DLC"" is kinda overpriced."
76561198313863768,Recommended,245170,30404929,Posted: 9 March,all,Tox,"Argueably one the best fighting games ever made. Mechanics polished to an truly outstanding level, great soundtrack, beuatiful art style, with vivid and creative characters all with intruiging and interleaved stories.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,31929120,Posted: 23 May,all,arlecchinata,"I love this game. Amazing artwork and characters, and the soundtrack is a masterpiece in its own right. You'll have plenty of fun, whether you're keeping it casual or playing it hardcore."
76561198203860637,Recommended,245170,33127384,Posted: 2 July,all,matthijsm97,"it's a very good game, characters are balanced and there are a lot of combo's to discover"
,Recommended,245170,8586224,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dejiko,"If you want a good beginner fighting game that you may play hours on end. It's worth the price of admission. You can go as simple or as complex as you want, and you'll be better for it. It is very satisfying playing against other people with the GGPO net code. Recommended to have at least a gamepad, if not a fight stick (I own a gamepad)."
,Recommended,245170,10846235,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rukinom,"As a gamer who was turned off to fighting games his whole life, Skullgirls really took me in.The tutorial is fantastic, covering everything from the basics of 2D fighting gameplay, to advanced techniques as specific as mixups and an entire lesson based on in-air cancels. It also has a lesson for each playable character, covering all their special attacks, proper strategy, and some sample combos.The art is stunning, the backgrounds and the characters all of have creative and clear designs. It visibly shows when an attack is blocked, so you aren't left guessing if a hit was confirmed. There are no cliche characters, and they all have very different fighting styles.Teams vs Solo is well balanced, allowing you team assists vs more health and damage. Almost all team setups work well together, and there's always a way to fill in a character's gaps with assists.The game plays like a AAA title, controls are tight and understandable, the design is fantastic, and it's a great intro to fighting games. Highly recommended."
76561198048492480,Recommended,245170,5359723,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Dr.Booty,What's Better Than Boobs And Punching Women Legally? Not Many Things Are Surprisingly
,Recommended,245170,6078095,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,=|Puruzi|=,Hot girls. Good mechanics. Get.
,Recommended,245170,13248765,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Ozzi,"........................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\...................\::::::::::::::::::::::\"
,Recommended,245170,13680709,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Barkevio X,I want Valentine to take my temperature.I want it so bad.brb bathroom
,Recommended,245170,9915608,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Uber Atomic Pan (LSKM14),"Plays like a dream, incredibly fun, awesome soundtrack, and great, uh.....art assets. ...yeah. I swear I don't lose half my matches because I'm staring at their chests."
,Recommended,245170,9323550,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Zen,Is rly gud gam 10/10
76561198088637301,Recommended,245170,16140324,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Don't Hit My Egg?,You think you're getting somewhere but then you run into 'pros' online that make you flail with rage hoping to at least hit them once.-10/10
,Recommended,245170,7798229,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Ashzu,"tl;dr: A really good game for $10-15, despite being indie it holds up very well and surpasses the big fighting games in certain aspects.+ Good artstyle+ Easier on the move execution than other popular fighters+ Solid game balance, no really OP or UP characters+ Decent newbie playerbase- The artstyle isn't for everyone- Some characters are a lot more popular than others- No replay system yet (keyword: yet)"
,Recommended,245170,16176957,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,JesusPeter,100 percent recommended for fighting game lovers.
,Recommended,245170,12068754,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Solar Powered,The best 2D Fighter on Steam.
,Recommended,245170,13663797,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dolly,Naughty Nurses 2: Hypodermic Boogaloo.
76561198112388847,Recommended,245170,7780545,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Losernat,Sweet fighting game haven't had this much fun in a wile if you are new i would recommend you play story and train up you're fighter before competing online great game for both casual and hardcore fighting game players
,Recommended,245170,8534247,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Teh_turk,"You got girls, nice artwork, and a fast reactive fighting game. Why the hell arn't you playing it?"
,Recommended,245170,11680706,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,emacs,NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LOOK OUT PRINCESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!......SIR!
,Recommended,245170,12150092,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Echolon,Marienin babaannesi kaşar
,Recommended,245170,10209166,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Spooki Yumeko Jabami,"I love this game, I love all the characters this is different from most fighting games, all the characters are unique in there own way they don't copy each other's attacks, I recommend you have a joystick if you want an easier time playing this though other then that I recommend this game to anyone who likes fighting games"
,Recommended,245170,2643520,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,q3.railgun,"A game designed by MikeZ, so right off the bat you'll know you're going into a combo heavy game. Interesting character designs and the game takes from a lot of different (but same combo heavy type) fighters.The game was originally started based off of MvC2 so that's where most of the tag team aspect comes in. The matches can be anything from (1-3)v(1-3) (CvS2 ratios). If you have more than 2 players you get to choose your assist (mvc2 style) but you can also use a custom assist which can be as simple as a lp or as advanced as a different move which is not originally selectable. DHC's are in this game so if you whiff a super you can DHC to another character which has a safer on-miss option.Probably the only unique thing about SG as a fighter that I've seen is the IPS (infinite prot system). If a combo reaches stage 5 and the same attack is used to open up the next loop that had been used in the previous stages the opponent will glow pink and can hit any attack to ""burst (GGXX)"" and end the combo. I've still seen doubles that have taken 90% of my HP in a no meter combo so I'm still unsure how this works.Fairly well constructed with GGPO lobby support, but the game still has a ways to go."
,Recommended,245170,8520540,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,wiggles,yes
,Recommended,245170,8958066,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Derranger™,"Ah yes Skullgirls, *hides under desk*"
,Recommended,245170,8191099,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,mikha,"This game, is a beautiful gem that seems to be underrated! It is even though, a typical fighting styled game, is but of brilliant as the beginning to starting your fighting gaming addiction! With it's addictivly Western x Japanese Jazz Soundtrack, and cute girls that kick each others asses, it's more than worth your money, including the beta to test any changes in advance towards the game.Yet even though it's fun and a great time-waster, I felt more effort could be put into it. The storylines of each character and how fast-paced each campaign goes is just too fast and rushed, with some of the line-art still a bit dirty and unclean, it gives off a sense of imcompleteness, but sometimes, it's these flaws that create something unqiue, and enjoyable. Having quite improved AI than other fighting games, it also has beautiful revamped animations and backgrounds that are just tantalizing! Being made with love and care of some of the staff now creating Cryamore, I can't wait to see the developement and improvement of this game.It's worth your dollar, and it's a fun time-waster all for a small price! 8/10, must try for beginner fighting gamers~"
,Recommended,245170,13457754,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Worlds Saddest Man 2012-2017,Pros:Great artGreat MusicExcellent and unique charactersGreat combat systemDetailed tutorialCons:Seemingly random story modes with no explanation as to why you're fighting who you're fighting
,Recommended,245170,33085536,Posted: 1 July,all,paranormal-thingum,i got this game yesterday and ive only played 4 hours of it so far and ive only used 3 characters but im writing a review anyway nobody can stop me im out of controlpros:- good art and stuff- peacock exists- its fun when im not losing at it- i heard somewhere it has a guinness world world record for most frames of animation per character which is impressive right- there's a robot which is always a plus- peacock exists- secret typing game mode????- there are some weird-but-usually-at-least-kinda-funny alternate voice packs for certain characters. i discovered this by accident when i was trying to change peacock's color palette and i accidentally turned on the alternate voice pack and then when the fight started she was screaming about anime for some reason and i didnt know what was happening. that was a very confusing experience- uhhh im bad at thinking-- one of the characters has an alternate color palette that lets you play as a horrifying shapeshifting abomination made of neopolitan ice cream 11/10- peacock exists (shes my favorite) (because shes the only character that i actually almost figured out how to use shes good) (also turns out the eyes on her face are actually just her eye sockets and discovering this shattered my perception of reality)cons:- one of the characters has a color palette based off of rainbow dash and that's kinda ehhh to me personally i guess it would not be so bad if it weren't for the fact that the sight of it causes me to remember many embarassing things that i said or did on the internet when i was like 10-11 or something (that same character is the robot one though so it evens out i guess) also it's like really easy to ignore i just don't use that color palette- it's kinda hard to play it properly with a keyboard i feel like if i had a controller on my computer i could manage to be almost decent at this game but i still haven't bothered to get one of those yet (i thought the secret typing game mode would make me better at it but that still required doing the input thing properly so that i could do the blockbuster move which is like half my problem) you can change the key settings though so maybe you can make it almost okay still it would be better to have a controller- maybe there's kinda too much boobs and stuff that's probably a little subjective but yeah i feel like if i played this game around a family member i might possibly be disowned- ok that was kinda extreme i probably wouldnt be disowned but i might never be allowed to use a computer ever again- im still bad at thinking- i cannot beat the final boss no matter what i do i know this is just me i am playing on the easiest difficulty this is not an actual con against the game it's a con against myselfwhat is wrong with me why am i like thisconclusion:i dont know why i thought it would be a good idea to buy this game when i 100% knew i was going to be completely awful at it but i think im glad that i did maybe i dont understand anything also i have no futureok im done
,Recommended,245170,9097386,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,General Krukov,"My PC marvel substitute. What I love about this game is the vast amount of amazing players who bought this game just for the sake of glorious Oppai and Pantsus. It's like they really just bought this game because of Oppais because they seem to not know what they are doing at all. That's the power of Pantsu, everyone. Are you an aspring dev trying to get your game to be popular? Put Pantsu in your game. 1 million copies sold GOTY all years you will be swimming in money while the Doritos and mountain dews rain down upon your pantsu wearing face.There are really only two type of players in this game, the Oppai highlanders or the Super 100 hit combo pros. There is nothing in the middle. Hey, but what can you not do for Oppai and Pantsu, right? GET THIS GAME NOW SO I HAVE MORE PEOPLE TO PLAY AGAINST JESUS."
,Recommended,245170,11235838,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,The Man That Hoists,"A great fighting game made specifically for the fighting game community. Not to hard to get into either, with really good tutorials, and if all you can do is mash buttons, you'll still look like you're doing something right."
,Recommended,245170,30204860,Posted: 26 February,all,Chubby Corgi,"Fun arcade style game with cute and creative character. It can be a little boring if played alone, so make sure to grab a friend to play with."
,Recommended,245170,7831756,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Blue Gale,A very good fighting game that is balanced for casual and the hardcore fans. The controls are very responsive on the keyboard or the arcade controller. But I would like to play with the arcade controller because of it's joystick and easly pulling off combos that is not found on the keyboard (unless you get used to playing the keyboard then again my opinion).Over all get this game. Super fun and the replay value is amazing.10/10
,Recommended,245170,11596173,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Plutie Cutie,is really good.
,Recommended,245170,7737627,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Kangaroodle,This game is amazing.  Buxom anime girls kicking the snot out of eachother is always a winning combination.
,Recommended,245170,15019791,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Dr. Oddwin,"Incredible fighting game ! That's the first time I am so much enjoyed with one of these games, all characters are perfectly balanced, designed, and have a really unique playstyle and personality."
,Recommended,245170,22350340,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,TheTeaBrewer,"Tell me if there is anything wrong with this review and I'll be sure to change itThis review is from the heart so its bound to be long as hellSkullgirls is a 2D fighting game in which every single penny is worth it's purchase price.This game was my first fighting game of this stature and probably THE best game for anyone wanting to get into the genre(We'll cover this later)The games first impression is a solid one as you're thrusted to the menu with some smooth♥♥♥♥♥jazz musicThe game has 3 main modes, the single player, the multi player, and the training modeThe single player includes, story mode, arcade mode, and a cpu quick match. The story mode provides a unique story depending on the character you choose, the lentgh of the story (for each character) can range from 15 minutes to an hour depending on the difficulty you are playing on (The Fukua story mode is a ♥♥♥♥♥!) which welcomes a good amount of play time. These characters are also charming in their own right as their personalities each differ and make for some pretty good story telling.Speaking of characters there are a total of 14 characters however 5 of them are DLC (1.99 Each) these characters each have their own unique playstyle which will be the preference to the player wheter they like grappling characters, combo characters, or characters that require stratagetic placement of their moves. This was a very welcoming feeling as I hardly felt that any to characters were the same(Besides Filia and Fukua).Each character also has 25 unique color palettes to choose from which really showed how much these devs cared about the culture nowadays and their product. Every time there was a color pallete based on another game and I was able to recognize that I immeadiatly said to myself ""Yeah these devs get me""The multi player is solid as all hell and I rarely ever saw the framrate dip because either me or the other player has a bad connection. Although the quick matches for some odd reason don't work all the time for me, the lobby matches worked perfectly. However if you dont practice enough with your prefered characters and deside to jump into a lets say a quick match you are going to get your♥♥♥♥♥beaten ALOT. As your opponent will rack up combos and combos and combos against you which is my only real issue with this game. Even though their is a built in mechanic where infinite combos aren't allowed I still found at times people were able to do such things (or I just suck)The biggest praise i have for this game is its extensive tutorials, these tutorials cover everything to standard movements, blocking, advanced techniques, mix ups, and even diving into specific characters with their movesets and how they play best. This tutorial is the very reason why this is the first game i recommend to anyone who wants to get into the genre.Stages are varied and are mesmerizing to look at, music is also funky to listen too even outside of the game, and frame rate is always consistent.This game is one of the best indie and best fighting game I have ever played. This game overall rightfully deserves a 9/10 from me.Thanks for reading"
,Recommended,245170,22333794,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,AAAAAHcelot（ΟΔΟ；；）,help me
76561198104520450,Recommended,245170,20437471,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Mohawkman2233,"An overwhelmingly charming game with a gorgeous, flowing artstyle, lovable and interesting characters, and easy to pick up, high-intensity action.Plus boobs.boobs/10."
,Recommended,245170,14218776,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,gal pal,it is fun i recommend it to all my friends so they can fight me the characters are good
76561198068697477,Recommended,245170,18376837,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Nihilism™,You will like this game if you're a fan of any of the following things-A very well balanced fighting game-Well-done hand drawn graphics-Anime Tiddies-Advanced tutorial section8/10 great fighting game with a highly competive community
76561198068525594,Recommended,245170,27261490,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PamFmaN,Really cool game! Great graphics awesome controls super cool avatars neat story line great game for the money!
,Recommended,245170,20980795,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Bafooba (soontobeback),"first 2d fighting game that i've been able to get into without much of a problem.it's pretty good, i'm a sucker for good animation and it has it in spades, also the characters are all pretty unique in design and in gameplay.the tutorial is really well done and got me, a fighting game newbie, up to speed and able to play really quickly.I really reccomend this game for people like me who are new to fighting games because this game actually succeeds in making learning the game not a brick wall.also tons of waifu material 10/10."
,Recommended,245170,10726436,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,You Stole My Chocobo,Bought because waifus.
,Recommended,245170,10633208,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Big Boss,"If you like cute girls fighting, then buy this game, son."
,Recommended,245170,13675381,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Boneless Coffee,"I want to insert my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥into a majority of the cast, there's your review."
,Recommended,245170,8262831,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,priv_bryan,"First title from Lab Zero Games. This game honestly does not bring anything new to the table.You get what you pay for, and what you're paying for is one of the most solid fighters I've played in a good while.What it lacks in content more than makes up for it in robust gameplay consisting of custom assists, responsive controls, and a very diverse cast that comes with their own charm(boobies). Voice acting for the game has been done on a proffesional level, and it only adds to their character. All characters feel very different from the rest of the roster, each with a different focus. Different aspects of the game added to make it fair for newcomers and veterans such as infinity breaks. Even comes with a tutorial that sets you in the right path for technical play. This game was made for people who play fighting games by people who play fighting games, and they have done an amazing job balancing and crafting what could be a close to perfect title for anyone who enjoys the genre. Lab Zero is taking steps in the right stride, a stride that most triple A developers should be taking with their titles. Free DLC for a good 3 months when it's released, and love and care for the game they created.Not to mention the many set backs this studio has been recieving, with Konami on their♥♥♥♥♥and limited indie developer funds, these guys need a break. I honestly cannot wait for their next title, I'm most likely going to purchase.And yeah. It has boobs. Buy the game."
,Recommended,245170,10571198,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Brown One,"The fighting is simple enough to learn, but complex enough to string some awesome combos. There aren't any very complicated button and movement combinations as there are in other fighting games.The stages are vibrant, clorful, and nicely designed. Usually, there are all these characters in the background doing their own things. It can be cheering you on, spectating, or just going about their business as if two people with strange powers fighting each other is a normal everyday thing.Now, the meat and potatoes of the game, the characters. Each character has their own neat personality and some interesting dialogue. What's pretty cool is that they will talk to each other during a fight and can exchange some funny dialogue.I highly recommend this game if you are a fan of fighting games or want an easy start to the genre. Though, if you dislike pervy stuff, you may want to stay away from this game since it has its fair share of it."
,Recommended,245170,13304350,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,⌈※ΔRΞ∴⌋ DumbparameciuM,"One of the best fighting games of the modern era. Amazing. Truly incredible. Great tutorials, great community, great to play. What more could you ask for in a fighting game?BIG BAND 5 LIFE"
,Recommended,245170,12131489,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,TaBaDz,I'ts so freakin hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,245170,13643946,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,walppurgisnacht,"cute anime looking girls with big jiggly boobies, whats not to love 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,12474603,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Marakami Sadaneo,"This game got me more addicted to it than Marvel Vs Capcom 3, Tekken 6 and even Street fighter. Amazing music, animation and characters. Will forever reccomend this game and will always look forward for a sequel for this once all DLC Characters are finished. Skullgirls!!!!!!!"
76561198064879371,Recommended,245170,11556019,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Cashmeng,There are some unrealistic boob physics in this game.10/10
,Recommended,245170,11577995,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Immac,"A love letter to fighting games, this game is super fluid, and it's very fun to play. The ingame tutorial makes it so even if you have never played fighting games you get the grip on it ASAP, can't recommend it enough for new players and fighting game lovers alike."
,Recommended,245170,11581978,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,WallMart Shopper,Very good 2d fighter better than butter. amazing characters and plot ;D
,Recommended,245170,8642469,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The land of milk and honey bitch,its's my favorite fighting game of all time
,Recommended,245170,7819970,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Real Hello,"Judge this game based on how it plays, not just because the girls in it. It's a really smooth and quite beautiful, yet saddening game. So if you're sad I wouldn't reccomend playing the story mode much. Unless of course, you like to see other people suffer. It even comes with tutorials, which is actually quite good too if I say so myself. This game helped me get into fighting games more, all it did was take one ""select random character"" button, a couple of tutorials, and I found my mains, Ms. Fortune, Peacock, and Cerebella..."
,Recommended,245170,7921795,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,*Autistic Screetching*,Skullgirls is a very fun fighter game with a small bit of storyThe drawing and graphics are nicely drawn and the controls are OK butthis game is a good time wasterP.S. Zone Tan recommends
76561198098263423,Recommended,245170,12307256,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Phonsy,"Awesome fighting game,if you don't already play you suck"
,Recommended,245170,13641769,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Luna,Make your waifus fight to exhaustion in this 2d fightan gaem
76561198126719097,Recommended,245170,13802399,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zimbabwe Smith the 2nd,Waifu simulator 2013- ign
,Recommended,245170,8907543,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,radioactivesandvich,If you don't select Filia your the new Tojo. You should commit Seppuku you chopstick using tiny♥♥♥♥♥♥fegget. A big ♥♥♥♥♥ fighter like this has never drawn me in so much to get gud at to the point that im modding it so i can motorboat Filia. Make it happen Lab Zero Games. And only then could I die happy.
,Recommended,245170,12973885,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Bang Cocks,we in there son
,Recommended,245170,20061641,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lycairin,"Comedic fighting game that has entrancing music and art-style with a taste of satiric single-player campaign.No I didn't buy and recommend this game because of panchira shots, flipping skirts, seductive intros, overly enhanced proportions in the upper and lower parts of the body, or the fact I can't escape from Cerebellum's boulder smash that delivers massive damage when I got caught with my assists.It's a very fun game with a friend to blow off some steam, disregarding flags that are been raised at feminism. Must play with a controller if you want to one-up your friend at lobby play."
,Recommended,245170,16228150,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,hiya im diana,This game is a piece ofgreatnessSomehow it is stillfunThis game is so freakingcoolBut this gamehas anime ladies in itDobuy this game10/10
,Recommended,245170,13406458,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,east,Boobs Booty and Fighting. 10/10 on IGN
,Recommended,245170,10864319,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sigara,It's okay but Runcka Chunk is in it but only in single player.if it was not for the fact that you will never see her  In a mutiplayer game I would never buy this game.
76561198089951875,Recommended,245170,10007922,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,FatBoy,If you like:BoobsCatfightingYou will like this.
,Recommended,245170,7922003,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Archmage,"Skullgirls is a 2d fighting game with a cast exclusively populated by girls, an impressive art style (it's a mix between ""dark deco"" and BioShock's retro/showbiz style) and music by outstanding composers such as Michiru Yamane and Vincent Diamante. The game welcomes newcomers and accommodates veterans, with detailed tutorials and several innovative mechanics that help balance gameplay.After about 15 hours of gameplay I've beaten every story mode, completed every tutorial, and started learning Filia at an intermediate level. Thanks to a bunch of community resources available, I've been able to pick up some moderate-length combos and understand how to approach the basic metagame.It's definitely worth checking out. While there are several complex inputs like quarter-circles, dragon punches and 360s, the tutorials do a good job of easing people into learning them. If you've never played a fighter and want to try one, Skullgirls is the way to go."
,Recommended,245170,12996126,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Borge (Not Black),"A game where you jump like a bunny on crack to dodge♥♥♥♥♥♥from a girl on crack, stay in the ground is not a option. If you're not fighting the girl on crack, jump just to be sure. If the enemy is close and you have no idea what he is going to do just mash the♥♥♥♥♥♥of Dynamo.10/10 would ""HERE WE GO"" again."
,Recommended,245170,28592155,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lewdcina,it's ok
,Recommended,245170,12842753,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Jiirabe,i bought my girlfriend this game and then she died i think
,Recommended,245170,21932507,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mean jag jean mag,If you told me before I bought the game that my favorite character would shout out memes during combat then I'd punch you in the face. But you'd also be right.Playing Peacock: the only time where you don't need to comprehend what's happening on the screen to be winning.
,Recommended,245170,12314042,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Apathy,The word scrub is word filtered as a profanity on the forums and in reviews. That should give you an idea of the online playerbase. lol Scrubs. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,29918721,Posted: 14 February,all,diey,It's like MvC2 but with waifus.
76561197993533982,Recommended,245170,11694972,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,✪ Ducky4k™,"For me this game is a lot of fun. I highly recommend this for people who loves to ""keyboardmash""(inb4 its a joke) Your controlling a character with 6 diffrent kinds off attacks, which makes it possible to make fast and strong combos.Abosloutly worth my money."
,Recommended,245170,22401549,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,"Hard to learn, hard to master. Skullgirls' combo system is difficult to get into at first, but once you open it up, the sky's the limit. Each character's combos are quite different, and they are all (for the most part) very varied in their moves. If you like MvC2 & Guilty Gear, you'll love Skullgirls."
,Recommended,245170,7811481,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,wug,Cerebella's hips
,Recommended,245170,33069088,Posted: 30 June,all,Pidorochev,i want to kill myself
,Recommended,245170,12028616,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,TOG | Vulcan,"I've finished the story mode in about 20 min, just like it :D 10/10so long time i didn't finish a game"
,Recommended,245170,12355812,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Haru,"I like it very much, but it hurt my right hand"
,Recommended,245170,10543563,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,🌸,boobies
,Recommended,245170,16440909,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,A-Mei-Zing,Boobs all day. So worth it.
,Recommended,245170,7921748,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dark Cocoa Daddy,"Thanks to this game I am no longer so lonely. I have accumulated so many new Waifus and body pillows of each and every one of them. Thank you Skullgirls, for your attractive animated women."
,Recommended,245170,22833878,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,spncryn,I've never played a better fighting game before in my life.
76561198040864128,Recommended,245170,14493849,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Hiroshima-San the RevengeanceMan,This may be the best waifu simulator on steam right now. With chracters such as Big Band and Beowolf you'll never fap to anything else again. Oh and there are girls too or something who cares. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,9911055,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,dae_,needs more boobs
,Recommended,245170,13965849,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,EmperorFaiz.vtf,Even my sister thinks Valentine is cool. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,16272191,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Yeebo,"Skullgirls EncoreLab Zero Games, 2013Dark Deco Based 2D Fighter.Enjoyable gameplay, amazing animation, MikeZ Approved.Too bad no one plays it."
,Recommended,245170,9727021,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Tamrick,"Keep Fuuka in, She's amazing!"
,Recommended,245170,9644413,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,decrypt,"my friends laugh at me for playing this game, but while they're playing sweaty manly men modern russiansaretheenemyforthenext12♥♥♥♥inggames game im playing this, sweating my♥♥♥♥♥♥out and fiddling with my xbox controller to try kill a 12 year old playing as a big titted nurse.just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing gamefor yourselfand your friendsbut not your grandmai ♥♥♥♥ing hate grandmas."
,Recommended,245170,863206,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,geeksauce,"From the visuals to the music to the gameplay itself, this game is damn impressive. This is also a fantastic game for newbies to the genre. It features the most extensive tutorial I have ever seen in a fighting game. There are a multitude of options for advanced players, such as the ability to show hitboxes in training mode among others. Regardless of skill level, if you have any interest in a fun 2D fighter, pick this game up."
76561198045893787,Recommended,245170,8612263,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Veronica Lodge,"I would recomend this game, it is very very Guda!"
,Recommended,245170,9649558,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,techieAgnostic,"Dear PC Gaming Mustard Racers.Skullgirls is an amazing game. It's like Highschool of the Dead, but as a fighter.It's an incredible vessel for Try Hard, and will crush your soul when you realise how much skill it takes.11/5, 19/5 if we're counting IGN ratings.Go Forth. Be Conquered. Go Forth and Die."
76561198099296462,Recommended,245170,10685975,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Foxy,So fun C: .... I would recommend this game to everyone who likes 2D fighting games!!!!
76561198097722609,Recommended,245170,7727915,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Scaramouche,"This game is very reminescent of the first MvC game, with assists, and you can even play with a choice of 1, 2, or 3 characters in a team (or solo, if you're counting the 1). I definitely recommend this game, definitely! And I promise, it's not because the game is all women (and Double :P), the gameplay is smooth, and hell, even on my weak computer, even I can play it! Recommended? Yes, indeed :)Edit: ALSO wanted to add that this game is constantly being updated to keep this game very well balanced, so the game devs are very active and listen to everyone who says anything about this game. They are ON IT, and that is pretty amazing, if I do say so myself. So if you like fighters that can be pretty well balanced a huge amount of the time, this game is for you... Just thought I should put that in there as well :P"
,Recommended,245170,18267880,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Salty Noob,"So when I first saw this game I was already intrested in its unqiue line up characters, Females. Then what really grabbed my attention was Peacock. When it comes to me and fighting games I like to play as the goofiest and most underrated characters, they just appeal to me. And Peacock has been the best Cooky character I've seen so far."
,Recommended,245170,16923847,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Polish Girl From Iceland Stream,It is really good and fun and sweet and stuff. It is the Mark Wallberg of fighting games.10/10
,Recommended,245170,16252616,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,M o r e G o o ™,"This game is a gem of a fighting game! Clean controlls,responsive, awesome art and music. You cannot go wrong with Skullgirls !"
,Recommended,245170,16918498,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,moshi moshi.,fighting game .main ini game cocoknya pake fighting console gandslebih berasa mainnya .
,Recommended,245170,16982468,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,LewisArte,"I wanna buy this game so bad but, I got no money guess I'll save ~ This game is very good I found myself playing it more than League of Legends, SMITE, Gunz, and Elsword during the free trial. But, In short the controls are very confusing unless you make it yourself."
,Recommended,245170,13672983,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Lukey,insanely fun and addicting.
,Recommended,245170,17437415,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Jiik,"Fast paced, action packed 2-D fighter sure to keep fans of fighters satisfied, coming with a cartoony artstyle and a slew of interesting and unique characters. Defintely recommend this game if you're into fighters.Also, cleavage.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,7976923,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,flo,Amazing :D
,Recommended,245170,16551442,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,A m u n e,Amazing.
,Recommended,245170,16527421,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Inuseiko,Really fun and fast!
,Recommended,245170,16542694,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,letsplayultimate,This is an awesome game worth the buy
,Recommended,245170,16180006,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,That's Dr. n00b 2u,"Buy it, play it, have a blast! This is the fighting game you've been looking for. The netcode is excellent and all of the characters boast a truly unique play style. The art style is a delight and the combat feels smart. I'm hooked, let's fight!"
76561198154171419,Recommended,245170,16238262,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Pixie Amazon,This game is so much fun and I literally didn't go to sleep because I wanted to beat the Main Villain who is Insanely hard to Beat.... Def one of my new favorite games to play!
76561198036560573,Recommended,245170,15067163,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,slime,lots of cute girls so the best fighter ever made
76561198071156322,Recommended,245170,16902543,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,kvkyoin,I got this game for Cerebella's sweet♥♥♥♥♥but then I found out the game was also pretty fun. That's a plus.
,Recommended,245170,16202685,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Komaji,My friend rekted me in this game about 30+ times and I cried so much.Still recommend it.
76561198053650803,Recommended,245170,16254354,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ensaru,"Had plans to purchase this game. It doesn't disappoint. The animations are so good and the game is so much fun! I really like the artstyle and the general asthetic of the game. Feels similar to the likes of the Vs series from Capcom while giving me vibes from Darkstalkers. And you can feel the personality oozing from the characters. I should mention the character roster pre-DLC is pretty small, so I urge anyone to get the DLC characters. They bring a lot to the table.The music is good as well, with a few great ones. Still, I yearn for more in this department.It's easy to pick up and play, and online works whenever you're not matched up with a bad connection. There's a really helpful tutorial available for the game as well, so be sure to check that out.I haven't played much of it to determine how balanced the characters are, but I do find some opponents difficult to manage, particularly the ones with armour. Otherwise the game doesn't feel unfair. Some characters have some really unique and awesome mechanics you'll wonder why it hasn't been thought of before. These things really adds to the game. Also no single character feels outmatched or weak, from the little time I've had with the game.Personally, I'd give this game a 8/10. I hope to see more characters down the line."
,Recommended,245170,15806759,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Jes,"Fantastic game, in particular if you love Tatsunoko vs capcom or the like. New characters are released for free, costing money after a while if the user has not downloaded them.I am not sure how the multiplayer online against strangers is, but playing against people I know was always fun and responsive, with a selectable frame delay.The art style is also a pleasure to look at, and every character feels very different from each other, almost ensuring you will find a character you like. This does come at a cost as I found practically no other characters I liked much besides the 2 I use, currently Beowolf and Ms. Fortune.Oh yeah, each player can choose from 1 character to 3, with damage modifiers favoring the smaller of the two teams."
,Recommended,245170,17336858,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,"Bongor, Friend to Animals","9/10, it's about cars"
76561198212743696,Recommended,245170,20324992,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,foam root,I have no idea how to play this game.
,Recommended,245170,10490497,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Gitochi,"""IGN"" -10/10, It's okayBut honestly, a really fun fighting game that reards you for knowing combos instead of spamming random buttons. Fun for beginners while still provides a challenge for the vets."
76561198011022595,Recommended,245170,15524935,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,TrueNateDogg,"Are you bad at fighting games like I am? Yes? Then this game will introduce you to fighting games and get you ready to start learning the big leagues. The art to this game is FANTASTIC, and every time I fight I feeel accomplished and fuffiled with the gameplay.10/10 Fantastic game.P.S. Ms. Fortune best girl no exceptions."
,Recommended,245170,16358970,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ag1237,"I played this on the xbox a few years ago, I didn't care much for it back then, but now the game is better and has some great new characters 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,15511404,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Mr.Oyamada,MashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMashMash...(Loss)Dammit!
,Recommended,245170,14986750,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,GumpyGoat,Why is Double such a cutie?
,Recommended,245170,10816577,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ｅｇｇ,This is what happens when Street fighter and Dead or alive had a baby.
,Recommended,245170,1486451,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Nikopol,"This is awesome. Animation is top notch, It'll teach you how to play fighting games in general. Support this. Cat puns."
,Recommended,245170,14605594,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Tuna Team and Bacon Boy,"For people who are fighting game players,You've already bought this game."
,Recommended,245170,4088311,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,moof,realy hot lots of chicks with big♥♥♥♥♥♥yo i bought the 4-pack and gave it 2 3 of my bestest online ePals and nun of them will play it with me im sueiing this poise of♥♥♥♥♥♥scam steam
,Recommended,245170,10615309,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,POOTIS !,COOL Game i wish evryone buy it
,Recommended,245170,10019992,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,CaaC,This game taught me that diamonds are forever.
76561198094679943,Recommended,245170,27020923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sagan«,Well worth the $10.
76561198070691414,Recommended,245170,15650532,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,nart,"I play for the anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Me recommending this to you, should tell you something.(Anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are pretty gud)"
76561198042563683,Recommended,245170,16542860,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Demon,Gt a xbone controller or stick and hang with the girlz
,Recommended,245170,10972345,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,soft pupp,dem boobage physics
,Recommended,245170,13746076,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ｔｅｓｕ,fightan games are so hard
76561198185238494,Recommended,245170,16212464,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MVX/ShinkenX,this game is alright
76561197990118491,Recommended,245170,13966582,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,bork,Great game with accessibility for beginners and enough complexity to keep veterans challenged.  Also boobs. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,17015877,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Triplicate,"I was someone who was only casually interested in 2D fighting games before, but Skullgirls's in-depth tutorials not only acclimate you to the game itself, but fighting games in general. With easy-to-understand lessons about cancelling, executing and defending against mix-ups, as well as specific tutorials for each character in the game, Skullgirls is both an easy game to pick up and play, as well as a well-made gateway into the world of 2D fighters.As for the merits of the game on its own, Skullgirls boasts a small but extremely varied cast of playable characters, ranging the gamut of every fighting game character archetype. As I delve deeper into fighting games, I come back to Skullgirls and find I understand and appreciate more and more of the special features Skullgirls boasts to improve its experience, learning where other games in the genre have been lacking.Skullgirls is well worth the price, and I expect to be playing it for years to come."
,Recommended,245170,16178671,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,maawolfe36 -DI-,"Just when you think ""hey, I'm getting pretty good at video games,"" this game happens.10/10 would overestimate my gaming ability again.--------------------------------------------------------------------If you enjoy my reviews, why not follow my curation page?Click here to do that thing!"
,Recommended,245170,16229181,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,VladicRush™,good
,Recommended,245170,16140308,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Darren20500,Caters to a variety of playstyles. Best tutorial in fighting games with individual character tutorials. Access to endless beta allowing you to try characters before purchasing them. Best fighting game 2015.
76561198043996535,Recommended,245170,16236187,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Hungry For The Bullet,The fighting mechanic is too good you can hardly focus on the characters breasts.
76561197993546386,Recommended,245170,16245953,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,{ShaT} Batler,"Its a fun, deep fighting game."
,Recommended,245170,13707871,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Erica Hartmann,"I've been knowing this game long time ago from ... zone. Now after I got my hands on it and finished Filla's story, I can say that this game really didn't let me down.From my point of view, this is a great fighting game. It's not easy, it requires technique and practice. And this is a great 2D game, the graphic, the awesome music, cristal clear sound effect, I just can't see any flaws in the game design. And most importantly (about a fighting game) - it has the perfect feeling of hitting impact. This game is definitely not something that you purchased then throw away for it's bad control - the control is perfect.If I really need to find something I'm not so satisfied about this game, is that the story mode is way too short. There are some cut scenes between fights but some of them doesn't even have any transition - I've just completed only Filia's story, and there's no cut scene, not even dialogs between the first fight with Parasoul and second fight with Cerebella - I mean, the first fight happend on the street and it was night time, the second fight happened in the day time in a park. How did I get there? If this is the story mode, then where are the stories?9/10"
,Recommended,245170,16275349,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ree,cool cool
,Recommended,245170,16234291,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Fair™,Sexy Animu grills Simulator2013
76561197962936072,Recommended,245170,16146942,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,KaTst3R,"Im not a big fan of the marvel type games, but I bought it to support Mike Z who is a hardworking dude in the FGC. This guy is a real community man and takes in all the feedback of people playing the game and does something about it to make the game better, unlike the big publishers who only cares about squeezing the player out of every cent they have."
76561198090683213,Recommended,245170,14022891,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Joseph Balin,Very great game. If you like mashing buttons and boob physics then i totally recommend this game for you.
,Recommended,245170,11643636,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ひかげ｜trash_my_ass_oneesan｜魂魄 妖夢♡,
,Recommended,245170,16190140,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Hamonion,"Got carpal tunnel doing the most intense button mashing I've ever done in my life with Fukura, 10/10 would get hands ♥♥♥♥ed up by tentacle ♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Recommended,245170,16166170,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Stockiin',Good game
,Recommended,245170,13745575,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,『Fikwriter』,"You ever wondered why nobody (except Japan) ever made any decent 2D fighting without gore like MK and filled just with crazy combos, impossible tactics and tons of buttons to press for the win?Well, don't wonder anymore, there it is and it's called Skullgirls.Creative characters, simplistic, but understandable story, tons of new updates, GUY MADE FROM THE MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, ZOMBIE OPERA SINGER, or my gosh, this can't get any better, can't it?I highly recommend to check out, if you ever enjoyed Guilty Gear, King of Fighters or BlazBlue.You certainly gonna like this one."
,Recommended,245170,16236291,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Death Scythe,"I thought this game was just a fighting waifu simulator, but It really is a very good fight game. Great music and a amazing artwork. I find it dificult BUT I'm horrible in fighting games. I'm just a button smasher so only multy-player is not for me."
76561198010755452,Recommended,245170,16247826,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Kapitan,Awesome game!
,Recommended,245170,15093431,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Squirrel Power,You can play Cruel Angels Thesis with Big Band 10/10 would doot again
,Recommended,245170,15225558,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,I AM THE KING OF SPACE,"I've had a great time messing around with it, and the online play was spot on when I played against a few of my local friends. It's a very traditional SF-style fighter with better movement mechanics (air dashes for example). The Tutorial Mode really helped me understand what I was doing and how the whole system of traditional 2d fighters works. It also gives you the lessons you need to pull off combos yourself, which is great for someone who used to just button mash. Overall, I will say this game is a good buy."
,Recommended,245170,7445679,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,UltimateTrainer,"Great Introduction to competitive fighting games with its tutorial. While not one of the most praised fighting game in the FGC, Fighting Game Community, it still holds up to even rival the Marvel vs Capcom series."
,Recommended,245170,13645908,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[BD]skaera75b,I love this game. It's fast-paced and requires definite skill- button-bashing will not suffice here. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes fighting games.
76561198119058345,Recommended,245170,15644488,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nurse_FlutterSong,I love the game it is fun i tell others to try this game.
,Recommended,245170,17519868,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,~~~~~Spoon,"-Fantastic art style-Technical fighting (Not as slow as MK, but not as tightly timed as KoF... similar to MvC's)-Unique and creative character design (some notables:  A cat-lady that uses her severed head in fights, a blob of shapeshifting religious goo, and a living weapon designed weilded by a cartoon-crazed-death-machine)-So many hours of replayability-(1,2,3)v(1,2,3) gameplay in *any* mode (so neat)WITHfully customizeable assists-GGPO is pretty slick (manual frame delay for online smoothness), though I would recommend not going higher than 4 frames to fight anybody, optimally at 0-1 or local playThe story and writing are ""eh"", but really, that's just something you can skim.  The rest of the game is worth every penny, every hour, and every sore wrist, every salty tear.A purrrrrrfect plaything."
,Recommended,245170,17650799,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,PowerHouse,"Really fun to play, no matter how much you get beaten online."
76561198138745733,Recommended,245170,16747513,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Giga Bill Breaker,"Skullgirls borrows mechanics from some of the most well known fighting games out there (King of Fighters, Marvel, Guilty Gear, Street Fighter, etc) and fuses them into a very solid and accessible little package.I cannot emphazise it enough, the game is very, very accessible. The control scheme is a 6 button layout, something with which almost everybody should be familiar with by now. However, for the execution of supers, you will be hard pressed to find moves that uses anything other than quarter circle motions (exception being the obligatory charge characters and DP motions).Blockbusters (flashy meter-dependent moves) even use the same motions, only requiring the press of two punches/kicks at the same time, reminding me of good old Darkstalkers.Every character has something to offer for people who are already used to certain archetypes, but puts a small spin on them.Wanna play as the usual Ryu clone? We have one, sans projectiles! Kind of...Wanna play the rushdown character who is fast as the wind? We have one! And she can throw her head at you...Wanna play a hit-hard but slow character? We have a Juggernaut/Iron Tager fusion!The game is also full to the brim with Tutorials, which range from ""How do I walk?"" to character specific moves and the many many many mechanics of the game (pushblocking, infintes prevention, overheads, all that jazz). These tutorials are very clear and easy to understand, and only a few mechanics might get you stuck for a few minutes.However, when I say this game is accessible, I don't mean this game can't have high level play. Quite the opposite.Every character has some kinks here and there that makes them viable in more ways than one, and you won't see 2 people play the same character the same way. The combo system is rather flexible, after all. Even if the tutorials teach you usual Bread n Butters and strategies for everyone, you can always think a bit and come up with something of your own.The other aspects of the game are also top notch. The music and animation are really great, and the story modes for each character range from ""that was pretty cool"" to ""OH GOG DID THAT JUST HAPPEN"".The only gripes people might have with this game might be the disappointing final boss (just a projectile factory at first, tho not as bad as Magaki) and the amount of DLC characters (which go rather cheap, and even cheaper during sales, so no biggie).The online play also has a few hiccups here and there, but if you stick to playing with people from your same continent you should be fine."
76561198046744787,Recommended,245170,14718308,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nerfthegamer,its good
,Recommended,245170,16588574,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,anditeo_t,"This game is incredible. I felt that it was incredibly easy to get into and learn, but has a lot of keep coming back to, as you will always get better as you play. The art is beautiful, and the combat is smooth and exciting. I can wholly recommend this to almost anyone that is a fan of the 2-D fighter genre."
,Recommended,245170,14135373,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Silent Selene,Good fightan game. Dem hips doe.
76561198062937701,Recommended,245170,13572592,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,海賊王 [skooma],"A somewhat new, and certainly note-worthy addition to the 2D fighting arcade genre.Not only can you tell how much work has been put into it (I've watched some of the Lab Zero live streams and can confirm), but there's a good system set up where you can not easily abuse an infinite combo chain.Well... unless you have no idea what you're doing or your skill does not even come close to matching up to that of your opponents.That is my only complaint about the game.It's a very addicting and fun arcade fighter, but I've come to a point where the CPU level is too easy even on Nightmare difficulty. When I switch over to online, you have people playing that are even more pathetically easy to beat, or they're the complete opposite and you are going against some ridiculously skilled opponent or spammer where you will not even be able to move a single bit the entire round due to being constantly attacked.Other than that, it's fun if you enjoy a challenge, and clean looking, and I've had no problems with frame rate or anything of the sort. Also boobs, if that really seems to be a key selling point for you.And Lab Zero still puts out DLC, so there's some great things to still look forward to."
76561198096013469,Recommended,245170,16228343,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DarkKielx,great game
76561198139708217,Recommended,245170,16807095,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Chang'e,"Gorgeously animated, wonderful music, a quirky 1920s aesthetic, and a good story to boot. The characters are pretty fleshed out(both figuratively and literally).I think the gameplay is alright, but be warned, this game is NOT forgiving to fighting game newcomers.. There's a tutorial, but even that can be tough to get through. (I'm a scrub with no DEX, so feel free to disregard that statement.)Give the lovely people at Lab Zero your money. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,13555348,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,GFireNexus,"Get it.Even if you're not good at fighting games, get it.It's worth it, and even if you have no idea how to fighting games, the tutorials will teach you everything ever and it will be great for you."
,Recommended,245170,10893663,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Snowmanly,"I can punch little girls and play the bagpipes, this is the greatest game ever."
,Recommended,245170,13604502,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mida,the learning curve is hard as ♥♥♥♥ and i love it! i can actually git gud at a traditional fighting game now!
,Recommended,245170,13903259,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Law,If you like Marvel vs Capcom and/or Blazblue you will love this fighting game. There is so much charter and a sprisingly good amout of lore behind each character that it makes you want to learn about the world. A great fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,13545874,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mr Kawaii-Desu,"This is a very good fighter that has alot to offer both the seasoned pro and the weekend warrior. Its quirky anime style and fluid,beautiful animation is somthing to behold its tutorials are very indepth as they teach you fighting game basics and more advance techniques that you can take with you into most other fighters.Although it has quite a limited roster each charcter is unique with a large amount of charcter skins for each often referencing other sources of media.Its online is also amazing it utilises GGPO to give a fast and fluid online experienceOver all,I'd give it a 9.5/10 but even my high reccomendation doesnt do this game justice pls get it,NAOW!ps: Valentine is my waifu"
,Recommended,245170,13935368,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Lord Nightwind,A game that brings you back to the times you used to waste playing stretfighter and other arcade fighting games. A great way to pass the time and work off some stress.
,Recommended,245170,13501582,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,brightest light,"Went online, got rekt. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,12239763,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,kodo,yes
,Recommended,245170,13860756,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,AoG Master Waifu,"Pick your favorite waifu, then make it beat the crap out of someone else's waifu.also, peacook players are annoying as ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245170,646306,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Lashie,"As fighting games are rising to Steam, Skullgirls is one that while fun on its own, will also teach you how 2D fighting works as a whole.Skullgirls is very fast-paced and with teams on each side it can get very chaotic. Do not let such intimidate you as just by playing you will see the flow of the match better for each gaming session.A fighting game where you can only get better, never worse."
,Recommended,245170,13917660,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,dragonfuqker132,wumbo
,Recommended,245170,14913721,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,XxTriggaTravisx,"I have Skullgirls for all platforms as of now and I reall love the day. It reminds me of Marvle Vs cCapcom two but a little slower  , besides that this game is very easy to lean and is more fun than MVC2."
76561198039839643,Recommended,245170,14698155,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Aves,Interactive piece of art.
,Recommended,245170,14290353,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,DecadesDecay,One of my favorite fighting games. It runs smooth and the story is absolutely absorbing.
,Recommended,245170,14227035,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Venom :Ð,Do you like boobs and panties?Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,245170,15985884,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lord Amari℠,"I think this game goes well with Banana Bread so here is a recipe.Ingredients2-3 very ripe bananas, peeled1/3 cup melted butter1 cup of sugar (can easily use 3/4 cup, or drop it down to 1/2 cup if you want it less sweet)1 egg, beaten1 teaspoon vanilla extract1 teaspoon baking sodaPinch of salt1 1/2 cups of all-purpose flourMethodPreheat the oven to 350°F (175°C), and butter a 4x8-inch loaf pan.In a mixing bowl, mash the ripe bananas with a fork until smooth. Stir the melted butter into the mashed bananas.Mix in the baking soda and salt. Stir in the sugar, beaten egg, and vanilla extract. Mix in the flour.Pour the batter into your prepared loaf pan. Bake for 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes (check at 50 minutes) at 350°F (175°C), or until a tester inserted into the center comes out clean.Remove from oven and cool completely on a rack. Remove the banana bread from the pan. Slice and serve. (A bread knife helps to make slices that aren't crumbly.)Read more:http://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/banana_bread/#ixzz3aysML5ud"
76561198046528788,Recommended,245170,12309025,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Oni Lux,Best fighting game ever
,Recommended,245170,16204493,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Snackbar,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,245170,16214732,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,¶Joe™,"A fighting game made by fighting game fans for fighting game fans.It has heavy influence from Marvel vs Capcom series with elements of Guilty Gear and BlazBlue thrown in.The game is constantly updated in the endless beta and has a solid netcode that is adjustable.Each character is unique and has their own strengths and weaknesses.This is the perfect entry level fighting game,with a high skill ceiling that stomps on scrubsIt also has dank memes :^)If you don't know what ""LP, MP, SP, LK, MK, SK"" mean in the tutorial and you are too dumb to learn, go back to CoD or Minecraft.If you don't have a controller to play this game, go buy one. If you don't want to buy one and complain about the keyboard controls thengit gud.Nothing in the game is cheap or broken,you just suck"
,Recommended,245170,16215661,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ONIIIIII CHANNNN!!!!,"This game is fantastic. Although it's a fighting game, it allows new players to really get a good understanding of several different fighting game concepts. The art style is amazing, the characters are strange yet fabulous, and the music is out of this world. Would recommend this game to anyone"
76561198096626549,Recommended,245170,16180677,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ShodBless,"This game is worth the buy,even when it's on sale it's worth the 2.99 right now.I'd give it a 10/10 Good game."
,Recommended,245170,16196208,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,MOK-A,"This game got my attention since it was released few years agoIt's a very fun Game, I can see why a lot of people played itPros:-Easy To Play-Expanded Tutorial for Begginners into the Genere(and also a tutorial for the more advanced mechanics)-Creative characters designs-Awesome 2D animations-No Clone characters-It can run at 60fps even in my potato(computer)Cons:-Small RosterIf you love fighting games , I recomend you to get this game"
,Recommended,245170,16235647,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mega Boi,it's pretty fun with friends.10/10 needs more explosions
,Recommended,245170,16460154,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,JO☆STARS,Large breasts and many panties... You want more ?11/10
76561198053869992,Recommended,245170,16437822,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,worker,"I played this game for an hour. I got stuck in every tutorial past Chapter 2 and can't use the combo inputs for ♥♥♥♥e. Tried ""Sleepwalk"" Story and Arcade, played as some weird failed lab experiment with a big♥♥♥♥♥saw coming out da butt. 11/10 at best, would be bothered figuring out how to play"
,Recommended,245170,16457688,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,josher_09,i started the game during a free weekend that was it didnt even play it but will i play it after i buy it? hmmmmm!
,Recommended,245170,16459601,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Yesss Sirrr!!! :/,"I started playing and realized I was a noob. Later on in my great adventure to become the best of them all, i decided to go into multiplayer, full of confidence in my skills, only to be shatered by a 12 year old with a 50 hit combo. I hit rock bottom shortly after that, i stopped being able to defeat bots on normal, but then it came to me... the beowulf DLC. As I saw it was free i instantly downloaded it, and found myself spamming all the kick buttons hoping for a combo, which surprisingly almost always happens. Now I'm one of the guys that make multiplayer a hell to play (But F*ck Fukua anyways!).9.5/10 will spam kick againwhy not 10? Because Fukua exists, that's why."
,Recommended,245170,16573505,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,xDaniee,Jiggle Physics.10/10
,Recommended,245170,16540303,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Col. Sanders,I joined my friends who had been playing for a couple months.  I selected Miss fortune.  I won the game by using a rolling pin on my keyboard. 10/10 would smash the key board again.
,Recommended,245170,16569543,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Tanned Terrorist,Best Trumpet Simulator ever.
,Recommended,245170,16589566,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,D. Henrique,"Amazing animation, a great solid fighting experience, both online and offline (the multiplayer is surprisingly stable and plays pretty well, even better than many big budget titles), love the story and rich lore it has, fantastic and original character design, etc.There's a loli with a robot tail that ends with a giant spinning swastika blade, 10/10 best character."
76561198008180658,Recommended,245170,16633756,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mokoma,"Skullgirls is a unique game. I never really played a fighting game on my computer, I did play some well-known fighting games on consoles, but if I had to be fair these experiences were sort of easy to forget. Skullgirls just had the charm that the other fighting games I played hadn't.In terms of mechanics, Skullgirls is very fluid. I'm not really a good-enough player to be launching precise strikes and combos on my opponent, but I truly felt that the game had a good sense of collision, and this is hard to pull off with a 2D game. The combat also does well with its fighters; every fighter is unique and has their own unique style of fighting. You'll find that playing Peacock, as her tutorial suggests, is truly better to play with ranged attacks, while Ms. Fortune's speciality is being able to detach her head and use it to make special attacks while her body is in an entirely different location. I don't have the hang of all the fighters just yet, but I managed to beat Marie on the first try with Ms. Fortune and on the second try with Peacock on Normal difficulty, in my book I think these two characters I've gotten more familiar with. My point is, all characters are different and suit different players, which is definitely a good thing. No character plays the same, and rarely would they have similar types of attacks.But to admit, the game caught my attention more through its characters, stories, appearances, and the blend of emotions I get to feel; one character's story is going to be full of humorous points, while the other could be just tearjerking, sometimes the two even blend into one. Interestingly enough, there's a lot of story that's hard to find out through playing the game alone, which is something I aim to expand my knowledge on past the writing of this review.What makes Skullgirls, in my opinion, better than any fighting game I've played so far?The combat is fluid, but at the same time it's unique. It's loose! There are a lot of various attacks (And don't get me started on how various Peacock's are), and it's playable. The game itself doesn't try to be edgy or anything, rather it has different fighters that give different sorts of feelings. Sexiness? Go for Valentine. Goofiness? Use Peacock. Adorableness? Squigly's the one for you. Anger? Painwheel. Horrible? That would be Double. There aren't many fighters just yet (As there is always potential and room for more), but that compensates for their good variability, appearance, and absolutely great voice acting.And who could forget about the game's non-mechanical aspects? The game is very visually beautiful, it's drawn well and animated with skill, the soundtrack is something I've already put on my MP3 playlist, and the character designs make the game remarkable in that aspect.I'll conclude by saying that as much as I lack experience, I love this game."
,Recommended,245170,16706975,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,🎃ThSpoopyPastryPuffer🎃,i dont like fighting games but this game is amazing!
,Recommended,245170,16724135,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Nunyahbis,Air Combos and Tiddies : The Game
76561198106307169,Recommended,245170,16178689,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Queen Lydia,7/3 would beat up weeaboo scum in ranked mdoe again.
76561198205594532,Recommended,245170,16193936,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ashen Memes,Get it you ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,16196609,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Exception,i just bought this yesturday wow just amazing this game remind me of my childhood when we played those fighting games with my bro on nintendo and play station 1
76561198041888915,Recommended,245170,16198904,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,gnostechnician,"♥♥♥♥ this game and its character designs and its sad stories, i say as i continue to play this game all day and love it"
,Recommended,245170,16180898,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Blistering Wounds,"I never liked fighting games, then i played this.It has good backdrops (for a 2d game), The combat is good, and for people who are into specific types of anime, boob physics everyone.(I don't mean boob physics, i mean they literally jump when you're standing still)."
,Recommended,245170,16142494,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Allez пойти,"There is a girl with a skull and the girl with a skull beats you up and if you stop her you win the prize, very good game will buy again one day :)"
,Recommended,245170,16148178,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Matic [T],"2d girls fighting to death, 10/10 would buy again"
76561198073720814,Recommended,245170,16228372,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[14th BK (B)] Flexin Kurt Angle,"""Back on the beat""over 9000/10 would take the A-train again"
,Recommended,245170,16254266,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Lady Hellscythe,"Stunning visuals, great gameplay, did I mention boobs? also boobs. ^_^"
,Recommended,245170,17232119,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,many sammiches,fun game. took me ages to figure out the keyboard controls and get used to them.
,Recommended,245170,21805958,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,metadata3388,the hardest tutorial i've played.but it's enjoyable with ai match and stories.
76561198094986463,Recommended,245170,21897475,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Lassum,"I could tell you it's bad, but I'd be lying."
,Recommended,245170,22122133,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Soup,I killed a woman with a trumpet. What else do you want?
,Recommended,245170,22166488,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,mario_sierraschlem,is a good gamevery good
76561198143127264,Recommended,245170,19707009,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,PIXISTYX,"Lights, Camera, Action!This game is full of wacky characters, antics, and referances to games, pop culture, movies, etc.OST and the gameplay are phenomenal."
,Recommended,245170,22052346,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Zure,"Amazing game and super fun to play with your friends, lovable characters with awesome stories overall definitely reccommend it!"
,Recommended,245170,7660628,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,JAME,"Really great fighting game with an amazing artstyle. Lots of crazy fighting moves with nice animations, oh and a nurse with huge boobs. Story modes for each character verus mode art unlockables ect.  Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,245170,16192060,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Chumimi,THIS GAME IS AWESOME. If you like streetfighter and anime tiddies then this game is for you! You can do almost endless combinations of combos with any character you choose as long as you know how to use her. And this is all set on a stage! Theres a story mode and you can also verse your friends both online and local. I strongly recommend this game.
,Recommended,245170,13669219,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Sapone Helianthus,"One of the best modern fighting games theese days. Comprehensive tutorial that teaches you how to play this kind of game and every character in it. It has really good artwork and animations and is really cheap (especially during sales) it also contains very likeable and varied characters (Mostly girls , but that is what you came for didn't you?).Plus the animator is Zone and that alone should be a bonus for every male player ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,245170,21209568,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,☆MomoTheCookie☆™,10/10 cool fighting action
,Recommended,245170,20047417,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Thot Slayer Leirach,I came.
,Recommended,245170,17515441,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Jingoistic Psychopath,though I only play for the story and not to get good that much.Are you gaga for good art?do you like bewbs and badonka donks?do you like seeing your characters moves and combos with life and originality?but srsly you looked at this game cause filia`s bonkers are really eye catching.then this game is for you.MAN this is really hard! and I`m not talking about the levels  here ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,245170,21476534,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,King CUNT,I suck at it but I love it
76561198068179913,Recommended,245170,21119052,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,n word,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing game like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,245170,21305092,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Harpotos,"Really solid fighting game, nice art and style too. It also has a great tutorial, which is a godsend for unexperienced fighters like me."
76561198066436824,Recommended,245170,19893190,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Flying Toaster,"Proving accessibility does not ruin a game’s depth, Skullgirls is an easy to learn, hard to master 2D fighter the has helped me, and many others get a foot in the door of a genre’s cult following. Including a cast of very creative, and diverse characters. Each with their own playstyles, story mode and canon in the jazzy, hostile world of New Meridian. However hostile the world is, the game is ready to ease you in it. With a tutorial that teaches basic fighting game vocabulary, and it’s character’s traits. While the DLC may include some characters that may be hard to play against if you don’t own the DLC, Skullgirls includes a “Endless beta” with all the DLC unlocked to learn each character's moves, and combos.Skullgirls is a fine game that helps include more players in a genre that may have seemed to complicated, or out of reach to people just starting out, While still providing the depth, and charm to make it it’s own."
,Recommended,245170,14171481,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ViolentViolet,One of the best fighting game experiences available on Steam today. Highly recommended for anyone wishing to get into fighting games or to play competetively.
,Recommended,245170,7721330,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Chloe (Sean),A very good 2D fighting game made by an indipendant developer.  Me and a friend have been enjoying fighting each other on the same computer.
,Recommended,245170,19447446,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,romellocard,cool
,Recommended,245170,27511891,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Neostorm_X,not to be dismissed by to be another fighting gamethe steam punk artwork and smoothing jazz music makes for a unique twist on the fight genredespite the lack of characters when first released more and more characters are coming.story mode pretty nice backstory on all the characters\just DON't play online you won't be able to move at all
,Recommended,245170,30581700,Posted: 17 March,all,prιnceѕѕ,I never get tired of this game. Hopefully theyll make new dlc one day :)
,Recommended,245170,18839653,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Onii-chan,"The colors, animation, and general 1920's-style of this game set it apart from most of your typical fighting games released these days. Both the characters and universe are quite memorable, with an actual amount of story peppered in to provide relationships between the characters. The combat is fluid and the fighting styles of some characters are far and away different from any fighting game characters I can think of (and I've played through quite a few).I cannot recommend this game enough to anyone who likes fighting games or even just likes its style.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,20927530,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,The Overflow,"This game is simply beautiful.The artwork is amazing, the graphics are amazing, and the story, well...it's acceptable.It's not the best, but it's still nice.Every character got their own history, every character got their flaws and qualities.The battle system of the game is simple, but is amazing. If you're not really used with fighting games, it's a good game to start with."
,Recommended,245170,24831933,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,das Maddendoc,It is a fighting game where i can acualy pwn♥♥♥♥♥ And i suck at fighting games. Only personal problem i have is that i usualy end up preforming hypers at acident because i cant combo well and without a controler you wil need to write down witch symbol means what from the traning courses and from my country the multiplayer is barely acsesable but other than that its worf th price. Tho i have no idea whatsecond incore does so i might wana save up some cash so i could buy it. Good bye sirs.
76561198061531362,Recommended,245170,30933252,Posted: 3 April,all,spikejet2736,Probably my favorite fighting game (that I've played of course) since Blazblue
76561198148609287,Recommended,245170,30951563,Posted: 4 April,all,SLUGBOI,A great fighting game. Worth buying.
,Recommended,245170,10512737,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,docter,should be called Schoolgirls instead ( i have a fetish)
76561198085174920,Recommended,245170,16527543,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Assfoot,"Found my son playing this game so I busted out my old leather sofa seat and told him ""boy you better make me proud."" In the end, he didn't."
,Recommended,245170,17625191,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Oniresurrect,"Now when I first saw this game I thought this is a fanservice game with alot of cleavage, I wasn't wrong but all in all this would still be a damn good game without that aspect.This is a fast smooth fighting game with a decent story for each character it also has a stellar roster. This game will remind you that 2D fighters are still the best."
,Recommended,245170,24403838,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Hydriix <3,"I really enjoy fighting games such as Smash bros, Street fighter, etc. Skullgirls could be a great example of a good fighting game. Classic controls, large competitive scene, fresh characters, and unique story lines to fit each character. To make this game more fun, I Suggest you also check out the DLC fighters. Especially Eliza ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). To conclude the review, It's fun, Unique, Price is perfect and A pretty large community through out other fighting games."
76561198039075108,Recommended,245170,26717660,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AgentX,"Skullgirls features beautifully drawn and animated characters, a great audio soundtrack, and fast fighting action reminiscent of the Street Fighter and Marvel vs. Capcom games. There's a full-fledged story mode, as well as an arcade-style progression, and quick ""versus"" matches with teams of 1 to 3 characters on each side. Skullgirls also has a deep tutorial mode that teaches fighting game fundamentals along with characters' moves and abilities. The story and characters are somewhat bizarre and might not appeal to everyone, but the gameplay is rock solid, and it can be enjoyed by fighting game novices and veterans alike."
76561198042551993,Recommended,245170,13598973,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Millitary Cuckold,if you like classic mvc2 style then ♥♥♥♥♥ you gonna have a blast with this♥♥♥♥♥♥SKULLLLLLLL GIIRRRRLLLSSSS
,Recommended,245170,14965668,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Zixer,"was fun for a bit, those combo gimmicks got boring extremely fast though. not exactly my type of fighting game but it was still a pretty fun game with a nice artstyle."
76561198050750789,Recommended,245170,16245130,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,The Funniest fighting game i have played :Pdon't mess it out if it's on sale
,Recommended,245170,22014776,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Bikkker Bot,"DO YOU LIKE AWESOME 2-D FIGHTING WITH A GOOD COMBAT SYSTEM AND GOOD GRAPHICS?..... Ok lets be real, DO YOU LIKE SEXY ANIMATED WOMEN? THEN SKULLGIRLS IS FOR YOU!"
76561198144279529,Recommended,245170,27570958,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zen | Glitch Hooves,"Considering I have never picked up a fighting game in my life, offside the occasional scrubbing around in MK or SF, I can say this is the first fighting I actually got invested in and actually enjoy playing. It's very beginner friendly considering I WAS able to actually get gud. It's gonna be frustrating, it'll be rage inducing, but if you stick it out and dedicate yourself to this game, I can promise you'll make great strides in a new community you never knew existed."
,Recommended,245170,22246056,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mr. Chicken,♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
,Recommended,245170,14249765,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ChibiWambo,2 many munyz
76561198274955867,Recommended,245170,33212952,Posted: 3 July,all,thewalkingtombstone,it's a good game try it.
76561198009634062,Recommended,245170,16152844,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Get Squinkies >:@,"Damn fine fighter, very polished."
76561198036285086,Recommended,245170,16152284,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Triggerhappy938,Smooth fighting remeniscent of MvC2.
,Recommended,245170,16154053,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,GenKaan,"Super fun and well made game. One of the better netcodes around, has a uMVC3 feel to it with less stupid stuff"
,Recommended,245170,33460838,Posted: 11 July,all,Sikanto,"Growing up I was never into fighters, I thought I was the worst (which I was) and I would never get good. That was until I saw people playing this game and it very much peaked my interest. After picking it up, I found out how fun this game really is, the characters are all interesting with their own personality and movesets. Not to mention the animation style and quality is top notch for a crowd-funded game.They even have some DLC characters which also are a great addition, my favorite is Big Band. I find all the characters fun to play, although I prefer to stick to my main couple, which are Fukua, Valentine and R.Fortune. Even as a newguy vs the people who've been on since day one this game was still fun and even crazy at times. For what I got out the the game for it's price of only 10 buckaroos I suggest getting this if you wish to do so."
,Recommended,245170,33261577,Posted: 4 July,all,FatalThornz⛄,If you dont learn how to break combo's you'll have a bad time.
,Recommended,245170,16488589,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,zerogen ★❤☮,its good but sucks cause i have 0 people to play it with. great game tho if you do have friends
,Recommended,245170,7694530,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,๖Sage draconequs๖,"Skullgirls is a great game. Completly worth the money. The Characters are all unique and interesting , the fighting feels great and it takes acctual skill."
76561198242531368,Recommended,245170,23390660,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ChocoLucina,love it
,Recommended,245170,16512218,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Baphometiddy,"This game is hella fun regardless if you suck or if you're a jeebus or something.Controls are great, no lag, and booty.12/10"
76561198043121932,Recommended,245170,13973918,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Jon Snow,street fighter + bewbs? WUNDERBAR
,Recommended,245170,13953947,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,SanicFax 2: Electric Boogaloo,"Alright, this is my first Steam review, but I'm used to doing this on other sites. Let me start by saying that Skullgirls is quite easily the greatest fighting game I have ever played, and that it ranks as #3 on my list of all-time favorite games, behind Team Fortress 2 and Final Fantasy X.Now that my fanboy session is over, let's get to the review. I will not say that Skullgirls is a perfect game. While I love it, just like loving a person, it's not perfect. Close, but no cigar. Other than a few unnecessarily difficult commands, the only thing I can legitimately say that I have a problem with is the painful amount of lag during online play. I have fairly decent hardware, so the game runs perfectly on my computer, but the first time I tried to play online with one of my friends, we both ended up with lag to the point that the timer would lower by a second after three seconds in reality. Honestly, this kind of pains me to say, but it is something that I do truly hate about Skullgirls. Otherwise, I hold this little slice of gaming heaven not just close to my heart, but against it. With my own prejudice set aside, I give Skullgirls a heartily thought-over 9.7 out of 10. Anytime somebody asks me for a game that I recommend to them, I have two immediate thoughts: Skullgirls, and Five Nights at Freddy's.And to you, wonderful developers, you probably won't end up seeing this, but I thank you, for giving us this unbelievably amazing game, and I hope that, in the future, we can help to Keep Skullgirls Growing.With heartfelt regards,Arrick Pearson"
,Recommended,245170,27050057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Munchyjr,What other game has Big Band?
,Recommended,245170,21315866,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,SAFR,I did not expect these feels.Every time I crush the Skull Heart my own is crushed as well.What have you done to me?
76561198023669242,Recommended,245170,16458296,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ih8u,Really fun game!
,Recommended,245170,8349858,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Quiet Menace,"please get this game when people say fighting game i think skullgirls make your own combos , full  tutorial works with tons of contorlers and if you have a fight stick even better"
,Recommended,245170,16270693,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Đéo & Béo,2 words : sexy girls :3 :nosebleed:
,Recommended,245170,16223638,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Olde Nihon 900,2 Live Crew's favorite vidya gaem.
76561198105664373,Recommended,245170,16251663,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,I rip the skin,10/10 would bang double
,Recommended,245170,16243835,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,xGregory,My waifu will ruin your life-u
,Recommended,245170,16384020,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DucK™,"A lot of unique fighting styles, interesting characters, good music and enjoyable for pros and noobs alike.Boobs, butts and other eyecandy.Pretty hard to play with 1 hand."
,Recommended,245170,16257254,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,bantz,waifu beatup simulatorwith extra husbando free dlc10/10
,Recommended,245170,16260882,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Poke,"Before Skullgirls, I got beaten up by a toddler in Street Fighter 2.After Skullgirls, I still get beaten up by that same toddler in Street Fighter 2, but not as much.11/10 would get beaten up by a toddler again."
76561198051004988,Recommended,245170,16329492,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TrafficWarden,Alex. Play this again so I have someone to fight against.
,Recommended,245170,16288436,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,[F]CANCER BRINGER,"i am a simple man, i see boobs, i like"
,Recommended,245170,16233795,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,刀闩ズ闩冊闩尺나,how to skullgirls1. install skullgirls2. launch skullgirls3. watch cinematic4. mouse clicked everything with mouse5. thinks mouse is broken6. presses enter on keyboard7. didnt work too8. search on google and studies the control9. go to tutorial10. teacher's boobs are biG as♥♥♥♥♥♥11. feeling pro enough12. goes online13. plays beginner match14. enemy so focken pro15. loses with perfect16. dies in honor9/10so focken hard
,Recommended,245170,16488156,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Gruagach,>Played as Eliza>Was a skeleton hiding in meat>I'm a Skeleton in meat>Make connection>First Waifu>Oh god I'm a weeabo now>Play game>Can't beat final boss.>Down and Right Trigger>I'm on a boat>Boat my way through the world.>Win game>Meat Mech10/10 if only everyone was a Skeleton in some meat.
76561198060104677,Recommended,245170,16284422,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,A l m o s i n 私を殺して,"A game that I've been curious about for a while, has great music, sound design, an appealing art style, and great gameplay mechanics. This game is similiar to Marvel VS Capcom and Street Fighter, if you like those, you will like this. I'm Glad I picked it up."
76561198114933639,Recommended,245170,16337324,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Schmuggio,"Before I got this game, I wasn't too into fighting games.  Now, I can't get enough of this game.  With an amazing cast of characters, each unique in their own way (gameplay and characteristics), I can honestly say that Lab Zero really knows what's going on.While trying to right this review, I was having a hard time thinking of things to say because all I could think of was ""ILOVETHISGAMEILOVETHISGAMEOMFG"".  Yeah.  It's that good.This is no longer a suggestion.  You HAVE to buy this game.Have fun and remember to GARBAGE DAY!!!"
,Recommended,245170,10245636,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ｂｅｎｉｓ,Spent an entire online match spamming Big Band's medium punch using different notes to play a song for my opponent. They did the same. The match timer ran out with neither of us taking damage.11/10
76561198082083315,Recommended,245170,12214420,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ParaÐox,Butiful super fun game.
,Recommended,245170,15990779,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Please Dont Join Nearby,"im terrible at fighting games, but the characters are all really cute and the animation is really nice, and it has a lot of tutorials for thingsalso when you play online you can get a firsthand view at what it feels like to be zero-deathed"
76561198197104813,Recommended,245170,16395159,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ham #TF2SP,What a great pantyshot simulator.This is actually a feminist game.
,Recommended,245170,9443350,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,lil coccyx骨,"I believe you should buy this game right now. It's great, but complicated. Online play will see you crushed by a 50x combo, but the singleplayer is just as good, and if you keep upping the difficulty, you may have an actual chance in multiplayer. This game is also better with a controller because of crazy 360 joystick combos. But with practice(A LOT OF PRACTICE), you may pull off a 360 combo with your arrow keys. The constant patches and the new upcoming DLC characters(Which will be free if you buy the game before they're released)are more reasons to buy this game. And even if you don't buy the game in time, I think you should still get at least 1 DLC. I bought Squigly for 5 bucks, and that'll probably be the price for future DLC characters. ( You know, after they're FREE) This was a long review, but in short, this is a cheap Indie game that's worth the 15 dollars. 10/10."
,Recommended,245170,19019989,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,🎃 HatlessSpook 🎃,"Amazing Game, both for Low end and High end PC's, tested it on my AlienWare PC and Acer Aspire,Briliant game to play when on the plane (like i did) and play 15 hours full of SkullGirls.Buying this will not dissapoint you"
,Recommended,245170,14935996,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,six is diiiiiiiicks,I thought i was decent at  this game. Then i played online.
,Recommended,245170,14495485,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jbcold,A fantastic game with characters I actually care about. While I sometimes find the team mechanics a bit awkward I don't have much to complain about with this game. Very fun and I love the squigly DLC.
,Recommended,245170,12382265,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,(｡･ｘ･)つ kisu_odd,Fanservice: The fighting game.
76561198121585471,Recommended,245170,14891079,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ripcardo,super cute easy to pick up but hard to master figthing game! 10/10 would stare at characters for hours on end
76561198039864861,Recommended,245170,14850400,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,AstroDudeAJ,I started to get used to the cast and how they played after the 3rd hour. 50 later....My Arcade stick is also mastered ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,245170,15419766,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Vujuu в¢,Boobs
,Recommended,245170,15459989,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Potato Sandwich,I suck at Street Fighter but I'm pretty good at this game...... without button mashing.
,Recommended,245170,12978311,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RadKennster,This game got me into Fighters. Easy to learn and super fun.I even have fun getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked online.10/10
,Recommended,245170,13662976,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[Sun_Bro] Lemx,♥♥♥♥♥!!
,Recommended,245170,10646711,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Brother Bane,It's boner fuel
76561198042060654,Recommended,245170,11744568,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Kaibee,salty a f worth every penny
,Recommended,245170,14458277,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BOTlore,"Short Review:You can beat up a giant cyborg saxophone man as a depraved bisexual ninja surgeon.Buy this game if you like fast-paced fighting games with MVC-like gameplay.Do not buy this game if you do not like gratuitous fanservice and boobs. (Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you not like that anyway?)Long Review:Skullgirls is a fighting game about having a stupid plot, it's absolutely ridiculous, the gameplay on the other hand is absolutely fantastic, being a Marvel-like fighter without the ridiculously broken characters that the community would curse at you for using, having a anti-infinite combo system that checks if people are using the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over in a single combo and tells them to ♥♥♥♥ off if they are, and allowing to choose between one, two or three characters on your team, allowing you to play the way you like and not punishing you for not being able to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥right with the other characters.The graphic style is anime-ish, and looks nice, the game also uses actual drawings as sprites and not models or...sprites, which looks even nicer when you notice that the game actually pays attention to lighting, darkening the characters when they get closer to darker places.The soundtrack ♥♥♥♥ing rocks, tell your kids to stay away from this game, there is too much SAXual content, your kids will end up JAZZing unintentionally all over the place due to this.Overall I give this game a Stylish/Fancy.(Refer to the game's combo names.)"
76561198051361002,Recommended,245170,16067848,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Skelebro,"what other game can you fight as a 1920's cartoon character, a robocop ripoff made out of brass instruments, and a ninja nurse?"
76561198041835319,Recommended,245170,14588176,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,EpeeSteven,"Now before I get started I would like to say that I don't play that many fighting games on a competative level aside from Smash Bros. I've played games like MvC3, Ki, and Mk9, which are all good but eventually got stale to me. So why in the holy f**k do I love Skullgirls so much?!?!  Skullgirls is an interesting one. It's like any normal fighting game, but with waifus. I'm not too sure what more of an explenation you would want but I think that's a good place to start. So what makes skullgirls so amazing? Well that would be everything, which currently includes intuitive gameplay, beautiful hand drawn visuals, an increadible and catchy soundtrack, it's easy to play but is complex enough to be mastered, brief, but interesting story modes for each character, a very in depth tutorial , TONS of lore, multiple clever references to memes and other games, fanservice, flashy and awe inspireing supermoves, the big middle finger to physics, and last but certainly not least, a cast of increadibly interesting and likeable characters. Seriously there is not one character in this game that I dont like to some extent, and while you could argue that this is because the roster is rather small (8 characters normally) this is more or less because it features DLC that adds in an extra 4 characters, with more constantly being made. Sooo yeah, Skullgirls. It's a great game with great developers, and a great fanbase. And it's only 15$, what more could you ask for? An outstanding 9/10 in my book."
,Recommended,245170,15260455,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Hex Maniac Lillith,"Whilst i only played this during the free event years ago. i found it to be a good game, Good characters, great artwork and controls as tight as most of the character's clothes, Skullgirls makes a great addition to anyone's Steam Library"
,Recommended,245170,13784193,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Diego Brando,"Great art and character design, and fun gameplay (even for a button masher like me). Really fun overall."
,Recommended,245170,16446871,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,N∀OKI,"Amazing, simply amazing."
76561198145456491,Recommended,245170,16553131,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Epicandetc,Big Boobs and Button Mashing10/10
76561198107903261,Recommended,245170,16837461,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Silence of Aran,fun
,Recommended,245170,8409582,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kamil 'ring,"I absolutely love skullgirls. The storyline is well-developed and I've caught myself whistling some of its music every so often. I don't recommend playing online unless you want to be destroyed faster than a jar of Nutella: the players are really tough. Playing with my friend sammich, I've been entertained for hours on end. This game is a must for any fighting game players."
,Recommended,245170,7699740,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Salvadoran Sasquatch,Now I can tell my Steam friends what I masturbate to.
,Recommended,245170,8125931,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Not Wolfjob,"Wow, is this game addicting! This is great game for anyone who wants to make an introduction into fighting games or for the type who's had long experience in the genre. I can confidently say I don't regret my purchase and can't wait to see future updates for new characters, gameplay, as well as storyline! Furthermore, I can't say I can get enough of the hand drawn animation and 2D art style!"
76561198047456543,Recommended,245170,8126206,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Barkley,Very good fighting game; Netcode is good even against other countries if they dont have potato internet. I swear it's about the fighting and not the boobs.
76561198176061846,Recommended,245170,31051871,Posted: 9 April,all,98Peanuts,Its a fighting game and the controls are smooth thats all you need.
,Recommended,245170,8979247,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Cobemonkey,Gooderest game
,Recommended,245170,8463600,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Strongest Baka⑨,THE HAND-DRAWN QUALITY HNNNNNG
,Recommended,245170,16909664,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Philbenson,"One of the best fighting games out there, and it's only for a cheap indie game price. why not buy it?"
,Recommended,245170,16993708,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,FourthRhyme,"""You can haz cheezburger.""""That's racist!"""
,Recommended,245170,17099752,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Ophys,"Good fighting game. Very deep and complex, with great... animation... I may have only played 4 hours, but I tell ya, I recommend this game highly if you like fighting games. And waifus. There are many waifus in this game.But the only good one is Squigly."
,Recommended,245170,17340607,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Drakferatu,Better than Mortal Kombat X.
,Recommended,245170,17388584,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,GANGSTER COMPUTER GOD COMMUNISM,"Came here for nurse,Stayed here to make my friends salty as Eliza."
,Recommended,245170,17151047,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Katyusha,"You know what mate, I bought this game because it was in 80% sale. I only play this game to see Ahegao faces and oppais. That explains everything 10/10."
,Recommended,245170,17479771,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,TOM CRUISE,"great fg, buy on promo and fite me"
76561198087781649,Recommended,245170,17494438,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Loremaster Buelacoco,So fast paced your not gonna have time to use your other hand.
76561198003838639,Recommended,245170,19956143,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ミル・ウイルム,"I ♥♥♥♥ing hate Marie.The game is great though. Seriously, you should get it.+Very detailed turtorial.+Nice story.+Several characters with different playstyles.+Smooth animation, good art style.+After playing this game your arms will start growing out of your shoulders instead of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245170,19734677,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ModeratelyMadMoxxi™,"I tought myself how to play a fighting game with a keyboard.If that doesn't tell you the game is good, I don't know what will."
76561198044140048,Recommended,245170,18883976,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,=(e)= Spat856,"Skullgirls plays and feels like Marvel vs Capcom 2, but with A TON of fan service.In my opinion this game could have toned down on this aspect because at first, I wasn't going to buy this game because I thought it was just another ""Sexy Fighting Game"" to appeal to horny old men. But I am glad I gave Skullgirls a chance, because I have never had this much fun playing a fighting game in YEARS!Looking past the fan service and over sexualization of the female characters, the sprites in this game look amazing and bleeds personality in every single frame.The single player mode isn't really worth getting but the multiplayer is to die for! I don't know how the Devs did it but no matter who I play the matches play fluently. Skullgirls plays so smooth that you'll forget that you're playing online when beating the crap out of your friends and strangers alike with little to no latency.All out Skullgirls is a fantastic fighting game and is a MUST HAVE!!"
,Recommended,245170,14552733,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Durrsly,"I love fighting games. I may not be good enough to pull off really long combos, but I can still appreciate a good brawler, especially with friends. This is one of the finest fighting games I have ever played. Each character has their own playstyle, and when combined with the team system can unleash devastating attacks and combos. I should know, I get destroyed online this way against the few people that play online. The artwork is gorgeous. The backgrounds and characters are filled with personality and charm. The music is just as good, with each track being great to listen to, even through the sounds of battle and my frustration when playing online.I'm glad to have given Lab Zero extra money because they care about their players, and the DLC is great, it's even free for a while after it comes out so I'll be able to instantly pick up the upcoming characters. Big Band is my favorite character, as a character and to play as."
,Recommended,245170,18139579,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,pikroid,I only bought this to have a throwback to street fighter i swear
76561198119758582,Recommended,245170,13148960,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,President Pres,Probably one of the best fighting games on Steam.
,Recommended,245170,13677045,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,boyfriend,"The reason I am not a big fan of 2D fighting games is because i suck at them, but this one is fun to play. Also I love the character designs."
76561198073855955,Recommended,245170,13954390,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,EyeScream,The animation on the characters are  spot on and its a fun fighting game definitely worth the time and money
76561198161181686,Recommended,245170,32944500,Posted: 28 June,all,Battler,It has jojo refrences good enough for me
,Recommended,245170,32972158,Posted: 28 June,all,[SWS!] the infant killer,waifu wars
,Recommended,245170,22270997,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,WTD-who,"(TLDR: Fun fighting game with wishing hearts 8.9/10 or a 3.7/5)==========================================================---------------------------------------OVERVIEW-------------------------------------==========================================================Skullgirls is a fun 2d fighting game that has a story mode where you unlock characters and the person you play has a wish for the skull heart to grant. You can also play it with a gamepad and your friends too, the stories are pretty cool and reasonalbly short since there are quite a few characters you play as.==========================================================---------------------------------------GAMEPLAY-------------------------------------==========================================================The battles are fun and kinda quick too, the combos are cool and link up nicely, theres also a mode where you can have 3 characters and switch out at any time which is fun to do combos with. You have special attacks where it says some words on the screen and then you do your attack, its a normal move but when the bar fills up you do your special moves instead of the normal moves.==========================================================---------------------------------------RATING----------------------------------------==========================================================This has to be a 8/10 its very fun and a good game to play if your internet goes off? well yeah 8.9/10 3.7/5"
76561198262824943,Recommended,245170,28612691,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,nigmachangeling,Scantily clad women and a rocking soundtrack. Whats not to love?
76561198045022772,Recommended,245170,27549793,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Orangie翔,Cute girls 10/10
76561198281166620,Recommended,245170,27985887,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xyro,"Such a great game. This is the first fighting game i have ever played, and I love it ^w^"
,Recommended,245170,14668167,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,MrFluffySavage,Its ♥♥♥♥ing Beautiful
,Recommended,245170,17273480,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,vese,Basically just Mario 64.
,Recommended,245170,19049613,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Postmodern Memes,"Fantastic game, DLC totally worth it, but be warned, not easy"
76561198098446171,Recommended,245170,9075545,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"One of my favorite 2-D fighters with well done, hand drawn characters and animations. The rooster consists of (at the moment) an all female cast that are unique fighters in their own way. No one character feels like a clone of each other and has a very distinct, over the top fighting style. The best feature of this game by far is the in game tutorial which teaches the player literally EVERYTHING about the game mechanics and character abilities. I have not seen a tutorial that thorough since DBZBT3 for the ps2. The combat is very fluid and responsive and as far as I can tell all the characters feel balanced. There isn't one overpowered character that just gets mained for the sake of winning ( looking at you UMVC3 cough wesker cough) so its entirely possible to play competitively with your favorite character ( my case squigly, fillia and peacock). I recommend it for anyone looking for a new fighter game or new players who want to learn general fighting game mechanics.  8/10."
,Recommended,245170,18544285,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,CyberBinary,"I have previously written a review for this game but I think it's time to make a new one. My goal is to make this easy to understand at a glance.GraphicsThis one is super opinion heavy and it's best to just judge for yourself.+Character sprites- The characters are all well drawn and stand out from everything on the screen. There are a ton of colors to choose from (over 20 per character) and many are references to other characters. The fanservice in this game can be seen as excessive, but I don't care about it or notice it much.+Stages- The stages, for the most part, look great. The stages are somewhat 3D (which can be changed in the options) but it isn't super noticeable. They all look like they were designed with a purpose; they don't look like they were just thrown in. Another good thing about the stages is that they never distract me from the game.+Animation- Everything is super well animated in this game. The attacks always look smooth and there are no animation-hitbox oddities such as the super large Street Fighter II Shoryuken hitbox.Gameplay+Team size selection- Skullgirls allows you to select the number of characters are on your team. Single character teams are viable in this game because each character in a multiple character team is weakened based on the team size.+Overall game feel- Everything in this game feels crisp and responsive. This is personal opinion, but it is one of the best feeling fighting games I've ever played.+Infinite Combo Prevention System- This game has a mechanic where it detects when the opponent is doing an infinite combo and allows the other player to break free. Because of this, one combo doesn't mean a immediate loss.+Assist selection- When selecting your characters, you can input normals and specials as assist moves. Since these aren't new moves, you will immediately know how they work. It also provides for options that are fun to test out.Tools for New Players+Great tutorial- The tutorial teaches you mechanics that are used in many other fighting games. There is also a section that teaches about each character individually.+Team selection makes the game easy to get into- You don't have to learn more than one character to start playing this game.+Great training room- Things like slow motion and showing hitboxes make it easy to understand the game's mechanics.+360 Detection- When doing a 360 motion, the game will prevent you from jumping during it.Concluding StatementsThis is one of the best fighting games I have ever played. I know that it won't be to everyone's tastes, but I find it very hard to think of places where this game is lacking. Many of the problems that people had were ironed out by the developers who continue to work on this game.  If you like games such as Marvel vs Capcom you are going to want to check this one out.If you are new to the fighting game genre and are interested in getting better, BUY THIS GAME!Just keep your expections high because this game is sure to surpass them."
,Recommended,245170,20243869,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SPOOKY TURTLE,play the game with only the grunts then get some paper towels
,Recommended,245170,8323120,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Upa-Opa,"I love this game, it plays like Marvel vs Capcom 2. The 2D art is absolutely the best I've ever seen! Very face paced and certainly a break from games like SSF4 AE. Keep it coming team! I'm hyped for the DLC!"
76561198081042228,Recommended,245170,16343152,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Barney Fife,"This game is really fun. Most of the characters are fun to use, the story is nice, the art is cute, blahblahblah.However, with that said, there are a few characters that are absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing useless. Painwheel, garbage, the combos suck, the ground work is practically unusable specifically because she just sucks in general. Her special moves are underwhelming but can save you.Squigly is the worst character of all time, so don't waste your money on that DLC like I ignorantly did. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't regreted a purchase quite so bad since buying Arkham origins. She's just aweful and her combos don't flow at all, nor do any of her heavy moves make any sense. the controls are lame as hell and she's just horrible in general.Cerabella is usable, but she's pretty bad. Most of her combos don't flow well, her heavy attacks are rarely useful, and her specials are fun and pretty good. She's definitely not the worst or even that bad, but she is frustrating to use because of how awkwardly slow for no reason she is. But whatever.All in all, sans the first two characters I've mentioned (Especially mother♥♥♥♥ing squigly) the game is great. I suggest getting it. I'm making my way through the story mode and it's tight. Valentine may be one of my favorites so far, Filia is amazing, and Fukua is pretty much the exact same but her story mode is ridiculous.Conclusion: ♥♥♥♥ SQUIGLY SHE'S GARBAGE"
76561198078679059,Recommended,245170,28353371,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,pb without the j,"Gaming has always been a thing my entire life. I grew up with the PlayStation 2 and the few games I had on the many computers I managed to get my hands on in my life before the discovery of got me to where I am today. I manage to play many genres from platforms to shooters, from simple sidescrollers to open world role playing games. With the help of steam, my options have been widened even further to the more meaningful games such as Lisa and Beeswing.Now how does this relate to skull girls? To be honest I never really got engaged in the idea of fighting games. My first (and only proper) experience was Mortal Kombat for the PlayStation 3 but it was short lived after realizing that having to do tricky manoeuvres with the controller and winning constantly in story mode by button mashing was less engaging then dying over and over again and being determined to play again in Telleglitch: die more edition, ironically. The reason for this review you won’t see many on the steam store page is that it’s coming from an experienced first timer. I will say right now that it’s the best game to start in if you’re interested in the genre because of a proper, in-depth tutorial that you won’t see in many fighting games. But if you’re interested in the other details the game has, I will tell you the lows and highs of this game.GameplayThe game itself (if you somehow still haven't noticed) is a fighting game but with a fighting style different from Mortal Kombat and the old street fighter games. The fighting itself is based on the idea of juggling, when you hit someone they are put into a stun lock and the opponent can’t do anything about it, but you can do combos with more finesse and skill put into it then the previouse games i mentioned. But that's easier said than done. You have to put hours into a type of character you want if you get the most out of it because, unlike Mortal Kombat, if you attempt to button mash against an experienced player, you will get knocked out in less than 20 seconds and they would probably mock you, just like what happened to me. But the best thing about it is that you can’t be stun locked forever. If you do manage to do a long combo, the opponent can push you back which makes matches fair. fighters are very well diverse with different fighting styles for any player with a personal preference and all have their strength and weaknesses. You also going to need a controler and amazingly PS4 controlers are combatable with skullgirls and make gameplay smother and let you do faster combos. So it’s best to pick this game if you want to have a balanced fight and, don't worry about the DLC characters because the game gives you open beta which has access to all characters, unless you want story mode and speaking of which-PresentationLike most fighting games, each character has their own story mode with different branches in the universe of skull girls. The story itself is surprisingly dark. The world when you see it for the first time is like what you see in a 1940's cartoon but the events in the game is what you would see in a movie like Goodfellas. It all looks good until the end where you can't trust your friends. If the game secretly slips in the violent imaginations from Neoscavenger (its text based if you didn't figure it out) the atmosphere wouldn't change that much. The stories for the characters always end abruptly so don't play if you want closure in your stories. the art style for the game is gorgeous and its best selling point is the animation. the game holds a Guinness world record for number of frames in each fighter. Each fighter with an average of 1439 frames. you can tell the developers really puts in a lot of heart for its presentation on the world.ConclusionTo put this into perspective again, if you’re interested in the confusing and scary world of fighting games, get this game. If you bring friends around for some bonding moments the game might make you laugh with some of the characters moves (particularly peacock) if they haven't seen the story mode yet, or go online to get better and make some new friends like me. If you want a deep narrative or some enjoyable brain dead game play, go play Telleglitch, Ubermosh for some simple, yet engaging game play or Lisa or Beeswing for a meaningful and probably life changing experience."
76561198054272311,Recommended,245170,20310526,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A2,Girls and fighting. 11/10. Greninja Approved.
76561198131297680,Recommended,245170,15493784,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Enderkiller77,"Has to be hands down best fighting games EVER. Well, in 2-D style I mean. I just wish I could actually play it, mashing buttons does not work around 75% of the time, no matter what the community says."
,Recommended,245170,14050234,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Nussberger,"It has girls, you can fight with them.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,15483173,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Preacher,"This is a fast, beautifully animated ever-evolving beat'em upthat's well worth paying full price for, especially if you like the genre.The characters are well designed and rounded, with at least one character to suit your preferred playing style and the graphics set for ever character it pretty much damn perfect.In fact, the whole game looks great, on every level. The art stylings are bold and good looking, with loads going on in the background, but nothing that intrudes on the game whilst combat is ongoing.The sounds and good and beefy too, so when you smack someone in the chops hard you find yourself wincing for them. A lovely addition is the announcer and character add-ins as combat is ongoing or menus are being opened. It's a minor but enjoyable part for me when you pause the game and the announcer chimes in with ""Just a moment!"", rather than nothing at all or just a dull ""blip"" noise.The menus are easy to navigate and give plenty of options without in-turn becoming a game within itself where you get lost looking for the way back to the title screen.It's these nice touches and the obvious love that's been poured into this game which makes it one the games I'll roll out when I have friends around and say ""You've got to play this game"".The only con I can think of to sit on the opposite side of the see-saw to the above is that the arcade (and some story lines) boss can be a bit of a bugger sometimes, especially if you pick a character who likes throws, as they just don't work on her.There's nothing quite as infuriating as filling up your level bar to the required level to pop out your level-3 bad-boy attack to find that it has no effect on the boss whatsoever other that to leave your character sat helplessly with her face at boot level, awaiting the kicking you know you're about to receive.However, that's pretty much my only gripe and on the pro/con see-saw of Preacher that's pretty much the equivilent of setting up a fat kid against a fieldmouse. A fieldmouse that hasn't eaten for a few days at that."
,Recommended,245170,19327239,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ultimate Black Boy,~How to play Skullgirls~Step 1: PlayStep 2: FapStep 3: Play
,Recommended,245170,7756498,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ウイスキー,A unique 2D fighting game with awesome jazz like music and amazing artwork
76561198132332495,Recommended,245170,30218367,Posted: 27 February,all,Whitewrath,"Played for a night offline with friends, soooo worth it."
,Recommended,245170,30738233,Posted: 25 March,all,Nightmare Kitty,By far my favourite game.Especially all the different references sprinkled around.
,Recommended,245170,21219597,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Mr12000,"Really one of the most underrated fighting games to ever be released. I love watching the majors for this side event, because I'm always seeing something new. The art is incredible, the music is classic, the other sound design is nice and punchy, and the characers are some of the most unique and inspired I've ever seen. Sure, at it's core, it's a fighting game - reduce your opponent's HP to zero, and you win! But underneath, there are some many other mechanics at play. The infinite detection system, along with the later-added drama meter keeps the game honest and fair. Not only that, but it was then found out that you can bait your opponent to burst out of the combo and punish it, adding a whole new layer of meta to the original game.I really can't speak highly enough. With all the hours I've put in, I barely know a couple BnBs with all of the cast, and there's not even that many characters compared to other modern fighting games! On top of that, the almost literally limitless number of things you can do with assist characters is so fascinating - because you can choose ANY attack in your teammates arsenal to be an assist. Filia's cr.mk to extend a combo? You got it. Cerebella's anti-air command grab? Done. Eliza's hyper armor puppet attack? Yup!I understand that people want to pay as little as possible for things in general, but this is a game and studio that really DESERVES the full price tag. I've now purchased this game on Xbox 360, PC, and PS4/Vita. I like it that much. If you really want to pick it up on sale, go for it - it typically gets down to maybe $5 with all DLC. But either way, if you're interested in fighting games, this one will keep you engaged and thinking for hours."
76561198084523951,Recommended,245170,21571310,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,mithvonvoodoo,"Never been a big fan of fighter games since I find they get mundane quick and the step from being a button masher to a control freak is ussally very steap.This game is the exception. It starts off pretty easy, It even has tutorials that help you take your fight skills to the next level. But don't be fooled it might start off easy but it gets very hard the further you get into it and even more so if you play online"
76561198029077677,Recommended,245170,22012500,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Grey Raptor,"I am not amazing at fighting games but i want to be, although i find it hard to put in the time to get good and not the best att improving in lab either  >_>  But if there was one fighting game i would want to get good at it would be skullgirls.The game plays so fluently and fast and it is actually easy to pick up basic combos since they are easy to do in this game. Easy to begin but is extremly advanced at higher level.The first thing i noticed when i got the game was the soundtrack, i stopped at the menu for 5 minutes straight and just listened, then the character select screen for 10. It is amazing 10/10 can't stop listening its to good, now even with shadow of the colossus as my favorite videogame soundtrack witch is no smal feat. Just go listen to some of it, you will enjoy it.The second thing was the art, the characters sprites it all looks fantastic. The artstyle is realy great and colorfull with menus having a film style to it and the anouncer often speaking like they are making a film. The stages look real good with moving parts and some with many background characters that switch around (to many to recall).The characters while few are one of the most unique cast of characters in a fighting game with everyone having something that heavily sets them apart gamplay wise and design wise. Even the clone character plays nothing like her original and the dlc characters kicked it up even another step with a human saxophone and theBLOOD GOD wahhhhhahahahaaaaaaha!!!!They all have a ton of personality and a little backstory in storymode but you will find more online.The story revolves around the skullgirl, a woman possesed by an evil artifact that grants a wish and immens power that she will become a slave to. Fitting since the original cast was all girls, we get to see each reasons for going after it and what they do with it in the story. Some are ok some are good and i generally feel they are good enough nothing spectacular but enough.The game has a good tutorial mode having a tutorial for every mechanic in the game and for every character. Making it a good fighting game to learn basics of fighting games. There is more content related to combo tutorial help in the ps4 version but i have heard the are trying to get it to pc.The game plays a bit similar to the MvC series where you have multiple characters that can assist the present one and you can switch between the team. Skullgirls takes it another step and has a system so you can use three two or one singel character to play as. Balansing it out by reducing HP and damage when you have more and increasing the HP and damage given by the fewer and it is a good balance, as balanced as can be.The gameplay is fast paced and fun, if you barely can play grab a friend and play with them it's immens fun, the characters are sooo enjoyabel every singel one of them. And i think that is why i love this game it's the charm. The charm of the goofy colorfull artstyle paired with crisp clean detailed sprite animation added to a unique fun cast of odd but likabel or just plain fun characters makes a charming soup of pure joy. Spiked with a soudtrack with few equals makes this game the game i want to be good at.*Brilliant soundtrack almost unmatched*Amazing character designs and ideas*Fast fluid fun combat. Tripple F on that one!*Animation is great all around*Great tutorialmodeI recommend the game on art and sound ALONE. Look and sounds amazing and the game is very cheap. Else i recommend it to any fan of fighting games since it is so fun, even if it will take forever to be good enough to play online (and win). If you think you wont like it because there are so few characters just play, because none of them feel remotely same so that is not even an issue. This game is worth only looking and listening to, yet it is realy fun to play to. So do yourself a service and get this game because you will enjoy it very much, end of transmission."
76561198155294184,Recommended,245170,32918949,Posted: 28 June,all,destinyyluv,"A friend introduced me to this game a long time ago and I've been a fan ever since. Its a fun fighting game, that you can play by yourself or with a friend, with steampunk art and music. I love it <3"
76561198026114713,Recommended,245170,28282775,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Maveriech,♥♥♥♥♥and button mashing11/10
76561197968132825,Recommended,245170,16612901,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,helrazor343,"This is a pretty cool fighting game, I love the animations, and the story was also pretty interesting, but I'd have to say is the fairly unique characters and art direction. You can tell that a lot of passion went into the development of this game, and that's high praise (anyone who has love for what they do, I'm sure appreciates hearing that). I'm pretty average (actually trash tier more likely), but I love fighting games, and this is a good one."
,Recommended,245170,16147416,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[IG] Onii-Chan,"I personally like this game, the art and animation is just amazing and the cherecters are just as great.there are some problems with combat ill admit. espechiually to new players or people who are unfimailaer to the fighting genre (AKA me) theres also some very OP combos that seem imposible to dodge or recover from.the story is about as intresting as a fighting games story can get, and the cherecters at least seem to have weaknesses and streangths (or thats just how i play versus how others play) this can be either a amazing or awful thing for certain people.so overall a great game with just a few blance issues but not sopmething that will comeletely ruin the experience, espechially when playing a friend"
,Recommended,245170,16201108,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Hann,"Disclaimer: I'm still a newb.If you're worrying about whether you can play on a keyboard, I play on a keyboard and have no problems relating to using it. BnB combos are perfectly capable of being executed on a keyboard.Feedback is oomphy. Hits are satisfying. Controls are fluid. Oh yeah, there's backdash-canceling, which is pretty damn nice to have. Everything you expect to have from a fighting game is there. Netcode works pretty damn well.If you want to get into fighting games, this is the most welcoming as it will get out of the box. An excellent tutorial introducing core mechanics is present. Finish it. A more in-depth guide on using the training mode frame data and punishing would be better though.This game is solid. Find a friend to play with and figure out the mechanics. Be prepared for significant time investment if you want to ""git gud"", because that's what fighting games are. If you're new to FGs you will struggle at first, but once you get used to the timing and rhythm picking up other moves become considerably easier.Game has pretty lenient hit-confirm windows, no ridiculous combo input requirements/windows/links unless you're going for the insanely high damage combos, in which case you deserve your damage.I like the artstyle, the announcer and the music. They all fit together quite well.Don't expect to launch the game, and be able to go toe-to-toe with people who have put a decent amount of time into learning characters and combos. As is with many other games, you will have to put time into something you want to be good at. Find people who are slightly better than you, or of equal skill level to play with.Also, purple Filia is best Filia."
76561198150242233,Recommended,245170,16208187,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,CrazedKitty1290,This game...is awesome! It's one of the best fighting games I've played since Tekken. The graphics are smooth and fluid and the art style is fresh and vibrant. But the story at times will hit you in the feels if you're not careful. GET THIS GAME NOW!!!!
76561198021827061,Recommended,245170,16201278,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Benjamin Tinglewilly,"If you're thinking about getting into the FGC, this is a pretty good place to start.But don't get too good at this game, otherwise it will feel awkward and stiff to play other fighting games like Street Fighter or Marvel vs. Capcom.Me? I'm gonna start playing this more whenever I move away from my parents."
,Recommended,245170,19427388,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,chyad,good game. it got big band so u know it gonna be a good game.
76561198109041616,Recommended,245170,33093688,Posted: 1 July,all,Greny,StreetFighter with waifu tier girls 10/10
76561198006578878,Recommended,245170,33591978,Posted: 16 July,all,LN-Omega,"Make no mistakes, it's a fast, punishing and unforgiving game. There is little to no neutral game (but when there IS, it's SO REWARDING and intense), there are no comeback mechanics, combos are long (although people who played earlier versions will attest this got better) and resets are extremely varied and powerful. Your skills, and your skills alone will dictate whether you will win or lose, and you will lose a lot at first.But all this is the result of a small, but varied roster (gameplay wise) full of very powerful characters and strong fundamental mechanics. What little (so to speak) defensive options include unlimited pushblock, absolute guard and reversal options for all characters. When it comes to offensive options, though, sky is the limit. Cross-ups, high-low mixups, low to throw mixups, throws that are combo starters for pretty much every character, airthrows for everyone... The design philosophy here was to balance the game by making sure every character is reliable both on defense (sorta), but mostly on offense. That's a philosophy I wish most fighting games would embrace: Stop nerfing, make everyone great from the get go.The one downside I can imagine for this game is that he art-style might not please everyone. Else, I wholeheartedly give this game a 10/10. Would spend another 745 hours on it if they hadn't nerfed my main AGAIN."
76561198397450613,Recommended,245170,33470802,Posted: 11 July,all,psyduck >=<,i like it :v
76561198325586743,Recommended,245170,25356555,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Foxyminion,I Like This Game
,Recommended,245170,28427629,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,|254|CSM,really awesome game funny and fun
76561198170115923,Recommended,245170,22406230,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,߷Twitch.tv/ChaosFusionXR߷,It's like skyrim with guns
76561198255282010,Recommended,245170,28905321,Posted: 1 January,all,Victoria Rose,its a good game but i want more characters :)
76561198072174851,Recommended,245170,16199156,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,cherry,loved getting spamed online10/10 would get spamed by the same move over and over again again.
76561198100655689,Recommended,245170,20252527,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,HyperHimes,"An awesome 2D Fighting Game. Similar to the game ""Street Fighter"" or ""Mortal Combat"" but more cartoonish and more...kinda kid friendly. With all the combination moves you can do to your opponent, it makes the game more complicated but can make it more fun - Even for me! The only problem that I think is that it's harder to play on with  a keyboard, no seriously I did an experiment and i didn't die AS MUCH using an Xbox controller, but its still an enjoyable game to play all and all."
76561198328272737,Recommended,245170,32776922,Posted: 25 June,all,Hnai,"One of my favorite indie games out there, stunning graphics and smooth animation, as well as cool and unique battle abilities and characters. Hope the developers keeps the quality of their work up! I'm really looking forward for their next games."
,Recommended,245170,33494530,Posted: 12 July,all,Petekachu,heyyyyy thats pretty goooood
76561198155165440,Recommended,245170,33261803,Posted: 4 July,all,A Wild Manchild,"This game is probably my favorite fighting game, as there is not a harsh learning curve for basic combat, yet to master the game takes immense skill. Whenever it goes on sale, it's always a must-buy! I highly recommend getting the 2nd Encore upgrade as well to get all of the DLC characters!For those of you who have just gotten the game or are seasoned veterans, message me about joining a Skullgirls based Discord server if you are interested in meeting new sparring partners or want to rise to the top!"
,Recommended,245170,19276176,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Baby Driver,Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥ Incest ♥
76561198109415022,Recommended,245170,30821642,Posted: 29 March,all,erdiikaya,I just bought this game and I want to play more. I love the main theme already. Character designs and animations are superb. Story mode is also nice. I give 9/10 to this game.
,Recommended,245170,17439817,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TatsuHero,"When I first got this game from a friend i assumed that the whole game was just for the anime tiddies, and then I actually played it. It is an incredible, balanced, story rich fighter with a colorful cast and a good atmosphere overall. The characters actually have character, the sprites are hand drawn and look amazing, and the community is alive. The only issue I have with the game is that the combat is 100% combo based. Buy this."
76561198328032764,Recommended,245170,35136063,Posted: 22 September,all,tobymeister,"great game,really is. wish it came with 2nd encore. but good"
,Recommended,245170,35173701,Posted: 24 September,all,Xylak,"I am not a gamer that usually enjoys fighting games. Aside from Smash Bros. I have almost no experience with them. Sure, I've messed around in Street Fighter for a few minutes, or tried out one a friend gifted me, or messed around in one based on an anime I enjoyed, but none of these games got me interested in playing fighting games in any way other than at a friends house or at a party.Cue in Skullgirls, the first fighting game that makes the genre actually seem accessible. At least in my opinion. Skullgirls is a fairly standard 2d fighting game, with basic mechanics and not exactly throwing the formula for a twist much. So why is it good? Why should you give money to these devs for anything other than Indivisible? Well, it has 3 design aspects that make it better than most fighting games to a degree that makes it one of my favorite games on my steam list.The first is the tutorial. Fighting games, especially 2d ones, are notoriously hard for players to really get in to and potentially play competetively. Special moves for each of the characters and which ones have what to look out for is hard enough, but extremely good characters can pull off insane combos, juggle you around, and generally smash what little confidence you may have had into a steaming pile on the cement. And most tutorial modes in fighting games, at least the ones I've experienced, only teach the very basics of kick and punch, maybe blocks and throws as well. But this game has those in its tutorial, as well as far more complex mechanics such as attack chaining and air dashing, and even individualized tutorials for each character to better understand their strengths and weaknesses. If you want to learn how to play a fighting game, even I can tell that this game really teaches you.The second is the visual design. Yes its mostly cute anime-esque girls with bouncing boobs, but it also has a lot of actual good visuals on top of that. The different characters all look unique, and their designs complement how they seem to play. The backgrounds all look interesting, but aren't so gaudy to distract you from the action. Animations are fluid as long as you can run the game properly, and with this being a 2d fighter it's not like it takes up tons of resources. It may not seem huge, but if you've ever played a fighting game with poor visual design choices, you can really notice differences between that and this. That and the theatrical look and feel to everything really complements the bombastic and powerful combos and super moves you can pull off, making doing those things feel fantastic.The third is simply the fact that the mechanics are so standard. Sure, you don't have fatalities like in Mortal Combat, or super flashy combos like in a lot of anime fighters (although you can still combo a lot, don't worry) but because of that, the knowledge you gain or already have is transferrable. Someone who is familiar with fighting games can probably pick this up and start playing no sweat. Someone unfamiliar with them can easily learn here and transfer that knowledge to help them better understand how to play that game. Rather than a weakness to make this game ""uninteresting"" since it doesn't really do much to change how fighting games are played, it's a strength due to the solid information this game can give you. That and these mechanics are inherintly fun, as evidenced by the numerous other fighting games in existence. Street Fighter isn't popular just because of the name, it's popular because the mechanics of the game are good."
76561198282850710,Recommended,245170,34826268,Posted: 8 September,all,Space Tortoise,"Skullgirls is a very clean and polished fighting game that is extremely fun to play. The characters are intriguing, their attacks are fun to look at because of the great art style and the hitboxes are really clean and don't make me mad."
,Recommended,245170,17054623,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,potus,beowolf has a chair
,Recommended,245170,30897672,Posted: 2 April,all,Maranasati,"+Awesome soundtrack; by far the best I've heard on a fighting game.+Voice acting on point.+Gorgeous to look at: unique, dark, Art-Deco anime.+Gloriously demented. Funny as hell.+Plenty of pop-culture references to delight your inner geek, without being cliche.+Plenty of fan-service to delight your inner perv.+Fast-paced controls. Simple to learn; hard to master.+Even has a useful, progressive tutorial. When was the last time we had that in a fighting game, or any game?+Excellent controller support: something that's all too rare in video games.+Combo system prevents infinite loops, making for far more unpredictable gameplay.+Couldn't find a single review among over eleven thousand with anyone criticizing the AI. How rare is that for a recent fighting game?Would heartily recommend.Looking likely to be my favorite fighting game of the past few years; possibly of all time!"
,Recommended,245170,33445409,Posted: 10 July,all,【ELITE✧Elder】,"This game has the greatest tutorial of all time, not just teaching you how to play this game, but giving solid tips on fighting games in general, it will teach you things you can apply to all other fighters, like SF or MK. I have two problems with this game, all normals can be linked into a combo, and combos last too long. It feels like if you hit someone you have a gaurenteed combo, and you can just wail on them for ever, being the combo-er feels like repeating the same combo over and over, and being the combo-ee feels like you could put your controller down and get a pizza by the time your opponent is done. The characters are awesome and deep, the stories make you feel for each character individually. The 2nd Encore dlc gives the story voices, something i think shouldve been there already, and includes all the dlc characters and colors. The dlc characters feel unbalanced, having too many strong options. Specifically i have a disliking for big band and Beowolf, big band is terribly boring to fight and feels like he just does too much damage, the combo potential on him is barely and upside against a good player. Beowolf feels monotonous to fight, having to sit through many pick up grabs and giant chair hitboxes, its just not so much fun. Overall the game is super fun and handles amazingly. 7/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,245170,30533204,Posted: 15 March,all,GabeMaye,"Wonderful spritework and smoothly animated. Lovely jazzy soundtrack and memorable characters, though a bit short on the cast. Quality over quantity.The game's practice mode has lots of option like stun duration, hitboxes, hurtboxes among other common ones. The game feels balanced in my opinion.Definetly a good 2d fighting game for the general enthusiast of the genre"
,Recommended,245170,30183733,Posted: 25 February,all,Cyb3r's Lolis,"AmazingThis game is amazing on many levels.The art, voice, music, etc.I played this over a while now, seeing this game grow from the classical Concept art until now.The story lines, charecters, are greatly told.I played all the game modes and played all the story lines out.I can say this is greatly well done and cant wait until more art, story line, and other features come out."
76561198050096133,Recommended,245170,30761179,Posted: 26 March,all,Satyricon,Skullgirls is a game that I recommend because: (Nipple Shot )...Good 2d fighter:it has multiplayer modeit has a great soundtrackit has full controller supportit is funnyit has a very good conceptEnjoy!
,Recommended,245170,30782356,Posted: 27 March,all,BunBun,"It's just too good.I was expecting a bad game full of fanservice: I was so wrong.The gameplay isfreakinggood, the characters designs are just on point, the soundtrack is just perfect and sincerely the history mode isAMAZING.I'd totally recommend it!"
,Recommended,245170,30890867,Posted: 1 April,all,dende,i recommend this game for people who like street fighter and marvel vs capcom
,Recommended,245170,31894812,Posted: 21 May,all,SubiiSue,"So far it's really fun, I would totally recommend it to anyone who likes fighting games. The 2D style is refreshing and the art is so cute, I love it."
76561198034665613,Recommended,245170,32865387,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir EarlGray,it has a well made tutorial
,Recommended,245170,26925315,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Malpractice,"Just a good fighting game. I usualy dislike fighting games and i am not very good at them. I don't play against others only against the AI. Somehow despite all of these reasons i still enjoy the hell out of it because of how great the characters, setting, lore, and animation is. I dunno i just really like it"
76561198157676360,Recommended,245170,32633690,Posted: 21 June,all,Bree the B,"honestly i came for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, ended up genuinely loving this game. Super fun, just a little weird with the controls on the keyboard"
,Recommended,245170,33161248,Posted: 2 July,all,mashard30,"Outstanding 2D fighter and just a great game overall. Made with care and an appreciation for the genre it inhabits. Decent selection of game modes, Awesome Art and music, great online, good community; it's got all the fighting game boxes checked and accounted for. It's truly a gem.Combat can range from 1v1 to 3v3 with everything inbetween. You can have a single powerful character against two or three balanced characters and so on. with teams of two or three come assists, and you have the freedom to choose which attack from their movelist they do. Very flexible como system that prevents infinites. Also has Super moves, which are referred to as Blockbusters.There's alot to unlock in this game, in terms of extra artwork. You can grind arcade mode for it or try to beat the suped-up boss in a extra mode.All the characters are unique and each one is viable, so who you pick is a matter of preference. Be sure to check out the training mode and trials to get a feel for each character.You won't regret buying this game!"
76561198070596192,Recommended,245170,30909891,Posted: 2 April,all,SaltySatanicDaddy(͠≖ ͜ʖ͠,10/10 would play again-Great Characters- Awesome Multiplayer-Cool Story-Nice Mechanics-Beautiful Girls-Swagilicious Guys-GET THE DAMN GAME <3
,Recommended,245170,18669608,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,BagelTheBagel,It's good.
,Recommended,245170,11022294,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Winnerguy9,"Somehow I'm writing a review for a game I don't even own. Guess I'll try to approximate my feelings toward it.I guess I played it during a free weekend, but yeah this game is sleaker than a buttered snake and classier than a 70 year old jewel thief at a dinner party. I'd recommend this game to my family members, my friends and my dog. The fighting is fast-paced like Usain Bolt playing QWOP, with combos requiring so much memory that even HAL is like what the ♥♥♥♥, dave. Seriously, some of these combos require ♥♥♥♥ing blood sacrifices or some♥♥♥♥♥♥that I don't even understand.My only complaint would be as follows: ♥♥♥♥ the multiplayer. ♥♥♥♥ everyone that uses peacock. I will find you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and I will skin you. Other than that small quip I'd recommend Skullgirls/Anger Simulator 2013 to everyone and anyone that asks, even the ones that don't ask.(BTW, pls buy me skullgirls if you have money you don't want)"
,Recommended,245170,13928501,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,43Dark_Nero,"Skullgirls has 11 girl fighters and one male fighter.This game is for people who have played arcade fighters or have played street fighter on medium or hard difficulty. (easy mode isn't all that easy at first)Great graphics, great stories, loveable characters. Very good lines. Excellent voice acting.Game play is smooth and crisp.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,18322142,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Sausage,*rage quit*
,Recommended,245170,18082794,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Machiavellism of Despair,so many pantyshots∞/10 would fap again
,Recommended,245170,10716050,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JaAmfan,"My personal favorite Darkstalkers game, 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,14513617,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Vallytine,69/69 Waifu Abuse Simulator 2015
,Recommended,245170,24469954,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,"homeless atm, around less",I played this today (7/22) more than i played it at all since i got it.i was playing w a friend.play w your friends
76561198089038873,Recommended,245170,19357136,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Major Tanya,As a major fan of this game. People who both enjoy art and gaming will ove this.
,Recommended,245170,20996090,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Snipey,One of the most accessible and fun fighting games I've ever played. Excellently balanced and the art/animation is beautiful. Definitely worth picking up.
,Recommended,245170,19787051,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,utro,"10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥, just belive me"
,Recommended,245170,17692961,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,亞 Doctor 亞,"Skullgirls is a nice 2-D fighting game which puts a nice twist on the old formula. It's controls are intuitive and smartly designed with punches and kicks neatly sorted over the buttons in almost a stacked manner. Each attack for both punches and kicks has a light, medium, and heavy attack. Each character Different from eachother and even made a nice ""copycat"" character named Double which mimics bits and pieces from all the characters rather than randomly selecting one characters moveset at random like in other games like Tekken. Great detail was put in the background and is hard to miss. For example, every Background is animated with a total of 5 frames for minor things like characters, but smoother for moving backgrounds. Also a nice thing to note is that some characters aren't permanent residents in backgrounds, it constantly changes everytime you play recycling characters. Online multiplayer is fun too, there's always someone willing to fight you in ""Quick match"" and you can usually find an open lobby in regular matches. The only negative thing about competitive is that some people take it way to seriously and either practice super hard to find a combo that will get by the combo breaking system or cheat by adding a macro which does all the work for them in order to get a higher rank. Overall Skullgirls is an interesting game which makes up for a lack of many characters by making everyone of them so unique that battles never lose their fun. 10/10 in my book."
76561198031352791,Recommended,245170,15531836,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Guido Mista,"Bravo on the Beowulf update, but when playing in the arena I noticed a few things and had ideas for characters:Annie: Obviously she cannot be Little Miss Deus Ex Machina like in Beowulf's story, but I believe she has potential to be a ranged/melee attacker with lingering effects from her slashes.Isaac: While I didn't get a big glimpse at Isaac, I can see that he has a gauntlet of sorts and it seems that he would make for a medium speed, heavy damage, but low defense character in regards to his gauntlets only covering his arm, the gauntlet also appears to have a clock on it, which would make for an interesting character in regards to flashing into the future, back to the past, etc.Minette and Yu-Wan: This was tricky for me, but I think I have an idea. Similarly to how Ms. Fortune's head can detach for a ""puppet"" effect, Yu-Wan will be the main control and Minette will support and attack in the background. Yu-Wan is slow, but does heavy damage with his cleavers and can create food to slightly heal. Minette on the other hand, as the clumsy waitress, will occasionally tip over and cause damage to the enemy, she can also heal like Yu-Wan, but she's quicker.BLACK FREAKING DAHLIA: Ever since I saw her in Peacock's ending, I always wanted to see her in action. Black Dahlia is a swift, strictly ranged fighter, but has low defense and power. Her gun shoots bullets at a speed that is dependent on her levels for a blockbuster. With none, you shoot one, 1, you shoot 2, 2, shoot 3, etc. Black Dahlia should also have other weapons as well. It says she has Grenade launchers (like Parasoul's Napalm), tear gas, which could be used as a somewhat teleport move when by an enemy to escape, and the throwing knives could be used like Valentine's scalpel throw.And for now, I'm out of ideas, well, great game!"
,Recommended,245170,11275389,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,ArrahDre,"Great fighting game, would recommend to both newcomers to fighting games and vets of the FGC alike. satisfying complex gameplay, beautiful hand drawn animation, and satirical humor..SGs is very entertaining all around..and the community @skullheart.comis one of a kind! no better place to hang out and talk about and improve at SGs than there...Mike Z is the best, and yeah..so buy it and stuff already.."
,Recommended,245170,10496545,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,The Chad Fairy,"This game is the breast fast fighting game out there. Smooth gameplay, and overall wonderful art style.But the Online is kinda hit and miss. The netcode is EH. Not as bad as say DaS2 or TF2, but still just EH.Did I mention it was the breast? Because it is. JUST LOOK AT THOSE GIRLS."
,Recommended,245170,11566454,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dr. Adorable,"Both your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and brain say yes, it's a win win."
,Recommended,245170,8376736,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,red winston,GOOD
,Recommended,245170,8527351,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Glüp'n,skullgirls more like skimpy girls fighting for the sheer sexual enjoyment of fat sweaty basement-dwelling neckbeards experiencing a fit of sexual frustration because they're too ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic to get a real girlfriend
,Recommended,245170,8756777,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,HypestErection | Mike,"Really good 2D Fighter w/ tight mechanics.Pros :-Anti Infinite System is good. I like it since I'm tired of getting Infi combo'ed in MVC games lol.-Has that Mahvel feel, but without the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Lol-Dark Deco art style and Music gives it it's own feel. it's great.-Tutorial mode is very very good. Training mode gives me frame information on moves.-Free Ratio Teams are awesome incase I don't wanna learn 3 exact characters for a team or if I don;t wanna solo.-Custom Assists are ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME.-Netcode is awesome.Cons:-Realllllly Small Character roster imo. But we will be getting more characters soon. atm 8 Characters and 1 DLC Character is cool. Plus the DLC characters are free when first released."
,Recommended,245170,14004777,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,rolen120,I have spent much more time offline looking at pictures of the cast than actually playing the game.
,Recommended,245170,8380456,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Irish,"I feel like this is a true fighting game player's fighting game. The mechanics are excellent and intuitive, and are largely explained in the very in-depth tutorials. The ability to choose your team size (from one very powerful character to three ""normal"" characters) lets the player choose to focus on developing a single character or on team mechanics at their discretion. Patches and updates come frequently enough to keep things well balanced, but are not so frequent or major as to force players to relearn things all the time."
,Recommended,245170,8921658,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,EpicEIF 「TheUndead」,"Great art, gameplay, and simply storoes, I love fighting games and personally this became my favorite in a matter of hours, I've played so many hours offline at school and hanging with friends, each character has their own fighting style and amazingly its one of the more rare fighting games that a bit easier to get into yet still has complex techniques and long, powerful combos. I highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,245170,9539112,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,[AR] Dream boy Purple,"So I've been playing SG for a while now, since beta actually and I just got around making my ""review"", I think it's mainly because I needed time to gather my thoughts about how awesome this game actually is, first of all I think I don't need to state the obvious but the art style is simply gorgeous, it's eye catching, it has good character design, the animation is fluid and top notch, the music and immersion is simply superv matching every stage and cutscene's mood pretty good, the stoty is good but not that impressive at least what's in game because the lore itself it's pretty extensive (we'll see if we get more background with the new characters) the tutorial is good I just think it isn't as good as veryone seem to think specially since I've got some of my friends that knew nothing abouth fighting games to play it, however it is a lot better than what every other tutorial has, and finally probably the best part about SG (and every fighting game for that matter) the gameplay, it's just so good it feels natural to do combos nothing really feels that complicated however the complexity in how you plan to approach somebody how you zone them and harrass them, the burst baits, the amount of resets everything of that nature just make SG a fighting game that really makes you think and more than anything predict your opponent's moves and I really like that, when you really get to know the game nothing feels cheap there's always someway around everything and it's constant updates prevents anything from getting unbalanced, the limited character roster may seem like something bad but in my opinion it just made it better I rather just have 9 characters that have interesting and unique mechanics that are also balanced that 30 which half of them are broken and a fourth of them never get used, another plus of SG specially for a PC fighting game is the low requirements like this thing could run at 60 fps on a toaster and still look beatiful, SG is probably my favourite fighting game of this generation and it really is the best PC fighting game out there with only a 15 dlrs price tag, constant updates, smooth gameplay, and free dlc on the way SG will get all the fighting game fix you'll ever need on PC"
,Recommended,245170,8441955,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Demon Games,"With the very few days I had to play it, my review of it will be kept brief: Skullgirls is a game I can go back to time and time again to challenge a friend against with a 1v2 (sometimes 1v3) battle.Characters are nice, controls are fine on keyboard (I have never had an arcade pad, so IDK if that would be better), and story makes sense (eg. Ms. Fortune not liking Cerebella due to the fact that Ms. Fortune hates the Medici mafia, and Vitale Medici is the adoptive father of Cerebella), but is sometimes boring.Overall, the game is very fun to play, but I don't really care as much for the story EXCEPT for Peacock/Patricia (Peacock's name before her body was mutilated and becoming a robot) and the relationship between her and Marie (the current Skullgirl in the game), due to the fact that both of them were orphaned during the war and forced into slavery by a group funded by the Medici Mafia.Also, some characters will have dialog pre-battle between the two of them (Watching from a video, Leviathan (Squigly's parasite), comments that Samsom (Filia's parasite) has gone ""too far"" and when Parasoul is defeated, she mentions to Filia that she is being ""...used.""). Overall, the game is great, but the story could be a TINY bit more fun/polished, then it would be SUPERB.EDIT: It has been months since I made this review, and I now am going back to give my second thoughts on this game: The game is practically the same, but now that I have had the time to play most of the characters, I can appreciate the story even further.I never mentioned the tutorials in my previous review, and I can say this in 3 words: Greatest tutorial ever.I enjoyed playing Skullgirls with my good friend NoblePariah when we would go 1 v however many he chose. Everyone has a style of gameplay that they are most comfortable with, and mine would be fast and furious, so Ms. Fortune happened to be one of my favorite characters.I also had the opportunity to play the Skullgirls Endless Beta, and I am loving the fact that the devs are working on Eliza as of 6/12/2014.In the end, this is a game worth it's money and time, and definitely a good game for first time players of the fighting genre."
,Recommended,245170,9286474,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Eithrail,An impressive 2D Fighter similar to Archana Heart and Blaze Blue. With a dark art style drawn and animated by Zone.
,Recommended,245170,8024578,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,HalfNHalf,"Skullgirls is a blast!If you've ever played a fighter game, never played a fighter game, or are in love with fighters, then pick this up.  If it's on sale, there's no reason not to.The controls are smooth and understandable, the artwork is amazing for every character, the story is charming and usually very heartfelt by the end of a story mode excursion.  Find what faults you may want to find, but they're going to be awfully nit-picky, when you do.Lastly: this game may not be for people who hate boobs.  Just sayin'."
,Recommended,245170,12988515,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,💉gay corrupting pollen 200(11)4,cute girls and some cute boys doing murder on eachother
76561198118847720,Recommended,245170,9393887,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,p0wer,It's a very good game!So many fun in combos.I'm chinese player when I completed all tutorials I do not understand waht the say.I search some combeos go to training mode WOW..... too many options I do not know how it works and the story mode I hope to know what the story is.Add chinese language please!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,8451412,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,challenger league player,"Do not be fooled by the smooth, well drawn, disproportional female bodies in this game.These women deliver lethal attacks that would leave Sub Zero afraid, but also sexually confused.10/10 babes10/10 game"
,Recommended,245170,9757235,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Grand,"Went the game for 20 minutes, but still it's a great representative of Fighting."
,Recommended,245170,7483812,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"I used to be such a diehard far of fighting games, spending disproportionate sums of my life playing Soul Calibur II and Super Smash Bros. Melee, but ever since I started playing first person shooters my time in fighting games began to dwindle.It was for this reason that I looked into Skullgirls in the hopes that I can rebuild my love for the genre; and my past, fatassed, pizza-faced teenage self (don't laugh, you were like that too) screamed with joy.Skullgirls grants justice to the fighting game genre, fast paced gameplay and combos that require timing and practice to skillfully master, as well as favoring anybody who uses a controller over a keyboard and mouse (not all PC games NEED WASD, put away the single-minded shooter mentality).Aside from being everything good one can expect from a fighting game, Skullgirls also boasts a growing cast of unique and unforgettable characters to choose from, a  beautiful Dark Deco setting, smooth music and excellent voice acting. And boobs, in case you had any doubt you drooling pervertium.If you got a controller (I prefer using a PS3 controller, because I hate Xbox.) then I would recommend Skullgirls. Don't be put off by it's name just because your not comfortable enough in your own sexuality to play a game with only female playable characters."
,Recommended,245170,10821443,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pulse,Bruh.
,Recommended,245170,14854799,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Squigly Battle Opera,0/10 too hard to play with one hand.
,Recommended,245170,10688961,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Elane»,MY WAIFU CAN BEAT THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF YOUR WAIFU
,Recommended,245170,7878878,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Saffina ❤,da best
,Recommended,245170,11295414,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ember Twist,Marvel at thousands of frames of sinuously animated Monster Girls in the fued for a relic that will submit to the heart's desire. Just don't let your lust lay you out.
,Recommended,245170,13974825,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,*^SaoSin^*,Jazzy soundtrack made by Castlevania composer on its own is worth buying the whole game.But dont worry rest of the game is as good as it. Very unique climax.New characters on the way!
,Recommended,245170,8215579,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MangoJuice,"A really fantastic fighting game that can be easily enjoyed by newcomers to the genre or people who have been around since the arcade machine days. It looks great, plays great, and is constantly being worked on by the dev team.Also it comes with a music test screen, which automatically means that I have to give this game a 5/5."
,Recommended,245170,13220313,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Fritatta!,Got infinite combo'd by Valentine whenever I went to play online. Rekt/10
76561198035004965,Recommended,245170,8341025,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Frost King,"Skullgirls is an awesome game with an all female roster (Though soon to change.)  Skullgirls exists in it's own wrold with its own cultures and problems and the player is thrusts blindly into this world.  I do like this change of pace, each character has her own style, is rather unique and each have their own learning curve.  Tutorial is very informative, and teaches the player everything they need to know with every character and general mechanics.  Combat is overtly simplified aswell as combos.  I highly recomend this game, and they have DLC done properly.  If you do not own this game you really and honestly should.  As not a very big fan of 2D fighters myself, I adore this one."
,Recommended,245170,7671901,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Sephiko,"A fighter with beautiful hand-drawn graphics, good fighting mechanics and an indepth tutorial for every character.  More content is still being developed."
,Recommended,245170,17961381,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Bojangles4th,"I really like Skullgirls, and that's saying something; especially considering I don't really like most fighting games anyways.IMPORTANT: Great for beginners to fighting games, as this quite possibly has one of the best tutorials for a game I've used.   If you're new to fighting games ( like I was / and still am, kinda ) some movements will be noticeably more difficult to pick up at first, ( like the Z shape type movements ) but you'll realize the accuracy for said movements isn't as high if you're using it in a combo string, so tip: If you are going to string a Z type movement attack, do it during a string; it's less harmful to be slightly off in movement.In Singleplayer, I love that all of the characters have their own story, and how they all relate to each other in one way or another; it has kind of a dark noir tone to it, but isn't afraid to be silly once in a while.   I was actually surprised a few times throughout ( most notably: Eliza, Filia, Big Band; at least IMO )      But I recommend playing through each of them on Medium-Hard ( Warning: Hardest is arguably Eliza ) so you can gradually and more naturally pick up the game mechanics.In Multiplayer, I've only played Quick Match 2-3 times, and each time I got bodied by an infini-string player joining Beginner level lobbies ( seriously m8? ) so I stuck to Lobby play with friends until I learned a medium-long string with a couple characters, and am currently working on applying assists.The Charactersare all very unique, except Fukua.  I don't like Fukua.   (Triggered)  They have pretty expressive personalities, with the calmer of the bunch probably being Squigly and Parasoul.The Balanceis also amazing, but do note that it's pretty agreed Painwheel is probably the worst in the game in general.   Again, the balance is amazing, so she's still good, just that everyone else is probably better in a minorly significant way.The Artworkis also visually impressive, pretty eye-candy; the animations are very smooth and fluid, and the particles are not overdone.The Soundtrackis also very nice, with my personal favorite stages being Under the Bridge and Maplecrest (in that order)-----------------------Overall, I'd give the game an 8/10, though I do recommend getting the DLC for it.*Gamepad or Fight-Stick highly recommended"
76561198091684199,Recommended,245170,8131235,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,7ZA ϯ White Man's Tears,"Indie Darkstalkers, excellent, great ! ♥♥♥♥ Cinderella :3"
,Recommended,245170,29098320,Posted: 7 January,all,Rasin Bron,AAAAHHHHHHHHH EVERYTHING LOOKS AMAZINGAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH THE MOVES ARE SO COOLAHHHHHH THERE'S SO MANY CUTE GIRLS
,Recommended,245170,15120613,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,HAIIAMFISH,10/10 characters have nice hair.nothing elsenice HAIR.
,Recommended,245170,15523035,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Blazeris The Cat,This is way more better and more balanced than Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3. Where that game was broken and felt unfinished. But if you have played Marvel vs Capcom games and want to try a style like it. This is recommended.
76561198070633415,Recommended,245170,11095696,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Alexandrea,cute girls
,Recommended,245170,25650921,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Cyber Soulgem,"This is one of my favorite fighting games, it has incredible music and Stellar animation, at the moment, the Fleischer era inspired Peacock is my favorite character10/10 its a must buy"
76561198072167340,Recommended,245170,13799560,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,cheerilee,"First of all i should say, that i'm a Guilty Gear fan. I've played commonly popular fighting games, staring with Street Fighter 2 on NES, MK 1-4, a bit of Tekken and some other stuff. But Guilty Gear is a masterpiece.I have not played through the whole game yet, but i feel like i would do that.So, i can give this game 6 Guilty Gears out of 10:+ block is back+ double forward dashes forward, double backwards - backwards+ air dash+ some chars have double jumps+ chars seem to have different speed and vitality+ anime-like drawing+ low and high blocks differ- poor drawing in cutscenese- not many characters- pathetic music- voice acting is not awesome enough- it's not Guilty GearHowever i should point out that 6/10 is the maximum score a non GG-fighting game earned in my opinion ever so i do definetly recommend this game.A nice thing is that it is integrated with steem online services, so you can find a lobby and do a quick game, which GG lacks so badly."
,Recommended,245170,19851775,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"It's like street fighter, but with girls."
,Recommended,245170,4030996,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Pharaoh Dez,A fun Fighting game that's a perfect introduction into the genre for many players. Everything is so fluid that it's clear that a lot of thought and work went into this game.
,Recommended,245170,14926005,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Ravioli (Gonna lose Revo 2017),Best Waifu Fighter I've ever played. Best fighting game I've ever played. Really good 10/10.
,Recommended,245170,19518190,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Bernie Sander is Lit!,"The boob physics are outstanding,"
,Recommended,245170,19323518,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,「Arta™」,"Good gameplay, great music, top tier waifus and really bright and colorful visuals to top it off.It's really ♥♥♥♥in' fun man"
,Recommended,245170,17462607,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Veranox,Fanservice and fast paced fanservice.
,Recommended,245170,30081205,Posted: 21 February,all,British Crumpet Man,"If you're new to fighting games or just haven't played any, want to try them and don't want to have to spend too much money on a game you might not even enjoy. Give this game a try, The tutorial is helpful and newcomer friendly without feeling patronising, there's at least one character for every playstyle and there's enough depth to the game that there's something for everyone to enjoy here.I could very easily make a witty comment abou how ""this game is proof that letting your♥♥♥♥♥♥decide what games you buy isn't always a bad thing"" but it's fair to say that the characters in this game are just as interesting and likeable as they are oddly attractive (that doesn't exactly apply to characters like double though). It is interesting to see a fighting game with a mostly female cast however, with big band and beowulf being the only exceptions to this rule. But even they have enough interesting character traits to fit within the game's universe despite disregarding the title of the game.The sound design in this game is excellent. The hitsounds are incredibly satsifying, the block sounds are loud but distinctive, the music is incredible and the voice acting is also great. The only criticism I have is that the hitsounds can be a bit overbearing at times, especially in combos with repetitive attacks that you can burst out of.The only major criticism I have of the game is that the roster is lacking in size, what with there only being 14 playable characters including DLC (9 excluding DLC). This criticism feels unfair however as the game is an incredible value for money regardless."
,Recommended,245170,29373481,Posted: 20 January,all,Institutionalized,"Don't let this game's insanely cheesy design give you the wrong impression; this is an amazing 2-D fighter with plenty of chops.If you're a Street Fighter vet, Smash Bros. player, or even an MvC junkie, you'll find a lot to love in this game. Skullgirls mixes classic fighting game design (2-D hand drawn sprites, absurdly early cancels) with a beautiful noir world and many accessible features (like a fully customizable training mode with visible hit/hurtboxes).Not a fighting gamer? Want to learn how? Look no further; I wish I had a tutorial system as accessible and full as the one Skullgirls provides when I was getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in Mortal Kombat 9.The only downsides I could mention (infinite combos, character imbalances) are constantly addressed and modified, as the dev team behind Skullgirls has shown a lot of love for their fans. This game even has more easter eggs and references to other fighting games than I can count.If you're looking to beat up the AI or your friends in a great fighter, just try this game. You won't regret it. IwishI could have this much confidence in recommending many other games I've played."
,Recommended,245170,33688222,Posted: 20 July,all,Gamnic,What a balanced MVC game would look like.
,Recommended,245170,16199794,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,OtakuBrony,"+decent story mode+minor fanservice+easy tutorial on basica game play and how to play with each charactar+online mode is fun to play with friends and random ppl.You should be used to it in a short ammount of time if you understand the button layouts from your typical fighting game, such as Street Fighter. Also, It's highly reccomended you use a controller. The Keyboard will be a pain in the butt to use on a game like this."
,Recommended,245170,9917216,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Hexdrix V.18.1,"AMAZING INFINITE COMBOS!WOW GGPO ONLINE PLAY!MOTIVATIONAL RANKING SYSTEM!UNIQUE CHARACTER SET, NO CLONES!BETA ACCESS ONLY ON PC!BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME DAMMIT!!!"
,Recommended,245170,8546251,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,♥~Ultra Skirt Fighter IV~♥,Surprisingly fun fighter that is easy to get into and has a great tutorial. Give it a shot.
,Recommended,245170,7800393,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,kevinski,"I picked this game up recently during a free weekend, and I must say that I'm glad that I tried it out. I held off on purchasing it right away because of how complex it seemed, but I found that the game is actually quite user-friendly once I played the tutorials. The game does an excellent job of teaching you how to put together combos, and the character design and animation are fantastic."
76561198075675503,Recommended,245170,8566115,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,PsiTempest,"I adore this game. It's fun, cute, fluid, and beautiful. Both visually and musically. The hand drawn frames looks stunning and the ammount of jazz pleases me."
,Recommended,245170,8297618,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AvidoWA,"Really smooth fighter, beautiful graphics, nice combo system. Only slight complaint is small character roster, but more characters to come soon. Def recommend."
76561198018971291,Recommended,245170,8422361,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nex (Radical Rooster) Mortuus,"in all my years, playing and rating video games, never have I seen a game as entrhalling, as imaginitive, as UNIQUE as skullgirls. How this game is overlooked by all the professional world is beyond me. It deserves to be luaded as the greatest game, ever fashoned by mortal hands. Yes, truley, if Roger Ebert himself were still alive, he'd play this game and realize, once and for all, that games CAN be art. But this game is more than that, the story, so perfectly woven, makes you feel as though you are the charectors, regardless of your gender. You feel their struggle and emotional journy, as well as every hit you take and dish out.My friends,  it is a TRAVESTLY that this game is not tought to our children as a form of the highest art. Buy this game, buy it for your so called friends, even if they have it already, for truly, this MASTERPEICE, must be shared with the world to bring us all together in peace.Thank GODFor Skullgirls."
,Recommended,245170,11355335,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DragonFlayer,"This is a wonderful game, it is young and fresh, don't believe this is yet another 'waifu fighter'A lot of effort was put into this, enough to level it with the greatest fighting games!"
76561198051511875,Recommended,245170,19898492,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Bath-lestar Scralatchtica,"A fighting game with the most diverse and ""robust"" cast.10/10 would play Valentine again."
,Recommended,245170,21467352,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,jojo 2 electric boogaloo,think street fighterbut with♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,21521720,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ReploidHeart,Salty Erection Simulator
,Recommended,245170,26961207,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IRCannonFodder,Fantastic 2D fighter with a neat art style and musical score. Tight controls and different character playstyles. Goes on sale often and DLC characters are actually worth the price.
,Recommended,245170,21958646,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ZekThePenguin,"I waited a little while before purchasing this game, but I wish I had bought it sooner! It's really the only fighting game on Linux right now, and we Linux-users are very lucky because this game is FANTASTIC! It plays flawlessly, the controller support is perfect without the need for any tweaking. The graphics and animation are very smooth, the characters are unique, and the music is amazing! I can't say enough about this game, and I've only owned it for a few hours! The only ding I see against it is the relatively small roster. You can expand it with DLC, but the default roster is quite limited."
,Recommended,245170,22308965,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Starbolt🌟,Fighting Marie with Valentine on hard mode is not easy. Hahahaha.I still suck.
,Recommended,245170,28340039,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Organic Matter,"I bought this because i wanted to get good at fighting games. I only just bought it but im already addicted. The characters are unique, the story is basic but fun either way, and the combos are super cool when you get them right.7.5/10"
76561198134566441,Recommended,245170,33141510,Posted: 2 July,all,A.V.Gamer,fun to play i recommend this to fighting game lovers
,Recommended,245170,16514754,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Myon Instinct.exe,"Very good artstyle and funny animations,lots of jiggly jiggly tatas, funny dialogues & references.A special and unique fighter.You can choose up to 3 characters to make up your fighting team.The team mechanics makes this game much more dynamic and let you try out various team-combinations to make it fit your style.lol even with that said, I play solo team ' w'11/10"
,Recommended,245170,22026831,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,LittleTomatoMaki (gone),"After 17 consecutive matches agaisn't a friend, my hand start to hurt, i love this game :3."
,Recommended,245170,14555371,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Cats,"Came for boobs, Stayed forboobsgameplay."
,Recommended,245170,2569612,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,zelya,Anime of the year 2034
,Recommended,245170,16162489,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Doritos~,Marvel vs Capcom meets Waifus.It's a solid game.
,Recommended,245170,19909604,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,AverageGopnik,"Briliant! I recommend this to people who really like arcade games.Customize you're character, Make people rage, install amazing DLC.Even better than Super Smash Bros. XD"
76561198038371482,Recommended,245170,4514499,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Rat 13,"Tis like guilty gear or Street fighter, only crazier! Great combo based fighting game, with adorable charecters, pretty good story mode, insane gameplay (in a good maner) and stable on-line. Even more, it is easy to play on keyboard. I recomend it to everyone, even if you 're not a big fan of fightings."
,Recommended,245170,7964197,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FFSoul,Jazz Music Super Ultra Turbo Max Edition
,Recommended,245170,7998009,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Just fucked my PC,"Skullgirlsisn't just the team fighting game redefined and built from the ground up with generous lashings of good old Capcom fighters, it has its own inspired Dark Deco culture, beautiful music, well filled out (voice and personality wise, um... i'm just gonna go sit down) characters, and a battle system at home on the keyboard and arcade sticks, and the level of polish on the controls isn't good, isn't great, but is AWESOME, seriously, it's the best controlling 2D fighter on Steam right now.It runs on a massive variety of setups too.2D fighter lovers, take note."
76561198064596853,Recommended,245170,28972661,Posted: 3 January,all,Chase,ITS FAST AND FUN
,Recommended,245170,29057038,Posted: 6 January,all,A Metal Gear To Surpass Weapons,Big band best waifu
,Recommended,245170,19403838,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Psycho,The best Indie game in my library!10/10 no hesitationSolid animationsTons of referencesGreat voice actingFanserviceIn love with the Jet Set and NiGHTS costumes <3
,Recommended,245170,30838998,Posted: 30 March,all,PyrokidSosa,"This game is absolutely wavey, and LabZero have my undying support lolALSO. BEOWULF IS LIFE."
,Recommended,245170,34766108,Posted: 5 September,all,Chamomile,"i don't really play that many fighting games, but the story is fun to play and it's an interesting premise and it's got some good writing to follow up on that."
,Recommended,245170,33696406,Posted: 21 July,all,catfish is my friendo,♥♥♥♥♥es aint♥♥♥♥♥♥but magical girls and yokai
76561198116485690,Recommended,245170,30242560,Posted: 28 February,all,Dolan Duck,"Came for the gameplay, stayed for the boobies."
,Recommended,245170,26003437,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ピーチブット(∩ᗒДᗕ)⊃━☆ﾟ.*,HERE WE GO
76561198160481268,Recommended,245170,29707133,Posted: 4 February,all,Darkborne,"Just imagine...Your a senior in highschool, you're just about to graduate, and you have no plans for the future. Deciding to wash away your sorrows with a milkshake, you head to the local burgershack in town.It's there that you meet her.Smooth skin, crimson eyes, and a body that could make a hundred men weep. You admire her from afar before getting the courage to talk to her. You two seem to hit it off really well, and she gives you her phone number. From that point on, you and her would go out for a night on the town constantly. You never questioned why she always wore a hat, but it didn't matter, you still admired her.Then, it happend, that night. You and her decided to stay at a hotel for the night, and if your hut was right, tonight was the night you two would get a lot more intimate. You came out from the bathroom and saw her laying on the bed, her seductive gaze prying you open like a book. She turns around and asks you to massage her back.You got into position, ready to massage the person you love so dearly. Yet, as you moved to do so, your eyes looked onto the nice white hat on her head. Something overtakes you, your hand moving on its own as it lifts up the little hat.Looking straight at you, was a face, a face of hair on your woman's head, a face of hair with giant♥♥♥♥♥teeth. The monster looks at you sternly and says one thing.""I don't do ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.""10/10....yup"
,Recommended,245170,30054322,Posted: 20 February,all,Aphex Pepsi,It has Squigly.That's enough for me.
76561198055368326,Recommended,245170,30388739,Posted: 8 March,all,Fuchsia,"The only fighting game that's been able to get me invested in it enough to start learning combos and all that, but since I don't have much experience on the fighting game side of things I might not be able to review it that well on that side of things. Things that I can safely say put this game above others though is that it has very good art direction with an incredible style and gorgeous hand-drawn animations, a great OST, and an interesting cast of characters. With the game being a few years old at this point it's a little bit difficult to find decent games for beginners online, however the community for this game is very welcoming and helpful as far as I've seen. Plus, the game is often so cheap I'd say it's worth its asking price just to play through story/arcade mode a few times and look at all the art."
,Recommended,245170,33180707,Posted: 3 July,all,HEADS GROW BACK,I'm not sure if I should be focused on beating my opponent or beating my meat...
,Recommended,245170,33201503,Posted: 3 July,all,GibusCat,"Great Graphics, Controls, Fighting, and♥♥♥♥♥♥what's Better? not much."
,Recommended,245170,33571159,Posted: 15 July,all,imtezcan,"Probably the best fighting game of the decade for PC. So much fun! Filled with fast-paced action, interesting stories, amazing hand-drawn graphics, brilliant voice acting...And the trumpet solo just blew my mind. Very creative."
,Recommended,245170,35380763,Posted: 1 October,all,Aelix,Controller almost necessary. Still a solid game.
,Recommended,245170,13081567,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,LadySmith,"Tried to play, now i have a broken keyboard. lel. 9/10"
,Recommended,245170,28453709,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,VENUS,"Street Fighter, but less ""street"" and more anime panties.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,11762617,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,TOAST,hey if you wnjoy any of the capcom developped hyper fighters from the late 90's and early 2000's you'll love skullgirls cus it's basically marvel vs. capcom 2 with chicks instead of d/cks.
,Recommended,245170,12281816,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Hannes,Like fighters? Buy this game now.
,Recommended,245170,11798222,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,yung gyro,Fillia has a nice butt.
,Recommended,245170,12690517,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,The Big Shoe,Big♥♥♥♥♥♥ Big Legs. Big Fight. Big GOOD.
,Recommended,245170,12576903,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,CyberTronic,SkullGrills:Kawaii Waifu Kombat vs mahvelgg
,Recommended,245170,12976775,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Quai,Want that MAHVEL hype but without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SKULLGIRLS!
,Recommended,245170,11460735,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Draxiroc,"IT HAS A MAN MADE OF INSTRUMENTS, AN UNKILLABLE CAT LADY, PEOPLE THAT FIGHT WITH THEIR HAIR AND HATS, NINJA NURSES, LOVECRAFTIAN MONCSTERS, A CLASSY UNDEAD OPERA SINGER AND SO MUCH MOREWHAT MORE CAN I SAY 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,11369352,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Cheg,"This vdeo gaym is the most hardest difficulty game in 964 yeers. Programed by Mike Z the sentient baked potato, playrs r mauled by asians online who haev pings of 4billun. The most biggst problum with the gaym is it is 2 hawt, hoa am is upposed 2 tussle whnn there ar mammeries boyncing evwhere. Dark souls can kiss my doorknob cuz skullgrilzz gits my honorrary 1/10 i sugest u buy this game rite noa, git it or be sqare"
,Recommended,245170,10032031,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Boo-b,Best damn fighting game I've ever played kthnx. :lev:
76561198050579265,Recommended,245170,16300582,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mochilinha,"7,9/10 Too many boobs"
,Recommended,245170,12989839,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Caramel Frappe,"--> WARNING: Final boss is really hard. Not 'unfair' hard, but truly challenging and requires more than you smashing buttons to get by. You'll need to be patient and learn good combos in order for the boss to be beatable.--> REVIEW: Purchased this game expecting nothing but fan service, booby shots, and a silly plot.Turns out, the game has a lot more going for it than I thought. Granted, it does have booby shots, some fan service, and a silly plot ... but done right. First off, the animation is amazing to look at. Even when I lose matches, I admire the characters and how each individual is truly unique in design + moveset.The stages range from like... over 30 places and more. Even the background people in said stages change so you're never given the same, plain place to play in. Music is quite catchy and I loved playing each character's storyline. Rather then being cliche' or silly, there are some emotional concepts if not disturbing themes attached. I couldn't help but praise each character's arc because they were so well done.Great game, awesome characters, animation is very appealing, much variety to the stages + game modes to play and much more. Heck they even give you a crap load of art to view and other Extras. Seriously worth buying at full price."
,Recommended,245170,20168420,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ravenous,10/10
,Recommended,245170,19162648,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Dr.Benjo,"Lighty clothed girls/ women. Thumbs up.You thought that was a whole review? Well you were wrong.I pretty like the game because of it's humor, also there are some very cool characters and storylines.The fighting system is pretty good made and also the characters have a a few cool special abitilies/attacks.It's a cool game, okay?"
,Recommended,245170,20540404,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,RichardPlaysStuff,"I'm a dude that loves his fighting games and Skullgirls is one I'm adding to the list of what I love. The art style is gorgeous, the music is fantastic, the characters are unique, the netcode works wonderfully and the mechanics are basic but is a great example of ""Easy to pick up, difficult to master"". The fanservice might put off some but you're doing yourself a mistake if you like fighting games, especially ones such as Marvel vs Capcom or Street Fighter. I'm gushing at this point but I find it really difficult to come up with negatives. I guess the final boss is a pain but that's it, really. Pick this game up!"
,Recommended,245170,24428552,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Burro,"It's really easy for fighting games begginers like me to get into this game. The character roster might seem a bit small at first, but every character is truly unique, and the game likes to emphasize that in their respective tutorials (which are very good, too). If the game's on sale, give it a try. It's a fun game to play with friends, especially those who have a similar or slightly higher skill level than yours. I've owned this game for quite some time, and I'm glad to see Lab Zero's continued support paid off, the game really feels different and better than it did before the numerous additions given to it throughout these years. As a side note, I'd reccomend getting a gamepad if you don't have one. Most of my friends who play on a keyboard don't seem to enjoy it as much, I don't think that's just a coincidence."
,Recommended,245170,33596901,Posted: 16 July,all,assiist,"After playing this game, i feel like i was just crucified after the holy graphics, animation, character design, and gameplay. (in the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit. Amen)"
,Recommended,245170,33434379,Posted: 10 July,all,Computious,Good game!
,Recommended,245170,2205352,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Makin,Great netcode and the best fighting game tutorial in PC. Perfect for beginners. I used to complain about the infinites until I learned to actually defend. Make sure to learn all the mechanics before going into the online mode.
76561198137891230,Recommended,245170,26096726,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Chuck Taylor,"Great Game!! Combos are fun, the worlds are beautifully done...heck everything is great about this game.  The only thing that I can think to add is Xbox keymapping support!  It would be nice to see the key layouts.  Let me be clear, controller support is excellent.  But the keylayouts...must"
,Recommended,245170,10548441,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Moose,"Don't need to write a detailed review for this, in short it's a fighting game with many skimpy 2D babes (which there aren't enough of in games). Classy Jazz soundtrack, fits in very well for the over all theme of the game. The girls are unique with their own personalities, you'll most likely have your favorite one eventually. It's rather good, fighting is smooth, and balanced. I'm not particularly good at fighting games like this, but I still enjoy it and you don't need to like fighting games to get into it either."
,Recommended,245170,32895406,Posted: 27 June,all,Spooky Hisui,dis gaem put me very salty
,Recommended,245170,8581445,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,8Bit64,"Coming from someone who never had any interest in fighting games, I love this game. It's so easy to learn the basics you'll be amazed how fast you go from button masher to actually knowing effective combos. The tutorials in this game are so good that you'll feel a little bit cheated that your $60 AAA fighter didn't have extensive explanations like these. From walking and basic moves to hitstun, mixups and hit confirmations, even if those last three sounded like complete gibberish to you, you'll know all about it and how to utilize it in well under an hour. Controls are easy to bind to whatever controller, joystick, gamepad, fightstick, power glove or keystroke you'd like. Once you're all hooked up, the game is as smooth as butter to play, making no real issues in that department.The visual style is one of the best I've seen an it's ultimately what hooked me right off the bat. As a big animation junkie I have to say, these 2D character drawings are so well animated, you'd never believe it was an indie title. The stages are well crafted and the characters doubly so. The attention to detail is so outstanding, the flow of it is a pleasure to see and if you pay attention as you go along, you'll find more and more little things that will make you admire the hard work put into it all.It's a classic fighting game trope to not care about the story mode, but damnit, it's actually interesting and doesn't feel like some tacked-on we-only-did-this-because-we-had-to, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt. The dark and twisted backstory leaves alot of questions unanswered and when you've played through every character's storyline you'll actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Imagine that.On an auditory level, (ha) this game isn't a slouch either. The music is catchy and the voicework is great too. There aren't a huge ammount of different lines, but they're good enough that you'll get a little bundle of glee when you hear your favorite one uttered after a match is over.The one bad thing I have to say about this game is the fact that it's not popular enough yet. From what I've seen, the community is still growing so you may not find anyone on your level in the online, especially if you're new to the genre. It's a shame, because there's so many references to the community, other fighting games, anime, cartoons and internet culture it's always a treat when you spot one. There's a stage where there's sometimes a dog dressed like Guile and Chun li. Do I really need to persuade you more to buy this game after you just read that?Though playing alone is fine for awhile, I would gighly suggest playing with people you know. Buy a few copies for a friend or two and go play this great fighter. If you're looking to get into the fighting genre, already into it and want to play a high-quality one, into animation or just really like animated boobs, I would recommend you buy this game. Support an awesome game and make the growing community even greater!"
,Recommended,245170,656851,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,(･8･),"I really like the design of those girls, so cute, but I eh..I play this game badly QQ"
76561198091162429,Recommended,245170,18635461,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Totino Boy ™,"""My waifu can beat up your waifu"" the game"
,Recommended,245170,4190168,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,ReY Scarlet,"Pretty good fighting game.  While it can be a little bs online, if you'relooking for a game to play with your friends, this is a good one for it.  Interesting character/design, nicely developing plot, free dlc characters (for a time), all in all good."
,Recommended,245170,8609861,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Pvt. Parts,Best Fighter I've played in a long time better than Street fighter 4 in my book. would reccomend this over any fighter on Steam right now
,Recommended,245170,8516376,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Solaire,"A good fighting game and the tutorial actually teaches you something unlike some games, though the final boss reminds me of a touhou boss and I dislike touhou bosses strongly do to their extreme OPness (not tenshi though she is the best)."
,Recommended,245170,9265942,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Pet Food,"Skullgirls is a well-rounded, well-balanced 2D fighter with a roster of memorable characters. There's little overlap between characters (save for the ""joke"" character Fukua and Filia), but team mechanics can be manipulated to make any of these freakshows a threat.With a solid tutorial system and a community that thrives on teaching new players how to be successful, Skullgirls is probably the best entry to the world of fighting games. Many of the techniques used in this game translate to other games, but if you're not versed in the genre it's very easy to pick up and learn the combos needed to be successful. Once you have the muscle memory you'll be nailing your opponents to the wall.Online play tends to be a bit unforgiving, but lobby play lets you find players of similar caliber and hone your skills.Definitely recommended to anyone interested in exploring fast-paced fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,10248199,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,buchabo,im bad but its funcombos and stuffwow
76561198067602055,Recommended,245170,10625667,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NekorEl,"""A fun, thrilling, fast paced fighting game"" would be a generic description of this game that's probably been flying around since it was first released to the public. Just to add a little more depth, it has a unique art style, a powerful soundtrack, interesting and unique characters who all have just as interesting and unique back stories. Many in game challenges, a very competitive community, and just the right amount of non game destroying fan service to tie this game together to be a very effective fighter.TLDR: It's good, like fighters, like this game, like fan service, like game, like community, like game, like friendly online encounters, don't like game."
,Recommended,245170,19786178,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LambdaCalculus379,"Skullgirls was a tremendous and pleasant surprise for me! Although I am not a huge fighting game player nowadays, I was huge into them in my younger days. I went into Skullgirls not expecting much of anything, but everything so far has blown that skepticism right out of the water!Skullgirls plays like a blend of Marvel Vs Capcom 2 (frantic pace, team mechanics) with some Guilty Gear (combos and move execution) blended together. It's fast and furious, thoroughly addicting, and long lasting! It's also absolutely gorgeous to watch, especially in 1080p, with its ""Dark Deco"" look, vivid colors, and buttery smooth, hand animated sprites! And its soundtrack, co-composed by Castlevania alumnus Michiru Yamane, is jazzy, Gothic, and rife with very CV-esque vibes, and proves that jazz can perfectly work in a fighting game. That character select theme will earworm into your brain for days!Is the game worth it? Oh, hells yes! Just get the DLC packs with it for the extra characters; the default lineup is a bit sparse, and about this game's only major flaw."
76561198066199601,Recommended,245170,21353645,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,A Hung Gentleman,"Best Fighter... Seriously. Look into all the features etc... Objectively, the system is just superior."
,Recommended,245170,30823913,Posted: 29 March,all,tenklop,Good game
76561198098173417,Recommended,245170,26134845,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Hooch,"Alright, i`ll admit it...i`ve played for a few hours and have had a blast with this game. Simple 2d fast paced fighter.....good sheeeit!"
,Recommended,245170,26571291,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,xdd,FAT BOOBIES 11/10
,Recommended,245170,30155584,Posted: 24 February,all,BigBlue17,"I have a lot of fun with this game, even when I lose. I can never stop getting better."
,Recommended,245170,8950071,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,xXGrampsXx420,"I would review this, but my parents wont give me permission to use the internet."
,Recommended,245170,14190500,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,LazyWizard,I wanted to play this a round with my girlfriend when she recently said : waaait i know this girl from a hentai.This Game is perfectly made for perverts 10/10
,Recommended,245170,13176857,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fore,"""Do you recommend this game?""Yeah."
,Recommended,245170,9286618,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Vapor Púbico,Like skyrim with boobs 10/10
,Recommended,245170,9925404,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,☆anko,fun game cute girls boom boom pow pow bow chika wow wow ooh baby
76561198034778236,Recommended,245170,11339721,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,DrMeow,"Skullgirls is a fantastic fighting game with wonderfully unique visuals.Pros: Graphics, Sound, ControlsCons: Story, GameplaySkullgirls reigns almost unmatched for its style and graphics.  Every one of the high-definition, hand-drawn characters looks absolutely stunning; the quality is almost unbelievable.  From the opening music to the announcer's ""Showtime!' the sound is excellent.  The keyboard works surprisingly well for a fighting game, but the controller still bests it, and beyond that, the arcade pad reigns supreme.Despite its excellent assets, the story is lackluster: people fighting over a powerful artifact.  The amount of fanservice doesn't mesh well with the fact that the artifact empowers only women.  Similar to how a writer may end with 'it was all a dream,' the ending is lazily tacked on.  As new IP, some consulting would have worked wonders and hopefully developers aren't afraid to retcon the rough edges.Skullgirls' tutorial is by far the best among all the fighting games, but still not enough to condition new players.  Fighting games in general need to fix this problem or continue to lose popularity: having to slog through a couple hours of practicing the same combo over and over again is not 'fun' and doesn't feel like 'improvement.'Skullgirls manages to be both a strong introduction for beginners and an intricate game purpose-built for veterans.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,13491720,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roxor,its ok
,Recommended,245170,10759569,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hank hell,boobs
,Recommended,245170,10650998,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Loli Cunny,"dis gayumu gibes my weeaboo dikkakuroni the biggest hardon i hab evur had. the characters are all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s begging for ur mandingerdonger to beat onto your ps3/360 controller in order to lose ranked matches like me. pros play eberyday while consulting sn00p doge to see if this game is gonna be in the vagin- i mean vga's.sn00p is like whotheniggs r u gtfo out of my house whiteboy or i get my crew of raynishalucianisha of the artesia coast highway near sears. then i'm like who just take it easy m8 and he kiks me ot. then when i get h0me i c jared and enrique fighting over the last burito and they play skullgirls. they use the new hidden unlocked mii fighters who r shirtless and rip ech othrs chesthairs to put ruffles new tanning lotion on. ruffles=ruff ruff lyuf. in the end, skelletorgirls is the most op game about hot pros-♥♥♥♥♥-tutus bangkoking my wamwams. 80085♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245170,29022305,Posted: 4 January,all,Black Ranger,Eliza is sexy
,Recommended,245170,11839231,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,sapiosexual bdsm,do it
,Recommended,245170,11910856,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Donny,"""this game makes my nipples hard"" ~ farty"
,Recommended,245170,9905213,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,angelo,yall ♥♥♥♥♥s too scurred to fite me
76561198005470247,Recommended,245170,31408290,Posted: 27 April,all,Chris,Yes.
76561198103383834,Recommended,245170,31758922,Posted: 14 May,all,UndeadBrainDead,My parents don't like this game.
,Recommended,245170,9321298,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,mammalmecha4,"Like everyone else says: ""It is porn without the sex."""
76561198155097558,Recommended,245170,23543826,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Wyatt,"Skullgirls is a fantastic fighting game, with an intricate input list and an overpowering amount of combos that would make ""Super Smash Bros."" jealous.For the people who use the keyboard, I commend you. For others (Like myself) take advantage of the partial controller support. Your gonna need it."
76561198037228389,Recommended,245170,23379437,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,THEGHOTR,big band can eat it
,Recommended,245170,9327226,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Sheep,"I just got this game, i didn't expect it to be any good when i thought about it. I play games like Street Fighter, Marvel Vs Capcom, and Mortal Kombat. It turned out to be beyond my expectations. This game is intensely fun and epic. It was worth the money of my purchase and I am glad i gave it a chance. 10/10 Skullgirls ftw."
76561198044665216,Recommended,245170,10668143,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BrownIverson,♥♥♥♥ this game.. too hard. But tentacle hentai so +1
,Recommended,245170,13710556,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mannertink,"""Hey, what's the matter champ? Why aren't you out performing sick airdash cancels with the other boys?""""I'm, just, y'know... scared 'cause I don't know how to Fighting Games""""Aw, don't feel bad James, I'll teach you to Fighting Games just as well as all those other kids on the block.""""Wowee thanks Skullgirls! Maybe later we can go for some root beer floats!""""But I'm a computer program, James""For real, this game's tutorial will bring you from benighted scrub to crackerjack-mixup artiste faster than you can say gender equality. If you think of a Combo as including a drink and fries, you owe it to yourself and to the fighting community to pick up this title. Seriously, play it with whatever you have, keyboard, gamepad, plastic guitar controller, the skills and confidence you pick up will translate to almost any other fighting game afterwards. In the fighting genre, you're not playing to advance a narrative, you're playing for the sake of improving your skills and yourself, and when this game can capture that feeling within the first ten minutes of thetutorial, it at least deserves your attention."
,Recommended,245170,7764174,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,krz9000,great 2d art style. good amount of fanservice but thats not the main point in that game. the fighting system is very unique for each character. balance is good. very useful tutorials for fighter game newbees.
,Recommended,245170,12112119,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,TigNotaro,"Great game if you are new to fighting games, easy to pick up, takes time to master. Has great controller support, my ps3 fightstick works perfectly with it after setting the buttons in game. Online play is good, overall a fantastic fighting game and i really enjoy the openness of the company that developed it. Ongoing beta so you can use all the dlc characters for free (and you can vs online in the beta too)"
76561198042752285,Recommended,245170,12359068,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Megumeme,Has the best fighting game tutorial controls are awesome and also fanservise :D love it!
76561198052363938,Recommended,245170,12373717,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,"Lym, the Lecherous","Its the best fighting game I'v ever encountered.When you play this game, you can feel the amount of love and work they put in this game.Great soundtrack, original characters, hand-drawn animations, good fight system, almost weekly patches.Altough this game lacks the amount of pickable characters, the other games has, they are working on this issue.I definitely recommend this game for everyone."
,Recommended,245170,13719525,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jay,Waifu Battle Simulator10/10 Would fap again.
76561198066296330,Recommended,245170,7946091,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,woland,not the game for you if you have a short temper. do not play this game if you have a short temper. do not
,Recommended,245170,12158659,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,libitia,fuuuunny!HEY YOU!DOWN AND PLAY!
,Recommended,245170,13107766,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Joystick,Great 2D fighting game. I love the multiple stories for each character.
76561198064871942,Recommended,245170,9913089,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Ghostdoud,"Skullgirls is an amazing addition to the fighting genre. With It's great but small variety of characters it shines beautiful next to the classics. The controls are like what you would exspect tight and precise. All the characters have their own special combo sets that are simple  yet can be come complex with chaning. You can't forget the beautiful art within the game, from every amazingly crafted background down to the beautiful and cute characters. That are unique in personality and look."
,Recommended,245170,8071601,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Combo,"It's got girls, and they have skulls. Except Double. She probably doesn't have a skull. And Big Band isn't a girl. But he probably has a skull. They probably should've called the game SometimesSkullMostlyGirls."
,Recommended,245170,10375320,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,K. V. Bones,This is a good game. I first discovered it on newgrounds a long while before release and never really paid attention but now i absolutely love this game. Also TUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBA
76561198065241900,Recommended,245170,10670544,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Señor Cheshire,"This game feels a lot like Marvel vs Capcom, and that isn't a bad thing. You don't have to be an experienced fighting-game player since the tutorial is one of the best tutorials in a fighting game I have ever seen making Skullgirls beginner-friendly. The design in this game is amazing, the soundtrack is also amazing, the characters are diverse and very entertaining ( although there aren't that many characters). I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,245170,11502082,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,murder thot,"Good for fans of Mortal-Kombat style games. And yes, there is a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of combos. :D"
76561198045472115,Recommended,245170,11502938,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,GalaxyStarX,This game is fun to play.
76561198067942498,Recommended,245170,11505656,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Hiatus Shiva,just buy it
,Recommended,245170,11534061,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Aceto,"They should rename this game ""BlazBoobs: MvC Team Mechanics & Amazing Tutorial Edition"", because that's what it is. Please buy game, is very good."
76561198064896727,Recommended,245170,11555678,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,OMGpopcorn,"The best fighting game I have ever played.  It brings back the 6 attack button format of the original Street Fighter arcade game, while having inventive combos reminiscent of more modern games."
76561198124801509,Recommended,245170,11537773,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,clarkson450,"Skullgirls, is one of my favourite fighting games of all time, right next to Clayfighters.My favourites characters are Peacock and Painwheele, because they have a good story and backstory, great character development and ture original design into them as well too.Story is amazing and it's more like Sonic Adventure when your play as a other character like Tails or Big the Cat.Gameplay is good, But i am not good at fighting games.So i give this game.9.3/10"
,Recommended,245170,11594792,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Teddie,"Fantastic choice to get into fighting games, due to it's in depth tutoral that breaks down the bascis for most of the genre. Great character designs and the dlc keeps adding too an already great game, making every update that much better. Also theres alot of references in the alternate colors, from Jojo, Fire Emblem Awakining, Persona, and much more( they even have a Gato from Chrono Trigger skin)."
,Recommended,245170,1312067,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Dungeon Master™,"Skullgirls is a fantastic indie developed game from the fighting game veterens at Lab Zero, featuring an immensely vibrant and aesthetically solid setting and a roster of awesomely concieved characters that ooze creativity in their designs and cover most of the types of fighting styles: grapplers, rushdown (that will leave you feeling claw-serphobic), zoning, and a very smartly chosen netcode that makes it possible to have enjoyable battles with nearly anyone within 3000 miles with very few issues.Additionally it features perhaps the most robust tutorial I have ever seen in a fighting game, which goes all the way from moving around to doing air dash combos and tag ins covering nearly everything you need to know to play a fighting game along the way. If you're someone that has had a passing interest in fighting games but have been daunted by the prospect of trying to understand them then I heartily recomend Skullgirls as an entry into the genre"
,Recommended,245170,8133908,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Fettuccine Alfredo,eh
,Recommended,245170,25365559,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Jay-Walker,its gr8 m8
76561198134120465,Recommended,245170,11215236,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Don't worry about that,"Everything about this is badass.Not because most of the cast are female and show pant shots and whatnot,but because it gives lots of room to mess around.For experts the training mode has hitboxes,slowmotion,and some other stuff.For newcomers the tuturial mode will quite literaly show you everything you need to know and even help you decide on which character to play as.For the people who pick up and play to the people who already know everything about it when they saw the title screen.This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ 20/10"
,Recommended,245170,7814224,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,1objection,"Great art, interesting stories, and sexy girls! This is truly an overlooked game."
76561198074385723,Recommended,245170,16933647,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Ginbot,"YES! don´t question why you should buy it, JUST BUY IT!"
76561198108932099,Recommended,245170,11520747,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TKDragon,Very great game I love the colorful art style
,Recommended,245170,11412947,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,NoelandThrones,"I absolutely LOVE this game!! Especially since it basically comes with 2 versions of its self! It comes with a Beta version where you can test new characters in the make, and the actual story game! So you, yes you who's reading my comment should highly consider buying this game! ( P.s Their constantly fixing new bugs/glitches so it's pretty fair for everyone!)"
,Recommended,245170,11827826,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,G.I. Crow,Gorgeous art to stare at while players from Japan wipe the floor with you!
,Recommended,245170,24945746,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Cuper Tortilla,"Played on the most High Difficulty,donePlayed once in Online,ded in just 3 seconds15/10""Back on the beat""-The most used character on online"
,Recommended,245170,10040957,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Sirius,I love not being able to do anything while playing an online mode because I keep getting rekt by combos. It's the most fun thing a newbie to fighters can get.It's also a really good game.
,Recommended,245170,10674120,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,baxdab,is good game play now
,Recommended,245170,10992487,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,myanimelist,"ghetto as faaaaak, might as well play sssssssfae4 and like get yha♥♥♥♥♥beateeenn"
,Recommended,245170,11388970,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Yal Yager,This game is great you need it
,Recommended,245170,7988519,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,PorygonZ,"Amazing artwork, and great gameplay.Favorite is Filia"
,Recommended,245170,4810341,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,G4H | Genoisawesome,"A very fun fighting game, with rather deep mechanics.  If you like games like Guilty Gear, Marvel vs Capcom 2, or Blazblue, you'll be familiar with quite a few of the mechanics in this game.  The cast is all rather interesting, and each character has quite a different moveset.  That being said, this game has the BEST balance of any fighting game. Period."
,Recommended,245170,7933552,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Zelotus,"Description:-Inspired by the old 2d fighting games. Skullgirls is one of the best out there. It follows the path of currently 9 girls on their quest for the infamous Skullheart. The skullheart will fill them with their darkest and deepest desires. Having to fight their way to get it. You can fight in a match consisting of a player party of 1,2, or 3 people. Each varying assist moves and balanced strength depending on how many people you choose to fight with.Controls:-Standard arcade format, closely similar to street fighter, with low,mid, and high punches and kicks.-Compatability with keyboard, console controler, or arcade joystick.-Easy to learn, even for casual gamers not used to fighters. As most characters share the same combinations for   blockbusters and special moves.Pros:-Fast pace-Fun for high skill and low skill players-Unique artstyle and music-Unique and original characters with their own personalityCons:-Not many players online to find a match with. If you're looking for a match it's easier to go into ranked matches, but this isn't reccomended for low skill/casual players.-Servy laggy at times-Not a huge character selection as compared to Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter or Marvel Vs. Capcom-There isn't a reliable combo breaker, you can literally be infinite combo'd after someone hits you once.-Fighting games aren't for everyone, it is a dying breed of games and the player-base will always be low. So find/make friends who own this game to always have someone to play with."
76561198059045893,Recommended,245170,10831599,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dr.Gypsy,"A great fighting in my book, the 3v3 fights are a bit like Marvel vs Capcom just a little."
76561198070225470,Recommended,245170,11012565,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Vackerman,"Im reviewing for a badge, but also this game is the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245170,9913000,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Smash3k,Buy for Big Band waifu~I'm sorry Cerebella
,Recommended,245170,10942644,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tokenlad,"It's pretty fun. Lots of boobs, if you're into that."
,Recommended,245170,4670560,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Dragvon,"Great Engine, amazing voice acting and fun to play. The flow is perfect and the combo chains / counter mechanics are awesome. If you're new to fighting games or even an expert, definitely try this one out :)"
,Recommended,245170,7659145,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Tomthechosen1: Smegma Enigma,Read the Review Below!http://tomthecount.wordpress.com/2013/11/13/count-the-pixels-skullgirls/
,Recommended,245170,8240083,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,yeah my dude,"lets face: it marvel is lame, injustice sucks, persona is for weebs and ultra isn't coming out till ???? so this is this best you're gonna get ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,245170,8415771,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Buttercrush,"Probably the best 2D fighter I've played in a long time, and it has a great story."
,Recommended,245170,8452858,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,blazinmeow,"Buy this game. Not having it is a crime against nature and all manners of being or having been being. I had no clue what this was, saw the kickstarter and stuffs. At the time I said, ""Oh, fighting game? Eh, I've only played Blazblue. Might as well get this."" Now I say, ""Why can't I stop playing this GAME!"""
,Recommended,245170,8505926,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,VIPSTAR,"girls, skulls10/10"
,Recommended,245170,8536677,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chris,fighting and♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,9461133,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Maker,not just an outstanding fighting game for people that have played fighting games but is great for people that are new to the genre.
,Recommended,245170,9491108,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,xH43Zx,Best player-friendly fighting ever!
,Recommended,245170,1355981,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Negrostrike,The biggest thing in fighting game history since Street Fighter 2.
,Recommended,245170,12002212,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Fear,"Skullgirls is a beautifully crafted 2d fighter with a cast of 10 unique characters, and with more on the way. Fighting in Skullgirls is fast and chaotic as each character has their own distinct style of fighting. Developed with help from fighting game enthusiast, MikeZ, the game has several mechanics to fix problems that plagued other games in the genre, such as the games ability to detect and break out of infinite combos. Online play is lacking as there are not that many people playing, but if you do find a match, the games GGPO does a wonderful job of ""covering up"" lag so you always have a smooth match (%95 of the time). If you want a good PC fighter with amazing artwork, fast gameplay, and constant updates, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,245170,4840995,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,squaллe,"Greets you with a boot in your face, but constantly makes you come back for more. Fun, unforgiving, fast and sexy - Skullgirls is just pure, hardcore awesomeness."
,Recommended,245170,7798548,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Fredgerd,"One of the best sound tracks of any game I've played as well as a great tutorial system to help you get better at fighting games if you suck at them (like me). Characters are all engaging mechanically and have beautiful sprites. In terms of story (which isn't a huge part of the game) it ranges from pretty well written to a cliche 12 year old boys fantasy. But hey, its a fighter game, what do you expect.I definitely recommend this one if you like fighter games at all. Or even if you just really want to beat someone up with a tuba. Also, if you don't get it, at least look up the music online. The credit roll track in particular is jazz standard quality."
,Recommended,245170,8357251,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Icynato,"One of the best fighting games out there! If you are an anime fan and love watching anime, love to beat the crap out of people in fighting games, or just like watching girls fight...this is the game for you. From ten different characters, including two new ones in dlc soon, pick one and master strategys and moves for your enjoyment, fight online or play through amazing storylines. 10/10!"
76561198059904528,Recommended,245170,11415662,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,The Horned King,It is a Great Fighting game that puts a good twist on the genre.
,Recommended,245170,6399120,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Neku Sakuraba,"Es un juego que requiere bastante habilidad si se quiere aprobechar al máximo, aunque poco a poco se puede ir mejorando, muy adictivo, buenos graficos e interesante historia, lo malo es los pocos personajes pero añadiran 4 en el nuevo DLC asi que no me puedo quejar."
,Recommended,245170,7658653,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Cardzy~,A fighting game? With BOOBS? GENIUS!
,Recommended,245170,7420177,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Hermit Purple,"If you like fighting games like ""Marvel vs Capcom"", but you're stuck with a PC (like me), you should consider buying it.Its a good addition to your Steam Library for fighting game fans and newcomers alike."
,Recommended,245170,10684105,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sean6258,"Quite a fun fighter. Every character is balanced and has a low, medium, and high punch and kick. Every character plays differently. If you can get past the fan-service, you'll have a good time. Only thing I can complain about is the lack of online players (and when there are some, I'm extremely beneath them in terms of skill)."
,Recommended,245170,20636200,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Matthew,My parents questioned me when I told them I use a 16 Year Old Girl with using Hair as a way of fighting in a Fighting Game.
76561198037365718,Recommended,245170,14551686,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Paul Muad'dib,"This is my first game by skullgirls, who rocks out loud.If you do not know who skullgirls is, I say to you, WAKE UP!I bought my grandon the skullgirl, I liked the content of The Skullgirls."
,Recommended,245170,16138002,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Kaijinzero,"Hey you! Yes, the one in front of the screen! I got some questions for ya.Do you like hitting people?Do you like hot girls?Do you like hitting people as hot girls?If you answered yes to these questions, then this is the game for you!"
76561198046609405,Recommended,245170,11982356,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Moa Rider,The soundtrack? Awesome.The gameplay? Intense.The story? Interesting and unique.How the story is set up? Mah.The t-i-t-t-i-e-s?  Swanky.Buy it. Naow.
,Recommended,245170,11171486,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,MisterRockett,"One of the most indepth fighters I've ever played. Certainly the best fighter made by a team in the west. Amazing 2D art, a versital cast, and more fighters coming on the way, I highly recommend picking this up be it if you're into fighters, into good well written characters (most of which are FEMALE), or into boobs."
76561198025298211,Recommended,245170,7360677,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Frankentank,It's fun. For a while. Then you realize they made a Mahrvel game with ONLY 8 (9 now) CHARACTERS. Then it just gets god damn boring. Also it's ded Jim.
76561198133610582,Recommended,245170,19005933,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Cat Fingers,"I bought this game on sale and it's decent. Not the best, not the worst. Controls are a little wonky for the keyboard, but understandable. If you like unrealistic boobs paired with even more unrealistic waistlines, this is the game for you.Also a character in this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing blob and it still has jiggly boobs, JUST to assure you, you can draw sexy fanart."
,Recommended,245170,11383698,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,JDRPG,"Such a fun fighting game! Play with friends,  because the random matchmaking puts you with pros who do nothing but memorize every combo and destroy you."
,Recommended,245170,12988338,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Smitty Werb,Best fighting game tutorial ever. That alone is worth the $5 sale price.
76561198045285245,Recommended,245170,24753051,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ellipse,I punched a god once.
,Recommended,245170,8925660,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,John Stamos,I paid money to see boobs.Drake & Josh were not in it.F-/100
76561197966720005,Recommended,245170,7698315,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Alesch,"Solid fighting mechanics, interesting character designs, impressive animation, and an honest-to-god-useful tutorial.This thing makes me want a Steambox so that I can play it on my TV."
76561198088305392,Recommended,245170,17682469,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,HIKARI NO YUKI,"Its a well done 2D fighting game, the characters are very stilish and sexy, the controls are easy to learn and not to hard to master, stories are ok, one of my favorite fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,18350156,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Oacyst,This game made me hate people and immortal cat girls.Pretty solid and fun though.
,Recommended,245170,9835602,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,DixiE,9/10 - Everything's AlrightUsually when I play Skullgirls all I can think about are all my troubles in real life but then I look at the game and feel content knowing that my life will never have as many problems as it does.
,Recommended,245170,14855378,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Reggie,boobs
,Recommended,245170,10821938,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Viikatemies,I find this hard to fap to.
,Recommended,245170,9907663,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,♫DnB Wolfie™ CSGOFAST.COM,"This is a really fun fighting game, i guess you could say its kinda (Street Fighter like) but i dunno its just a really could play and for a (lol) statement i guess you could say its also kind of a sexist game as it only has female charectors, but it is Skullgirls after all and not Skullboys.I'd give it a personally rating of 6/10 just coz it could do with more choice in charectors."
,Recommended,245170,15134749,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sourmouth,Why do i suck at fighting games
,Recommended,245170,19642574,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,PTSD Guts,0/10 needs more♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,10659870,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pyrover,"This is probably the most mechanically sound fighter I've played. The differing team sizes allow for a variety of teams and playstyles, despite the low character count, and the characters are so balanced that everyone is viable (except Fukua, who was never balanced at the time of this review). A fun game with a fantastic artsyle, and one of the few fighters to have a well-written story."
76561198047815353,Recommended,245170,16472068,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Zabbiz,huw 2 enjuy skullgrills1.bui gaem2.plai gaem3.parunts see gaem4.parunts sai fk u u not mi son animore5.lel perunts pls i still luv skullgrills10/10 would get disowned again.
,Recommended,245170,10089777,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,aw man!!,"This game is really good. Tight controls, Fluid animation, Classic beat-em up gameplay, and a sweet vegas casino inspired soundtrack to listen to. If you aren't a big fan of fighting games like Street Fighter, you might not like this game much. But hey, I don't like Street Fighter! So you never know!"
,Recommended,245170,8630501,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sidney Lehrer,Skullgirls is one of the greatest fighting games I have every played. I picked it up for the animation alone. I suggest buying this game. It is unique and worth it.
76561198022516941,Recommended,245170,9581889,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Spaceman,"One of the best tutorials in the fighting game industry, but complicated enough to be at EVO."
,Recommended,245170,11275022,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Chibi Yasha,"This game is simply beautiful! The art is unique and the animation is mind blowing! The music is a mix between symphony and Jazz and fits the mood perfectly. I must also mention the voice acting is extremely good!Beyond the looks (some fan service included) and the sounds, you have a fighter that plays just as good as it looks. It has simple controls and commands for beginners to hop right in with no problems. It's easy to play with plenty of offensive options, defensive moves and combos to keep intermediate and experts happy too.With in depth training modes, story mode and a online mode with beginner to expert lobby's, the fun never ends. If you're looking for a quality fighter, you can't go wrong with Skillgirls!"
,Recommended,245170,19267483,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rav,Love it.
,Recommended,245170,19918442,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Mifil,Apperantly I can't pass the tutorial.
76561198129244768,Recommended,245170,21201341,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SoapyWafflez,This game is great for knowing that you're awful at every other online game when you get online.10/10 would get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked again.
,Recommended,245170,11170981,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Tame,"This game is nothing but a pure masterpiece. Like really.The music, the theme, the characters, the graphics, the animation, the fighting mechanics.. everything works in harmony.It's near perfect. It literally nails every aspect that u expect to have in a fighting game.You like Street Fighter? Buy it.King Of Fighters? Buy it too.Dead Or Alive? You better be.Tekken? Suuuure broPokemon? Is it even a ♥♥♥♥ing question?If you're not already convinced, you can play as a nurse with huge♥♥♥♥♥bouncy♥♥♥♥♥♥ COME ON ♥♥♥♥."
76561197990158622,Recommended,245170,12443286,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Arsene Lupin III,"Anime fighter with anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that actually isn't an anime fighter. Still good as hell though. If you have an attraction to animated women, and like your fighters complicated, check it out"
,Recommended,245170,12458524,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SunShine,A surprisingly fun 2D fighting game I would recommend this game to people who enjoy a nice and simple fighting game to sit down and play with a friend.
,Recommended,245170,13704676,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,eatshitter,tig ol' bitties
76561198000189279,Recommended,245170,7795066,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,pottyboy,"Are you a beat'em-up fan? Do you like classic 2D fighters? Do you like anime? Do you love the idea of anime girls beating the hell out of each other? Then this game is for you!This game has it all! The 2D graphics are crisp and colourful, and the characters are very nicely animated with plenty of frames of animation for ach character. Talking of characters, you've got a right wild bunch here! Each one has its own story and a number of different crazy special moves and combos. My favourite of the built-in characters has to be Cerebella, but my absolute favourite is the dlc character, Squigly! Reason? She has a dragon as a friend :) Although there's only 8 characters and 1 dlc character, more characters are coming :)Several gameplay modes are available. As well as story and arcade modes, there's an excellent online mode. I was able to play against my friends with no lag or interference which is always a big plus. And if you're really, REALLY brave, you can try and defeat the game's boss, Marie, when she has 300% power!!! I dare anyone to try and take her down, and if you can get her health down to 50%, I salute you!All in all, if you're looking for a decent 2D fighter, Skullgirls comes highly recommended! It's easily one of the best beat'em-ups I've played in recent years along the likes of Street Fighter IV. And the good thing is that it's not that expensive either!Give it a try! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,245170,16194253,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,MacSpeedAti,"Its a great game, the best for the new button smashing opponents who dont know how to play but still beats you with their randomity in 3v3. However it would be a shame to miss this game."
,Recommended,245170,11564505,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,👌👌👌,"This. Game.I'm a huge fan of fighting games, but i'm usually not a fan of team fighting games.But this game.This is one of the most technically proficient fighters in a long time, and i think this is a great first fighter to pick up, because there isn't much of a learning curve.All of the charecters are amazing, each unique and interesting, even with the small roster.All in all, worth every penny.BUYISGOOD"
76561198041430975,Recommended,245170,7773448,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Marvalll,"If you have spent countless ours playing marvel vs capcom series with your friends, then skullgirls is the game for you. It has all the good traits of the mvc's but is less broken.  OTG's, HDC'S are all achiveable in this game with a lot of hard work and time spent in the lab. The only down side to this game is that it has a very limited roster, but in the future you will see it gradually grow. One of the grestest thing about this game is that the devs are constantly trying the make the game bettrer with regular updates.Verdict - 8/10"
76561198027682020,Recommended,245170,19642826,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,「GEAR † DEAD」,This is the post feminist appocalypse we were warned about in Katawa Shoujo.OPEN YOUR EYES PEOPLE!
,Recommended,245170,19963850,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CynaMel,Still Doing the Tutorials..... O.oThe Most Extensive section of tutorials i've ever seen in a game...Have'nt even started the other modes yet.May need a buy a replacement Controller Soon!!Fighting games Trainer..... 10/10
76561198049963482,Recommended,245170,8267477,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dayzaway,"Great game with terriable luck, needs all the support it can get. Highly recommend this to anyone who says they like fighting games, or even just games in general"
,Recommended,245170,7882347,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Stowaway,"Very good at teaching mechanics, awesome art style, great music, could have more characters though. P.s. I'm really bad at fighting games. 8/10"
,Recommended,245170,13753341,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Coolguy69,all characters are broken with infinite combo gg no re best fighting game ever
76561198069873776,Recommended,245170,9957974,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Kota Bear,Loved this game. Not a huge fighting fan but this game has really caught my eye. enjoyed every second I played. Just wish more friends played it.
,Recommended,245170,1471470,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,hybridial,"Skullgirls is one of the most impressive achievements in animation I've seen in videogames in a long time (outside of Vanillaware's work anyway) and is brimming excessively with personality and inventiveness, as well a sensible and level headed approach to the genre. This head also sports a giant pair of fists.Skullgirls makes execution easy so that even those relatively new to the genre can get right into it and start learning the real ins and outs of playing a fighting game. Though its roster is currently small every character is deep, full of possibilities and are above all, memorable. Be it the grappling power of Cerebella, the charge techniques of Squigly or the projectile spamming cartoon addict, Peacock, every battle in Skullgirls is exciting and hype fuelled.My experience of playing the game online with others in Europe has been smooth, but I can't comment on the online beyond that unfortunately. Still, for the price this game has a bargain and has four more free DLC characters due to be released to enhance it's already strong roster."
,Recommended,245170,10967391,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rogue,"You should play with hard difficulty AI before you jump into the multiplayer, or you could learn the hard way.... by getting massacred over and over. Either way works to get decent in multiplayer."
76561198029501818,Recommended,245170,7811082,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The QT,"Fun, but very hard to play with one hand"
,Recommended,245170,10990513,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Octolord,"Skullgirls is amazing, excelling in teaching the basics as well as training you on advanced techniques. Interesting characters and story, awesome art and an amazing training mode make this a must for any gamer that's looking to pick up a fighter."
76561198038639818,Recommended,245170,4533001,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Gen the Skunk,"This is probably the game that got me into fighting games in the first place. Well, it would've been Fighting is Magic, but with the Mane 6 set back to square one, I turned to this game instead. But I digress.First off, very in-depth gameplay. I'm still new to the fighting game genre, so I can't justifiably vouch for much of what it offers, but everything feels fluid and incredibly responsive. I need to get better.Secondly, the animations are incredible. Every single frame in just one attack alone is filled with unique and detailed spritework-- it's some of the best 2D work I've seen in a fighting game.Most of the games music is great, backgrounds are cool, lots of good things can be said about this game. My only complaints are that it has a very small roster and an underdeveloped story without a definitive canon.If you have any appreciation for fighting games, give this one a glance. It's pretty fun!"
,Recommended,245170,8367427,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pickles,"probably my favorite fighting game i've played, really fast paced and agressive, the roster is a bit small but there's enough diversity in the cast that you don't feel like you're missing a lot, netcode is good for the most part, suffers from some of the same problems as marvel but the dev is taking steps (i.e. undizzy & IPS) to fix it, overall a really well done game that I hope sees a more active competitive scene as the game grows"
76561198047889673,Recommended,245170,10620761,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,adonime,"The savior of fighting games! The gameplay, the interface, the style, the music (!!!), ... you name it, it's all great."
,Recommended,245170,7454219,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Or-Spook-Mi,"From the unforgettable quotes to the smooth action sequences, Skullgirls proves that hard work certainly pays off. What we're left with is a solid fighting game that can hold it's own in the gaming industry."
76561198155354918,Recommended,245170,19721337,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Stereo Shayn,"Amazing, Love to play, love Art and 2d style. fun to play with friends and heart wrenching stories"
,Recommended,245170,8790497,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,xd skinhub.com,not bad anymore
,Recommended,245170,18415811,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,david.t,11/10 would buy a 4pack for all my friends ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,245170,19239826,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ManHunter69,"I love when pretty girls fight over someone, with beauty & skills, that can save & protect!Their families - dead; friends - gone; and the society - in danger by local black mafia called, ''The Medicy family''.Their is an organic mineral, beneath the New Meridian city in USA, that can offer one women's wish in modern times, however it can turn them in to a 'Freakshow', with a symbol of a skull?!Then came the skullgirls!!! (-)"
,Recommended,245170,19301898,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Luna Luck,"Hand drawn graphics, right down to the last frame, true dedication to the art.  The stories all interweave and form a nice big picture. A whole lot of action, great characters, and witty banter. The music is wonderful on the ears while watching people beat each other up.Fantastic game, ENCORE! 10/10"
76561198068620229,Recommended,245170,6543278,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,SuperWiiCube64,This crazy fun and fast paced fighter provides some very smooth (and hectic) gameplay and a great online experience. Easily worth the 15 bucks.
,Recommended,245170,20165846,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Abi Normal,"The jiggly boobs as you watch them get ready to fight is so hypnotic, you may just win by hypnotising your opponent."
76561198079341221,Recommended,245170,19355285,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Melwyn Ravenbreeze,A Personal favourite and an excellent 2D Fighter that is great for an entry into the genre.
,Recommended,245170,9747246,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,kobr,very well written plot
,Recommended,245170,10625303,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Synth_Rider,That nurse gave me nightmares...and wet dreams...
,Recommended,245170,11012512,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,reb,"While it might be best to pick up the game if you have friends to play with, it is worth giving a shot! I have always been more of a casual when it came to fighting games although I have been putting effort in to actually learn this one!One of the best fighters available on PC right now and has a helpful tutorial that teaches you the basic stuff you need to know about most fighting games. All the characters are pretty unique and likable and you might even take some time picking up your main!Hopefully this game keeps growing as the roster of characters keeps growing."
,Recommended,245170,7811529,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,AmericanSmeagol,"A twitchy love note to the era of Capcom fighters with 99 hit combos. Not an easy game to master, but that shouldn't stop you from trying this mostly-female fighter. A robust tutorial will get novices into fighting shape, and the AI is challenging in its own right. For those who venture online, a wealth of competition awaits, but most are god-like compared to you (unless you have a natural knack for this sort of game). It's because of this high competitive level that I recommend this game for those looking for something to invest time into. If you want depth, a steeper learning curve and a rewarding payoff then this game is for you. Flashy combos are the norm here, and an anti-infinite system keeps the play from becoming a dull loop of the same five moves.Fights have an odd structure for the newcomer, but anyone who has played a versus title should feel at home here. A team can consist of one, two or three characters with health and damage scaling higher in favor of one-lady squads and lower as you add to the pile. There are team-up attacks, tag-out supers and tag knockouts (moves that knock the active fighter out of the ring and force in a partner to take her place). One versus one matches get the typical Street Fighter round structure where best of 3 takes the cake. If even one side chooses more a team of fighters, you only get ""one more once"" to make it happen.What I like most about this game is the constant updates. MikeZ and co add to the endless beta all the time, and they are mostly transparent about the balance work they do. This excites the part of me that loves fighters, and wants that ""inside look"" into how they're made.What I like least about this game is something I can't fault it for, because I knew what I was buying into. I've never been good at the MvC fighters, and just like those yesteryear blockbusters, one false step can kill you in this game. I suggest that you spend time on the AI and in training before venturing online. Competition is stiff and can be frustrating. BUT! The GGPO implementation is awesome! You can actually see the ping and make frame adjustments based on the game's recommendations. It's a very helpful way to lose without lag. =)Learn the basics, go through the tutorial and enjoy this masterpiece of a fighter. Or load up SFIV and shoryuken someone for the umpteenth time. Your choice."
76561197995491515,Recommended,245170,9914130,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,2gud,"The term ""babby's first fighting game"" ceases to be adequate. And I don't mean that in a negative sense ethier. Skullgirls is a truely deep, complex, fast-paced fighter, while keeping easily accessible to newcomers. A word of the wise: PRACTICE PRACTICE PRACTICE AND PRACTICE SOME MORE. Online players can and will beat your head open freqently. Thankfully you'll get beaten cuse they have more skill then you, instead of frame delay or lag. The game runs excellently even on older machines and the servers work beautifully with little if any lag."
76561198069136247,Recommended,245170,11449981,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Tobasaurus-Rex,Super fun
,Recommended,245170,8181981,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Zéychin,"I have disliked a lot of more recent fighter titles because they try to balance characters around fighting too similarly. With Skullgirls, I feel that the characters play quite differently from one another and as far as I can tell, they are balanced. The story is interesting and presented mainly with still images with dialogue to good effect. The fights are colorful and intense. If you are a fan of fighters, I would certainly recommend this game. If you are a casual gamer, I would still recommend this game, as it's not the most difficult fighter to pick up and it plays smoothly."
76561198055223698,Recommended,245170,8790882,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mustang,"ok, ok let me say something... IT IS AS HARD AS IT IS FUN! i mean dont get me wrong, it has very likable characters, fantastic animation and great gameplay (sorta) but it can be a stump and ""feel"" broken the first week. first things i recamend (forgive my mispell) for new comers,:1- look up online on how to configure all the keys to play like any other game (if you areusing a keyboard)2- go through practice and do ALL of the lessons or do not leave until you finished at least 2 or 3 sets of lessons3- next practice and play around with controls... learn the attacks and combos in and out4- practice with single player ""arcade"" on easy or medium to get used to ongoing opponets5- PRACTICE! PRACTICE! PRACTICE! never give up! the first 2 or 3 weeks will be tough and stressfulhowever, once you learn combo chains and/or tactics that work best for you, i can guarentee you will stand a greater chance against online verterans... like me!so don't stress, type quickly and accurately, remember combos, PRACTICE!, and most importantly, Have Fun! i cannot stress that part enough!in just 2 or 3 months, i guarentee you WILL be a pro and have even loads more fun!"
76561198001818015,Recommended,245170,9905723,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,BoomJizzle,"Just Buy it, u wont regret it...all i need to say"
,Recommended,245170,11432262,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ReverseGiraffe,"Skullgirls in undoubtedly one of the best fighting games out there. In terms of mechanics, looks and badass combo's.My favourite fighting game by far, I just wish it was more popular!"
,Recommended,245170,4357533,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,KaZoMa (Youmacon),"Skullgirls is an amazing fighting game. And it will only get better down the road. Personally a new favorite in my collection. The sooner you get into Skullgirls, the better you are with their DLC character being free.The controls are tight, wonderful fighting engine. Funny references to video games, anime like: Persona, silent hill, panty and stocking, touhou. It makes me feel good.The only thing that really bugs me is the lack of voice overs in the story mode. I mean, they have the actors to do it. It just kinda of make it less appealing. I would love to hear the characters talking then a soulless text format.Overall, Skullgirls is a welcome edition into the fighting game community."
,Recommended,245170,10734531,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Will :2,"I just got this game, and I can already say this is one of my favorite fighting games. I've dumped many hours in other fighting games like SFIV, UMVC3, MK, and other games and I can tell I will be doing the same with this. There may not be that many characters atm, but the character design is great. I feel like this would be a great fighting game for a beginner to pick up. I highly recommend Skullgirls."
,Recommended,245170,26468294,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,𝔰𝔭𝔞𝔪_𝔪𝔭4,Brawling babes are always best?
,Recommended,245170,26303085,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Iron_Tiki,"A very fast-paced competitive fighter in the spirit of Marvel vs Capcom. The animations are absolutely stunning, and the game runs on a toaster. Moves and basic combos are very easy to execute, with more difficult and damaging combos/mixups requiring better and better execution.It's Marvel Vs Capcom with Blazblue style combos and street fighter buttons.The community is also excellent, if a little bit small. Watch some of the majors (Combo Breaker, CEOTaku, Frosty Faustings) and you'll see what I mean.Plus, the developers (Lab Zero) are really awesome people that support their game and care about their playerbase.Also, best controller support ever."
76561198252333342,Recommended,245170,28985593,Posted: 3 January,all,Jinx Shiro,I only bought this game yesterday and I don't regret it! The detail in characters and backgrounds are amazing! The storylines are unique for each character in story mode and difficulty can vary based on how you want it. I definitely recommend this game! Amazing and cheap priced too!
,Recommended,245170,29127780,Posted: 8 January,all,Conz,"This game is not only a good fighting game, but it also has a tutorial system that pretty much teaches you to play every other 2d fighting game of the same ilk.Now i just have to git gud."
,Recommended,245170,11979065,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,NotNights,"Not really into fighting games, but this one really takes a cake with me! I've learned combos and commands just to perfect my fighting on here.All the characters are very cute and likeable. The games animation is well worth it all also!"
,Recommended,245170,16745449,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ti | Nick Crompton,Skullgirls Review+Well Animated+Beautiful Female Characters-Too much DLC that is expensive-Hard to learn Controls
,Recommended,245170,11668414,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jolsson,Cute girls doing cute things!
,Recommended,245170,11624666,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Struck Cold,"A really well done 2D fighter.  It's easy to learn, but hard to master.  The characters are all unique and the artstyle is fantastic.  If you are looking for a fun fighter and don't want the same old Hadoken gameplay, check this game out."
,Recommended,245170,11691495,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,VGGuy95,"[EDIT 12/3/2015: Fixed some problems with this review to make it more relevant with the current game.](Note that this is solely based on playing offline so far with about 30+ hours put into the game. I also suck at 2D fighting games.)Pros: So far this game is probably one of the best fighting games on Steam. It has by far the best sprites I have ever seen in terms of both art design and frame count, and so far has been consistently at 60 FPS making the game very intense and hectic experience. The game has probably the best tutorial for 2D fighting games I've ever seen, which is surprising since this is an indie game, and the training room is very useful compared to other games. All characters (including the DLC and ""joke"" characters) all feel very unique and different from one another, with usually the DLC characters having a much larger difficulty curve to use.Cons: These are minor nitpicks at best. For one, you can still play on a keyboard like I have with little problems; however certain commands with be much harder to do without Macros. These can include double P, double K, throws. However the one issue with a keyboard that can't be fixed using Macros are 360 direction motions, which are near impossible to do on a keyboard. I also feel like the game should allow you to have more optional Macros for said problems. The game has a rather limited roster (8 characters for the vanilla build and 5 DLC characters with 1 free ""joke"" character. DLC characters are somewhat pricey (though this is justified as they were free for a limited time).Overall, I'd say definitely get this game. Its made by a small indie group that clearly are fighting game fans, and want to create the perfect 2D fighting game. Plus, the game is only $15, so its fairly cheap."
,Recommended,245170,11702013,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Punkyoshi555,"A fantastic game with great artwork, great controls, awesome and clever characters and an amazing story mode that will make you cry most of the time, Skullgirls has a sort of charm that i've never seen before in any fighter game. Plus boobs. Good job Lab Zero! A well earned 10/10!"
,Recommended,245170,11718734,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,YoiLikeOrange,I ♥♥♥♥ing love the game when I actually have my controller.
,Recommended,245170,18901228,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LarsKusanagi,"Will there be Characters Voice option via update or DLC, after JP version's release?"
,Recommended,245170,18285008,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Snot Girl,"As someone who rarely plays fighting games that aren't smash bros, I absolutely love this game! It's so easy to get into, and the huge variety of playstyles among the cast provide hours of entertainment learnign playstyles. The few strikes I bring against this game include a less-than robust matchmaking and lobby system, but the net code is stable enough that once you know how to play the game well enough, it's hard not to have a great time. That with the incredibly robust tutorial, with simple to grasp yet complex mechanics make this game a must-play for fighting game newbies and veterans alike."
,Recommended,245170,11427448,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Project L,This is probably my favorite fighting game of all time.  It's quite simple and fun to play.  It also has really good looking graphics with hand-drawn character sprites that are well-animated.  Not to mention the online is also really good.  So if you're a fan of fighting games you should most definitely give this game a try!
,Recommended,245170,17142511,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Stan,"I sure do like this anime fighting game. You should buy it now because I said I liked it. Always trust me, I play video games alot."
,Recommended,245170,10339725,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Stupid Child Simulator.,Jubblies!
,Recommended,245170,13023122,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,789,y
76561198063592474,Recommended,245170,6317490,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Darktechno,the game is so good the music and the action it like jazz and movies like together with fighting mix together i recommend to get this game
,Recommended,245170,12561463,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,xo,DONT PLAY THIS GAME INFRONT OF YOUR PARENTS.THEY HAVE FLASHES.But the game is Flawlessevery character has its own fighting stye.Much different than other fighting games.LOVE IT!
76561198017482176,Recommended,245170,12977528,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mama Luigi,"If you don't like or just suck at Street Fighter, I'd avoid it. Honestly, the only difference between this game and SF is the fact that the whole roster is nothing but mutant girls in skimpy outfits. I'm not going to give it a thumbs down because I realize that this game must be fun if you just know how to play SF or Mortal Kombat. I on the other hand find it unplayable considering that I suck at memorizing combos just to beat somebody up. But that's really just me."
,Recommended,245170,16462247,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tuff Desperado,"Incredibly fun to play, Hard to master.Also, boobs."
76561198164698343,Recommended,245170,17063715,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Wolf Deity Shane,"I started playing this game with a ps4 controller. Everyone said it was the best way to go. Quickly, I found that was not the case. My fingers were so used to doing spectacular acrobatics and incredible feats that my poor fingers felt claustrophobic on this tightly woven bundle of buttons and triggers and such atrocities. Oh, but you want to know about the game itself. Well, there's this girl, and she like has cat ears and a cat tail, which would be pretty wierd except...she's like part cat so it's okay. Also, there's another one that has this whack hair conditioner that makes her hair (quite literally) batshit crazy and it's kind of sad because, her hair does most of the work. There are tons of other girls and a guy. Like one guy, cuz, I mean, let's face it. Skullboyz doesn't have as much of a ring to it. Still, there are combos and uppercut's and one where as the cat lady, you throw your head off and you're like, this is the end right? Well, no cuz she can like decapitate herself, but then recapitate after, so it's all fine. Great game 8/8, btw don't do keyboard for this one cuz I was like really, really lying before. Keyboard is just unnatural. At least for me."
,Recommended,245170,8599645,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,schierke❤,pantsu
,Recommended,245170,8351019,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Weava,"""Mysogyny"" 9/10 - GameSpot"
,Recommended,245170,17937684,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Mister Z,"It really is a shame that Lab Zero dropped support from the Xbox version and focused solely on the Playstation and PC versions. Oh, well, at least there are still quite a few options to get this game.Pros:Diverse character rosterIn-jokes and references galoreThe characters that you think would be clones play entirely different from their basesThe male characters are ironically my favorite onesSO MANY COLORSThe recently added voice packs for both characters and the announcer are hilariousCons:No one knows what is canon and what isn'tA pretty small roster despite diversityThe male characters are ironically my favorite ones (The game is called ""SkullGIRLS"", mind you)Are you sure there's an anti-infinite system?Playing with my brother made me hate ElizaAn MLP color for Robo-Fortune, but no Optimus Prime, Metal Sonic, or Mega Man?!It's still a very good fighter, reminiscent of Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Guilty Gear, and Darkstalkers.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,18280654,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Deja Vu,1 2 0  I N C H  P Y T H O N SH E R E  W E  G OC A T  S C R A T C H  F E V E RT H I S  I S  F U N
,Recommended,245170,28554953,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chryssy Cat <3,Great animation and art.
,Recommended,245170,24289992,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,theguylvx,"I am a heavy weight player, so i was very happy to find that big band is possibly the heaviest of all fighting game characters (MORE RESEARCH REQUIERED)other than that the rest is good too."
,Recommended,245170,20382450,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Weaboo Mujahideen,ANIME ♥♥♥♥♥♥S!
,Recommended,245170,20779311,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Abstract Daddy,lol bewbs
76561198043765681,Recommended,245170,9882191,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Soft & Wet,Super fun addicting game. Highly recommended even to those not good at fighting games. Its just really fun and colorful plus the game has a tutorial thats really helpful in learning about the games mechanics. another good thing is the training has a lot of depth to it and the rest you have to see for yourself.
76561198052091957,Recommended,245170,8257262,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,gwannt,yea
,Recommended,245170,11818957,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Hollow Bastion Sucks,I've seen hentai of this game long before I bought it.Still get my♥♥♥♥♥♥wet from seeing fillia get upskirted.12 out of 9/11 would bomb again.
,Recommended,245170,13288323,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Redhead BONERdrive!,"Hey my pc might not be able to run it but hell, I bought it anyway, I've played this on Xbox 360 for a long while and it's a fighting game players dream. New players to the genre will easily learn how to play fighting games as a genre just from twenty minutes of the tutorial. Not to mention the character designs and additonal content really shows that there is still passion for the genre."
,Recommended,245170,8956140,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,MY SKILLS EXCEED YOURS,"Jazz, beautiful animation, great character design and development, and smooth as silk controls.  This game is a must have for any lover of fighting games.Only wish their were more characters and modes but aside from that 15 dollars is worth the enjoyment you'll get out of this game.P.S Pass all the eye candy is one of the best fighting games I've ever played, I'll only play this and smash bros because this game is just too good."
,Recommended,245170,16177170,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Matto is a Skeleton,The first fighting game to truely recapture that MVC2 feeling.Plus it's the ultimate waifu fuel.
,Recommended,245170,7851757,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ZigmaDrive,A fantastic and well built 2D fighter with a charming visual and animation style.  If you're an avid player of the fighting genre you can really tell where they drew they drew their inspiration from. Worth a try if you get the chance.
,Recommended,245170,8764720,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SANIC,"FIRST OF ALL : I see alot of people writing negative reviews about this game because it's not afraid to show a little cleavage. And by a little I mean alot, but whatever. THIS GAME IS NOT ATTEMPTING TO SELL ITSELF BY HYPER-SEXUALIZING THE CHARACTERS. It's actually one of the best fighting games I've ever played, and I've played a few. It's combo system makes doing long combos satisfying, but the (ABSOLUTELY GENIUS HAVE MY BABIES MIKEZ) Infinite Prevention System, or IPS, is this game's true gem. It does what is says on the tin; prevents infinitely long combos. Tired of sword loops in UMvC3? Everything ever in MvC2? All those other broken fighting games that don't even let you play? This game fixes that. It has a small roster, but that helps keep the game balanced. AND OH IS IT BALANCED!!! THis is more balanced than KOFXIII! And that game is insanely balanced! Solo Squigly is just as viable as any other characters or team combination. You can win with any combination of anyone. This game is genius, buy it now."
76561198065270500,Recommended,245170,6390718,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,exia23,"Skullgirls is a fighting game and while I'm more into Street Fighter, this is a pretty good fighter in it's own rights. This game is pretty fun and prob easy for those who played fighters to get into. Even if you're not, there's some basic things you can still learn. Sides the deal that's on right now, you can't deny it. You pay 14.99 and you'll get 5 dlc characters free within 3 months of purchase. (I think you have to buy them seperately, but they're free) Pretty good deal huh."
,Recommended,245170,14711037,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,MS360,"Skullgirls is one hell of a game, if you never played a fighting game before i would still recommend it. The presentation has to be the best i've seen from any videogame with stellar animation and amazing character design. Gameplay wise it is almost addicting, once you learn all the in's and out's of the game you still have a lot more to find out and it always brings a sense of discovery.It does have some minor flaws story wise and the over saturation of references can become a little annoying, but Skullgirls is by far one of my favorite games i've ever played.Props to Mike, Alex, and the rest of the Lab. You guys are neato."
,Recommended,245170,11341817,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Thicc Trap Astolfo,some games don't get your peepee upthis game does
,Recommended,245170,24216021,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Fucker,Remind me to never Google Image search these chicks ever again. If I wanted porn I'd search for porn.
,Recommended,245170,25195451,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kathoey (◕ᴗ◕✿),I like it
,Recommended,245170,25270672,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,the egocentric police dick,like holy ♥♥♥♥ dude i am rock hard right now
,Recommended,245170,16156686,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Genocide,nice game not gonna lie
,Recommended,245170,25438806,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Fochwad,">Best original soundtrack in my opinion.>All characters are interesting.>I hate online players, why are they too good? (need to git gud)>ABSOLUTE WORTH THE BUY I SWEAR"
76561198193562563,Recommended,245170,24873953,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Aeris^,a *real* fighting game
76561198049500426,Recommended,245170,7965865,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,♥ Mettaton ♥,If you like Fighting Games this game is for you! it has everything! Fast paced fighting! An awsome story! Loveable Characters! and best of all awsome art work!
,Recommended,245170,15135178,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,"skullgirls has too many sexy women, and i feel insecure about how sexy i am, thus it is misogynistic, and i will not play it anymore......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................"
,Recommended,245170,16929416,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Necrobern,"The game is beautiful visually and shows how much care the devs gave to the project. It started with a small roster but gradually gets updates with new characters and features, in addition of a well written story even for fighting game standards which gets bigger with each new character added. And let's not forget the smooth animations in all its characters.However the biggest flaw the game has is how competitive oriented the gameplay is. Online play although works perfectly and gets tweaked often is dominated by experts of the game, making it really difficult for beginners and casual players to have fun when Skullgirls' combos can become long and quite damaging. Is even harder to master on your own when playing random players won't give you a break, Overall this is a game which either you git gud with or find some friends to play with."
,Recommended,245170,14103110,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Coco,"Great game, lots to learn about combos and suchYou can get by basic gameplay with mostly button mashing, just not onlineSupport the devs, they're doing good work"
,Recommended,245170,14085373,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Geotec,"This game's themes mesh together so well you can't even see the stitching. The fact that I can so easily play a sexy catgirl who flings her limbs around like a yo-yo on a flesh string all the whilst making cat puns with her (now displaced) head while said head bites the enemy all over. The graphics are animated frame by frame as well as enchanted with a beautiful deco style, with a story that is interesting but easy to learn. Not only this, but the game has intuitive, helpful tutorial missions. I found myself going from a total wash-up to a lean, mean fighting machine within a day or two. Great game."
76561198061993041,Recommended,245170,15049676,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,javi4881,wafiu wars
76561198034319577,Recommended,245170,7508977,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Rhabdomyolysis,"great fighter, takes ideas from the best of 2D fighters and builds on them, pretty interesting character ideas that act as a refreshing homage to older characters in other franchises (Cerebella = MvC Hulk, Ms Fortune = Devo from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure).Characters are a bit oversexualised, but I guess that comes with the genre."
,Recommended,245170,26284867,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ShutaStella,Fu5k the tutorial is hard as hell. Im stuck on ch 4 lesson 7.
76561198342490670,Recommended,245170,26589298,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Bone-System,It has a cyborg made of jazz instruments and a cartoon character from hell.10/10 would buy again
76561198125907608,Recommended,245170,20043325,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jingleberry,fun
,Recommended,245170,17859685,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Gigilo,I only opened this game to fap. The characters are so hot. I recommend this x100.
,Recommended,245170,13562323,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,K.Kun,10/10.
76561198068256465,Recommended,245170,14387170,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kos-Mos,If you like games like Street Fighter or any anime styles fighters this one is definitely worth it. :D
76561197962453965,Recommended,245170,18791065,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,[cdu] DemonTaz,Nice tutorial to learn mechanics.
76561198061770842,Recommended,245170,9093718,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Street,It's lots of fun and stuff
,Recommended,245170,12689405,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Frog Durge,jk
76561198052913101,Recommended,245170,25785324,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Pizza Hut,Good game i just wish my friends weren't so sweaty XD
76561198051799397,Recommended,245170,12600017,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Cornonjacob,"Colorful, quirky, lovable characters, and fast paced fun"
,Recommended,245170,13598389,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sp4zzy,"I want to hold Filia in my arms with a tender embrace, looking at each other's eyes and expressing our love for each other, ignoring the evil of the outside world and living our perfect love life together"
,Recommended,245170,29117737,Posted: 8 January,all,gunsage,"An anime, but not anime mega throwdown between all kinds of colorful characters and absolutely dripping in style.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZshfpXXlVgThere isn't much else to say.  Just watch the video if you need further convincing."
,Recommended,245170,18795921,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,OVERLORD,If you like getting beat with infinite COMBO'S  well this is your game. Enjoy :)
,Recommended,245170,10097891,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Nasalab Auhsoj,"If you do a high-kick you can see up most characters dresses, 10/10 would play"
,Recommended,245170,19838072,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Josh Dun the adorable cat :3,fun game lol
,Recommended,245170,16883815,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Resdowg73,I mashed random buttons and beat it as a character in half an hour
,Recommended,245170,13717440,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,★Stylo★,Only bought it because of the boobs.
,Recommended,245170,18561540,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dad,✓ Girls✓ SkullsEverything I was promised and more10/10
,Recommended,245170,21856148,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,A certain SICP wizard,"I preordered this for $15 when it was new, saw the developers at AX and was interested in the game, even though I rarely play fighting games. I got the DLCs for free, but aside from that, I haven't touched the game for a long time. It is fun to play and the soundtrack is amazing along with the background scenes and the fluent animation!Though, I've heard that they have been taking a dark turn and introducing censorship with some pixels, though I don't know if it is correct since I haven't looked myself. But hopefully nothing big changes.It is a very well made game 10/10, would recommend to play even though you suck :^)"
,Recommended,245170,32652922,Posted: 22 June,all,Andres,good
76561198064203806,Recommended,245170,25049053,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Assbepis,Good fighting game good tiddy what more can a man want
,Recommended,245170,21670175,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,WraitGreen,"Skullgirls Has a great fighting system, an awesome soundtrack and art, but it has an unbalanced game mode: Arcade Mode, and two unbalanced characters, Double and Cerebella, yeah Cerebella migth be slow but she has a long and short atack range with a lot of damage, and by the other side we have the most unbalanced character, Double, she can transform herself into other characters, but whats the deal with it? its an spamming and strong character, if you dont block one atack, get ready to get spammed by parasouls gun and much more annoying and fast spamming combos"
76561198047195074,Recommended,245170,24248935,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Mashu,"Skullgirls is a fast paced, team based 2d fighting game akin to the MvC series.It sports easy to learn, difficult to master game mechanics like some of the best triple A fighters. Ensuring hard-core fighting fans will find something to love.It has a truely beatiful hand-drawn art style and sound track that both add to the very cool 1940's aesthetic.The eclectic cast of characters includes washed-up wrestlers, one man jazz bands, dismembered cat-girls and hair parasites...On top of all that Skullgirls boasts some impressive net-play features for a modern fighter. Adjustable GGPO input delay means that even playing online with less than stellar ping is still an enjoyable experience. (From an Australian)Overall a fantastic game and well worth the reasonable entry price! 11/10 would dismember cat-grill again."
76561198102199599,Recommended,245170,24320941,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,HoolianCrossfire,"Really damn fun. I'd highly reccommend this game to anyone who likes any kind of fighting game. The combos aren't too hard and it's fun to experiment with friends and online players. Very fast paced but also not too hard to get the hang of. This fighting game is very well designed but personally I don't believe the combos should be able to extend so long, especially since they aren't too difficult to perform, though this does separate the decent players from the great ones.  I wouldn't reccommend online mode to new players unless you're playing with your friends. The game doesn't have a proper skill-based matchmaking system. Probably the most fun I've had with a fighting game ever. 9/10  (P.S. Get Beowulf if you're into this game)"
76561198099844685,Recommended,245170,24364755,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,RockZero3,"Im a long time fighting game fan from KoF, SF, MK,Tekken to BlazBlue but this game has quickly stolen the show from them.From the Art to the diverse character pool it never slows downA great tutorial system that actually explains things and will have you pulling off combos right after class ends.Great line up of Voice actors (Cristina Vee (Cerabella,Noel Vermillion,Compa,Shantae)  , Christine Marie Cabanos (Filia,Nepgear,Silica,Madoka) , Erin Fitzgerald (Parasoul,Noire, Chie) among others) a real treat for the ears if you love thier other worksStory is 50/50 for some im still waiting on more for the next game hopefully they will tie up some loose endsOverall i would def buy again since i did (have for Vita and PS4)Def grab the 2nd Encore DLC , and the cool color changes (metroid Robofortune plz)"
,Recommended,245170,24415500,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,gensuta,"I wasn't too good at fighting games but I loved watching people play.I played this game and suddenly so many things made a lot of sense.Mainly because of the fact you can learn the characters move step by stepand most fighting games I tried didn't have that but now I don't have to worrybout it anymore.I love the characters, I LOVE their cute lil stories I love the soundtrack and the amazinganimations!! I bought all the DLC ( I WISH THERE WERE MORE PLAYABLE CHARACTERS!!)I just love this game so much! And I certainly love beatingpeople with such beautiful girls omg <333 The playable male characters are absolutely preciousas well!!Because of this game I can't wait to see how Lab Zero's next game,Indivisible is and I can't wait to buy it!!"
76561198054919852,Recommended,245170,21114474,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Sakura Kasugano,Patch the broken♥♥♥♥♥infinites online and you get a beautiful 10/10 fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,23617486,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Larexus,"A fun and exciting 2D fighting game with a beautiful and sexy Pin-Up art style. All the characters feel unique and for the most part pretty balanced, except Big Band and Beowolf, ♥♥♥♥ those guys -.- although I could just suck. Their is a single player where you play as a single character and go through their story line and learn more about the cast, their is also an arcade mode where you can play with 1,2, or 3 characters, personally I think the game shines with the team battles, feels much in the sense of Marvel vs Capcoms style of gameplay with quick combo assists, juggling, and fast paced action. Great game if your a fan of fast paced fighting games.Game Showcase-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XJOYgo3Vlo"
,Recommended,245170,19860222,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Genospark,"Skullgirls is an amazing fighter. Although it is new to the scene, it takes all of the good stuff of veteran fighters like Street Fighter and Marvel vs. Capcom (and even King of Fighters!) and makes its own. The game has really interesting lore as well, which is uncommon in fighting games. The main point of contention would be the artstyle, which may not be for everyone. Certain ladies are volumptuous, which may be a turn off to some people sensitive to that. Foruntately, all of the characters hae some degree of exaggeration, and I didn't see anything that was a distraction or a coverup for a design deficit. This game is the real deal."
,Recommended,245170,11891733,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,happy splatoon inkling,"Not really a huge fan of the fighting game genre. But out of all of them, this one takes the cake. Art style is great, the fighting is really easy to get used to. This game is perfect for those who want to start to get better at fighting games. Practice always makes perfect, and Skullgirls is the place to start."
,Recommended,245170,24083748,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Aldo,hard as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,16200908,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sandwhip,do you like:panties?boobs?balanced fighter games?easy to learn special moves?perfected online modes?local play?story mode?4th wall?sad storylines?backstory?then this game isn't for youIT'S FOR ♥♥♥♥ing EVERYONE
76561198110488897,Recommended,245170,16204632,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Ridonkulous,BoobsNeed I say more?
,Recommended,245170,16210539,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Defective Loomy,"8/8 m8s, would bang if possible-(relatively*) Easy to learn gameplay-Nice animations, also boobs that jiggle-Easy to play with friends, cause friends are cool and stuff*relative to other fighters like Tekken. (also i'm not hating on tekken cause i love that game)"
,Recommended,245170,12123041,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Caduceus,"Very Fluid game with amazing high frame animations, I can almost feel the weight of the punches! The intricate stories for each character connect the world of skullgirls and gives it a beating heart."
,Recommended,245170,16202854,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kanakravaatti,"It's pretty good ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 10/10+Boobs+Cleavage+Boobs+Panties+Anime girls+Animated boobs+Art gallery boobs+Jazz+Jiz-+Looks cool+Oh did I also tell you there are boobs?+Skirts+Someone sounds like Nolan North+Nazis-How does one play this with keyboard?-Not enough boobs-Boobs too smallI guess it would be more easier to play if I had a gamepad or something...Also I tried it as a free weekend thingy, so."
,Recommended,245170,16203740,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,AndGeo,"I have no controller so I could obviously not enjoy the game as it is supposed to be, however I really like the animation and art style. No in-depth review possible beyond this."
,Recommended,245170,11902323,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Almost stickless Gorile,best game on steam
,Recommended,245170,25634755,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,^wAvocado,Booby simulator Boob/10
,Recommended,245170,9648287,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Navy Pheonix,"This is a written challenge. If you are on my friends list, I emplore, no I DARE YOU, to buy this game and fight me. I am sitting, ready, 24/7 (not true), prepared to fight hard style."
76561197984370080,Recommended,245170,13663073,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,zero254,This is my review. Game was fun enough to get me to get it here and on console.
,Recommended,245170,11183881,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,(Boosted) Onee-Chan,I play this b/c boobs
,Recommended,245170,33390621,Posted: 8 July,all,Ilan,Skullgirls is a fun 2d  fighter game that gets you hooked with its stunning colorful artstyle/visual and entertaining online gameplay.I recomend playing this game with a controller as it makes things easier than learning the keyboard controls which can be frustrating at times.overall it is an excellant game to play with friends at a lan party or just on the same device.i myself am not a big fighter game fan yet i am in love with this game and play it occasionally on console when i canlets not forget the added bonus of our lovely Extra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gals
,Recommended,245170,20193393,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,sh!zeeg,This game is fun as hell! Highly recomended for any fighing games fan. Maybe it looks weird at start but it feels surprisingly well.
,Recommended,245170,20533515,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Yoink,10/10 This game makes you want to be better
,Recommended,245170,33102993,Posted: 1 July,all,Tatsuya,In online matches you get combo'ed very quickly leaving you no chance to respond.. Its still fun though its easy to learnEdit: ♥♥♥♥ you Big band
,Recommended,245170,20497447,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,The Black Swordsman,Waifu: The fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,21964817,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Elephant,Why are people still playing Street Fighter?10/10
,Recommended,245170,22522311,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Bag and Barrel,hm yes very good game yes very good plot
,Recommended,245170,22639298,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,"""So, like, is it a girl with a skull (cuz all girls have skulls I'm pretty sure) or is it a girl who is made of skulls (which, would be much more unique and interesting, but one wonders how a bunch of skulls could form a living entity)."""
76561198245401172,Recommended,245170,22660074,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,TheLydonKing,"Cerebella is probably the best Grappler to exist in a fighting game, seriously, the ammount of tools available to her is astounding.10 SPD's /10"
76561198028462690,Recommended,245170,22866015,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,RoosterShield,"Let see now, I remember buyin skull girls for the X360 back when it first came, I'm still playing and getting my♥♥♥♥♥whooped but I dont really care cuz this is a GREAT FIGHTING GAME.* TO NEW PLAYERS *This is worth your $10.00 (price at current time of post) and to tell the truth you don't really need to puchase the DLC character right away. It's more fun, YES, but before you invest your $2.00 (per character... WORTH IT!) on new characters you have to make sure you get your basics down. Also don't worry about losing all the time, it's discouraging sure, but if you played dark souls then losing only makes you better.* TO OLD PLAYERS *LETS FIGHT MATHA FAKAS!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOT!!!"
,Recommended,245170,7897899,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,King of Games,"Its got all the cleavage of Highschool of the Dead and the violence of it too, but the big difference, this one is actually good"
,Recommended,245170,10750795,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ScoIipedes,"The art style is amazing, the controls are easy to pick up even if you use a keyboard, and it's overall so fun \o/"
,Recommended,245170,19284407,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,HosTeb,im buying this game for the boobswhat a great boob GOD damn
,Recommended,245170,24069007,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dirty nimrod,"Now a lot of the reviews of this game are just people saying which character they like or is ""their waifu"" without giving any info of the actual GAME. When I was looking for an actual review of the game to see what I would need to know, I was left completely in the dark. As a noobie to this game, I think I can offer some advice to other fellow noobies just picking up the game or even people thinking about buying it (which you TOTALLY should buy this game).Now starting off I would reccomend that you play this game with an arcade stick/pad, as it, along with most fighting games of this nature, are practically near IMPOSSIBLE to adjust to without one. Playing with a controller may be appealing to some but DONT use a keyboard. So, in short, Arcade Stick > Controller > Keyboard.Next, I would suggest going to the training center to learn everything that there is to know, the devs really put some time and effort into making a new player feel welcome and it shows. It may feel discouraging to keep messing up on a single action at first (especially the super moves), but you will get the hang of it.Finally, I'd reccomend that you play with every single character to start off and see who you like and fits your playstyle. Just choosing the character with the biggest tiddys or the most revealing clothes won't do you any favors except to your willy.Now I know this isn't much of a review of the game as it is just advice of how to start but I truly think that noobies and people willing to buy this are alone in the dark when it comes to advice, sorry for sounding like an episode of Neds Declassified School Survival Guide guys.But, if you're still on the fence about this game, I'd just like to list off a few other great traits that this game has to offer:-Amazing and Fluid Animation-Art that will blow your MIND-CRAZY COMBOS-Unique cast of characters-INSANELY GOOD Soundtrack-Intriguing PresentationIf I'm being honest and non-comedic, I'd give this game an 8.7/10. Not as good as Smash Bros and Marvel vs Capcom, but cooler than Street Fighter and Tekken imo.sorry for the wall of text and rambling"
,Recommended,245170,9678445,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Schwayguy,this is some nasty♥♥♥♥♥game i hate it so much but the ♥♥♥♥♥ game ridiculous
76561198078584232,Recommended,245170,11525079,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Necrolai,"Skullgirls is a game that is fun to play, yet awkward in conversation. Nevertheless, its freakish, fanservice-y characters are one of the best parts of the game along with the mechanics that are kind to newcomers, but an enjoyable challenge to those who are savvy with the genre. If you desire interesting (and attractive) characters, a quick fast paced brawl with up to six characters each with a custom assist, combat that feels like games such as Blazblue and Guilty Gear, and that feeling of satisfaction when you execute a long and intricate combo or land that devistating super move, or just want to have a good time with your friends, then purchase this game and have fun.After that, all you have to do is play it,and make a wish."
,Recommended,245170,11541320,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,ҠίƝƓ ҠαƝƓα,"I bought this game, developed a strong mental bond with an angry veiny teenager that a cat nicknamed Scream-O-Copter, and months later I'm thankful for all of it. This isn't just a game; it's an experience."
,Recommended,245170,10989592,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,kin_sedren,"Great fighting game, love the online play!"
,Recommended,245170,11156207,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Megatauntaun,"If you want to learn fighting games this is what you play.If want to be good at fighting games this is what you play.If you want to have a good online experience this is what you play.If you enjoy jazz, electronic, and new age music this is what you play.If you like animation and vibrant, colorfully painted backgrounds this is what you play.If you want something new with your fighting games THIS IS WHAT YOU PLAY.Buy it plz. There is pantsu."
,Recommended,245170,11554446,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sigoshi #WeOverwatchNow,"Now I'm personally not one for fighter games (too many combos to learn, man), Skullgirls deserves a spot on any fighter's list of must-haves. Skullgirls has beautiful artistic design, a complex and still-unfolding storyline, and great player-developer interaction. The experience isn't so much playing the game for me as it is being a player, but if fighting games are just your thing, then I'd implore you to buy this game. Oh, and, maybe a usb fight stick too."
76561198046057447,Recommended,245170,10500320,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA,♥♥♥♥ yeah big♥♥♥♥♥♥and some crazy cartoon ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,10427706,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,DjPuffnStuff,"An amazing fighting game with a unique style. Looks great with an amazing drawn look, while they aren't modest they are far more dressed then girls in mortal kombat and street fighter lol. The gameplay is easy enough to grasp and a robust tutorial to assist in playing makes it even better. And with confirmed dlc characters that will be given for free to owners for a limited time, shows dedication to their customers."
76561198044441344,Recommended,245170,11531262,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,KayFenrir,"Fighting games are my favorite genre, so from someone who's played alot of them. Play Skullgirls. This game has an interesting feel, and though many will compare it to MVC this game is a game all its own. I highly recommend it."
76561198015077201,Recommended,245170,7429307,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Wiggly,"Play it, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! It's really good and worth the $15!"
,Recommended,245170,10549978,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Wendy,Just got the game and within the first hour.. I enjoyed it and after playing for 2+ Hours.. I loved all of it.
76561198101905724,Recommended,245170,11552361,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DankCameron & Ryan Memecartan,Skullgirls is a great game.The characters are great and their stories are really amazing.It is a good game for anyone especially for people who love street fighter!
76561198035054806,Recommended,245170,4285086,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,sara_bear,"If you like fast pasted beatumups, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,245170,7307041,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,B00m,"Whether you're here for the fighting, the character references, or the plot, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,245170,7810860,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Heartss_,it's pretty good
,Recommended,245170,7889349,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Onvityra,Skullgirls is a really gud game! I recommend.
,Recommended,245170,8243014,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Valkyrax,"One of the best fighting games i've played in a while, the attention to detail with character sprites, animations, and backgrounds make it a beautiful 2-D fighter. But a fighting game is nothing unless it's mechanics are well executed, and I have to say they are perfect here. It's even still supported with patches on a regular basis, and just recently... TRAINING MODE AI! <3"
,Recommended,245170,8292415,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Reisen Kuronov,boooooobs
,Recommended,245170,8809461,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Becca Diore,"Yo, Skill Grills may not be tourney ready but♥♥♥♥♥♥if it ain't some good clean fun."
,Recommended,245170,8833406,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mr_Maniac,"A nice little beating game with much humor, nice paintings and lots of fun."
,Recommended,245170,7549570,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,lolster,"Copied from my metacritic review so don't go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting me on how i ""stole"" it.If you are the kind of person that enjoys playing the Street Fighter Series, Marvel vs Capcom, Darksouls and more, then I highly recommend you give this game a go. The roster is full of well designed and created characters each with their own unique personalities and abilities. Action is fast paced for old school hardcore veterans with its online versus mode, while also providing the rich story telling setting and game play for a more casual audience, without ever giving up one of the two groups. With content being released at a steady pace and at Triple-A fighting game companies pace, the gameplay always remains fun and enjoyable without sacrificing the feel of the game. Plus, coming from an indie company, the quality put out is comparable to even the standard of Konami and Capcom, perhaps even better since the game is always being attended to and any bugs prominent are fixed on a matter if days. Lastly, the staff of the game is always ears open, attending to your needs and request, tweaking minor segments of the game to provide a more comfortable experience for any gamer looking to try or commit to the game.Also, the art style is something different compared to what your would see in most fighting games. With a first ever ""dark-deco"" style, you can expect beautiful art work on both the characters and the backgrounds of the many ""arenas"" you would fight in, guaranteeing your eyes will never be too confused nor bored with the scenery at hand. Even when it comes to the motion animation of the characters the character movements are fluid and well connected, so you will never experience static imagery which would ruin your game experience.Overall the gameplay is fluid and it fulfills the core element of what every fighting game should be, while also venturing away from common practices and going in a different direction, a better, brighter and more creative direction. And that is why I give Skullgirls, a solid and well deserved 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,8218617,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,InfoWars Presents: Yung F L ∀ X,Pretty ♥♥♥♥in hype
,Recommended,245170,8351484,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jacozard,"pretty cool beat em up game, again i think i gamepad is a must, this game just doen't translate well to a keyboard and mouse co♥♥♥♥♥ation. ROCK ON!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,245170,8640793,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,The Flying Ham,My favorite fighting game with more than 2 buttons.
,Recommended,245170,9151418,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Bonejob,"If you love fighting games with a cartoony style feel to them, this is definatly one you should pick up. 9/10 from me.Ps- Valentine is a great character."
,Recommended,245170,7905838,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Zeke,"While this may not look like a mechanics fighter on the front, Skullgirls has a combat system worthy of (and has been in!) tournament play. This game can be quite the learning curve if you are new to fighter games (like myself), but once you learn the way combos and super moves work, it is an amazing experience. Most fights boil down to fraction-of-a-second button and stick combination, but once you get a feel for it, you can be devastating. Of course, this game is just as fun playing with friends casually on a lazy afternoon alongside Smash Bros, or placing bets and fighting it out! I totally recommend you use a controller, I use a USB xbox 360 controller, but Skullgirls also supports those 6-button USB fighter pads, which some of my friends have.With it's unique gameplay mechanics, art style, character stories, and a development team dedicated to listening to the community, Skullgirls is a game I recommend any hardcore or casual gamer to pick up."
76561198028003960,Recommended,245170,8348662,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Riyuu,Thought it was a decent game even though I dont really like fighting games.
76561198049901278,Recommended,245170,8464563,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Door,"Intense controller smashing game. Worth the time to play and get better, combos are so rewarding and hard enough to pull off so that it takes skill."
,Recommended,245170,8537911,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ポケモン,Aj!
,Recommended,245170,22353466,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Zebra Cakes,"One of the funnest fighting games I've played. Balanced, smooth, supported by the devs, extremely addicting setting and aesthetic, waifus galore.#MinettePlayableWhen"
,Recommended,245170,19274227,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ken Masters,"BIG EDITS:1. Indivisible has been funded so good job guys.2. It has come to my attention that this game was censored.  I do not support any sort of censorship of this and the even greater/more heinous variety. It's embarrassing that I didn't know about this until recently.  Call it another game I got on the 360.  This doesn't affect gameplay mechanics or anything so call that another personal notch in all this.I've been following this game since it was just Fillia in the game.  I've been watching these devs closely ever since.  Due to many many MANY horrible things that happened to them, we weren't able to get their original vision out of this game.(IE that missing canon story mode or the two particular playable characters Marie and Umbrella that couldn't make it)Barring all of that, I can't find anything wrong with this game.  It met my expectations back when it was only called ""Skullgirls"".  Skullgirls Encore and Skullgirls 2nd Encore(Which you are getting when you purchase this game by the way), is without question even better.  It supports all sorts of controllers from your arcade stick to even a sega genesis controller.  YES, I'M DEAD SERIOUS.  This game is still being supported despite them moving on to their next project which I will talk about in a bit.  The fighting mechanics are fantastic.  The art style is dinstinct and memorable.  The soundtrack is catchy and strangely relaxing for a fighting game.  The humor is great, though occasional meme reference dates it a bit.These devs LOVE their fans and the push to add more content with the extra characters shows.  If you guys like this game, consider Indivisible.  As of writing this, it's got 9 days left in the campaign.https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/indivisible-rpg-from-the-creators-of-skullgirls/x/12493800#/storyDepending upon what happens in those next 9 days, this glowing review will either be happy or sad in hindsight.  Let's make it a happy one.  Buy this game.  Try out the prototype for Indivisible and show these dudes that we appreciate them as much as they appreciate us."
,Recommended,245170,13843762,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Louie_XO,This game is beyond amazing. Def had me saying just five more minutes over and over again
,Recommended,245170,18224850,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Konoko,"""Oh...! H-holy crap! You just juggled me and then pulled off a 69 hit combo?! That was awesome! How'd you do that?""""I... I have no idea."""
,Recommended,245170,26342333,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,mero,"I mean, there's button mashing, sooooo"
,Recommended,245170,28093444,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Antiglow (on a tiny keyboard),This was my first fighting game I have taken seriously and I have gotten pretty good at it. While I never play these sorts of games for the story I enjoyed it. The tutorials are really helpful and the online community is pretty active.10/10 pain + robo + band 4 life!Just look at all them hours on record ...beep. boop. meow(I feel bad for all the people that are late to the game and get stomped online though ...jk no I don't)
,Recommended,245170,28228282,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Neverfell,Skullgirls is an extremely fun and addictive game with awesome characters and a great soundtrack.Contols are easy to learn and special moves look stunning.overall it is a really great fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,26470177,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dmejd,"it's prety fun if you know how to play fighting games, or you're in it for the 2d grills, but if you're not in it for either then you shoudn't have bought this game you stupid idiot."
,Recommended,245170,10924355,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[{(#BB)}] Joseki,"The game is damn good. Even without the boobs. If there was a game that starred rule 63'd version of these characters in skimpy outfits and it was titled ""Sausage Fest,"" I would still buy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it."
,Recommended,245170,21882027,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Miko!!!!!,There's actually only one
,Recommended,245170,9932551,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,jericho,"waifu simulatorexcept for marie, shes a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥cunt♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245170,31174345,Posted: 16 April,all,Gamemacho,Use Big Band.Best instrument simulator  10/10
,Recommended,245170,29350269,Posted: 18 January,all,Hiro Protagonest,"Buy the 2nd Encore upgrade if you get this. 6 more characters, trial mode, fully voice-acted story, absolutely worth it.Hands-down, the single best-drawn sprites and backgrounds in any fighting game. Puts ArcSys and SNK games to shame. The designs compete with classic Guilty Gear and Killer Instinct 2013 for best designs in fighting games. But most importantly, everything breathes. Everything feels alive, in motion and full of personality. The story strikes a good balance on how dark it is, not everything's doomed but there are real problems going on.Controls are structured in a way so sensible you'll wonder why other games don't use it. Add a huge tutorial and it's beginner-friendly, if not casual. This is the type of game where you have to spend a bunch of time in Training Mode first, but I find it really fun, and I hate spending time in Training in Smash Bros. Despite the good tutorial, don't be afraid to look things up on the internet.Note for players of other fighting games: this game has full air-blocking, no air techs, and some other stuff you may need to get used to."
,Recommended,245170,11963750,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Otto Zander,"Awesome fighter, if you want to get into fighting games, get this. The tutorial is no doubt the best one ever produced, right up there with virtua fighter. Also cat puns... all the times."
,Recommended,245170,31906878,Posted: 22 May,all,Roblox Ninjago Pro,Good until your boyfriend corners you as Beowulf and spams moves causing you to break the controller that you were using to formerly kick his♥♥♥♥♥.. Good game. Nice plot.
,Recommended,245170,15555835,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Notpockets,"It's one of the easier fighting games to start off with due to it's smaller roster of characters. Although not all characters will be unlocked for you. It's still likely cheaper than a street fighter while on sale.It's by no means an easy game. If you hop online without knowing your combos, and not knowing how to block, you're going to get stomped. Even when I get slaughtered I still respect all the time and practice they put in to learn all those combos.I like the art style and I like all the characters.Not to mention sometimes you can see panties, best game i ever played."
,Recommended,245170,11929266,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Mokujo,"I'll start off with the gameplay. The gameplay is fast-paced and easy to pick up. Whenever I try out a new character, I never have to look at the command list. Many of the character's combos use the same general button patterns, so you can guess what will do a combo. I have learned to play Ms. Fortune, Fillia, Painwheel, and Squigly entirely by feel. So if you're new to fighting games, like I was, then this is the best place to start for not just the gameplay, but the art.The artwork in this game is amazing. The animation is amazingly smoothe, and I cannot praise it enough. Each frame looks profressionally hand-drawn. It's like watching a cartoon. And speaking of cartoons, the characters and NPC's all have this combination of Japanese and Eastern styles, and they are beautiful when combined with the animation."
76561198070241296,Recommended,245170,7655238,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Jyzo173,"its a great indi game, its very worth getting with ultra combo's, good music & most important HOT GIRLS!!!! who can go wrong not getting this game :)"
,Recommended,245170,9097184,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,IronBenedictMaryan,"Arcana Heart not the all-female cast fighting game you wished for? Well, this just might be what you want.The combo system is absolute perfection, the visuals scream passion with every frame, and the music is some of the best original soundtracks for not just fighting games in general, but any game for that matter. The story and mood of the game take multiple elements of story and blend them into a puree of nonstop pleasure for the mind.Indiegogo was right to support this game; it well warrants not just theirs, but it should warrant yours. Download a copy and find out what makes this game stand apart from many other indie releases."
,Recommended,245170,12183390,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Overly Happy Lesbian,Got rekt by space jesus 10/10
,Recommended,245170,12178730,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Lhun,the most balanced fighting game in existance.
76561198078930736,Recommended,245170,22828918,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,"Boyd ""The Milkman"" Cooper","An absolutely beautiful fighting with wonderful lore, characters, fighter variety,music and art. I Would say it is perfect if only Marie wasn't the most IRRITATING  boss fight in fighting game history."
76561198067799056,Recommended,245170,22729062,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Smashette,Fun and quick to pick up. I love each character and their ridiculous moves and play styles.
,Recommended,245170,27598715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Diejoubu,"One of the first few games that got me into fighters. Great animation, lovely soundtrack, fast pace and elements from many familiar fighters all together in a nice Indie package.Future's a bit uncertain anymore, but well worth checking out."
,Recommended,245170,28822798,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,noname,Runs super smoothly and you can beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta anime girls.
,Recommended,245170,28278434,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,NotJadenSmith,very goo game the beowulf VARY HOT i reccomend 100 time camriono lov suky me whil i play
,Recommended,245170,28672844,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Classy Spectre S> 1 Unusual,I've fallen in love with this game in 7 hourshelp is neededbeowulf is bs/99But seriously this game is great. Buy it and the dlc.
76561198045148419,Recommended,245170,28797920,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Prof_Zerker,"I have only played 2 hours on my steam and a about 10 more with a friend and I would suggest this game to anyone wanting to play a good fighting game, the graphics are fantastic, the gamplay is solid and the characters are awesome. Try this game if you like fighters trust me."
76561198013127756,Recommended,245170,33965588,Posted: 2 August,all,Conman540,"Definitely my favorite fighter of all time.It's fun and fast paced, but not so fast that it's impossible to keep up. The animations are so clean and beautiful. The voice acting is very fitting and never dulls out, even after hours of play. The combos are satisfying to pull off and learn. I really wish this got more love than it did, because my biggest problem is a majority of the people you will face online have owned this game for quite a while. Only the diehard fans are around anymore, so it drives away new players because of the HUGE skill gap. If you can power through it and learn the game and characters like I did, you'll be able to enjoy this game much more than you would without the training. If you aren't the kind of person to want to learn the game to enjoy it more, then it would only really be worth the buy if you're okay with fighting AI and getting stomped online. I can't really blame the game itself for the skill gap, because it's a high skillcap game. You always have to be aware of your opponent and try to be one step ahead. I love mindgames and this game is full of them. Also has one of the best tutorials I've seen in a long time. It also has one of the best training modes, so you can test any situation you can imagine.I have no idea how to end a serious review so I'll just kinda say it's 500% worth your money if you don't mind a few hours in training mode."
,Recommended,245170,23077309,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Rumpus,"Whether you're new to fighters, or a veteran at them, this is a game I highly recommend for anyone wanting to try. The story is a strong point, it holds the original ""Fight for the x"" type story, but with more depth. I do wish there were more introductions before just plainly jumping into a battle however. And then we touch on the gameplay.COMBOS!!!This game tenders a lot more to raw skill, so expect your butt to be royally kicked when playing online. Combos are harsh, and usually whoever can get one another in a 50-hit combo will be expecting a victory in no time. There's not really much of a breaker-type ability, just counters, pokes and blocks.CharactersThe strictalbeit sexycharacters are no short of vibrant personalities and traits, like the schoolgirl Filia, who has a parasite living on her head acts as majority of her attacks, and the cartoony Peacock, who has a squad of various characters and has attacks like you would see in Loony Toons.Part of the charm of this game (and most other fighters) is finding which character is right for you. There are TONS of attacks and fighting styles, although they are broken up into categories like  light kicks and heavy punches.IMPORTANT MESSAGEThe one flaw (for me at least) is that this game is incredibly hard to play without a joystickinsert joke about sexy female fighters hereSo I would highly recommend using one or getting one, so that the combos later on are actually doable. Controllers work too, but seeing as there are 6 main attack buttons, plus directional movement and an additional 2 or 3, it'll be a mess on one.Final Thoughts + ScoreSkullgirlsis a unique fighting game with a great story, solid characters and extraordinarily fun gameplay. Combos can be a bit touchy at times, but it makes up for it in gameplay. I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of fighters, or newcomers.Characters? 9Story? 8Gameplay? 9Replay Value? 8.5Overall?9 / 10."
,Recommended,245170,10686656,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,x2Madda,Welcome to Skullgirls.Now get out!http://youtu.be/O7ZOfRHUWn0Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews
,Recommended,245170,18901966,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,二千十七年十月五日,"if youre not a shitbaby and dont care about panty shots being removed then you should buy this game. it's pretty fun anyway. you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ neckbeards just complain about everything, don't you? also keep responding to this its ♥♥♥♥in hilarious"
,Recommended,245170,7969645,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Voodin,"Honestly , It's a well thawed-out game , but they still need to touch up on some of the essentials , like those damn infinity resets. The meter charge multiplier may be less and less the longer the combo , but as long as you can re-stun someone its a useless feature. I suggest playing  with those you know , most online nowadays quit when losing or use death combos"
76561198208309484,Recommended,245170,26981244,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cry,Best game ever 10/10
,Recommended,245170,31089367,Posted: 11 April,all,Marxist Cheeto,I only bought this because it had Beowulf on it. 11/10
,Recommended,245170,33714274,Posted: 22 July,all,Mr.Doodlebob,"Its hard to play a fighting game when you got a massive erection, especially with this game."
76561198143697635,Recommended,245170,33985556,Posted: 2 August,all,Big Dan,dam val ur bobbie s. mil ky
76561198342185362,Recommended,245170,29347429,Posted: 18 January,all,Bastet The Witch,"This an awesome game to play! The music, the artwork, and the diversity of each character's stories and even themselves as a person fit's in perfectly with every other aspect of this game."
76561198252524084,Recommended,245170,30868527,Posted: 31 March,all,Raizelis,Combo heavy but pretty good
,Recommended,245170,30911032,Posted: 2 April,all,damn_vegetables,"I'm not a fighting game afficionado, I mainly got this game as a fun game to play if I want some quick fun gameplay. For that, it's a great game.The graphics are pretty cool, the controls are responsive, and the gameplay as a whole is pretty good.The downside is that they decided to make what I consider something that should be in the base game DLC. ALl characters should be available in the game from the start, as well as voice acting on the story mode."
,Recommended,245170,32276220,Posted: 8 June,all,Elaiiskar,"Skullgirls is fantastic. The art style is amazing, the characters are very well drawn, and has well done fighting mechanics. Just overall the best game i've ever played, and I still come back to play it every day. Do yourself a favor and buy it, and while your at it, buy all the dlc too, it just means more story and characters to play. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,32638398,Posted: 22 June,all,Delifresh,"if you want a really fast, techy fighting game, then this may fill that niche. if you like scary punchy waifus and a cool story then this may also fill *that* niche. is the DLC worth? eh..."
,Recommended,245170,32931407,Posted: 28 June,all,Ded Meet,"Big band is best girl, no exceptions."
76561198144030398,Recommended,245170,33478721,Posted: 12 July,all,gani.igor,more characters please
,Recommended,245170,33553068,Posted: 15 July,all,Franku69,"This game is an amazing 2D fighter with stunning visuals, outstanding music, and tight mechanics. This is a wonderful experience if you have a friend to play with or a couple for that matter that is where the replay value comes in for me. The story mode doesn't really have much replayability and my other complaint I really have with the game is that most of the content like extra characters and costumes are blocked behind the 2nd Encore DLC which is 14.99 which is kinda crazy for a DLC but you can avoid this by going to other various websites that i cant mention because steam blocks them sadly. Besides those two problems this game is a wonderful gem but keep in mind it's best for multiplayer instead of singleplayer."
76561198104874012,Recommended,245170,34120522,Posted: 9 August,all,Our Glorious Leader,Have you ever dreamed about and wanted a 2D figting game with overly sexualized women?Neither did i!But here i am anyways10/10
,Recommended,245170,34723625,Posted: 3 September,all,Pyronizer,There's a waifu for any type of man. (Or woman if you're into that♥♥♥♥♥♥)
,Recommended,245170,35009038,Posted: 16 September,all,scootasway,waifu game
,Recommended,245170,35101522,Posted: 21 September,all,Quazniac,"Slick animation, great original music and setting. Plays amazing and it feels great to just watch the match be played out. Characters are balenced, gameplay polished to perfection, fun characters with a bunch of playstyle diversity. It holds its own agaisnt the grandfathers of fighters, having potential to become a widely played game in tournaments. I've gotten less paying for 60 dollars on games in the past. It's rewarding, fun, and a blast to play with friends.Now that I jerked it off, time to be fair and list some of the downsides.Many characters are DLC, which is fine but IMO are the most interesting and have the most flushed out backstories. You also have to pay for voiced dialog, which comes off as an unessessary hurdle. Once you do get the voice acting it is fantastic, but I think the devs could've included it with the base game. As great as the music is, sometimes it doesn't fit the mood of the fight, I'd suggest maybe a jazzier take on the soundtrack, maybe even have some big band swing in there, would fit so much better with the tone of the game.And probably the biggest problem with the game. If you decide to go online be prepared to get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you about every match, that goes without saying the games combos are a bit difficult to pull of, and it'll take practice, but thats not what I'm complaining about.If someone online lands a single hit on you, and they know what they're doing, they'll just knock you in a conor and combo you into oblivion, with very few chances to escape or recover. Maybe in future titles they could implement a combo breaker, or a lesser form of it to give the player getting their asses kicked a chance to fight back.All in all, I love the game. Even with all the cons, it's still an amazing time to play, and I'm serious about playing with friends, thats some of the most fun you'll have on the game, and its a blast.My only regret is not getting the game sooner, and I hope the devs are planning on a sequel soon, you can bet I'll be the first to get it."
,Recommended,245170,26939858,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WTFLevi,Its ♥♥♥♥ing wonderful
,Recommended,245170,30023982,Posted: 18 February,all,mankitsu happening ep 4,I got this as a gift I swear
76561198062596703,Recommended,245170,32088250,Posted: 31 May,all,Lao B. Alovus,anime titys
,Recommended,245170,33577362,Posted: 15 July,all,Bringerofpizza,"I used to think that I didn't like fighting games, then I found this work of art.Pros: Made me reconsider my stance on fighting gamesCONS: Made me reconsider other things (am I Gay? Do I really like Tacos? Is Harambe really dead?)"
76561198110852711,Recommended,245170,34365886,Posted: 19 August,all,PineApple,"Fantastic team fighter with beautiful art and diverse characters. I would recomend to anyone who enjoys fighting games, or anyone who wants to learn, as it has one of the best tutorials I've ever seen. Overall, great game solid 9/10"
,Recommended,245170,34784931,Posted: 6 September,all,Hentai363,This game is fun I guess I just can't get blockbusters down. I love beowulf he is the best character no one can tell me otherwise. 287 pounds of folded steel/sex appeal.
,Recommended,245170,34871104,Posted: 10 September,all,ThatOneSpookover,BOOBS
,Recommended,245170,29897153,Posted: 13 February,all,Mr.Carl Karlson,100 frames of boob animation/10
,Recommended,245170,31441264,Posted: 29 April,all,BOBtheman2000,Online mode is a great Cerebella simulator
76561198055693421,Recommended,245170,32280152,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,"Great and unique 2-d fighting game.  I've beaten the game with nearly all characters.  THE BIGGEST downside, however, is the fact I have to install the beta version to play as Beowulf.. that's pretty lame.  5GB install for one character?  Meh..BUT, the combos and styles of characters make this game HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to Street Fighter fans.  Mortal Kombat fans?  Go away, no one likes you.  FINISH HIM!  'No dude, finish yourself and quit screaming at me..'"
76561198075118713,Recommended,245170,33400354,Posted: 9 July,all,n O. s L E E P,I was born in the right generation
,Recommended,245170,29885725,Posted: 12 February,all,Remulo,Pretty sweet fighting game
,Recommended,245170,34155899,Posted: 10 August,all,ZzZ | eLyZa,One of the best fighting games that I have ever played 9/10 y did devs stop development :(
,Recommended,245170,35132081,Posted: 22 September,all,ジザ.glitchdoll 💾,The characters of this game makes me question my gender sexuality
76561198073490765,Recommended,245170,30138492,Posted: 24 February,all,your a man of culture as well,good game
,Recommended,245170,23455851,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Poring,"This is an excellent indie, keyboard controls are quite hard,  but the main story it's just perfect,  one of my favorite games 10/10PS: Parasoul best waifu <3"
,Recommended,245170,12525009,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,♥ Gia ♥,"It said ""SKULLGIRLS"" and now there is a playable MALE character? 10/10!I guess Skullpeople didn't sound that awesome.....Still, a fluid combo based fighting game with bouncing cartoon♥♥♥♥♥♥can't be wrong, it's a game full of Mai Shiranui♥♥♥♥♥physics."
,Recommended,245170,13970123,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,D2Synua,"If you like fighting games you have no reason to even read a review for the game, just get it."
,Recommended,245170,34115686,Posted: 8 August,all,Nobody,hot wommen me smash
,Recommended,245170,34217193,Posted: 13 August,all,HolyJunkie,what even are fighting games?
76561198144069011,Recommended,245170,11720497,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Kindred,Yes
,Recommended,245170,16235457,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,EmperorAnn,"Wow, this is SUCH a steal. A fighting game, AND HENTAI. WHO ELSE LEARNED TO PLAY WITH ONE HAND? 11/10 - IGN, Gaben OP af. Feminists beward, or b!tch to them, I don't care      :^)Actual Review : Pretty f*cking good. It's a solid game overall with a somewhat confusing combat system, yet can be easily learned. PLEASE FOR F*CK SAKES, NERF THE MALE FIGHTERS. DEAR CHRIST! I CAN'T DO THIS F*CKING REVIEW ANYMORE!Come on do the review-NO, I'M F*CKING DONE. F*CK THEM. F*CK THEM ALL.JUST READ THE GOD-DAMN SCRIPT!NO, F*CKING NO. F*CK THE MALE FIGHTERS. SUCK MY CHODE B*TCHUhhh, so the reviewer left. So uhh... 9 1/2 out of 10- COME ON, COME BACK"
,Recommended,245170,7974594,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dad,ders girls nd skuls n its gud
76561198098285242,Recommended,245170,25504427,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ｓ ｐ ｏ ｏ ｋ ｓ,Top-tier waifu simulator.
,Recommended,245170,25596307,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,GANBATTE ABE-SAN!!!!,its ok
,Recommended,245170,23999178,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Herr Doktor,Best game ever. If you wanna lose some friends buy Eliza.10/10 would lose friends again.
,Recommended,245170,23813855,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Easytraveller,"I love this game,but it is a little difficult for me..."
,Recommended,245170,16146458,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Harley,"The majority of fighting games are content to quietly iterate their core ideas. Skullgirls breaks new ground, creating one of the most impressive examples of the genre of the past five years.Every fighter is distinct. To break past Peacock's barrage of cartoon bombs, bullets and anvils, reassembling cat-girl Ms Fortune can toss her detached head and dash in while it gnaws away. If undead opera singer Squigly overwhelms sadistic nurse Valentine, the medic can slow her attacks with vicious poison. Where other games stuff their rosters with variants on the same few character types, Skullgirls' dedication to diversity is refreshing.The downside to this is a meagre roster of just nine characters. The game permits teams of up to three, so a more ample lineup would seem like a must. Three new crowdfunded fighters are currently making their way into the game, but until they arrive the character pool is going to feel sparse.Inspired by '30s and '40s cinema, Skullgirls' art style is gorgeous: lavish environmental ornamentation mixed with murky amber hues. Thousands of frames of hand-drawn animation bring a spirited smoothness to each character – such as the liquid ripples and twists of shapeshifter Double. This deft presentation turns the combat into an elaborate dance that looks just as smooth as it feels.Despite the sophisticated art style, almost every fighter is awkwardly sexualised. In a more crass brawler it wouldn't be surprising to see femme fatales with copious cleavage, but the way Skullgirls splices panty shots with elegant attacks is incongruent with the maturity of the design elsewhere. It might be a plus to some, but it comes across as an attempt at juvenile titillation, making the game hard to take seriously.The developers' experience in the fighting game scene pays off in Skullgirls' tutorials and training mode. Where other games are happy to rattle off lists of combos, here a comprehensive suite of lessons imparts basics and advanced concepts alike. The training room is similarly full-featured, providing the complex frame data and hitbox info that top-level players need to improve their game. It's a great entry point to the genre for new playersOnline play lacks automated matchmaking, but a simple lobby system enables you to find sparring partners the old-fashioned way. Impressively, the netcode supports ~200-ping fights without a hiccup. Low player counts can be an issue, but can't be blamed on the game's online implementation.Skullgirls' flaws are ultimately outshone by its achievements, particularly in reaching out to new players. It does a better job of making fighting games accessible than any of its competitors, and there's real skill in the execution of its dashing art style. Issues aside, it's deserving of a place in fighting game history.THE VERDICT95/100SkullgirlsA sharp, snazzy and accessible fighting game, held back by the unnecessary sexualisation of its antagonists."
,Recommended,245170,30741924,Posted: 25 March,all,PRESTOSTERONE,i like boobs
,Recommended,245170,31346943,Posted: 24 April,all,Gry,Pretty fun fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,32880494,Posted: 27 June,all,monstermatte,Thiccgirls10/10 (;
,Recommended,245170,33123503,Posted: 2 July,all,ＷｒａｔｈＨＤ,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,34704523,Posted: 3 September,all,Zen | Zero,quality husBANDo 10/10
,Recommended,245170,14026230,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,West,I found it quite hard not to fap to while attempting to actually play the game. 11/10 would fap again.
,Recommended,245170,15411140,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Winstontaneous,"I'd just like to point out that I'm not a Japanophile or ""weeabo"" and animated jiggly bits arent doing anything for me.So what do I think of Skullgirls?It's a damn good fighting game.Pros: Controls are pretty tight and responsive, and an Xbax controller is reccommended, I think.Characters are very punny. (Peacock and Squigly are my faves)Story mode and arcade mode and LOCAL PVP!!!Cons: The roster is pretty damn small. 8 characters. More are coming potentially, there are already 3 available for DLC.Additional character$ are DLC. $orry did I $ay that already? ($$$) Yeah major boner killer.Online PVP mostly sucks, but I could be saying that because I'm the only noob and I consistently get the♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked out of me.Final verdict: 8/10 - Twitchy 2D-fighting action and high skill ceiling for the hardcore gamers out there. Only downsides are the small roster, and the fact that you have to PAY for more characters, and the relatively not great online PVP. According to one reviewer."
76561198070995407,Recommended,245170,7945790,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hollowkoopa,Anime♥♥♥♥♥♥..........enough said.
,Recommended,245170,10669372,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,-DaRkStAr-,"Need dat Marvel hype, But without all the d‪‫‬‭icks? Skullgirls."
,Recommended,245170,10660341,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,High Noon Drifter,MHMGOOD FIGHTING GAME.PEACOCK IS QUITE THE CHARACTER.
,Recommended,245170,9696043,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,The Silkiest,"It's Marvel vs Capcom 2.  But with Waifus.  It's literally Mahvel, complete with Mahvel BS.  But you know.  Waifus.  It's also one of the most supported western fighting games out right now.  Waifus.Ratio system's dumb though."
,Recommended,245170,10783583,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bushoti,i keep getting dominated
76561198022707101,Recommended,245170,11783599,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Gentle_Giant32,If you love ladies with a great set of drawings and then making those drawings fight you should buy this game immediately. Unless you're some sort of feminist. Then stay the hell away.
,Recommended,245170,8645756,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,blankets,yo this game easy i pick the hardest character (cerebella) and i wreck peoples♥♥♥♥♥♥all day ♥♥♥♥in easy
,Recommended,245170,8074083,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,M A U I,"I had this game during the trial run, I must say, this is one of the best indie games I have ever played. Very good game, although there wasn't a very long story line, especially combining all of the characters; but, this was made up for by adding challenging, but fun, arcade mode. Great job on the game, highly recomend it."
76561197992829159,Recommended,245170,16012386,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Vizer,cool
76561198105713576,Recommended,245170,8603296,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,"Sly ""Good Cop, Bad Cop"" Coper",aahhhhhhhhhh ♥♥♥♥♥♥ efter allt brunkande till karaktärerna 10/10 på brösten
,Recommended,245170,10663819,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,「Star Dream」,yo this game is super rad
,Recommended,245170,10398045,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Sleepy Owl,Waifu Kombat!
,Recommended,245170,11388593,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,绝望的生活,Panties. 11/10
76561198121265688,Recommended,245170,11133791,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,SpookyCookie,tons of girls
76561198046912940,Recommended,245170,25961967,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Neil Higgnz,this best fight game ever?? you have big boy and he trumpet man which cool. cooler than koodies grss haha eww grls X3
76561198043329060,Recommended,245170,7536728,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Araxtos,"This is one of the best fighting games of the last years. Great gameplay , beatifull handrawn graphics and really good soundtrack. Don't get discouraged by the number of fighters because all of them are unique and fun to play with.Plus the game is really cheap and has the best online."
,Recommended,245170,23731188,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Soft Machine,Hyper-Realistic Girly ScreamsHand-DrawnIt's a must-buy.
,Recommended,245170,8075452,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,K3LTR0N,a plus
,Recommended,245170,16449855,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mileena Is Hella Gay,Mom. Dad...... Im Sorry. Im So sorry.
76561198347353057,Recommended,245170,30865565,Posted: 31 March,all,[Leaf Me Alone],very fun 10/10
,Recommended,245170,9026097,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,chud puds,fighting games almost as bad as mobas. a must play
,Recommended,245170,10894915,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cinder,slapping around your friends oppais has never been so fun!
,Recommended,245170,11916450,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,made the awesome list,fun and challenging
,Recommended,245170,10109053,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,monkaMega,Bouncing mammary glands.
76561198085079344,Recommended,245170,10982607,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Snake,Great Gramphics
,Recommended,245170,9758723,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Eureka Senpai,"EDIT:Woah devs, you shouldn't have done that you know, being ashamed of you own creation. I never realized you removed the panties to be honest. Until this edit. I am disguted by the fact you guys are ashamed of your own game. I think original frames should be randomly shown or at least, a option should be put on launch options to set the pantsu free.*Still can't play it near my parents, or anyone."
,Recommended,245170,24311417,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,NAP | puppychi ♡,playing against peacock makes me want to kill myself
,Recommended,245170,12295996,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,:RoboThinking:,Boobs and FIghtingI dont really know what else a guy wantsKappa
,Recommended,245170,11570301,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,bread,really fantastic art and the it's is a lot easier to pick up than most fighting games
,Recommended,245170,15328866,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,4,made me gay
,Recommended,245170,10890388,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Cloverking,"I really like the bouncing jiggling booSPRITEWORK.Oh and also the boobs, have you seen the boobs?"
76561198142249100,Recommended,245170,11208537,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Fujiki Gennosuke,nice game !
,Recommended,245170,24267147,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Toge,i like the girls in this
,Recommended,245170,18836522,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,✯ Futaba ✯,Beat Your Friend's Waifu Simulator 20Something
,Recommended,245170,24085166,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,chico,"damn!!! how much i have miss this ♥♥♥♥ing feeling of playing in the arcade.the controller of this game is the same like those from the arcade, though it doesnt have those joystickbut man how i love playing arcade style fighting gameand the game, it is very nice and fast pace too, its perfect."
76561198276510818,Recommended,245170,30820177,Posted: 29 March,all,Toro Inoue,I Think That This Game Is Very Amazeing And I Love It A Lot
,Recommended,245170,11582095,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Jimmy P,10/10 hot anime grills with bewbs
,Recommended,245170,23853505,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,parkour rosche,Not much to say that hasn't already been said but it's one of the better fighters I've had the privilege to play over the last few years. The characters are definitely a plus and so is the lore.
,Recommended,245170,23732331,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,*Noose Noises*,"Thought I was doing prety well.Then I tried online mode, and got perma comboed 6 times in a row.One day I'll know how to combo break..."
,Recommended,245170,23786954,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,A Buffalo☭ | G.J Gardener Homes,People judge me because I play thisI'd like to tell them to ♥♥♥♥ off and die
,Recommended,245170,24004459,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Massovmaniac,"Good selection of characters and overall, good, inexpensive 2d fighting game"
76561198070992254,Recommended,245170,24083233,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sonicexcel,"Now i bought this game and all its DLC while it was on the steam sale so i got this for pretty cheap compared to what it is normally but will say i do not regret buying this game. This game is a very fun and very polished fighter compared to most Triple A fighters like Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat.Pros:-Very fast Fighting mechanics Similiar to Killer instinct.-Good Training and tutorial for those new or Casual Fighting game players.-Single, Tag, and Triple Team options for matches both offline and Online.-Online Net code is pretty stable.-Lobby play for streamers that want to play with viewers. Up to 8 man lobbies with Everyone can watch 1 match OR all can play their own matches.-Fluid and stylish Animations for characters.Cons:-Story mode for each character seems Rather short and lacking a lot of background or backstory for most characters like Filia, and Ms. Fortune.-Small roster 8 total characters if you dont buy the DLC 15 total with all the DLC-2 DLC characters are reskins of 2 established characters with different move sets. Fukka = Filia, Robo Fortune = Ms. Fortune-Some odd hitboxes for some characters like Peacock's Hat hit box is a little off centered due to her animations and Valentine's hit box spreads through the space separating her legs.Overall i say this game is worth the price and the additional characters are worth looking at but i can only say i recommend this game to casual players as this game doesnt have a very big roster that competitive players like. especially compared to like fighters like Guilty Gear, Street fighter, and Killer instinct."
,Recommended,245170,23714722,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Antimatter Cat,It's a beautiful looking game with intricate art and a lot of fanservice. Miss Fortune is the best. Buy this game if you want it.
,Recommended,245170,24064939,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,King Cheg,"Have you ever watched a show and, once at the end, were a little disappointed.Not because the show was bad but because it ended far too soon.Those are my feelings on Skullgirls.And this is the only fighting game I play because I really want to play it.It has some of the most amazing character designs out there, which so much personality jam packed into each one.But when you look at all the characters that could've been added in regards to the small character pool, you can't help but get the feeling of wanting more.And to add insult to injury, some show up in other characters blockbusters or in the backgrounds.I love Skullgirls because it's amazing and the only fighting game I enjoy.I just wish it had more because it's so good."
,Recommended,245170,24089836,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,^2Grassgrow,"Good game, very nice. Love the art style, and mechanics are just as deep if not deeper than other popular fighting games!"
76561198071429626,Recommended,245170,19559319,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Angel,"Skullgirls is a 2D action fighter consisting of beautifully hand drawn frames of cute and fanservice-y girls (and like 2 guys) with a 1920s setting to their story. This is a fighting game that is similar to MvC2 with the team setups and decently long combo routes (might seem endless to newer players). Each character has their own individual feel and playstyle (even the reskin character surprisingly) with the small roster of 14 characters. Even if you aren't a regular to fighting games, this game is great to pick up with friends (of equal skill levels) and just enjoy a night of classic fighting games with cute girls. Also if you are a weeb, the game has japanese voices, anime skins and references.GraphicsThe game has amazing visuals, all hand drawn and totalling over 1000 frames for each character, the backgrounds are amazing (you can even snag some of these backgrounds for your steam profile pic upon crafting the badge).MusicThe game features music that is styled around the 1920s contemporary era, with jazzy tracks and some cartoony ones. The soundtrack is amazing for what they tried to emulate and really makes this indie go above and beyond.ControlsWhile the game is compatible with Xbox, PS4 and other gamepads including fight-sticks, the game runs surprisingly well on keyboard (which is what I use). Keep in mind you do need a mechanical keyboard, as regular keyboards may drop inputs due to ghosting/rollover, if you don't have any controllers or a keyboard with anti-ghosting/rollover, you might have a hard time. That being said I would recommend a hitbox setup on keyboard (https://puu.sh/wLcYO.png), you can also use wasd if you really want.Single-playerAlthough it is a fighting game, you always gotta have a story mode to go along with it for those of us who would never dream of going online (or just have no friends to play it with). That being said the story mode that is offered is shown in a visual novel style, with scrolling text and sprites followed by fighting cpu opponents that appear. If you have the 2nd encore DLC, the story mode will also feature full voiceacting which is quite exceptional. That being said the story mode is still well worth the money for what you get; each individual character story draws out their background and personalities. Although the story mode feels a little short, each story was still quite satisfying for me. Word of advise, don't do Fukua's story first.GameplayBefore I talk about the game, I just need to say that the tutorial is fantastic, lots of the concepts are shared with other fighting games so you're not doing the tutorial for just skullgirls, you're doing the tutorial for fighting games in general. So don't worry if you can't finish the tutorial in one go, since it gets pretty challenging (looking at you chapter 4, lessons 4-7), just go play some actual games and come back to do it later.This is my first fighting game, so I cant really compare this to other fighting games.However, the gameplay feels nice and smooth, blocking and hit confirming have clear animations for you to react to. Combos feel lenient enough to do even on 200 ping (screw you one frame links, barely any of those here) provided you have learned them first. Games can be played with up to 3 characters and is balanced regardless of how many you and your opponent picks(making 3v1s fair to an extent). Since this game is more combo based than a game like SFV, combos are decently long, 3-5 chains before you can act again, however the game implements a system called IPS which will trigger if your opponent makes a combo too long, allowing you to ""burst"" out of it and push them away if it connects.Instead of longer combos higher level players will do what is called a reset, which is intentionally dropping the combo and hitting you where you least expect it, thus pulling off what seems to be an 'endless' combo. Characters are fairly balanced, with no 1 character being super op, so ignore those tier lists. The games super moves, aka ""blockbusters"" all have a flashy cinematic that is played when executed along with the characters unique super move, these look and feel great to use(when you actually hit them).Multi-playerAlright, we all know that multiplayer is the most important thing in fighting games, so how does skullgirls hold up?For starters, Skullgirls adapts the GGPO netcode, which helps reduce ping/lag. Skullgirls has two main online modes, quick match and lobby play. Lobby play gives you the ability to make a lobby for up to 8 people, who can all play at the same time, each playing 1 opponent (Ie, a 1v1, 1v1, 1v1, 1v1 style), if there is an odd number of people who have readied up, the odd one out will spectate a match. Lobbies are great for playing a variety of people at the same time, provided that they don't glitch out sometimes in which case you'll have to remake the lobby.Onto Quick match, which is the notorious mode that makes many people quit. Quick match used to matchmake based on skill (or hours played, idk) but since the online match mode was not that populated, they changed it just to match based on ping to give people matches to play rather than waiting forever. This is quite discouraging for many new players when they start quick match and face a player with hundreds of hours who will seemingly endless combo them due to the lack of experience. So a word of warning, if you are new, DON'T DO QUICK MATCH (unless you like getting destroyed), you're better off going to lobbies, there will usually be one for casual beginner matches (if there isnt a lobby for beginners, you can totally make one yourself).ConsWhile i may be biased towards the game, I will still list common negatives I come across frequently.Learning curve, like any fighting game, to play the game well, you need to hit up training mode of a couple hours to work on combos and movesets, while the game does make inputs for special moves easier, theres no denying you still need to practise combos alone to even fight against other higher skilled players.Lack of ingame online players, the game usually sits around 200-400 players on any given day, this means that quick match will be filled with high level players who stick around and new players will always get destroyed and most likely quit the game because they feel discouraged after getting perfected. This is the main negative point for this game I feel as a fighting game is heavily based upon its community. While there are lots of nice players within the skullgirls community, sometimes you just can't find someone to play with.If you don't have any friends to play this game with and you are a new player, or just a player who wants to get better, I would highly consider joining the Skullgirls reddit discord and the Skullgirls get gr8 steam group, it sucks that you need to use discord to find players around your skill level, but its the most our community can do at this point. Skullheart forum is good toToo much fanservice, some of you many not like the depiction of over the top fanservice this game uses or just don't like the artstyle, or 'anime' fighters. Of course this could also be a positive for you depending on how you look at it ;)SummaryWorth a buy - I would highly recommend this game if you are a fighting game fan and like the anime-ish artstyle and MvC2 fighting mechanicsWorth a buy only on sale - Would highly reccomend a purchase on sale if you are interested in getting into fighting games. As well as a cool fighting game to play with your buddies on a friday night. Even for just the story mode, may be worth the price on sale.Not worth a buy - Fighting games aren't your thing and your not a weeb. Only interested in quick matches. Don't use discord(where the communities at).Keep in mind I am slightly biased towards the game cause its so"
76561198091576930,Recommended,245170,23868501,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cinderella's Bad Day,"I love 2D fighting games with a good story, and if you do too, this should be right up your alley.I do think the stories of Blazblue and Guilty Gear are better than this, but the cons with both still put Skullgirls high up on the playing field with my two previous fighting game loves.I adore Skullgirls, succinctly; if you like fun 2D fighters, you likely will too."
,Recommended,245170,22695797,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,"Дарова, ебать!",WinLose5731God! IHATElove this game -BOOBS. Meow :3
76561198090784591,Recommended,245170,22835636,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,ZeroChannel,I tried using my left hand to play but my right hand was better....god dont you just love pause screens?
,Recommended,245170,23240707,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,GG8 | Floots,"Game is broken. MikeZ, fix game pls. 0/10"
,Recommended,245170,18324328,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Reyane,"Game is fun, coming from a person that doesn't enjoy this kind of game. It's a solid 3/10 sadly.PS. Marie 300%? What is this? A battle to test your patience? Or When you want to contact steam for a refund, cause i recall a good challenge uses both your mind and responce times. Not up againts someone thats OP as all heck, that you cant even beat her, unless you cheat. Lol."
,Recommended,245170,29509708,Posted: 26 January,all,something about tyrande,"This is one of the best looking, most fun and entertaining fighting games I've played.Easy to learn, but hard to master, which the game really makes you want to do!Can't wait to waste all of my time improving on this fantastic game.Also anime girls with boobsRating: 9/10"
76561197995593624,Recommended,245170,7844853,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Ashi Woof,"Skullgirls is Amazing, and Deserves more time to shine.Its done the most amazing thing: Explain how Fighting games can be compeitive. It a 2d side to side fighting, yes, but it is ridiclously fun when you know what your doing, Right now I can Beat hard mode story and Arcade.Seriously, Buy, Play this game, And fight me."
,Recommended,245170,10961448,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Hel,lots of boobs. 10/10 would reccomend
76561198055677938,Recommended,245170,8159215,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,FizzyBits,"The art is fantastic, Jazz music makes me tingle. Possibly one of the best fighting games i ever played. I DEMAND MORE CHARACTERS =D"
,Recommended,245170,7944842,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,MishMash,Warning only 4 scrubs!
,Recommended,245170,8388056,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Coconut Head,"Super awesome fighting game. Although the number of (current) characters is rather low comparred to other fighting games, they are all very unique and beatifully animated, the customizable team size is awesome, and the turtorial mode makes it easier for those new to fighting games to enjoy."
76561198063155307,Recommended,245170,9666441,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,✦Happy_GD✦,I have NEVER played a fighting game ever befor but this game is great i think you should buy it BUT if you want it make sure you have a controller because the keybored controlls to me are hard to do but when you get one this game is wonderful it has a great tutorial for new comers so when you get the money buy this game if you like fighting games or want to get in to fighting games.
,Recommended,245170,33115092,Posted: 1 July,all,Ｃｈａｉｋａ,so nice
76561198022711313,Recommended,245170,7779694,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,aironneil,"The game is exactly as advertised: a great fighting game with great animation. I just feel like fighting games now days should have more options than they do though. It's basically, just a short campaign for each character, and the ability to fight with your friends. That's about it. I still recommend it because, for one, the fighting system is pretty solid; every character seems to be very balanced in their own ways. The other reason is because it is exactly as advertised and sometimes people don't care about a lack of options."
76561198105725276,Recommended,245170,20332976,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Naïrb Shägmeister,"A solid fighting game with cool characters. Also, there are boobs. Just saying. 10/10 would look at boobs again."
76561198296503198,Not Recommended,245170,22398617,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,OPEKO,Dont buy this game.
76561198113100038,Recommended,245170,23777291,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr. Platinum,"Everything is confusing af when using keyboard, and there isn't much explanation, but the tiddies tho 👌"
,Recommended,245170,16321353,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,kilobyteboat,Please help
,Recommended,245170,22993177,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,TheRandomizedOne,it is one simple fun fighting game with awesome characters and it has to be a cool pc game for fighting fans
,Recommended,245170,22890214,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Nasu,"A game filled with some of the best animations/spritework since SFIII. Truly a must play for any fighting game fan or fan of animation in general. With a jazzy soundtrack and 30's vibe, it's a nice laidback experience to the usual ""in-your-face"" aesthestic of most fighters. Each character is unique and the voice actor's really make them shine. Background work is just as beautiful as the characters in front of them.Just buy it."
76561198057010036,Recommended,245170,16883799,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,于天齐,tutorials are harder than the enemies 11/11
,Recommended,245170,31344570,Posted: 24 April,all,「DOCTOR FUNK」,"filia is my wife, claimed"
,Recommended,245170,34112713,Posted: 8 August,all,Im Dm 🎃,Peacock is the only girl.
,Recommended,245170,29754339,Posted: 6 February,all,TürK GenÇlik,"Not enough panty shots, otherwise good."
76561198069122702,Recommended,245170,29996996,Posted: 17 February,all,Villemand,Pros: Breast and hat.Cons: Too many breast.
,Recommended,245170,32119543,Posted: 1 June,all,Pandora,Squigly best girl
76561198113978679,Recommended,245170,32573631,Posted: 19 June,all,DaddyOFive,boobs lol
,Recommended,245170,33183302,Posted: 3 July,all,Telminator,Big Band is superior waifu
,Recommended,245170,33207262,Posted: 3 July,all,ochinchin,DIVERTIDO PRA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PUTA♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DINHEIRO MAIS BEM GASTO DA MINHA VIDA
,Recommended,245170,34739916,Posted: 4 September,all,Mark,On par with smash 4
,Recommended,245170,30450718,Posted: 11 March,all,Spooky Meawk tc,"This game is really fun, but the controls are horrible and changing them is diffficult imo."
,Recommended,245170,29812043,Posted: 9 February,all,misooki,buy it
,Recommended,245170,33591732,Posted: 16 July,all,1st Lt. Helene [34thID],One of the best fighting games ive ever played! If you re like me and love Xmen vs street fighter you will love this one
,Recommended,245170,7818330,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,wat 2 hekk??,♥♥♥♥♥
76561197961354589,Recommended,245170,11424242,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,-KJ-,fun game
76561198061269273,Recommended,245170,11461215,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,夜の雨.Amaya,Great game to pass time on.
76561198043340009,Recommended,245170,11466080,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ultimate Warrior,"Skullgirls est un super beau jeu visuelement, avec des personnages interessant a jouer, chacun a sont style, aucun personnage n'est pareille. Les différents presonnges peuvent etre facile a comprendre expliquer par un tres bon tutorial facultatif, par contre maîtriser un personnage peux prendre un peu plus de temps. La mechaniques du nomdre de personnage que le joueur veut utiliser est ingénieuse, offrant une grande variété de stratégie pour les combats: choix de un seul personnage très puissant jusqu'a trois personnages moins puissant mais que l'ont peut faire des assit et changer de personnage durant le combat. L'un des rare ''fighting game'' auquel j'ai accroché. Seul point négatif est le boss ''Marie'' et ''Marie 300%'' qui sont excessivement difficile. Le jeu vien aussi avec une version beta auquel les joeurs peuvent tester les changements avenir dans les prochaine version future du jeu. Un must pour tous les fan de ''fighting game'' vous ne serez pas déçu!!"
,Recommended,245170,11470585,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,spooki dbesd,I'll be honest.I only know about this game because of ZONE.
,Recommended,245170,5707018,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,boom,This game <3 Can't put it into words you just have ti play it. Such a good fighting game in all aspects
,Recommended,245170,6322755,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Animate Top Hat,"Reasons why I like Skullgirls:*It has a variety of characters with unique look and personality*Every dlc character is free for 3 month`s when they are released*REFERENCE`S*Every single character has an backstory that is reflecting their personalitie`s*Every stage, character etc. Are made by hand*COMBO`S. GALORE.And that`s about everything (I guess)."
,Recommended,245170,7554761,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Effigy,"More balanced (for now!) than Street Fighter, and unlike MK9 (Screw you Netherrealms and High Voltage) it actually WORKS on the PC.I love, love, LOVE the animation and feel of this game. The combat system is fun and works smoothly, and the story is pretty darn cool. I'll be interested to see how balance is maintained as more characters are added to the roster.The only thing I have against it is Marie, the final boss. I can't understand why she is what she is. I'd rather fight Seth and Shao Khan as a tag team with a right bleed and sticky B. She's so broken it's uninteresting to fight her. I hope, hope, HOPE that she's only this way temporarily because the Dev just didn't have the time to code anything more balanced at the time. I await the day that ""Completely re-worked Marie!"" headlines the patch notes.Dispite Marie, this game is worth every penny, now go buy it!"
76561198042005792,Recommended,245170,11607436,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,施尔文,I am a horrible noob at this game and it's super fun and amazing.The tutorial is also incredible and amazing and probably one of the best things ever.
,Recommended,245170,11739007,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Fenell,"Although fighting games aren't usually my thing (because they get on my nerves quite easily), Skullgirls is a really well polished experience with a very flexible and responsive gameplay. Matches are quick and always fun to play, and the characters offer a nice variety of combat styles to use. Its visual style is delightful, perfectly complemented by its soundtrack and amazing voice acting. If you're looking for a quick paced fighting game, Skullgirls is your place to go."
,Recommended,245170,11756708,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Fly Samurai,"One hand on your joystick, the other hand on your joystick.10/10, should have picked up more tissues from Wal-Mart."
,Recommended,245170,11758346,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Cloud Strife,I recommend  for just it's type and style of fighting stories multiplayer with friends online is just a no because lot of people create so much cheap tatics where you cant fight on my friends list nobody but one person knows the game because they either dont know about it and I like to kick some of your asses  because why not it's a fighter. The point is it's really fun in multiplayer with your own friends not local online and fighting style with these smexy women yes just yes.
,Recommended,245170,11762033,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,シェーン,"Beautiful women fighting each other in brutal deadly combat....what more could you ask for?Skullgirls brings the fighting genre to a new level with its amazing story and combat. The game is quite balanced and still being patched and tweaked to this day. It's really enjoyable and easy to pick up, although hard to master. Look around on youtube if you want to learn good combos and stuff unless you are just unearthly amazing at fighting games, then go to town. Overall 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,11782511,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Rikka XIII,Awesome game!
,Recommended,245170,11794456,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Young Thug Makoto,The game has great porn for it.
,Recommended,245170,1622884,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,MasterWhatever,"My eye was caught with the beautiful and familiar art. Looking into it more and I found a brilliant fighter. Tight controls and a colourful (yet limited) roster, stages that are playful with a mix of originals and tributes. My only negative find is the lack of a better soundtrack. Not a serious issue but a small nitpick for me. This game delivers in the long run a great experience for new and veteran fighters."
,Recommended,245170,1967802,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Aloname,"I can't describe in words how amazing this game is! It's just so fun and fluid, really easy to pick up at start and increase your skills in fighting games. And the amount of time and effort these guys seem to put into this game is really touching and exciting. It's always updating and always adding new features and I enjoy any second I'm playing this (and I played it a lot)A must have!"
,Recommended,245170,7452309,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Escalipse,"Skullgirls is a combo-based fighting game that originates from Kickstarter. Like most fighting games, it has a high skill ceiling and demands good execution from the player. Easier to get into for fighting game veterans but still fun for everyone.Word of advice for beginner fighters: Don't buy this unless you have an arcade stick or a good gamepad. Keyboards are not meant for fighting games and the gameplay is demanding enough as is.+Updates many times a week+Pretty strong community+Excellent tutorial which teaches you the basics of all fighting games+Nice art style+Beautiful animation+Good music+/- Visual novel-styled intros and cutscenes. I would have preferred some animation in these.-Small character roster. More characters are on the way, although slowly."
76561198039114130,Recommended,245170,7891693,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,cons,Your money well spent. Drawing frames is a long and expencive precess. The animation is at a pro level. Not many fighting games  show this level of quality.
,Recommended,245170,7897233,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TombstoneDamned33,"As an indie game, this is worth the bucks. Despite the lack of modes that normal fighters like Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter, it has a lot interesting things that makes it unique. It has interesting characters despite being mostly females and a story worth looking at. The design is flawless with great artwork that makes it eye candy to see these character fight. The only downside is the aggressive A.I. (take for instance the final boss in Skullgirls) is hard even on the the easiest difficultly. Also again the lack of modes make it a bore a couple of hours, but at least has online to make it more interesting. Overall, a great game worth the price."
76561198022382212,Recommended,245170,7904147,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,EL REBELDE,The penultimate fighter on steam. IMO
76561198045523888,Recommended,245170,7904192,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,GingaNinja,By far one of the smoothest fighting games out there. Runs at 60fps and is basically the visual equivilant to an ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198105771316,Recommended,245170,8539775,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,kittykattmeowx3,I insist that you play this game.
,Recommended,245170,8546737,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,狂的,"Beautiful yet clean graphics, smooth controls, intresting character design and a very good tutorial for players new to the genre is what makes this game absolutely incredible for its low price point.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,8552490,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fox-Kun,Filia best girl!
76561198066719526,Recommended,245170,8756631,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MightyGungnir,"This game is an example of something that is ""beyond"" great. It's a solid fighter that reminds me very much of soe of the older SF or MvC games. The mechanics are solid, the animations are great, I enjoy the music a lot. It's just an overall treat. But it does have some minor flaws. I play this using an Xbox 360 controller and found that the tutorial was kind of neglected. If you mess around with the buttons for a while, you will eventually be able to tell what is bound to what, but other than that, you will be guessing for a while. The only other issue that I have with the game is the current character roster. It's VERY small and is in desperate need of more fighters. I'm quite temted to help these guys out by either throwing a little money at them myself, or attempting to fund raise for them. It's a magnificent title and worthy of every penny."
,Recommended,245170,8761201,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Peach,"Skullgirls is how all fighting games should be, Not a huge collection of characters, but its easy to find a favourite. The combat is the smoothest i've seen and experienced and going back to another fighting game like street fighter just seems off."
,Recommended,245170,8766419,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Aura,"Nicely animated characters, vivid and well designed levels, and complex yet easy to understand controls all fused into a fluid 2-D environment. What's not to like?"
76561198099673193,Recommended,245170,15425138,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Madame,sdhegoaw4hy0e8hy90w4h0tya304w9yua-9e4y-9a3j4wyhs5e-ju-4asj-u0ya43uy-0a5iu-0a2i-y4i5s-3isw-4eiy-0a34i-0yia24ywGREAT REVIEW!
,Recommended,245170,15333861,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,DeltaDrifter,"Heard good things, hand drawnBought on sale, regret filled meGood solid game though"
76561198072498252,Recommended,245170,15933202,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Lourd Farkwad,There's a 12 year old girl who stuffs you and a bag and has her goons beat you up and then she smokes a cigar
,Recommended,245170,8904636,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,SHAME,"I've seen some gameplay of it, and it seems very solid, but don't even try to play this on keyboard. Waaaaaaay too many buttons to be pressed in quick succesion for this to work on keyboard. Only get this if you have a controller you can use, otherwise it will only♥♥♥♥♥♥you off."
,Recommended,245170,13776539,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,DjTittyMilk,Filia got thighs for days
,Recommended,245170,10693807,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Classy Jesus,2D + Anime + Fighting Game = Skullgirls
76561198143026827,Recommended,245170,16482016,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Skinny,11/10 would fap again
,Recommended,245170,16477533,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ankaa Avarshina #ShrimpTaco,The BOOBIEST of Beat-em-ups~!
,Recommended,245170,7676214,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,upgamers,"if you thought about buying this game because it had a catgirl, wait until you hear that they're adding a robo-version of her."
,Recommended,245170,1180128,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,MaKa RaMbo //,"great fighting game, the characters are awesome"
76561198080843451,Recommended,245170,8526619,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,WarmWhaleBlubber,I didnt just buy it for the sex appeal...
76561198061565121,Recommended,245170,9910910,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Red Delta11,"I heavily recommend this game.  Skullgirls is not only one of the best non-street fighter fighting games on steam, it is one of the best fighting games out there period. The gameplay is more reminscant of Marvel vs Capcom 2 and KoF then Street Fighter, but any SF player will easily catch onto the mechanics of the game. To answer some peoples questions about whether or not this is a beginner friendly game, well it kinda is and isn't. You will definitely need a gamepad, you cannot hope to play any fighting game with a keyboard. I would recommend picking up a SFxT ps3 gamepad, as it has a 6 button face and is fully pc compatible. At the time of this writing it is on amazon for under 20$ and is perfect if you want to play a fighting game without investing in a fightstick. The online community, while relatively friendly, is filled with fighting game vets like myself. Do not expect to just jump in online and win, you will have to spend time in the tutorial, training, and arcade modes before even attempting online play. Overall I give this game a 9/10Also don't buy vanguard princess"
,Recommended,245170,9959344,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Jaykoboy,"Boobs /and/ fighting? COUNT ME IN!!!But seriously. Even if it's rife with innuendo, Skullgirls is a well-designed game with beautiful, hand-drawn graphics as well as one of the best tutorial systems I've ever played with in a fighting game. It may have a limited cast, but they're so fun (and sexy~) that I honestly don't care.Buy this game so I can have friends to play with. Srsly."
,Recommended,245170,9916213,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Laurgo,"At first, I was concerned by the low number of plyable characters.  At this point it is no longer a concern for me. The dev puts out regular updates to fix bugs and add more content. More characters have been added and are still being added. The devs really care about this game and thats refreshing to see.  This is a solid fighting game. I love the tagging in and out of characters. Reminds me of Marvel Vs. Capcom 2, my all time favorite fighting game.  Love the ladies."
,Recommended,245170,8186460,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sizzlechest,"This is basically a souped up Marvel vs Capcom 2. It's a very well balanced fighting game with huge combo potential and tag teams with assists. There's a tutorial mode that teaches fighting game basics quite well. The hard (and fun) part is trying to remember all that stuff in the middle of an online match. The action is fast and the combos can be very long, but they're reset heavy so you can stop combos by blocking if you keep calm instead of mashing buttons."
76561197970541793,Recommended,245170,8189938,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,LoveAlotBear,"It was OK. Sorta a basic 2-d fighting game with nothing too new or special about it. Not THAT fun, and a limited character list. Still, a very good product for indie devs.I say, get if it is on mega-sale and you want a 2-d fighter for couch time with friends. Me, I wish they put some more old Capcom fighers on here. Loved me some Marvel Xmen (fighter).Ahh well."
,Recommended,245170,8471809,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rook Astaroth,xD
,Recommended,245170,8473724,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kenpachi Ramasama,SKULLGIRLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,8482516,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,WingedChroni,"Fun for those who enjoy fighting games like Marvel vs Capcom 2. Can fight with 1, 2 or 3 characters of your choosing."
76561198078732471,Recommended,245170,8804333,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Science Woona! Explain!,"This game is fantastic. I'm not much of a fighter, but I loved this. First off, the tutorial! There's a lesson for anything you could think of. And once you've got the basics down, the rest is easy. A beginner can pick this up very easily, and a veteran could master it over time. Not sure how all the controlers worrk with it, as I use the 360, which suits my purposes well enough.Let's talk looks. The art style is unique itself, and fantastically drawn. The characters have more hand-drawn animation frames than any other fighter ever! Super smooth and great design, I don't need to tell you it looks great.The soundtrack is fantastic too. Upbeat jazz, melow blues, orchestrated masterpieces, it's ecstacy for your ears.My only complaint is the control map. I use the 360 controller, and it took me a while of fiddeling with the mapping to just look up a guide here on steam, which set me pretty straight. Just be careful if remapping the controls, you can easily mess it up and have no idea what button does what.The DLC characters, Big Band and Squiggly are pretty good, haven't tested them much.Overall, definitly get this game, as $15 is a pittiance against what this game is actually worth.EDIT: After playing longer, my views are reinforced. The fighting is solid, and Squiggly is my favorite character!"
,Recommended,245170,8823941,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Juuzou,great game buy it and come play it with me
,Recommended,245170,8825135,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,mezili,"Big boobs, unique graphics, fast-paced, and well designed characters. Did I mention the big boobs?As someone who has never seriously played a fighting game before, I find Skullgirls to be very friendly. From the tutorials, to the training mode, to the online lobbies sorted by skill level, this game provides a smooth transition for absolute beginners. There's a character for everyone (except for people who like playing as burly, meathead males -go find another game), with more being released as time goes on. After practicing your favorite girl until you've developed calluses, one of the best feelings you'll ever have in this mortal world is reacting perfectly to an enemy and then watching their health bar drown in red after completing your largest combo.If you plan to play this game, a few words of advice: don't give up, don't get mad, and add people you're evenly matched against to your friends list."
,Recommended,245170,8827055,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Bluepawn,This was my first side by side fighting game I got into and I'm crazy glad I did. Admittedly the game can be a bit embarrassing to play depending on you're crowd because of how it provocatively portrays women in a frilly skirt flipping anime manner. However true fans of the genre are seldom bothered by the fan service of female skin. The game contains an in depth tutorial for new players which also comes in handy. Sometimes the small character roster can get boring but it also gives a more intimate feel for the characters. There's also an insane amount of references that are enjoyable to try and catch with a friend.
76561198057091338,Recommended,245170,9086733,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Skiductions,"Do you like fighting games like street fighter, Blaz Blue and Guilty gears? OF COURSE YOU DO! Skullgirls is an amazing fighter game with a nice short line up of all female characters with unique abilities along with amazing story lines with an anime style to it. An all around great game to enjoy on your own and with friends I highly reccomend it."
76561198051115110,Recommended,245170,9089914,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Exploccento,"Skullgirls, such an awesome game with great mechanics, not to mention the hot fighters this game has... if you want to spend some hours trying to beat the boss in nightmare difficulty, go ahead and try, I know i did."
,Recommended,245170,9091407,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,NeonArcadia,I like it.
,Recommended,245170,2275032,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Janos,"Man this is the hypest fighting game ever since MVC 2. Also girls. Lots of them, and only them.Or at least until Big Band is released."
,Recommended,245170,4408769,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Liberty,"If you love fighting game or want to get into the fighting genre this beautiful game is the way to go. With an easy to understand tutorial you will understand the basic of almost all fighting game. I can't complain much about this game so, just buy it!"
,Recommended,245170,6337104,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,TheDerpySage,"Where do I start? I bought this game out of sheer curiosity. Just on a whim one day like ""oh look mature sexual themes set to a fighting game. lol this looks ok.""First off, yes. The characters are a bit sexual, but does that mean the game revolves around that? How about no?The artstyle is beautiful, everything is hand drawn and looks extremely fluid and stunning.The gameplay, which puts it on the same shelf as other arcade 2d fighters such as Street Fighter, does take work to really get into with all of it's combinations and such. These storylines are breaking my damn heart, I mean it's just getting to me. The only games that have successfully made me cry are Wind Waker, Mother 3, and Metal Gear Solid 3. I shed a manly tear on Peacock's ending.So basicly, I bought a game not knowing what to expect and was extremely surprised. At $15 I would go for it, besides there are more characters to come!"
76561198034674042,Recommended,245170,7371118,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,HotPocket Mentaiko,"Simple, but very well worked title. Have everything that a fighting game player wants, even with the lack of characters and bad story, fun to play, to compete and to take a break from other games that need more dedication."
,Recommended,245170,7660773,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Doctor Dirty,"An awesome fighter in its own right, Killer Instinct and Guilty Gear influences notwithstanding. The learning curve is lower than most premier fighters; this title is a splendid place to start for those who are looking to cut their teeth into this genre. The animation is detailed and fluid, and the originality of the character designs is breath of fresh air to me. Gameplay-wise, the idiosyncractic ensemble of SkullGirls provides challenges and strategies for each and every matchup, and the combat system rewards improvization in the combo chains (not unlike BlazBlue and Guilty Gear), which I find too uncommon in fightersAnd the creators like Gainax a lot, adding several points in my book"
,Recommended,245170,7880519,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,$ beggar,"Great Beat em Up Game. Absolutely good storylining and great characters. No lags and simple but clever tutorials. If your new to the gametype you get pretty quickly into it and you can combine combos just by smashing the buttons in the row you like. They all combine pretty sweet and don't need time to ""recover"", so you can build nice chains without knowing the character youre playing with. Absolutely fun for the VERY FAIR PRICE! Must have if you played Tekken or Street Fighter before!~Phoenix"
,Recommended,245170,7886019,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Not a Werewolf,"Having never played a fighting game, Skullgirls was a very good start. It's got an amazing tutorial that not only teaches you how to play, but also teaches you skills that will carry into other fighters. It's got a small cast of characters, which could be annoying, but it also means you don't need to learn the skills of many different characters, and each character is beautifuly animated.A big turn-off for people however, is that compared to other fighters, the game isn't particularly unique. As I said before, the game doesn't have many characters, and each of them is similar to character from other games. If you are a veteran fighting game player, you may like the game, but don't expect many unique features. If you aren't a fighter, and you want to get into the genre however, this is the game."
76561198103903687,Recommended,245170,7991332,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,wattsje8,The most balanced fighter on any system. Possibly ever!
,Recommended,245170,9507604,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Waifuuu,you get to see panties10/10
,Recommended,245170,9875523,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Havik119,awsome
,Recommended,245170,9903475,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Z,^^
76561198086365504,Recommended,245170,9910825,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Tlalocman,Nice game :)
,Recommended,245170,9910899,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,kooldude_377,"Pretty Slick fighting game mechanically, I can definitely see where they take the art style from ;) but it works really well in the game. Its works remarkably well on either the controller or keyboard and really easy to set up local multiplayer on. Had this game run a mini tournament at LAN and me and my mate loved this game."
,Recommended,245170,9913495,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,A dud !?,"Solid fighting game with an interesting art style and characters. It has a very deep tutorial mode that serves as a great primer to the game itself, and as a jumping off point into other fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,9914011,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,rindragon,
76561198051960029,Recommended,245170,9914071,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Don Mole,do it
76561198025316082,Recommended,245170,9914163,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Sam,"Fast paced, indepth fighting system coupled together with fantastic art and setting.  A definite buy if you'd like to get into fighting games."
76561198081940107,Recommended,245170,9917240,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,yovandsum (BlindUmpire),Not usually a fan of fighting games but everyone now and then one comes along that catches my eye and seems like it would be fun to play and Skullgirls is one such game.
,Recommended,245170,10089733,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Joey's World Tour,"Skullgirls is fighting game with a 6 button style combat system, and growing roster of characters.I like it, anybody who enjoys Japanese fighting games as well like Blazblue should at least give this game a try, as that is where in my personal opinion, this game takes inspiration from in the form of gameplay mechancis with a few additional twists.For a Price of 15 dollars, its a decent price for a game that lacks addidtional modes to play, so you'll find yourself either playing training mode, Arcade or even playing online a lot, most predicably with friends.Give it a try before you buy it, cause you can end up spending about $15-30 (Including Big band if hes not downloaded after his limited time to being a free download) for just about everything this game has to offer, they're indeed worth it, but c;mon, nobody likes spending a lot of money."
76561198027368362,Recommended,245170,10101623,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Lying Tomatoes,"If your new to fighting games, like me, and want to get into it, also like me, then you should buy Skullgirls. Normally in games like Street Fighter, I can only get like a 2 hit combo without special moves, but in Skullgirls I can get a good 10 hit combo with no specials, and it feels so much easier to do special attacks. The story mode provides a decent storyline, even for the DLC characters, and Marie is quite the challenge on anything other than easy. The backgrounds of the stages feel alive, characters you may or may not know of watching the battle go on while others are doing their own thing. If you don't mind the sexual nature of some of the costumes, then I recommend this for you!"
,Recommended,245170,11048413,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Harryarslane,"It seems like a simple fighting game. But it is not.This game has wonderful characters with very good stories, a good background history, a very nice music, and a marvelous graphical art. What else ?If you like a little bit the fighting games, then go for it, you will definitely not regret it."
,Recommended,245170,11050112,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DikBat,"dat Marvel hype with monster girls, geddit now"
,Recommended,245170,1949712,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,loveless,this is the best fighter in the world
,Recommended,245170,4350231,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,$tarballer_Killjoy,Great 2D fighter with a lot of deth. If you're into fighting games like marvel or darkstalkers  then this one will hold ya for a long time!
,Recommended,245170,4367463,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Winged Dove,"Well ladies and gentlemen, what can you say about Skullgirls? Skullgirls is a very fun game that I am very bad at. In Skullgirls you play as deep and empowered female characters that uses a barrage of fighting techniques which show off perky empoweredness. One of the few fighting games I got into aside from Soul Calibur and the only one that's made me seriously consider getting a fight stick. In short, you should buy this so I'm not lonely."
,Recommended,245170,6324508,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Fayde,"Skullgirls is a fast-paced 2-D fighting game that puts players in control of fierce warriors in an extraordinary Dark Deco world. Featuring all-new game systems which test the skills of veteran fighting game fans while also making the genre enjoyable and accessible to newcomers, Skullgirls is a modern take on classic arcade fighters with..."
76561198073803733,Recommended,245170,6738103,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,RoseMuffins,"A action filled 2D platforming fighter that will give you a fun time while also giving a good bunch of eye candy. This game is more than just jiggle effect and women hitting women. You barely remember that you are using women to fight once you start stabbing people with a blood tank. Every single movement was hand drawn and every single hit box was drawn down to the pixle on each frame of mation. The backgrounds are beautiful and the characters have great personalities! I can't really explain it too much, but just playing it will give you all you need to know. So why not give this a shot? Only $14 and growing constantly. There are seven characters so far, but the next one is coming up soon. This game also comes with a free Beta that will have early updates like new characters (unfinished of course) and whatever new systems they are thinking about putting in. So again, just go ahead and buy it! Whoop!"
,Recommended,245170,7447386,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,THiNGYBOBinc,Do you like fighting games like Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat? Do you like games with great music and amazing artwork? Do you like clever references to pop culture? Do you like breasts? Then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,245170,7874352,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,PAUL COME PAY WITH ME,it good
,Recommended,245170,9261472,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Red Vodka,good game
76561198067029795,Recommended,245170,9266035,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,JackThyyRipper,HELL YEAH!
,Recommended,245170,9381650,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,HeartyMuffin,"If you plan on getting this all I can say is, Get Ready for a Showstopper!"
,Recommended,245170,9381875,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,CorvoArgentum,Ladies and Gentlemen.Its Showtime.
,Recommended,245170,9748330,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sympuhl,"It is an amazing, faced pace 2D fighter, with great gameplay, unique charactetrs. and an intriguing story. If that's not good enough to get someone to pick this game up, the combos are INSANE."
76561198055198987,Recommended,245170,9905715,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Ridley,it has guils....                         and a jazzband......            and a demon nun
76561198105550566,Recommended,245170,9922808,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,YA LIKE IT?,They made the good game
76561198060164026,Recommended,245170,9935630,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,(Chris),Really good game amazing art but controlls on a keyboard are very confusing recommended to have a controller
76561197963990292,Recommended,245170,9938876,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,GodWood (Ger),if you're bored of tekken and street fighter then TRY THIS!haven't laughed that much in a long timethis game is just pure craziness and a lot of fun but still challenging.
76561198073112725,Recommended,245170,9945211,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Dbzfan51,If you like really fast pace action fighters then look no further cause skillgirls is the game for you. Plus there's hot females left and right so that's always a plus.
76561198038781768,Recommended,245170,9946391,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Speedwagon(GIJose),One of the best fighting games on the pc to start.
76561198091681636,Recommended,245170,10956355,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pachinko Squeeze,Quite divine
,Recommended,245170,10984347,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,XiongMao,Best fighting game that I have ever played on PC.
76561198030112164,Recommended,245170,11013767,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Skippers,"What is there to say about this game right here? I'll tell you.This game right here is a fine example of how a good 2D fighter should be made. The art style is one of the best I've seen in a fighter. Character design and concepts are very original, and effects are also a visual pleasure. Some of the backgrounds are pretty nice (some of them have effects or moving objects). That's not all though. Actual gameplay is a another great attribute about this game. This game has some of the most fluid and smooth animations I've ever played in a fighter, it's truly amazing. Story wise however, it may seem a bit stale in some places, but it gets the job done nevertheless. If I had to sum up this game in a few words, it's nothing short of magnum opus."
,Recommended,245170,11053854,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,TheGrimFive,"Controls are hard to get used to, but once you do its pretty entertaining!"
,Recommended,245170,11094050,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,p0wderedtoastman,Fantastic fighting game! Beautiful artwork and solid fighting engine!
76561198007483155,Recommended,245170,11102940,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Enziet,"I had a choice between this game and Street fighter. Well everyone has played Street Fighter, and this one has chicks... Oh yea sweet eye candy! Besides that, the game is Very entertaining. Easy to pick up and play. I would definitly recomend this game to anyone looking for a 2D fighting game, and is just bored of MK / SF."
76561198038361258,Recommended,245170,11107327,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Tuesday the 20th,"Fantastic, and I don't even play video games."
,Recommended,245170,11124035,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Luv Machine,A great 2D fighter. The games combat is very fast paced and fluid. It also has great sprites and character design.
76561198112946750,Recommended,245170,9449735,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Skjaldbaka,Just updated the game and now anytime i go to play the story mode it closes the game.
,Recommended,245170,11268219,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,NaruhodoRyu,"As well as being one of the best looking fighting games out there, Skullgirls is a thoroughly enjoyable fighting game with crisp gameplay, diverse character designs and fantastic art/music to boot. Despite lacking abit in specific gamemodes, Skullgirls delivers an experience that is in my opinion, one of the most satisfying and accesible to fighting game players both new and experienced. With a detailed tutorial complementing its refined combat mechanics, Skullgirls has beaten out other fighters like SSF4 and UMVC3 as my personal favorite fighting game. Just a note though, I would recommend playing it with at least a controller if not a fight stick as I find the keyboard controls clunky and lacking, although the game still can be played and learned using them."
,Recommended,245170,3464157,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Tetrisman767.J2,its a fast pase 2d fighting game that adds anime and street fighter elements into one game
76561198005330043,Recommended,245170,7780133,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,analogkid281,Very good fighter that is easy enough to learn but hard to master. Much more than a button masher.
,Recommended,245170,7800493,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,pinguino,"I'm usually not big on fighting games, but Skullgirls is a great way to get started. The tutorials are actually good! :O"
,Recommended,245170,7838140,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,クリガさんoWo,Good experience once the inital skill barrier is broken.10/10 its alrightMust buy of the season
,Recommended,245170,7838532,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Bluerose,Skullgirls is a really aweosme game! The story line ( Although not finished yet ) is absolutly  amzaing for each player to intersect along each others path is great. Also I'm pumped for the other characters more to the story line and more fun to have with friends in PVP~!
,Recommended,245170,7840835,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,RedFang,Really good Fighting game with a thorough Tutorial and an excellent training mode
,Recommended,245170,7843266,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,897,Seems like i should purchase new gamepad... Okay then.
76561198030237905,Recommended,245170,7857271,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Pytor Mortis,"A really good take on old, fast paced, 2D fighting games, with a rather small, but unique roster of characters. Unique both in design and fighting style.The art is very beautiful, some might be turned down by the obvious anime influences, but that's just personal taste. Backgrounds are very pleasing to the eye, as well as animations. 1400 sprites of animation per character? Yes sir.Characters are, like I mentioned above, very interesting both to look at and play. Some might say, that they're oversexualized, and he would be correct. However, most of them are as much sexualized as they are scary. Example: you have your normal catgirl type of character, yet at the same time, she is basically a zombie. She can detach her head and attack enemies with it, and so forth.They aren't damsels in distress, so me personally, I don't mind this particular character design.Tutorials are fabulous. Useful both for beginners and pros, they explain pretty much everything. Not only how different characters combo work, but also the very basics of practically every fighting game. Just like tutorial should be.On the other hand, small roster is a bit of a nuiscance, but this will be fixed with additional characters. For free, for a certain amount of time, which is really nice. That's... pretty much all I can think of when it comes to downsides. From a technical point of view, again, some people might consider the art style and the overall ""feel"" of this title as something unbearable.If you find this okay, though, then wait no more and check this out, it's definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,245170,10904620,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sand Noodle,"I had barely played any fighting games up until now, but this is the first one I decided to commit to and learn with and boy am I glad I chose Skullgirls. Skullgirls comes with tutorials that cover the basics of fighting games which are really helpful for someone who is new and doesn't know the basic mechanics behind fighting games. You're also given a somewhat superficial overview of what each character can do during the tutorial, allowing you to see how characters work at a basic level. Although I had no idea what I was doing to start off with (and still  don't completely), I was still having a lot of fun.Would recommend to anyone who is even just thinking about getting into fightan' games."
76561198004690988,Recommended,245170,10910223,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Handsome_WombatX6969,Buy it! We need more quality 2d fighting games! This is the closest we'll have to a new Darkstalkers game since Crapcom wont grow a pair and release a new one!
,Recommended,245170,10930476,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Alex the meme-engine,fan service'nuff said
,Recommended,245170,10931919,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HybridWeavil,"A very solid fighting game that is one of those that is easy to get into, but hard to master. It combines a lot of mechanics of the various sub-genres of fighting games, the team building and assists from mvc, some of the style and flair from the anime fighters, and puts a spin on them in a very attractive way. The option to pick up to three characters is refreshing for someone who is used to single fighter games like street fighter and mortal kombat. The custom assist system is ingenious and i wonder why anyone hasn't thought of it before, considering how easy it is to create team synergy with it. Overall a good fighting game that has a great art style, great music, and overall a good fighting game to get into if you want to start playing fighting games or if you are a veteran, and everything in between"
,Recommended,245170,10938936,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Stone Cold Steve Austin,SKULLGURLZZZZ +tosses dat paper in the air+
76561198075041599,Recommended,245170,10960865,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Uncle Grimbo,"I love this game. You should buy this if you can. I'm a huge fighter fan I have played Street fighter, King of Fighters, Blazblue, Guilty Gear you name it. But this game makes the top of my list in a heart beat with out a doubt."
,Recommended,245170,10975831,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,voidsama,"fun so far, though story mode seems a little short for each character.  a gamepad would be much easier than keyboard."
,Recommended,245170,10977670,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,FawltyKoffee,"Even though I'm a scrub at fighters, Skullgirls is probably one of the best indie fighters out there. Well polished, well animated, tight combat. The only complaint I have is that I suck so hard at these games."
,Recommended,245170,10992138,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Weedlepuff,Awesome Fighter!
,Recommended,245170,11283806,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,☆Mr. Sky,They are literally throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥in your face with this game.Thess y i like it doe.
,Recommended,245170,11284208,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,UnholyArceus,this game is really better then all capcom vs games combined. i mean you can make your on assist!! why don't you take note's capcom and stop putting in people in you games that no one cares about. plus it get's updated by mike Z alot. still it's from an indie company. and thanks to them i started to support indie games.
,Recommended,245170,7816231,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sad Boi Official,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good
,Recommended,245170,7830454,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Red Lagoon,"The art is amazing and the history of the characters are pretty fun. A lot of cute characters and sexy anime style girls.I already have played lots of differents fighting games and I must say that this is one of the hardest games to perform the special moves because you gotta press exactly it and oh God, there are just too many of them for each characters.This game has actually the best tutorial mode you will ever seen and You will find out its pretty though.And as long as I love achievements if you do as well... They are pretty hard to get, good luck and fun :)"
,Recommended,245170,7830824,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Sekacnap,"Skullgirls is a nice heavy dose of the familiar topped with a delicious, interesting theme and wonderful personality. The actual mechanics in play are nothing out of the ordinary, you'll be using standard 2D fighter controls to pull off mix-up combos, cancels, special moves and power-bar depleting ""showstoppers."" If you've played any other fast-paced 2D fighter such as Guilty Gear or BlazBlue then you'll be instantly comfortable with the controls and speed of the game. Skullgirls is extremely accessible with a detailed tutorial explaining everything a beginner fighter player would need to know. There's even in-depth character tutorials that explain what each character's special abilities are useful for and how to work them into combos. Within a few hours I was able to start stringing together 25+ hit combos and playing on Hard difficulty and I'm only an intermediate fighting game player.While Skullgirls doesn't do much to innovate at its core, it makes up for this by hitting a home run in the area that matters the most in fighting games, the characters. Each Character is full of personality and is easily distinguishable from the rest in terms of visuals, motif and mechanics. No two characters feel the same. Even the stereotypical doppleganger character (who uses other fighter's skills) feels unique since the borrowed abilities aren't just copy-pasted from their source, they're more like attacks the source character would use but doesn't. I find myself interested in each character, wanting to hear what they have to say, to watch their personalities in action and the story mode, while short and linear, does a great job at showcasing these characters through beautiful still-frame cutscenes.Speaking of the art, Skullgirls is gorgeous!  Its vectored sprites are crisp and the animation is silky smooth. The whole game operates under a jazzy, psuedo-noir/art deco/theater theme that infiltrates every aspect of the game. From the music to the menus to the cutscenes, Skullgirls stays consistent to it's theme and makes the whole experience a coherent one.My only real complaint about Skullgirls is that there are far too few characters at the moment. Since you can play with up to three characters on a team at once, with a roster of about 9 playable characters, playing through arcade mode will have you seeing repeat upon repeat. Thankfully it looks like more characters will be added over time as there is already a DLC character up for purchase.In conclusion, Skullgirls is a ton of fun. It may not do anything out of the ordinary, but what it does, it excels at. I would easily recommend this game as it is an accessible, addicting 2D fighting experience.8/10"
76561198081258574,Recommended,245170,9075935,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dr. Mosquito,Its got that Marvel hype without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,9100289,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Biggest Dude In Town 4U,".....Is there a more beautiful word for beautiful? Aside from one or two exploitable combos, this game is flawless."
,Recommended,245170,9123751,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kazu,"Quit Lollygagging and get this game.Was originally one of the most popular Indie Fighters publishblish by konami and worked on by autumn games, after being disbanneded from Konami, the game has greatly improved abd the roster is set to vary multiple fighting games at once, with the support of GGPO, the online is incredible over seas, also the story and the arcade mode surprisly does well for an indie fighting gamethough the only issue from getting a straight 9 or 10 was to do with the online, there is no proper ranking system nor' can combos played offline can be preformed without set timing like Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 on PS3/PS-Vita/Xbox 360, also the fact if you connect your controller/gamepad or arcade stick, it'll register the 1st controller as both player 1 and player 2, the only way to fix this is to configure the controllers but you need to do it everytime you start the game upbut it still being in development, hopefully those issues will be patchedFinal Verdict: 8½/10 but seriously get the game to claim later DLC characters"
,Recommended,245170,9136449,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Captain Breakfast,"If you have even a mild interest in fighting games or want to get into them but don't know where to start, buy this game. It's super begginer-freindly, but it doesn't skimp out on content. And DAT ART STYLE."
,Recommended,245170,9143061,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Justice Janitor,"The art style isn't for everyone (I'm kind of weirded out by it while still liking it) but the fighting is really deep and a lot of fun. The tutorial is the best I've ever seen in a fighting game, teaching you about some higher level stuff."
76561198115273881,Recommended,245170,9200780,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Sweet&Low,Great game all around. Beautiful hand drawn art and amazing game play. If you like fighting games this is a great one.
,Recommended,245170,9214292,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,MantineRay,"A good fighting game the last time I played it. Really enjoyable, with anime-esque characters that actually have decent backstories. Controls are good to handle, specifically for the controller or a USB fighting stick. Keyboard may be akward to handle, but possible. Some references are obvious and others are more obscure. The story itself is good for Fighting Game standards. The only problem is the HARD-AS-BALLS boss at the end of the game, but it's a fighting game- what would you expect? (SNK's bosses are apparently more nasty.) Online is pretty great, though there is the occasional bad latency match, or the rare and horrifying 5-second-lag matches, where NO ONE may fight at their best.OVERALL, this game is well-worth the $15 price tag, despite my purchase of $7.50 while it was on sale. The creators worked hard on this game, and it payed off well. If you like it enough, then buy the color pack and the Squigly character, who is also worth the $5 if you craze for this game."
,Recommended,245170,9262312,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,azunymous,"-Good first fightan-Decent tutorial for both Skullgrills and fighting games-Nice art style and music (polarizing though)-Life and Hometown a plenty-GGPO netcode is godly, can play across Europe fine.-Easy execution-New friendly/accessible-A lot of hours for your moneyLacks originality in the mechanics, only 8+4 characters, playerbase is smaller than Street Fighter.Also barebones arcade and story but who plays fighting games for that?Very fun. Highly recommended if you aren't obnoxious."
,Recommended,245170,9294113,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ayeeitslucien,"I had heard of Skullgirls a while ago, didn't purchase it because I had never really bought into the 2D fighting genre.  Then I had some spare change, decided to give it a go simply because the artwork was incredibly impressive.This game is so much deeper than it appears: from a first glance, it's a bunch of scantily clad female characters duking it out through clunky stories with little to no exposition.  But in reality, it is a beautifully animated and well constructed game with intense gameplay (depending on your level of ability), limitless combo possibilities and very challenging gameplay that can be difficult to pick up, but rewarding when you finally get the knack of chaining combos together and holding your own against tougher AI's.A word to the wise, however: if you're thinking about lobby/online play, don't do it until you're incredibly seasoned.  I've only been playing this game a couple weeks, I've tried two online matches, haven't gotten a single hit in.  The players there are incredibly skilled and competitive, and have mastered chaining, cancelling and all the techniques to maximize their damage potential, so practice as much as possible until you've mastered a character or two before you try it out, otherwise it's honestly a waste of your (and their) time.Overall, fantastic game, definitely reccommended."
76561198100781720,Recommended,245170,9346643,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Handsome Jack,"This game has somethig for everyone who loves fighting games, casual and hard-core alike. Good stories, compleix gameplay, compelling characters, it's just a good game, see it for yourself to understand."
76561198006679601,Recommended,245170,9358213,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Notorious bigb00gie,"This is like the only ""big"" fighting game I know of that's worth playing on the PC (but I'm a total pleb and only know of Calamity Trigger as another option), but that aside it's totally ♥♥♥♥in' dope. Really fun, and the ability to choose between having one beefy waifu or having two or three less-beefy waifus on a team is a really neat option. All in all, I want everyone to get this game until a modern Blazblue comes along on Steam so I can ask everyone to get that as well. That isn't to say that BB is better -- both of them are ♥♥♥♥in' rad. So yeah, waifu-fighting galore. Go go go."
76561198072723247,Recommended,245170,9387498,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,WanderKun,it's very fun and beautiful game! The final boss is ♥♥♥♥ing hard!
,Recommended,245170,9401347,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Pepe Silvia,"One of the best fighting games out there. I play a lot of different fighters (P4U, UMvC3, SF4) on a regular basis, and I love the depth that Skullgirls has. Good story from a fighting game stand point and has its own SNK boss at the end to give you a proper♥♥♥♥♥wipping. Local VS is great, but sometimes I have a hard time connection to lobbies online. Tutorials are God-like, but even still, this might not be the best place to start if you are new to fighting games.8.75 / 10(Also if you buy it now, any new characters would be free DLC)"
76561198069047227,Recommended,245170,9403101,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dirk Diggler,Great game. A solid 8.5 or 9.
,Recommended,245170,9405353,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Cheryl,first fighter for me. very fun. gotta get the mechanics down. pretty damn technical.
,Recommended,245170,10022748,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,FerretSocks,good
,Recommended,245170,10034692,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,FeliParamoico,"You can feel all the work that these guys did in this Grand and artistic 2D fighting videogame. It's until beautiful read it, isn't it?, i have played Guilty Gear, Street Fighter, Marvel vs Capcom, and Blazblue, among others. The point of this game is that i'm comparing it with great 2D fighting games of all times for some good reason, due, this game, as you can expect that i'll tell you, is absolutly amazing. So pretty graphics and drawings , a good amount of characters and in the story appears more people that could be future playable characters, and an impecable soundtrack. I am very strict with indie games and i may warn you that this one is...a really good one, a must play if you like fighting games.9/10"
,Recommended,245170,10042379,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Sulfali Avia,Fighting game which is still getting updates as the remaining characters are being added for free into the game. Artstyle and gameplay are very enjoyable and the story for each character is beautiful and dark. With gameplay like that of Marvel vs Capcom or Capcom vs SNK 2 makes it fun and a tutorial mode to help any player get into the game. All this game really does need is WAY more characters which they have heard and as of me writing this review 2/5 planned new characters have indeed been added.
,Recommended,245170,10308806,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,DeadlyMaus1946,Great side faced fighting game! A must have for fighting game fans!
76561197987743391,Recommended,245170,10316159,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Inkheart Artist,"If you like fighting games with robust mechanics and varied, skillful gameplay but hate that the games that people hold up as shining examples of that have 2 frame input windows that need to be mastered in order to play with any amount of competency at higher skilled competitive play then this is the game for you.What makes the game better still is the involvement from the developers. After they wrestled back the rights to the game from the grossly incompetent Konami, they began regularly updating based on player feedback. It's been wonderful, so much better than having to wait until a dev comes out with a new packaged release that you have to pay 40 bucks for before you can tell if the gameplay tweaks and new characters made the game better or completely broke it. I love how the endless beta mode gives you a front seat view of the developement process on the characters they build for the game. Being able to play an unfinished character and give them feedback on what you think would make them better is very cool.The only drawback is that the single player modes could be a little more robust and the AI could be a little smarter and more challenging but I'm hoping they fix that eventually."
,Recommended,245170,10318738,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Brodinnsky,Easily best fighter in existence right now for PC.
76561198104240280,Recommended,245170,10343066,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Xcelgamer,"This game is awesome, Yes to some it just looks like a generic fighter but to some it is like okami, art. I won't go into depth about the story however there is i'm pretty sure there is ten characters and only one of them is a guy."
76561198048981568,Recommended,245170,10356793,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Budmen,It's Fanservice the game.
76561198050312789,Recommended,245170,10362510,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Yamcha Kippur,"A solid fighting game, Skullgirls is a must-have for any and all players of the gerne. Not only does it create an enjoyable and colorful atmosphere, the game also has some of my favourite controls and moves (however my experience with the fighter genre is limited to titles on the Sega Genesis). Some of the special moves can be challenging to pull off with the standard keyboard controls, but that should be expected with an arcade-style game.Buy it, son."
,Recommended,245170,10380416,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,ROGE,"This game does the ""easy to pick up, challenging to master"" thing juuust right. I highly recommend this game, even if it's your first fighting game, a lot of things you learn in it carry over in other games."
,Recommended,245170,10390350,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Shmebulock,"The art is really cool, but be advised, this is not a smash button game."
76561198062327757,Recommended,245170,10391624,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,goob,Buy a controller
,Recommended,245170,10420146,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Ozzman1734,Amazing fighting game with unique characters and playstyles. i love how you can alter your team size to fit your specific style
76561198022232235,Recommended,245170,11168372,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,MIndbullit,A surprisingly fun and fairly technical fighting game. Story mode is definitely worth a playthrough for each Character. Art style and music help to make this a unique fighter my only complaint is the seemingly low number of fighters to choose from but that is minor compared to the things that make this game so fun. If you like a nice fast paced fighter that has something a little different to offer I would say give Skullgirls a look.
76561198114730270,Recommended,245170,11323698,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MrExtravagant,"Skullgirls is perhaps the prime example of what every modern fighting game should try to be when it comes to gameplay, plot, and overall involvement of the creators. The gameplay is smooth and responsive, feeling just like a fighting game should feel. The game will normally run very smoothly on a standard computer with the exception of a certain fight near the end of the game's story and arcade modes. Fortunately, during the fight, the game is still smooth enough to play without effect upon performance.While the basics of the game's plot are simple, the intertwined storylines discovered throughout the game's story mode reveal how deep the story of Skullgirls runs, creating a strange and interesting world which is a blast to delve into. The characters are unique and memorable, each having their own personality, appearance, quirks, etc. which set them apart from the others. This much detail was even put into the unplayable side characters seen in the story, making them just as memorable.The art in the game is unbelievably gorgeous. Every character, stage, and even the menus looks alive. The attention to detail put into everything is admirable. The backgrounds in certain stages will even change, ensuring that you'll never know what you'll see when you go to them.The gameplay is similar to that of the Street Fighter series and it's similar counterparts, and it implements the common concepts such as the ""Hyper Meter"" which allows you to pull of your character's strongest attacks. However, Skullgirls uses a rather interesting concept. Like the Marvel vs Capcom series, you can play tag-matches. However, Skullgirls allows you to pick your roster size and strengthens or weakens characters accordingly, which adds a rather unique feel to the fights.Lab Zero (specifically Skullgirls creators Mike Zaimont and Alex Ahad) is well involved with the community, often listening and researching issues pointed out by players and correcting them in patches. Other than this, they constantly update on upcoming game information and events, and even go as far as to add jokes to the game or even start funding campaigns for additional game conent. Lab Zero truly seems to care about their community and wants to hear their input and be involved with its members.The game has very few problems. First and formost is the small roster of fighters. At this moment in time, there are only thirteen characters in game (fourteen if the non-canon Fukua is counted). However, Lab Zero is currently in development of three more characters, and perhaps we'll see even more in the future, so hopefully, this is merely a temporary problem. Another issue many critics of the game have is of the heavy fanservice. While I won't deny that it's there, it hasn't really affected the game for me, since I usually overlook this sort of thing. And while it it prevelent troughout the game, it usually isn't that distracting, or , if it is, it's put somewhere that will keep it from stealing attention from the rest of the action.All and all, other than it's minor problems, Skullgirls is the perfect fighting game. With balanced gameplay, immersive story, and fun, addictive action, this should be in every fighting enthusiast's library."
,Recommended,245170,2449432,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,NΛVI.ɥ0G,"Plays like Guilty Gear XX mix MvC2, its a fun fighting game that CAN be played on a keyboard. At least the controls are responsive unlike KOF XIII."
76561198041773544,Recommended,245170,4780618,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Gray Beast,a great twist on your normal side scroler fighter game its hot sexy and deadlyps valentine and parasoul are so awesome
,Recommended,245170,5055958,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,malcrash01,"skullgirls is probably the next best fighting game on steam.the game lets you go one on one 2 vs. 2 or you could go all marvel vs. capcom and go 3  vs. 3.if you haven't noticed the game,it is beautifully animated and harkens back at the old capcom fighting games (although some people would might find some of the actions a bit over-sexualized(which is a bit weird).even with the thoughtful tutorial,skullgirls isn't newb-friendly and you need to be a fighting game vet to win some matches online.the humor on the characters are great,even if their story's are not interesting(and there suprisingly dark BTW).skullgirls is a great fighting game for $15 and hoping it for the best in the future.seal of approval for easter island heads falling from the sky."
,Recommended,245170,8214259,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Arifizu,"Probably THE most beginner friendly fighting game. The tutorial covers everything you need to know about fighting games in general, it also explains systems unique to Skullgirls and walks you through combos for your designated character. With a small albeit assorted cast it's easy to find a favorite among the different playstyles recommended.  While the roster is paltry, there are plans for future characters to be released via DLC. These characters will be free for 3 months as part of their debut. If you download the characters in that time, they'll be yours to keep! I definitely recommend Skullgirls to anyone interested in the fighting genre.Plus there's loads of panty shots and the animation is nice."
76561198037273380,Recommended,245170,8217191,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ceefa,"A very well realized fighter with painstakingly created frame-by-frame animated characters. The game looks as gorgeous as its cast and the mechanics were designed and polished by a true fan of the fighting genre. It also provides a fantastic tutorial system that is far more extensive than what is offered in most other fighting games. I have to admit the character designs of the all female cast dance a little close to the line of what I'd consider fanservice which might make it look like it isn't much more than that, but the depth of its mechanics immediately overcome this impression."
76561198072208666,Recommended,245170,8217816,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Lad,Freaking awesome game!
,Recommended,245170,8226573,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Loot Lord Zelfia,The character designs are really neat! It's a really fun game :D
,Recommended,245170,8320991,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jradious,Jiggly/10
,Recommended,245170,10058516,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Forever Zoe,"Interesting system, awesome art, outstanding music, great story. Never forget it in your fighting games list!"
,Recommended,245170,10065606,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Mushrooming,alex ahad has come so far. these character designs are hype and the fighting is fun. too bad i suck at it
76561198120425081,Recommended,245170,10076435,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,RottenWingedEVE,"Now, I have only spent five measly hours playing this game; but let me assure you. You are doing the right thing purchasing this game. Like domestic violence? This is for you. Don't like domestic violence? This will complete you. Like boobs? This was made for you.  Wanna beat the snot out of random chicks as you play as a random chick? This game fits the bill."
,Recommended,245170,1042170,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,smilysmasch,"großartiges beaten up für pc :D...knallhart, und bockschwer...aber macht laune wie sau :D. mein best indie game 2013 :)"
76561198006522559,Recommended,245170,2374431,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,dyne2alex,"I've always been somewhat interested in fighting games, but never really understood ""how"" to play them, resulting in me just mashing buttons for a few minutes.   The in-depth tutorial system this game has is pretty amazing for getting a newb like me to understand the fundamentals of fighting games, and I'm really starting to feel the satisfaction of pulling off some amazing combos.    There aren't that many characters to choose from (9 atm), but I think 4 more are on the way, and each character is pretty unique.    I definately recommend this to anyone else who always had a bit of a rough time dipping their toes into the fighting game genre, simply because of how overwhelming and relatively unsatisfiying they are for newbs.   Pretty cheap, really fun, and teaches you enough for your to be able to ""learn"" on your own."
76561197998245062,Recommended,245170,7332570,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,MothMan,GET HYPE SON!!!
76561198045305346,Recommended,245170,8493437,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wiluite,Awesome 2D Fighting game. Totally worth it
,Recommended,245170,8497359,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Hurpo Derpo,Is real good 2D Fightan game.Such qualityWow
,Recommended,245170,8633055,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,vaporFLO,"Skullgirls is not only very tight as a fighting game, but it is also *the* most accessible one I've seen, without sacrificing depth or skill. Indeed, that quality ends up enriching the experience.As a fighting game, nearly every fixing is here, from tag teams, complete with tag-in attacks, assists, and Dynamic Hyper Combos, multi tiered supercombos, aerial combos and launchers, resets, OTG's, and more. Impressively, it manages to cram all this into one game, without making it forced. For example, in order to accomodate various player styles, one may choose to use 1-3 characters, all three options within the realm of balance. Another of it's great triumphs is that it provides a solution to one of the worst problems in such games like MvC: the dreaded infinite. The IPS (Infinite Protection System) was designed to allow players to escape overly repetitive combos at a push of a button. This ensures that giant combo strings are still possible, but players now have to be more creative with how they pummel an enemy.It's accessibility is also a great boon, in that even those who have never tried Street Fighter before have a good chance to improve themselves quickly, but properly, in no small part due to its excellent tutorial. The tutorial not only gives the usual basics lessons for those who have never thrown a Hadouken before, but it also shows the more esoteric aspects of 2D fighting games, such as mix-ups, movements, and such. Not only does this help newbies get into the game, but even the veterans can learn or practice the advanced skills. There's even basics for each character for those who don't want to have to scan through movesets. This is not the only aid, as even the controls maintain the same feel, in that one doesn't have to snap arcade sticks trying to do instant 720 degree spins. The various attacks have easier inputs, most of which are just like MvC's special attack movement + double attack button, and yet almost all avoid overlapping each other. The hardest input is a 360 spin, which the game itself actually has a system to add leniency, so that one doesn't end up jumping instead of grappling at a critical moment.The game's onlt real weak point at the moment is the rather small roster, however each of them maintain their own niche to add uniqueness, as well as more characters to come in the future. They vary from the classic all-rounder, the heavy grappler, and the more unusual ones, such as the catwoman with a detachable and controllable head. The art style and final boss might be more debatable, however, if several generations have added tons of half-naked muscular males, I don't see why we should be so shy of some somewhat normal but revealing designs for the ladies. Oh yes, in case you didn't see from the various screenshots and videos, amusingly, the usual gender ratio is reversed, with the majority of the cast being female. As for the final boss, some people are masochistic enough to want to fight an SNK Boss, but that's down to preference.I'm not an expert on sound design, but I never found the music to be annoying to the ears, in fact, the music is subtle enough to be ignored during most fights. Still, it isn't torture, so that's nice.In the end, this is 2D fighting refined. It still has the depth that the people come for, but really tries to evolve the genre by trying to remove the fat, with the result being not only a well-executed game, but a rather unique one. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,245170,8635973,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Grimalkin Crow,"I would recommend for anyone who's a 2D fighter fan, or perhaps even a big fan of Marvel vs. Capcom 2. The roster isn't all that big, but it's subject to change given time. The gameplay is extremely solid, online play is fun, and every last character has a unique spin on them. No one character is a carbon copy of another (Not even double, who plays with everyone's moveset.)"
,Recommended,245170,8636501,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,4N,"This is my favorite Fighting Game to date! And I know it's premature seeing as 2014 has a bunch of awesome ones in store, but this game is great on all accounts and the story is pretty good. The most amazing thing is that this was made WITHOUT the need of a big studio with 102983019 employees, but just 10 or so people Decided to make a game that fixes so many small problems and introduces interesting mechanics with every release. I highly recommend getting this game, it is THE Bomb not even kidding."
,Recommended,245170,9035992,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kewcee Punch,"Much skull, Such girls, many fights. Wow.Seriously though, this game is superior in nearly every way to every fighting of its type I've ever played, and I've played quite a few.  Excellent game. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,9046812,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Robert Brownie Jr.,"This is probably my favorite fighting game after Soul Calibur. Even if you don't have a fighting stick (like me), the controlls are pretty solid. I imagine that this game is much better with the proper controller, but it is still a ton of fun."
,Recommended,245170,9074858,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,๖Phantom Bullet๖,"This game was full of life such as with The music, The characters, The backgrounds, and the story lines! i think this game should be bought for anyone who is already into fighting games or people who want to get into fighting games! but mostly the skills for normal are for your average fighting gamer. i give this game a 9/10 ""Amazing Game and a Must Buy"""
,Recommended,245170,9075890,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Noob.dec,"In short: Skullgirls is a classically styled 2D fighter in the a vein similiar to the MVC series. When I say it is classically styled, I mean that in more ways than one; the gamplay is reminscent of a blend of KoF, Street Fighter 2, MVC, and a dash of Tekken, the music is all Jazz and Blues influenced, and the opening of matches is themed like a '40s movie. If you are unfamiliar with fighting games, the game features an extremely in-depth tutorial series. More advanced players will dominate online matches; don't even think you will win a match until you've logged close to 50 hours. The story, arcade, and survival modes are, in my opinion, enough to justify buying the game on sale ,but if you are confident in your online abilities, then it is easily worth full price."
,Recommended,245170,9083346,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Gieterrr,"Perhaps somewhat daunting for inexperienced fighting game players, even though Skullgirls does a good job introducing them to the genre in the tutorial. Online play is dominated by mostly very experienced players, so it's difficult to get into it if you're a beginner. Despite this it is a fantastic game."
,Recommended,245170,9161296,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,T.w² | tehmecprogi,Not what I expected at all. Amazing game. Takes a bit to learn controls.
,Recommended,245170,9183372,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Pigeon,It has HUNDREDS of frames of aniMAtions of BREASTS!~Darryl Strawberry
76561198088909424,Recommended,245170,9315148,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Yuri,It's a really good fighting games ONLY playing with friends. Worth buying with another friend!
,Recommended,245170,9881656,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Karthaingo,"This is one of the better fighting games I've seen in awhile. At first, I thought it was going to be a game entirely focused around ""fan service""; but after listening to my friends who played rather avidly that it wasn't, I was convinced enough to give it a try; and boy was I surprised.This game's combat style compares to some of the greats like Marvel vs Capcom and has a cast of characters that you will either love to play or love to hate (based on storymode). The character's abilities are easy to figure out and perform, and the combat is just very fluid and easy to follow. And the best part is that all of the characters are very unique from eachother, so there will be a very slim chance that you won't be able to find a character you like to play as.If you are a fan of fighting games, this is a must have."
,Recommended,245170,10308805,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Whimsi,"This game is great especially if you're new to fighters or have never played a fighter before. I was new to fighters when I got this game and the tutorials for this game helped me out a lot with using all the moves for the characters/ leanring the basics to fighters. Even though some of the tutorials were hard to complete the first time playing through I eventually got the hang of them. The stories , artstyles and music for this game is insanely good too."
76561198017117084,Recommended,245170,8418909,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Maelwaed,"Possibly the best game I've purchased during the Holiday sale, and easily worth full price. I love fighters despite being pretty mediocre at them and have to say that this is such a great 2D fighter. It takes a genre that has tried to make itself more complex with 3D stages you can interact with and scales back, beautifully so to hand drawn art that's breath taking. Add in to that unique and complelling characters highlighting various genres from cyborg to noir, amazing music, and the ease of combat that the Vs series (aka Marvel vs Capcom, Tasunoko vs SNK ect ect) has used for a long time (which I feel does make it easier for weaker players to hold their own against Vets just a bit) and you have this great lil indie fighter to play with friends."
,Recommended,245170,8433022,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FrozenEcho,"Gorgeous 2D Fighter...amazing work for an indie release, very impressed."
76561198023152575,Recommended,245170,11803956,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,CrystalPepsi,"Yamane-san on the board, get yo' 'Vania fixHot and balanced out the gate, Buck yo' HD mixYou want them aerial raves, but you want them with chicks?(Three on three with the ladies, a menage-a-six?)Dat free ratio booty, custom assistsToo much animation, butt be ♥♥♥♥♥in' bricksNeed dat Mahvel hype, but without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!SKULLGIRLS!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,245170,11836690,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Supabait,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,11838213,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,DB,"Been playing the game for about 5 hours now and i am loving this game. As a huge fan and veteran at side scrolling fighting games i would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves fighting games. the game looks great, the art is amazing, it's not diffult to master the game and perform combos and the game is still being updated almost everyday and they are introducing new characters to the roster of fighters. 10/10 from me."
,Recommended,245170,11868857,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,DOODKEK,10/10 it's okay
,Recommended,245170,11884285,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,telekinesticman,"A very enjoyable and engaging fighting game, with amazing hand-drawn animations. The fan-servicey characters are a little obnoxious, but the great gameplay makes up for it. If I wasn't so obsessed with Super Smash Bros I would probably enjoy this a lot more, as I have trouble keeping up with the intense combos and stuff. The game has a fantastic tutorial system though, which gives you a huge list of things to try out."
,Recommended,245170,1639761,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,shakin like booty meat,Smash people with punches and kicks and listen to cool music
,Recommended,245170,7250270,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Otakumons,"this is amazing fighting game, it takes the anime look and feel we love and puts it in to a quirky fun (more adult) game play very fun and worth buying any of the packs"
,Recommended,245170,7657101,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,ϟϟ CptAssCheeks,is rly good54/10 because it made anita cry
,Recommended,245170,7686489,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Mourossonero,A refreshing fighting game! The mechanics are very profound and the in-game tutorials are excellent. You  got to give it a try!
76561198002686809,Recommended,245170,8130370,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bamboo,Its a fun fighting game in my opinon :3
76561198031037304,Recommended,245170,8132446,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Keninrebo,"It's got that Mahvel hype, but without all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198056006228,Recommended,245170,8136629,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Craedon,best indie fighting game i've played
,Recommended,245170,8370190,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Aranea,"Fun fighting game, great art,"
,Recommended,245170,8440770,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,チェン,"Man, I really dig fighting games. This game though, its one of the best that I've played. Its easy to pick up, though still challenging to get good at, even though I'm lacking a fight stick right now.The visuals are really nice looking, and beautifully animated, which I really enjoy. The music is top-tier too.Overall, this game comes very highly recommended. Totally worth the $10 if you snag it before January 2. Even if you don't, its still worth the $15. Trust me."
,Recommended,245170,8466302,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,JulianRmz,"Boobs, girls, art, music & fights. This game is awesome with a nice tutorial for all fighter noobs like myself, this is the first fight game I really enjoy. Totally recommend for newies and veterans though."
,Recommended,245170,8466892,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cryosleep,"Don't let the bouncy exterior fool you.  This game has a deep fighting engine and challenge enough for anyone.  The hand drawn visual design is excellent and the combat is tight and frenetic.  Little light on game modes, but for what you pay you definitely get your money's worth.  I'm glad I took a shot and bought it."
,Recommended,245170,9652355,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Zuez,"This game is boobs, im mean great. Boobs are just iceing on the cake for this game cause it actually have a kick♥♥♥♥♥combo system."
76561198094491423,Recommended,245170,9695072,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,ZDH513,I am shocked i have not written a review for SG yet as an avid fighting game player myself i find SG to be a very enjoyable game sure the one touch kills online are not fun but the game is always improving and thats the joy of it so i recommend everyone who likes fighting games to buy it
,Recommended,245170,8885513,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Asroyiel,"This game is really good. It's one of my top 5 fighters list. And Im big with fighting games, so I've played a lot of titles. It feels like Marvel Vs Capcom, but at the same time, it doesnt. Feels new! The game looks nice and feels smooth and it's fun and easy to get into, especially since the tutorial that is in the game is really good at helping new players. Netcode is not bad as well, had only a small ratio of lag matches, but the rest were fine! I highly recommend this game!"
76561198108778937,Recommended,245170,8983791,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,BootyWarriorGT,"I haven't played much of this game, but so far it is BADASS!"
76561198066409376,Recommended,245170,8988191,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Jisi,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,245170,9226602,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,PseudoPlox,"I quite like this game, being a fan of the fighting genre. I also like that the animations are hand-drawn (despite some of them being perverted and/or unnecessary) and that the cast of playable characters consists largely of females, each of them with their own background and personality (Also because many of them are heavily designed on female anatomy. In short, boobs.)However, this is horrifically difficult if you hardly have experience with 2d-generic fighters based around combos. But who says you needed any in a game that is pretty well-balanced save for Marie the Skullgirl? Like many, I can consider this game for beginners or people who find this to be similar to Marvel vs. Capcom 2.Now, I shall conclude this review with a nigh-perfect score of 8.75/10."
76561198112976448,Recommended,245170,9498046,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,MissAlienSpacePirate,It's a cute little addition to your collection if you like fighting games. Not very long but awesome for a quick little fix for boredom. XD
,Recommended,245170,9576325,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,ʇsǝq sʍouʞ ɹǝʌǝu,"I am a bit conflicted about whether or not I can recommend this game wholeheartedly.First of all, I'm an amateur at fighting games. I used to play some street fighter and a few other fighting games that came out on a couple consoles, but I was never anywhere near ""good"" by any competitive standard. So keep that in mind.So, where to start...The art style and world construction are both excellent. The game takes place in a fantasy world of the 1920s or '30s, populated by animal people as well as humans, and of course the martially minded female characters who possess varying levels of magic or otherwise supernatural abilities. As you can see, the art is heavily inspired by Art Deco, and while the world itself is rather fanciful, both the setting and the art feature heavy dark tones. The soundtrack is spot on, in my opinion, featuring nice 1920s style lounge jazz with silky smooth female vocals. Then, of course, there's the fan service, but I don't think I need to say much about that; I'm sure you already know what you think of that all by yourself.Unfortunately, the writing for the story sections is pretty flimsy. I don't know anybody who gets into a fighting game for the story, but if you're going to do it I think you should probably do it right. Especially when it's just a few terse lines struggling to tie together two fights, a little bit of good writing goes a long way.And, what about the gameplay itself?I think that the story and arcade modes are beginner friendly, and both modes are fun when you've got a little time to kill. Not only do the various difficulty levels help you find your own, but the challenges were such that I felt I was learning more about how to use my character of choice effectively. With the move encyclopedia (accessible in battle), and the practice mode, I think there was a good effort made at making the game accessible and learnable by those newer or not as dedicated to fighting games, like myself.Also, there a number of cool features, such as the ability to choose one character, or a 2 or 3 man tag-team for your versus battles (with each character having 1/2 or 1/3 of max health, depending on the choice), and in 2-round battles the winner keeps their health from the first round, gaining an additional bar when that's depleted.The multiplayer is really the meat of any fighting game, though; this is where it all hinges. And I do think that the multiplayer can be really fun against someone of a similar skill level, at least when you're both low to mid-level (more on this later). However, the multiplayer infrastructure is set up in such a way that finding someone of a similar skill level is the exception rather than the rule. It selects based, it seems, only upon ping (and not terribly well, even just by that standard. Expect a lot of 260ms ping fights). The result are a lot of really one sided fights that aren't any more fun for the winner than the loser (even as infrequently as I get to be the winner, haha).Additionally, playing the online multiplayer has raised some doubts about whether Skullgirls is likely to be much fun among the top level players (although I can't really say, not being one). There has been some talk of anti-juggle protection, but regardless of what that actually means a player who knows what they're doing can throw you around until the cows come home; that is to say juggle you, in the ways that leave you completely vulnerable. Once they get you into one of these the result is invariably 60-90% of your max health gone before your character is able to stand up, and then the rest is just mop-up duty. Doesn't this mean that play between two high level players is entirely focussed on who gets in the first hit?  Maybe I'm just too bad to see or know the way out of these juggle chains. It's hard for me to say.The online multiplayer also lacks any sort of communication, which is definitely best for a fighting game (communication would almost certainly just mean insults and yelling), but it also means that there's no way to develop any community or ties within the game, and means that there's noone giving any advice to those who aren't so good.Finally, this game is being patched and updated fairly regularly, but it's not an early access, so you can't expect much of this to change in the future.Conclusion; I DO recommend this game for more amateur players, but only if you're going to play it with friends (or only solo, but where's the fun in that?). Serious players, choose for yourself. The problems that I've listed may be in every fighting game, but that doesn't make them any more likely to attract new blood to the genre. Is this why only the most pigheaded of the competitive seem to play them seriously?"
76561197985341112,Recommended,245170,1050730,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Black Sister,Awwww yeah!
,Recommended,245170,1454872,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Mr. Octopicake,Buy this game. It's really good.
,Recommended,245170,3268637,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Crippling Debt,"If you like over the top fighting games, or you want to get back into them, Skullgirls is just that. Also if you appreciate anime/cartoon style art this game may peak interest."
,Recommended,245170,5630954,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Iron Shief,"Really fun game. Tight control, nice combos, a little hard on keyboard, but manageable. Would recommend using a arcade fightstick though. This is my first arcade fighter and it's really cool how the teach you everything, seriously, the tutorials super in depth. It was a little hard to get into at first, but once you dive in, the different combos that you pull off feels awesome, and the best part, you actually accomplished it. Yes you, not some one button press mindless shooter, but actually you, you pulled off a combo and with that got the advantage. This is a game that is rewarding in its challenges.A rare feature in the fighting genre is the balancing of teams. Skullgirls allows you to fight as a team of 1 to 3 characters against 1 to 3 characters. This means that you can go badass and fight 3 enemies with just a Cat gir- pers- woma- thing. Now, you might think that in multiplayer matches, that would be unfair, but Skullgirls designed the fighting to be handicapped. The less characters on your team, the stronger they are. That means that if you have one character and your opponent has a team of two, your fighter is more than twice as strong (health and attack wise) as your opponents, same thing goes for three characters. This is because have more than one character on you team allows you to switch out each of them, letting them ""rest"" to heal up and allows for team assit moves.Excited about all the DLC characters which are free when they first come out BTW. I started pretty bad at the game, but gotten to an adiquite level. This game is frequently updated so some things might change over time, but I'm sure Skullgirls will stay Skullgirls at heart.Honestly though, I'm not gonna be the guy who nags you to buy this, I'm just saying why I like it. This is my favorite fighting game, also note, I'm a cheap guy. I never buy games at full price, but this game. This is the only game I've every gotten full price the day it came out. I was that hyped about it. The developers who update this game every 30 minutes are awesome as well, they listen to their fans instead of changing something and having no consent.The Good:-(Currently) attractive all girl fighters-Awesome combos-Game that makes you feel good about how you played-Breath taking art style, game is really gorgeous-In depth tutorial so you don't feel lost as what to do-Team set ups that allow 1 to 3 character teams-Did I mention pulling off combos is AWESOME?Sadly, the Bad:-""Infinity combo breaker"" is buggy- Due to their fighting styles, some characters are like Ro, Sham, Bo with one another-uninteresting and short campaigns, think Mortal Kombat with beautiful art-controls are really confusing to rebind-small amount of combos are hard to execute on keyboard ( Full Circle LP+LK? are you kidding me?)-argueable ""over powered"" characters (Cerabella's lvl 1 blockbuster can take out 75% of your health with the right conditions)TL;DR- This game is a hell of a drug."
,Recommended,245170,7012627,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Palifael,"I can't stop playing this game, the fighting tutorials are superb, they have you striking combos and breaking them in no time. The game plays great and feels like a dream, a definite must buy for anyone in love with fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,7219815,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Maverick Hunter X,"Pretty good game, although there are times I don't know what's going on.  Still fun, nonetheless.It plays very similar to Marvel VS Capcom 2 with some features that were borrowed from other fighting games. This game actually doesn't have its own original mechanic, but rather uses already established ones and removed the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Updates are also going in consistently so rest assured that if there is a bug it will be squashed once the development team hears of it.The only downside this game has is its very small roster, which has something to do with its very slim budget.  This could have been a perfect game if it has 20+ characters on it for more variety.  Nevertheless, the fact that you're able to pick the size of your team is already variety in itself.It also has the most playable netcode among fighting games I've played on the PC.Overall, this is probably the only fighting game I get the most out of my money."
76561198100980542,Recommended,245170,7562990,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,luiskingm14,BEST GAME I EVER PLAY
76561198031155706,Recommended,245170,7657706,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,The Man of Brisk,"For those who are looking for a game to help them become familiar with the fighting gme genre, Skullgirls is a very good choice to do so thanks to the detailed tutorials, and if you're not a beginner, it's still a great title to pick up.  It's fast-paced, fun, and overly-addicting.  Although a bit bare-bones as far as single-player modes go, the game has constant updates and will even have more fighters added every few months.  With a brilliant and awesome art style, diverse and well-designed characters- some of whom are hilarious- and a mostly-fair combo system, you should not overlook this little gem."
76561198081628768,Recommended,245170,7813355,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,uhwut,"It's fun, all the characters are very unique but theres not many characters to play from but its overall fun."
76561198041706733,Recommended,245170,7888475,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Robato,Kawaii.... nuf said
76561198042162821,Recommended,245170,7888774,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Rocknalternativ,One of the best fighting games ive played
,Recommended,245170,7907833,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Squidward Tortellini,♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥S :D JIGGLY JIGGLY
76561198074478293,Recommended,245170,7917338,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Double,It's pretty swell.
,Recommended,245170,7918745,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jab Rose,"I'm not fighting game expert. Plop me into a fighting game tournament for any fighter that doesn't have a block button (So pretty much any game except mortal kombat 9) And I'll be knocked out in 10 seconds. However, I still love playing them because they're adrenaline packed and exciting expiriences. I'll admit I'm casual, and I have no interest in the competitive circuit, but let me tell you this. I. ♥♥♥♥ing. Love. Skullgirls. Take away the fighting mechanics and all that, this game just OOZES charm with each character and stage. The story mode isn't as complex as MK9 Or Injustice, but it's still pretty interesting, with a great background for each character. You can really see their personalities when they fight, and it's just so amazing. The game does have a great tutorial for New commers, however I always found the game to be a bit too geared towards the arcade stick, it doesn't accomadate the button icons for when you're using a keyboard or a gamepad (which I use) So you'll have to do a bit of memorization to learn just what button means what. But once you get the hang of that, this game is just amazing. If you're a newbie like me, I would avoid random online matches since, trust me, you will be DESTROYED by the pro players. Beginner Level lobbies are more friendly. But even then Single player story and arcade on their own can be enough to hold it for a good long while, even though I think they could have added some more to it (Tag team online mode, survivor mode, king of the hill online, etc) Final verdict? Get this game. And then get it for your friends so you can play together. It is worth the 15$ price tag."
,Recommended,245170,8237259,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,BitterBass,"Really fun and looks, sounds, and plays great. Highly recommended. :)"
,Recommended,245170,8650859,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sleepy Setto,There's gigantic flopping boobs everywhere..and it's fun too I guess
76561198082413104,Recommended,245170,8667806,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Hyde,Very Fast Passed action. Skull girls has great effort put into it and the devs really pay attention to detail.This game is obviously developed well. The only downside to the game is the skill level required to get the most fun out of it.On pc your more likely to play online rather than hang with a buddy next to you. The game is meant to be fast so slow internet and a high skilled opponent will honestly make the game frustraiting. For single player there Is a clasic arcade mode and a instresting storyline. I recomend trying all perspectives by trying all charcters so you can get a good grasp on the fun personalities and really connect with the characters through seeing them struggle against hardships.
,Recommended,245170,8713014,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Watashi wa Trash desu,"Lovely animated sprites paired with a heavily mechanical fighting game is a formula for success.  It's the little things in this game that make it for me.  The large selection of alternate colors that actually look great, talents of awesome voice actresses such as Cristina Vee, the option to choose the size of your team.  All of this makes for a great game.  Definitely worth your time and money."
,Recommended,245170,8713865,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Owari-no-splee,"Skullgirls is a pretty solid fighting game that has a really jazzy soundtrack teamed with a unique, hand-drawn art style. The game   sadly only has 8 playable characters (excluding DLC) to start off with but each character has a diffrent feel with their game play. In terms of story, each character has their own motives for searching for the ""Skull Heart"", the object of power that grants any girl's wish, so long as they are pure of heart. While one character may be looking to recover their past (Filia), another may be looking for their own salvation and free-will (pain wheel). Each character's story made me feel for them until their chapter closed. The game play is where the game shines. Each character has a diffrent fight style but yet they flow smoothly in actual fights and pulling off combos and special ""Block-Buster"" moves feels pretty good. A controler is somewhat suggested for the PC adaptaion because it would feel more natural and pulling off a really good block buster may requite making a full 360 rotation and using the arrow keys feels a bit awkward. The achivements are a bit of a pain to get but they are not IMPOSSIBLE. The game play is fun, the music is up beat, the graphics are cartoony (Which I love) but if you want 100% complete the game, achivements and all, a bit of patience is required."
,Recommended,245170,8775901,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Ultradrive,"Really good game, classic 2D fighting feel.Love that the characters are all hand drawn."
,Recommended,245170,8777869,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Tsarbux,really deep and high level of control ability focused fighting game... 6 keys are just too much to master each character... too little contents is the cons if i have to point out one that didn't satisfy users..
76561198095783865,Recommended,245170,8811435,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Spaceman2797,Super Intense Game Play. No real time to stop and think of a plan. Love this game. Recommend it to all those who like arcade fighter games like Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter
,Recommended,245170,8812894,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Deadly,"Got this game pretty recently, and WOW I must say right out of the gate it impressed me.Its both very unique in style, but familiar to other popular fighters.If you pick this game up, and you have no clue on how to play a fighter you'll be able to pick it up QUICK if you do the tutorials.If you're used to fighters and have played at a competitive level, you'll be at home here also.The game makes the barrier of entry low, while allowing you to improve to the point where you can be competitive and its not just watered down gameplay.I VERY highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,245170,8813278,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,~Vivi~,AMAZING!
,Recommended,245170,8895827,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dr.Stein,"Really fun fighting game with a cool art style. Though it has a small cast of characters, it makes up for it's wide variety of features such as the online gameplay which has a lobby so you can face other players. More characters are being added (This review might be old by then, but Big Band is currently in beta and other characters are planned on being added). I know at first glance it might be difficult to play because of the female cast, but look past that, and you get a crazy fun 2-d fighting game."
76561198031574412,Recommended,245170,8927159,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,OrochiLeona,"Fabulous dahhhling.Fantastic music, great characters. Fast paced fighting action with novel fighting styles.Like MvC2 without Sentinel."
,Recommended,245170,9465057,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Menax,"In incredibly fun, recognisable, and fast 2-D brawler. Whether you're new to the brawler scene and want to get into the genre, or just want to play a brawler to try it out, or a veteran of the scene and want something new and chalanging to learn that requires skill to fully master, Skullgirls can accomodate both.With it's classy art-style, unique atmosphere, comedy, and dark undertones, Skullgirls has an interesting world which varies from beautiful utopias, dark city streets, misterious labs, and haunting crypts, which is complimented by the exellent soundtrack that works perfectly with the rest of the game.Though there are few characters in comparison to other brawlers, they're all that are needed as each character is completely unique, and have a specific style to themselves. Each character takes a long time to master, even though the basics are easy to grasp thanks to the exellent tutorial system, and if you're playing online or in arcade mode, you can change the colour of your character with unlocked skins, which all have little refrences to other games and TV shows.The combat system is fun to play, fun to watch, and doesn't allow for endless combos like most brawlers, and while making it hard for button-mashers to prevail in a fight, it doesn't make it hard for the average player either.Overall, it is a very entertaining game, and is dirt cheap for the quality, and recieves constant updates. Even if you're not particularly interested in brawlers, it's worth buying just to have on your shelf for the option, maybe even play it in-between other games casually.9.5/10"
76561198052373138,Recommended,245170,9490736,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Crazy Hand,"Surprisingly a very good fighting game. Not a wole lot of characters, but it's really addicting and easy to get into. Actually one of my favorites now. I highly recomend it!"
,Recommended,245170,6820147,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,Uberjanky,"If there was a title for 'Most Indie Game EVAR"", I'm pretty sure Skullgirls would be a nomination. This game is known for its unique characters,new takes for its genre and the HORDES OF HORDES of fans from Indigogo backers to any supporter o this game in general.Story mode is not as long as you'd think,but that means it won't waste time with the 'I MUST HAVEZ REVENGE"" plot that some games are infamous for,such as ya know,75% OF ALL FIGHTING GAMES.Oh, and there's fanservice.ITS CALLED SKULLGIRLS, WHADYA EXPECT.VERDICT:9/10"
,Recommended,245170,7685884,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,CarlCX,"The Capcom VS-style fighting game has been around for--hold your breath--nearly eighteen years, and BOOBS ubiquitous as it is, it's never really taken the time to BOOBS explain itself all that well. Enter Skullgirls, which LOVINGLY ANIMATED CLEAVAGE the first fighting game to include a really good, comprehensive BIG FAT ASSES along with a tutorial that delves into the intricacies of the system and makes them easy to understand; the story mode is LOOK AT MY ♥♥♥♥ING CHEST along with a lush visual style and MAI SHIRANUI IS MY MOM eclectic set of characters. It's a good package.Still, there's something iffy about it, but I can't quite put my♥♥♥♥♥♥on it."
76561198031541389,Recommended,245170,7987208,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,01001000 01001001,Unless you've memorized every combo you WILL DIE.
,Recommended,245170,8016635,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ryuhanzrio,"This is an awesome game for anyone who likes fighting games. As good as , or even better than some of the more popular dlc-heavy fighters out there, cough cough .... street fighter.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEi8yXDnli8"
,Recommended,245170,8153433,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CFFG.Shinigami,"a really good fighting game that teaches you its mechanics and special moves, if your into fighting games i would reccomend this and if your not see if a friend of yours has it and try it out you just might like it. My biggest complaint for this game is in the tutorial somtimes it asks you to a combo and i would like it if it were to show you the combo your trying to do before you do just to clear up how to do it, this is only a minor complaint and it dosent take away from the game and i think you should try it."
,Recommended,245170,8156656,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,smaldo,Very fun and addicting. Easy to pick up annd hard to put down. get it.
,Recommended,245170,8870303,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,SARS Cafe,"with enough time this game can become better than guilty gear, blaz blue or king of fighters. gameplay is awesome and characters are by far unique. it does offer "" fanservice"" for those people into that kinda junk. the BGM sounds wonderful. charecter animations are awesome and gameplay doesnt feel to clunky ( clay fighters ). all in all with enough time and fine tuning this can be a fantastic 2d fighter.7/10"
,Recommended,245170,8234274,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sureyoucan,Awesome Artstyle. Awesome combat mechanics.through and through an awesome game. Everyone who likes Beat 'em Ups and/or Anime HAS to get it. Thank me later :)
,Recommended,245170,10790395,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Raiken,"There are a lot type of girls in here. From Cute, Beautiful, Creepy, even Funny.Well for me, this game is good. It's a 2D fighting game with some girls characters that fight on each other.Creative stories at the story mode, and good looking graphic atleast for me. (Cartoonish)Pantsu <3 Boing <3 Love <3It's a really nice game, just try and you'll get addicted to this."
,Recommended,245170,10798356,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dutch,it good
,Recommended,245170,3704361,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,BBQ Chocobo,"If you like fighting games, you owe it to yourself to play this one."
76561198055212986,Recommended,245170,5801985,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,DJ_Androm3da™,"Even though I suck at fighting games, Soul Calibur and Mortal Kombat are my two favorites, and I can honestly say that Skullgirls has joined them on the top three! What I love the most about Skullgirls is the 1920s stage show theme, the fast and fluid combat system, how you don't have to memorize an 8 button combination to do a special attack (this is why I'm not a big Street Fighter buff), and most of all, the cute girl characters that remind me of Dead or Alive ;)"
,Recommended,245170,7660486,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,The Nacho Man,"Eh, it's alright I guess. A pretty decent fighting game but with far too much fanservice and panty shots considering the size of the roster.Just buy King of Fighters XIII instead, far larger roster and you can actually play it in public without getting weird looks."
,Recommended,245170,7678237,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Rato,"I've never been much of a fan for fighting games, but this one seems to bridge that gap very well. The training mode is super extensive, the quality to detail is massive, and overall it's one of those ""easy to learn, hard to master"" games, which I love. It's also a great game to just put in Big Picture mode and duke it out with your friends."
,Recommended,245170,7745263,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,dave,"This is a fast-paced and intense fighting game with a really unique style and artistic direction. If you're looking for something new, you should try this one out!Though this game features only female fighters, which are somewhat provacatively dressed, the sexual content is minimal compared to other fighters (e.g. Mortal Kombat 9). So if you don't want to buy it because you think it's ""perverted"" or something you're just being delusional."
,Recommended,245170,7837146,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ThePhantomFapper,"Great game will end up playing this over and over. If you want a great fighter pick this up worth every dime, you can not go wrong with skullgirls. New characters coming out over time this is a must get fighter!"
,Recommended,245170,8151464,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Subject⑨,Dis gaem rulz
76561198009067077,Recommended,245170,9913454,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,GRANIT Salvo,"Well,  at first I discounted this as a ""chibi-ish""-""a-boy""excuse for upskirt shots.  And yes they do exsist, but it's all really tertiary to a well made fighting game.  They controls are very tight, the configuration options are extensive, the moves and characters are not at all generic.  There is just so much polished variety in this game to wow'ed by.   The only thing I could complain about now is the lack of characters, but they have added 2 post launch, and 4 more are scheduled for 2014.  So sum it up, this game does great honor to technical fighting and captures the 'essence' of Guilty Gear (PSX) njoyment that the GG series lost.  If you are sick of exagerated animie like myself....you can easily ignore that and enjoy a good fighter.  If you love fighters AND anime at all, you should already have this.  If you are terrible at fighting games, you should at least pick this up on sale, as the unique training mode teaches you all the technical moves that hardcore fighters use."
76561198009670828,Recommended,245170,9915615,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Trenchsoul,"I've not really ever been able to get hardcore about a fighting game except in an arcade environment as how I grew up in one from the original street fighter days up until I was about 20 and something is lost when not standing next to my enemy but if I was going to suggest any fighting game on steam, this would be it.  Its technical and you will get absolutely wrecked button mashing but if your serious about getting into fighting games and getting good at them then get a proper fight stick and this game asap."
,Recommended,245170,10558569,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,LionsRage,"Awesome game! Flashy gameplay, lots of amazing combos, the character roster doesn't really feel small at all.online gameplay is really fluid and pretty responsive and most of the time you will find people to play against.Best buy i've had in months on steam."
76561198092203315,Recommended,245170,10558982,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,LoliSocks,"Worst game I've ever played. I can't believe I put up with this nonsense for as long as I did. These scrubby netplayers keep doing these dumb infinites on me. Am I even allowed to play the game? What kind of cheap jerk doesn't let others have a turn? Everyone who plays this game are egotistical, ruthless pigs whom have no morals or sense of sportsmanship. This is your idea of a video game? What hole in the the earth did you crawl out of? I bet you basement dwelling, overweight casuals don't even get out. Kissless virgins, the lot of you.10/10 this game is fun."
76561198065303673,Recommended,245170,10562151,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,suprime,i think this ist the best indie game ever! i love the cartoonih look in this game
,Recommended,245170,10573001,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Clothed,It's gud if you git gud
,Recommended,245170,10578494,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Griffy,"Watch cute girls do cute things, and then beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of eachother. 10/10Also comes with Madoka Magica references."
,Recommended,245170,10594102,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ThatGuyStiv,Fast paced 2D fighter with slight sexual undertones and happy go lucky murder? Yes please.
,Recommended,245170,10607386,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,athryn,I like skulls. I like girls. 10/10
76561198068042361,Recommended,245170,10614826,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mcfishbomb,"I think this game was really worth it, a lot like Marvel 2."
,Recommended,245170,10617747,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Caurmab,"This game is really fun and addicting to play. I can't wait for the rest of the characters. More importantly, panties were seen. ;3"
,Recommended,245170,10661699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Old Pandawan,"Skullgirls is a state-of-the-art fighting game, with very balanced mechanics taken from other games, but without the burden of a legacy.It is easy to dig in, but there are deeper levels of mastering. for example there are not a lot of moves per character, but the combos are innumerable.The graphics can be judged from the trailers (to each his own), and the gameplay is fluid.The training system is very complete, it even displays the frames and the hitboxes.There is still a lack of characters, but more are coming, and I would rather have fewer choices than more characters without a strong.difference in their fight style.If you want to own at least one (balanced?) fighting game, buy this one rather than the 10th version of an old series."
76561198067716277,Recommended,245170,10668189,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,captainswiss7,"A Street Fighter style fighting game full of fap worthy girls, and great animations.  Most of the specials work like street fighter, but its balanced, and its very combo centered.  Not alot of characters, but its still a worthy fighter, and you cant go wrong for the price."
76561198058186619,Recommended,245170,10669031,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blair,10/10 bestgame bestgame 10/10
76561198041820822,Recommended,245170,10669400,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Akhail,Different from what we are used to but very fun. Graphics are very good and fighting system is very intuitive. Highly recommended for fighting game lovers
76561198040848362,Recommended,245170,10669645,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ramona,Rad fighting game with wonderful character designs.
76561198072534424,Recommended,245170,10669738,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cruxee,"This game is absolutely amazing. In my opinion, it is one of the best fighting games I've ever played. I love everything about it, the characters are unique and the fact that everything is drawn from scratch makes all the better. This game deserves every peice of glory it has, and should have even more of it. 10/10."
,Recommended,245170,10671635,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Big Aids,lots of boobs10/10
,Recommended,245170,10676095,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Art Therapy,"Girls, man. Girls."
76561198064056327,Recommended,245170,10678031,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JasonRoofie + Lucas,"Some of the upskirt shots look really neat. The game is fun, but not to fast. It's way past cool for sure, and even if a bunch of the characters are dlc, I still like the upskirts."
,Recommended,245170,10682747,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GSV0108,Worth it only for the tutorial!Best Tutorial in any fighting game - concepts that are used in nearly all modern fighting games are explained very well.And the game itself is also a lot of fun!
,Recommended,245170,10683641,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,City The Villainous,"The game had my attention since the success of its Kickstarter and I wanted very badly to try it out before finally getting it on my Xbox not too long ago. It's a treat to finally get it for the PC as well. The gameplay is tight and fast-paced, but it all comes down to a player's ability, which makes the game fair and have enough tools to help newcomers become better with time. The story and characters fit with each other and keeps me interested in more than just the game itself. With new DLC coming along, it not only gives oppurtunity to discover a possible new favorite character to play but also to find out how they fit into this giant puzzle of a story. The music is also fun to listen to and none of it seems out of place. Whether you love fighting games or want to get into them, I'm sure you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,245170,10689671,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Voltar,"10/10Nurses, Cat-Ladies, Crazy ♥♥♥♥♥es, great music, great visuals, GREAT PHSYICS (if ya know what I mean). This game has it all!Fair warning for people who are used to keyboards: Your thumbs will be sore!"
,Recommended,245170,10694729,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,BirdSchool,Excellent 2D Fighter.  Love all the mechanics!
76561198042590018,Recommended,245170,10702288,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Abstractopus,Great fast-paced fighting game!
,Recommended,245170,10719276,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Isilldur,An amazing game. Great storyline. Fun as hell to play. Great and smooth animation. its a bit short but worth it in the end i stayed up for hours on end playing. It does only have a few people to choose from. but worth it. 9/10
76561198010299161,Recommended,245170,10102683,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Mossdeep2,"So much fun, and it just keeps getting more fun! Try it, with a friend makes it even better."
76561198008267928,Recommended,245170,10104209,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ozlo,I very solid game with great artwork and fun combat. Has the best tutorial I've ever seen in a fighting game so that people that don't play fighters much(like me) can easily get into the groove of things and actually compete with other players.
,Recommended,245170,10166672,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Rippchord,Don't question. Just buy it. You'll be glad you did.
,Recommended,245170,10182827,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,John Keel,A+ best waifu fighter
,Recommended,245170,10266303,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,hero11,"Ok, this is a great fighting game, has indepth tutorials and even teaches you how to use characters moves. Just... stay away from random online matches if you're a beginner at fighting games."
76561198040612845,Recommended,245170,10279301,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Boop,"Really good feel in a fighting game. Interesting story too, wish the dev's would expand more into it."
,Recommended,245170,10660553,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,✪ flip heck,11/10
76561198059098417,Recommended,245170,10702864,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cowboy Spike,"Skullgirls well to put in the short it's a fighter game and cartoone which i love but also a buch of hot babes so it's totally awsome for that. And not only dose the charecters and maps look good it feels right. Not only are the charecters balanced but it's a good size of charecters although it would be nice to have more charecters. But so far there is a nice feel. It's for all major platforms so ps3 and xbox and pc. The only thing bad about pc version is it's a bit hard to play on with a keyboard and much easier with a game pad. All and all i do recommend this game for people who like fighter games and also cartoon/anime type games. And yes there is alot of ""Plot""ISMorris"
76561198048797336,Recommended,245170,10711674,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Grumpus,super salty
,Recommended,245170,10715340,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ramdonperson,Two important things I've learned from this game:1) This is what a high quality game looks like2) I'm crap at this game.
76561197967004626,Recommended,245170,10719891,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Motegi,Grab this game. Seriously.
,Recommended,245170,10727629,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Papa's in the House,"A solid fighting game with beautiful animations and art, exciting music, and lovable characters. The game itself has very good fighting mechanics and offers in-depth tutorials for beginners. If you love fighting games, you can't go wrong with Skullgirls!"
,Recommended,245170,10742201,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ThatTrumpeter,I see myself putting many hours into playing this game becasue it is such an amazing fighing game. Love the diversity of characters (that resemble some other games Lol) which I love. buy now no matter what becasue more new characters are coming soon.
,Recommended,245170,10743047,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,pinata_BLASTA,"I am not a fan of fighter games, but skullgirls won me over in a big way. The animations are great, the theme is very well done, the fighting mechanics are top notch and the characters are very creative."
,Recommended,245170,10743245,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Vegedus,"Best tutorials I've seen in a figher, so good for fighting game scrubs. Very good fighter in it's own right, with a fast pace and diverse characters, and great art."
,Recommended,245170,10843118,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Baka Gaijin Weeaboo,"very fun game. competitive level play and easy for newcomers.learn the basics of fighters. from hit confirms to punishing players. down side, charge characters are very safe and have meaty moves."
76561198034949947,Recommended,245170,10843743,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Original Carrot,"lets see a 2 d fighter with almost a all female cast , from murses to parasites to nekus and cartoorns... WHATS NOT TO LIKE!!?i love this game , good art and good story. plus ITS FULL OF REFS! from anime to cartoons to moives ,GET THIS GAME! ouo"
,Recommended,245170,10862700,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Joe's SFPC Gaming Channel,"So far I love this game, I'm just dying for a Linux version! Windows is dead to me, long live SteamOS!"
,Recommended,245170,10871471,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Creek Wolf,I am not a woman but this game sure granted my wish if u no wot i mean bby
76561198063852030,Recommended,245170,10873066,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CobblerHunter,Peacock says Garbage Day! when firing a gun 10/10.
,Recommended,245170,11077925,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Epyon187,Great game
,Recommended,245170,2118650,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,DeanofDeeps,"Amazing fighter in general, let alone for the measly price of 15$. Tutorial is the best I've seen  even if you're a newbie to fighting games. Stylish combos, great plotline, and some fanservice to boot huehuehue"
,Recommended,245170,2171420,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Slashblast,Not the easiest fighting game I've playedDefinitely the most fun thoughCerebella is my waifu
,Recommended,245170,10848028,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Skiwee,"While I honeslty have not played much of this game, I have fallen in love with the art style.  This game is beautifull, if not a little racy at times.  Still it is a solid fighter with nice visuals.  Could do with some alternate costumes that would not leave these characters so exposed but here is to hoping."
,Recommended,245170,10895974,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Stealthy Robot,"Fast paced and chaotic, very combo heavy, pleasant artstyle, and a decently sized roster of unique characters all with their own fighting styles and themes. 9.5/10"
76561198106391741,Recommended,245170,10917981,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheTism,This game is great buy it.
,Recommended,245170,10918049,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Urma_Empire,"It's good, but it needs more butts. 6 chicken wings, out of 10 dishes, out of 4 meals, out of 11 trips to the bathroom."
,Recommended,245170,10645518,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hawxegen,"This 2D arcade fighting style game is quite fun & I am liking the anime styled characters. If you are used to capcom/SNK fighting games, mugen etc...then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,245170,10646173,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,bOneSaW,This is nothing like my Japanese animes... but it's fun I guess.
76561198027887580,Recommended,245170,11707232,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Malerted,"It's just amazing. Great gameplay, amazing graphics, and unexpectedly lovable characters."
,Recommended,245170,11692250,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Aecus Dreary,completely worth the $30 i put into it
76561198114768210,Recommended,245170,11720889,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Marquis_Nikola,This game is great. Gameplay over internet is somewhat laggish but it might just be my connection it has the makings of a pretty good sit down and with your friends and enjoy game.
76561198102983998,Recommended,245170,32708944,Posted: 23 June,all,AntiSpasticLad,REALLY FUN WHEN U MASTERED EVERYTHING THE GAME HAS OFFERED TO U! XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,11162761,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Morty Smith,"After spending a good amount of time withing the Tutorial and playing the game in general, I can honestly say that Skullgirls is by far the BEST fighting game I have ever played. I have played Ultra Street Fighter 4, Ultimate Marvel 3 and so on, but, Skullgirls fills some holes those two left me with.The mechanics are so far similar to Marvel which is great. The game flows very closley to that of Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 as well, which works well! The only difference is there is no combo tagging in/out. Which means a Character soley relys on assists ONLY from their partner if he so chooses to have one. This, in term, make this title feel more like King of Fighters 13, which is also amazing.The tutorial mode helps newcomers to the fighting game scene explore what the game is capable of, showing them how to play certain characters tuned to said characters styles of play. This actually helped ME out during my playthrough as I often have trouble determining what characters are what and what situations are best for them.The storyline is different for each character and the online is nearly perfect. The only downside is that you can't play versus a CPU without being in Arcade mode. Its a bit annoying but not a huge deal.I would also like to add this game doesn't take much to run! Which, on a machine like mine, is a huge plus!UPDATE:After sitting with this game as of recently I have some more stellar complaints.This title is still good at it's core. However, the dwindling base of players made it pretty much a shoe-in for keeping in your backlog, never to be played again. The indie dev's who made this title put a lot of care into the game, which sucks because the game itself is still great!I would reccomend a more popular title if you are looking for some solid Multiplayer action, something like Street Fighter 5 or Tekken 7 if you are in the market for a fighting game.Updated Score - 5/10"
,Recommended,245170,10389054,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,KSH,"Fighting games for the cheap, perfect for total noobs to fighting games who want a tutorial, works on every toaster known to man from 2009 to today+Good tutorial that can be applied to other fighting games (for the most part)+Easy to understand mechanics+Good lookin' game with nice butts. Thanks, Alex+It's like Marvel 2 combined with Guilty Gear+Variety of character playstyles. There's even a puppet character (Like Zato/Eddie from the GG series)-Might be noob friendly in teaching, but not so much playing online with randoms-You might may or may not hate this game after playing different fighting games and coming back to Skullgirls after a long period of timeWhile I recommend it for beginners, beware that this is a fighting game. Not everyone is a beginner like you. Skullgirl's player base is small, meaning you'll face mainly really good players from as far back as when this game first came out. To get good, you have to lose first: the rule of thumb in any ""game you want to win in""UPDATE: This game has the 2nd Encore update as DLC. Get it if it's past the year 2016 and you want all the DLC characters and target combos to practice withOverall good fighter that welcomes many to the genre. This is actually where I started myself and I will always recommend this game as a start because it teaches you things that is universal to a lot of fighting games."
76561198092057937,Recommended,245170,32938905,Posted: 28 June,all,Nik92,One of the best fighting game out there. I also really love the music and the art style
,Recommended,245170,12961231,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,BabyRabbi,"Good game, but you need the 8 button controller for the full effect.Like, seriously.The controls on keyboard are ♥♥♥♥ing garbage."
,Recommended,245170,32874619,Posted: 27 June,all,Feelgy,"i bought it for the tiddies, turns out big band is hotter"
,Recommended,245170,16254322,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mour ∆,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYq4jihusVgMe all through this game.
,Recommended,245170,16153921,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Gen1us,Nice!!!!
,Recommended,245170,16155307,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,subarashii supeedo,A man changed his organs into musical instruments.Why not.
76561198068258382,Recommended,245170,16155744,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,desu,Verdy nice
,Recommended,245170,14845757,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BOT Skeleton,"This is a frickin' great game, it's one of the best fighting games I've ever played. Fast-paced, intesne, artistic, and generally one of the best-looking games I've ever seen."
76561198273672139,Recommended,245170,33282278,Posted: 5 July,all,slugsalt,i love my waifu parasoul
,Recommended,245170,17343284,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,245170,33068511,Posted: 30 June,all,RivetKick,A1 Graphics
,Recommended,245170,33075679,Posted: 1 July,all,『AkuBaka』  ツ,nice fighting game
76561198181540501,Recommended,245170,19302024,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,MattDood,"I have been suporting this game for a very long time. I can talk about hoe beautiful the animations and art style, I can talk about how fantastic the gameplay is. But I will say one thing. This game is Fantastic. It has a story, it has Godlike gameplay interesting characters. I have had this game for a long time on my Xbox and this version is fantastic.10/10 will play till the end of time."
76561198160868511,Recommended,245170,19261005,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Strayed Lynx,"A very good western developed fighting game,it also had some nice fanservice,but then the developer went out of their way to modify frames of animation to censor panty shots,talk about a good way to expend time,money and labour."
,Recommended,245170,11238245,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Gozuke,"It's a great game, nice and catchy music, great arts and design.The game got a nice combo making system, even though you may only have a few character to play with."
,Recommended,245170,10371399,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Emi,"Skullgirls is an amazing letter to anyone who likes to see a big trench coat wearing one man band beat the absolute tar out of a bunch of women, all in the name to punch a heart-shaped skull in it's  stupid face with his rocket powered fist.10/10 Would Punch Faces Again."
,Recommended,245170,7930660,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Vaaith,"One of the best fighting game i've ever played and the best 2D game I've seen so far.Well balanced, good combo features. Keeps the old arcade tradition like ( <- -> P or |\-> P), adding fresh mechanics.A must-have for all fighting game lover.(hope it will get a steam award)"
,Recommended,245170,10959583,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Forgotten T,"This game is amazing, the fighting is fluid and fun, and the characters are very creative, and the story, and art style is awesome,  I like the dark stories, even though I feel bad every time I finish one, but it's a good thing because it just proves that it's interesting, and I feel for the characters, even though the stories are pretty simple, and very short, they did an amazing job on this game, wish there were more characters, but that's about all I could really wish for (other than a better command list, since I use an xbox controller I have no idea what button is what, so I just have to trial and error the moves to learn them..)I would definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,245170,11103008,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,quagzlor,"i absolutely love this game. fast paced, exciting, fun and not as boring as i tend to find other fighting games.that said, you will get absolutely crushed in multiplayer unless you've mastered your combos."
76561198045592963,Recommended,245170,10673775,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Alo-Alo-Alo,gr8 m8 8/8
,Recommended,245170,9995785,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Ghost of Harambe,"It's literally just a Kawaii Wifau Street Fighter, It's great. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,12992032,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Snakeboy229,Only bought this game a day ago and i already love it.Squigly = Best
,Recommended,245170,11013468,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,mael,"+ Fantastic art style and animation+ Solid and fun gameplay+ Deep, competitive mechanics designed by fighting game veteran Mike Z+ Music by Castlevania composer Michiru Yamane+ In-depth, beginner-friendly tutorial system+ Palette-swap character, because Decapre+ WRYYYYYYYYYY!!- Too many puns- Only suitable for those mature enough to not freak out at the sight of cartoon underwearGreat game, get it."
76561198041995956,Recommended,245170,13970080,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,bahamut66,"Let me make something clear before we continue.  You CAN enjoy Skullgirls if you are not great at fighting games.  After all, I did.  However, this game is very offense heavy and you need to be aggressive to have any hope of success in vs.The game is beautiful, the animation is fluid, and the backgrounds and art style pop with a huge amount of detail.  Would have liked the story to be clearer and the art style itself is a bit hit or miss.  Lots of fan service so if you're not into that, well...maybe you should look elsewhere.  There is a very in depth tutorial, though, so even newbies can learn the basics of each character pretty easily.The biggest complaint I have with the game is the final boss, which is ridiculously cheap and difficult for beginners.Fighting games are not my forte and I have a few issues with this game, but on the whole, I do recommend it.  Just remember, the art style might not be for you and if you aren't a hardcore fighting game fan, you might not get as much out of it as others."
,Recommended,245170,16476869,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CaptainLagg,My right arm got so strong over the day *cough*. Would play *fap* *cough* again!
,Recommended,245170,16460866,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,『Tsuyu』,"beg bend es teh werst champino n al uf dta 2069, et hes wy 2 hie mechonics nd es teh mane reesan eyem stock n brnz 99,  i deesirv chellenjour but beg bend es helding mi bek,  gg10/10 wuld brnz agin"
,Recommended,245170,16636386,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,rich evans,"SKUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULLGIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRLSYamane-san on the board get your vania fixHot and balanced out the gate ♥♥♥♥ yo HD mixYou want them aerial raves and you want them with chicks?(A 3v3 with the ladies, a manage-es-six?)Free ratio booty, custom assiststoo much animation butt be ♥♥♥♥♥in brixYOU WANT THAT MAHVEL HYPE, BUT WITHOUT ALL THE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!SKULLGIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRLS10/10"
76561198144420718,Recommended,245170,16146082,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Honja,love it already
,Recommended,245170,16147722,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PekPek,"I bought this game just for the jiggs,"
76561198174405881,Recommended,245170,16214217,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Mochi Ken,I think skull girlz is best game ever
,Recommended,245170,16919157,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Meganerd212,"do you like marvel but not the insane combos and dieing bucause of that one jump in that you messed the anti air on? well skullgirls is the game for you. the story mode is amazing and so fun to watch. the only downside it that you dont get all of the characters when you buy the game, they are all dlc. Side note, play valentine if your a guy ;-)."
76561198049752064,Recommended,245170,18040520,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,ESPizza,"Can't play with one hand, cutscenes not animated. 0/10"
,Recommended,245170,10768225,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alpaca,Too lewd.
,Recommended,245170,10670536,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HeyManNiceShot,"Skullgirls is a lot of fun and a great fighting game. It's different and it might alienate some people, but once you get used to its peculiar style, it's a blast. Its art style is appealing not mainly for its looks, but because of how smooth characters are. This game has a LOT of animations, and it looks great in motion. That isn't a gimmick and it's a legitimate fighter underneath that, a really fluid one too.Spending the evening watching girls kicking the crap out of each other, pulling their heads off, boobies bouncing, weapons turn into various other objects, etc. is satisfying enough to make this a good purchase."
,Recommended,245170,17453766,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bum tickley,good
,Recommended,245170,16449004,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RollCritFail,Has the Netcode MKX Shoulda Had. 10/10 Would Have Good Netcode Again.
,Recommended,245170,16215398,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,[FFF]RyukoMuhFookinMatoi,Makes me horni
76561198086125734,Recommended,245170,22621325,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,General Winter,whats not to love about this game?
,Recommended,245170,8928368,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Punished Bump,"Solid fighting game, stands up to AAA games easily. Neat story and character designs, and all the girls have nice jugglejongles.8.5/108/10 tiddy"
,Recommended,245170,17962444,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Mashu,i got the preload and i barely got to play it but it was fun while i got to play it
,Recommended,245170,17965294,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,ImmortalCactus,I hate most fighters but i have found quite some enjoyment in this plus the artsyle is superb
,Recommended,245170,17959098,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Maximum Beef ラーメン,Can't pass the tutorial D:
,Recommended,245170,21372749,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,kuroneko,Rage quit cause I couldn't beat Filia in Fukua's story.Got grounded cause my mom happened to walk by when Cerebella was in the middle of a Loop de Loop.Stayed up until 3 AM completing all of the stories when I had work at 9 AM.10/10 would beat up your waifu again.
76561198075426194,Recommended,245170,32546686,Posted: 18 June,all,Twinleo,I got a copy shiped from Japan just to play it on my vita. 10/10 Would wait 3 months again.
76561198192838607,Recommended,245170,20985094,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,nyopperz,gr8 character designgr8 animationgr8 artgr8 fightinggr8 and uniqueGr8888888would r8 8/8
76561198124712503,Recommended,245170,24483504,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BlackShaggy,big boobs big girls
,Recommended,245170,24800019,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mearth,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,245170,28656479,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,SlimeCrime,The girls are hot 10/10
,Recommended,245170,17723655,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,inFo,"One of the best fighting games I've ever played, following just behind Super Smash Bros. Melee"
,Recommended,245170,23514462,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Avian Zebra,"This is a great gameActually is really balanced, don't let the salty scrubs tell you otherwise, and the fanservice ultimately is unimportant while you are trying to survive your opponent."
76561198120819916,Recommended,245170,23728952,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,sayney_123,i have seriously never searched for this much porn in my life.the game is good tho.♥♥♥♥♥♥on my fingers
,Recommended,245170,23736173,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,NerDex,nice
,Recommended,245170,23813198,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TeenageRaichu,its great except for the fact that when i pause the game and unpause it it glitches out and none of the variable files unpause so time and health stay constant
,Recommended,245170,24011503,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wwelp,"Came for the boobs, stayed for the gameplay.  10/10P.S.Marie is one of the most annoying bosses for a fighting game."
,Recommended,245170,24040230,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Bokoura,"Perhaps the best fighting game to ever come out of the West. Everything about this game's presentation is top-notch. If you like fighting games at all, pick this up."
,Recommended,245170,23695965,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,hello my name is v,"This game is quite nice. I like how there is a lot of action going on as much as fan service, which gives it a welcoming feel, but at the same time a battleground atmosphere. This is for people who like 2D Fighters with loads of combos and techniques, but at the same time like attractive female fighters with huge, you know what I mean. It won't be a 10/10 but it's still good for the price of 10 USD."
,Recommended,245170,23770653,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,greysombra,"Game is fun for anime fans and fighting games fan. It has some good music and art style. Lokk at this game and yell ""SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY""!"
76561198310648955,Recommended,245170,23851063,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,mangashanex,"i rcommend the game BUT it needs some A.I fixing, especially with the character fukuas story boss character (filia), she was even harder than the main boss character of the GAME (marie). still haven't even beat her. otherwise it has many things people will want in a fighting game except a big starting character roster so i do recommend getting dlc characters. and BTW the games button layout works similer to the Marvel vs Capcom and Street Fighter with some more combo capabilities. and when it comes to people who dont like women being oversexuallized in a game, this is PROBABLY not for you. unless you enjoy the game enough to not care."
76561198102191316,Recommended,245170,23876105,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,vash24601,This is one of my favorite fighting games and it's a great buy
76561198168695564,Recommended,245170,24247936,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Cobalt Moon,"Great fighting game, possible to win my button mashing  through the story modes, short skirts, fast paced combat, boobs, interesting characters, catgirls, and a unqie world. It's a thumbs up in my book"
,Recommended,245170,24354469,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,IssacFunny,"I like the art style of Skullgirls, it's also fun to play. It's a 2D fighting game and one of the best."
76561198031969844,Recommended,245170,23473482,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Martelheur,"As a incredibly quick review, I'd say the following :-stupendous graphics and animation-excellent soundtrack-REFERENCES EVERYWHERE-very cool and well executed dark deco/roaring twenties setting-the roaster may be small, but frankly, with all there is to master in each character - which are all very unique- at least for a beginner, you're not soon to be bored-a lot of stages (i mean come on there's more stages than characters...)-really complete game modes, options, menu, etc...-extremely fun to play whatever your level, especially with a friend besides youThe main downside would be the story mode. I know I'm not supposed to be expecting much from a fighting game, since that's not his point...but still. Even if the artworks are great, the story of each character is shockingly short (doesn't exceed 10 minutes if you don't count the fights). Also, it is poorly told (some of the writing is plain as water, and I'm not speaking about the super predictable situations, events and outcomes, or on the contrary the unexplained lore that's needed to understand the plot), and sometimes even not told at all! I remember times when a fight would occur without ANY explanation at all as for his reason to take place. Just as if there was a fight there to, well, fight...because ♥♥♥♥ that's a fighting game. I mean it's really like "" Hey Samson you wanna eat an ice cream?"" and BOOM *insert fight with random character you didn't even know existed*Last but not least, the dub is somewhat uneven. It's sometimes perfectly fluent, and other times it seems like the voice actor is reciting a lesson.But then again, flawed as it is, the story mode is far from essential to a fighting game, and aside it, everything's almost perfect.That's why I highly recommend it."
76561198146642227,Recommended,245170,23564939,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Patrickburch73,worth the 10$ price tag i would also recomended at least getting all the dlc characters at the least. overall a great fighting game with beutiful 2d art that time effort and love were put into every frame of animation.
76561198076512615,Recommended,245170,10687858,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ThePridefulRogue,"This game is awesome, the mechanics are great, and all the character are unique with badass combos. The tutorial in this game teaches you a pretty good deal of the game mechanics, so head on there before you start button smashing and get your♥♥♥♥♥kick."
76561198041162919,Recommended,245170,15424640,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,CrotchComet,lol
76561198036199089,Recommended,245170,13991880,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Maki Aznable RedStar,art story girls? this what you looking for then go buy this game. lol
,Recommended,245170,18480277,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Spoiled Milk,ye
,Recommended,245170,18940785,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,qiromon,Skullgirls=good game
,Recommended,245170,18262076,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Theo De Raadt [rm -rf],"Fantastic Linux port! Thanks Lab Zero!Also, the game's pretty good too I guess,"
,Recommended,245170,15991803,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,mintyRealist,Just yes is all.
,Recommended,245170,14607231,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Metallic_Fizz,Fun/10I like the art and 1950's atmosphere.
76561198254344002,Recommended,245170,24287392,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,MADDHATTER,okay what i like about this game is the old school feel to the game i am a 92 baby when i sewe things that remind me of those good old days it does somethingf to a man you know but any ways i love fighting games either way but if you are not in to the feel of the game just dont get it and i dont think  story mode have voice in it so if you dont liike reading alot this may not be for you but if you are okay with it and the feel of the game get it the fighting is a little off to me but i am okay with if just fix it to your keys
76561198204243281,Recommended,245170,24348604,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TrashGod,"This game is one of my favorite fighting games of all time. The game has a beautiful array of colors and oozes with creative visuals. The characters each have their own style and gameplay that fit the character well that I feel a lot of triple A fighting games kind of lack (favorite character by far is Squigly) not to mention the soundtrack is awesome to listen to. With that said though I have developed a ""temper"" (putting it lightly) with this game. I love playing it however there are some crazy difficulty spikes in it that make no damn sense combine this with the fact that the game's AI will spam move sets to essentially juggle you without proper breathing room (seriously i tested it, in one fight i didn't touch the controls and there was only a second between combos). This makes the game nearly unplayable in later stages ad i'm not getting into the ludicris act of putting half the characters behind a pay wall. Over all I love this game but it has some flaws (sorry of the novel sized reveiw)."
76561198056042175,Recommended,245170,14978305,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Z3R0xR3B0RN,"""Write a review for Skullgirls""Yes"
,Recommended,245170,6660538,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,[SKVR]PrinceHawk,"Very fun game, I give it all of my Yes.You like fightning game? You buy this, yes?"
76561198018066796,Recommended,245170,10991217,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,makoto,"This is the first fighting game that I've ever really gotten into (other than Smash Bros., which is more of a fighting/party hybrid). So yeah, I really like it. I should probably start using characters other than Filia though."
76561198042909553,Recommended,245170,7811875,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Troop-Gamer 74,well game is fun but thier are some unfair fight if a beginer of a new fighting game but is worth
,Recommended,245170,7720883,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Bryyte,"Bought for boobs, stayed because it's a really great fighting game."
76561198056272811,Recommended,245170,8148340,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,OscarTheWageSlave,is cool game
,Recommended,245170,7872248,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Spud,"Skullgirls is an exceptional puzzle game, despite my admittedly short time in it. I'm a lot better at Tetris. This is where I write a review about crap I don't care about so that little silver icon that says I need to write a review stops saying I need to write a review. Does Valve even double check this stuff? I bet they don't.First off, the game is gorgeous and if you disagree I'll hit you in every genital you own. Hand-drawn animations and backgrounds make up the entirety of the visuals, and effects are top-notch as well. There is also a (somewhat small for the time being) cast made almost entirely of girls, girls for every taste. There's your big-breasted sexy evil nurse, and your big-hipped sexy amnesiac schoolgirl, and your big-butt rotten zombie girl with the big worm in her head who was also an opera singer. She reminds me of my ex. Because of the singing, I mean. She had a nice voice. Not because of the worrmmss in her heeaaddddThese visuals seem somewhat wasted on such a game, though. Skullgirls attempts to sell itself through and through as a 'fighting game,' whatever that is, with comparisons to some other crap no one cares about called Marmen vs. Canada or something. I don't know. I bought this because the developers seemed like cool folks who could use my measly ten dollar pre-order to make better games, by which I mean ones that include falling blocks and aren't in the wrong category in the Steam store. Despite the insistence on such things like life bars, 'super' meters that use a different name so they aren't supers, et cetera ad infinitum, at its heart Skullgirls is a very in-depth puzzle game. It revolves around stringing together the longest 'combo' of sequential button presses you can without triggering the function that says your string of button presses is too long and now your opponent can use their string of button presses. Sometimes the developers change this function to work differently. Then the players rework their strings of button presses to circumvent the function again. Where is the L block? There is no L block. There are blocks and Ls but no L blocks.I give this game 9/10 rolling cat heads, it's okay but is obviously sexist, racist, bigot-ist and Marxist along with innumerable other words ending in -ist but somehow not including 'fist.' That's my favorite word ending in -ist. Or -isting. Anyway leave a comment on my Steam zone if you want a pizza roll."
,Recommended,245170,8343517,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,elfoxy,much kawaiiwow
,Recommended,245170,15435083,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Chrissy♥,Great Game
,Recommended,245170,14158511,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,✴✴Haydar✴✴,This game has very good graphics that i cant describe and a great fighting characters i like and i recommend this. everyone should play this!
,Recommended,245170,20665862,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Free 2 Buy,"Best fighting game I've ever played, hands down."
,Recommended,245170,16187259,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,F E M I N I N E P E N I S,Would have injection once againValentine worth 3 euro
76561198077977384,Recommended,245170,27509094,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yung Trash,The only fighting game you should play one handed.
76561198084748865,Recommended,245170,14844923,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,EpicSerpents,If only I was good at it
,Recommended,245170,13899811,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,go respect gamer girls,11/10 like skyrim with boobs
75476758150289436,Recommended,245170,22394368,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,̀͠͏̡FennecFox̖̲͕ ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,Parasoul is the coolest character ever!!!
,Recommended,245170,30991872,Posted: 6 April,all,bigmack,"play this for waifus, combos, sick content and a solid community."
,Recommended,245170,30982478,Posted: 6 April,all,Aniya,Best game10/10
76561198167011975,Recommended,245170,22376362,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ScottDbanger,Zone-tan brought me here and didnt dissapoint me 3=======>Its also a fun fighter.
,Recommended,245170,14097195,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,100% GAY,"Best game evah, 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,245170,14073857,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Burmaz,"You see this and think 'Ooh, another fighter game with cute-looking girls!'Then you buy it.Then you play through your first story mode with Filia.Then Marie breaks you.Then you promise yourself to get better.Then you reach Marie one more time.Then you break her.This happens several times, until you learn the basics of every character and unlock most of the stuff. But still something keeps you playing... you think yourself strong enough to take on other players.Then you make the mistake of trying ranked play.The pain comes. You might try and struggle against it, but getting crushed becomes inevitable.You realize the only way to make all of this worth while is to get good.Then you play through the tutorial again, actually reading this time.Then you start grinding Arcade on nightmare with the character(s) of your choice, smashing your head against the stainless steel wall that is Red Marie.Maybe the next DLC character comes out in the meantime, and you pick him or her up free of charge, as they're always free for the first few months.Then you keep practicing.You learn what 'resets' are. You learn what's the difference between a regular and an ' OTG' combo.You learn to combo, just as you once learned to walk.Then you beat her.Welcome to multiplayer. Let the games begin."
,Recommended,245170,14105701,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,JamSession,"One of the best fighting games out there. Comprehensive training mode, unique and interesting characters, solid gameplay and mechanics."
,Recommended,245170,14091462,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Lord Sweg,"Came for the ""plot"", stayed for the plot and gameplay.10/10 - Juanito, el Acosador CEO Pedobear Inc."
76561198076846977,Recommended,245170,14081624,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rockloh,"Good game with varied character design, nice moves and combos. It was worth for the single player and local versus alone. Online is unplayable because of lag.What got me into the game was the art style, it's great and the game looks amazing though the story mode cutscenes have way lower quality than the rest of the game.It doesn't innovate much on the standard 2D fighting game mechanics, but it's pretty damn competent at it.I recommend the game if you don't mind playing local or against the AI because all the online matches I played were terrible."
76561198025878917,Recommended,245170,14082516,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,WalkingSkeleton,Absolutely Fantastic! A great game which took me half-an-hour to beat the first character and one full hour on the boss before I figured out I could spam 1 move with Painwheel.It made my mother worry that I had constipation around the half-hour mark or wanted to kill myself around the one hour mark.Brilliant!10/10
76561198015229979,Recommended,245170,14116325,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,patyos,Amazing Fighting GAme with a well done fighthing system and amazing combat and characters in a unique STYLE !
76561198272662180,Recommended,245170,33665942,Posted: 19 July,all,devin,"I love thies game. When i first heard about it, it did some research on it and just fell in love with the character design. The gameplay is standard fight game format but its still awesome."
76561198156264781,Recommended,245170,17753987,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Lynxx0r,"Like Mortal Kombat X but with boobs. A solid 10/10, Let's go Samson."
,Recommended,245170,19859156,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Tinkalila,GET IT ON THE STEAM SALE. DO IT. JUST DO IT.
,Recommended,245170,13968693,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Kjackice,"Do you like boobs?Do you like butts?How about a diverse cast of strong female and male characters, interesting storys, and great artwork.No?Ok then ♥♥♥♥ off scrub! u wot m9"
76561198076508079,Recommended,245170,16488364,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ShellyTheSeal,The AI is allowed to use the DLC characters which are massively overpowered and will destroy you. Other than that it's a really good game
,Recommended,245170,15293407,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,White_Noise,"Skullgirls is a great fighting game with lots of cool storylines and art. Each move for each character is unique in their own way, and the tutorial to learn those moves is fantastic. I would highly reccommend this to anyone looking to get into fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,32032673,Posted: 28 May,all,Vlaynie,2D version of DOA that has 2D waifus instead of 3D waifus
,Recommended,245170,29194162,Posted: 11 January,all,-W3E- The DJ,"Controls are difficult, but who needs those when you only have one hand?"
,Recommended,245170,22701032,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Bakai,"Mortal Combat, but for weeboos."
,Recommended,245170,22715509,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,A Relatively Tall Douglas Fir,"SkullGrills is a fun game with friends and watch them get salty when you misclick, there are also alot of jiggling...I wonder how fun that was to animate :^)"
,Recommended,245170,22711149,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TacticalNerd1963,"Favorite game of all time. I've known about it for a couple years, and only just got it this January. I love this game's style and it's really fun to play, Definitely recommend it for any fighting game veteran/beginner."
,Recommended,245170,22720946,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Catmints,played all of the none dlc story modes then when i got back in the next the game started to lag and its not some kind of online lag it was the game itself to the point were i had to alt tab out in order to quit so yeah the game itelf was fun was kinda disapointed when only 2 charicters used the skull heart but it was a nice game with some pretty tight controlls and some ok story to it.
,Recommended,245170,22724313,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Undead_Opera_Singer,"Sleek, fast-paced, beautifully animated with a unique art direction, coupled with terrificially well-balanced gameplay and an amazingly catchy soundtrack, Skullgirls is a lovingly, wonderfully crafted game that has all its moving parts executed flawlessly in every way. I can't remember the last time Capcom made a fighting game that handled this well and looked this gorgeous....Wait. It'snotmade by Capcom?Huh. Well, that explains it then."
,Recommended,245170,22869836,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,| BMR | MANTISxB,"Hands down the best tutorial for beginners in any fighting game. Amazing scaling of difficulty, fun as all hell to play, and can run very well on a piece of bread.I adore this game."
76561198156607496,Recommended,245170,22978627,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Captain Qwurtyz,Let's be honest you want this game for the♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065238969,Recommended,245170,22901986,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Foxx,"Very nice art and gameplay! The stories for each character are brilliant, highly reccomend if you like street fighter esque games."
,Recommended,245170,29070533,Posted: 6 January,all,Jarxo,Fetish Finder The Game.
,Recommended,245170,22696544,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Brizzly,"""I always tell Valentie where it hurts. Because Valentine is bae"""
,Recommended,245170,22843756,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Cursed939,"As someone who hasn't played many fighting games, the tutorial for this game is fantastic for getting started in the genre. On top of that, the characters all have their own quirky artsyles, abilities and storylines. Would definitely recommend to newcomers like me, providing you have a controller handy."
,Recommended,245170,22963213,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Master Of Anime,big band.10/10
,Recommended,245170,23012004,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Jeswin Gwintor,flyin tiddies and great fighting...more importantly the tiddies but yeah the gameplay is smooth and fun and theres a bunch of 10/10 humor
76561198059697244,Recommended,245170,23092432,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Blueman8305,"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Did i mention yes? Yes. Skullgirls is a wonderfull fighting game every fighting game fan worth there salt should own, and play. Smooth control's, Amazingly stylistic hand-drawn graphics, and some of the best female characters in gaming. Period.I cant reccomend this one enough. If your looking for a fighting game, this is the one to buy."
76561198176088654,Recommended,245170,23250820,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Gigathor,"I'll start with the grade because it's something pretty visual and straightforward: 8,5/10, and I can see myself changing it for a 9.Okay, so it's a 2D scroll fighting game, classical. It's a well crafted one that has really cool characters and lots, lots of hours of fun. Hell, I've played around 25 hours and I feel like I'm just getting started. I could write a big♥♥♥♥♥review but instead of that I'll just make an extense pros/cons list because I find they're really self-explanative.OKAY THIS MIGHT BE WEIRD BUT I'M GONNA START WITH THE CONS. I know it's weird but people tend to read the pros first and then get themselves falling into some negativity towards the game because the last they read were the bad aspects of it. So here we go!CONS-The character roster is a bit short, you'll feel like you need more fighters. But in any case you have Cerebella so you don't really need anything else.-It can actually get pretty hard, specially on PVP matchups. This isn't bad at all (at least for me, I like challenging games), but don't expect this game to be a happy ride.-5 of its characters are DLC, and one of them is Eliza. You'll recognize her when you see ehr because she's so cool.-There's only 2 men on the roster (the game is called Skullgirls but you still kinda feel like you'd like more dudes). One of them is Big Band though, so it's okay. Seriously, I need to learn how to play him.-Lack of modes. This is actually a bit of a problem, you can basically play story mode (and most of them are not exactly deep), vs AI, Survival (or something like that, I think it has another name) and online PVP. There's this crazy one-fight gamemode somewhere in the game but honestly it'll take you soooo many horus to be able to beat it.-You can't stop staring at Cerebella's puffs.PROS-The characters are overall so, sooooo cool *cough* Cerebella *cough*.-It's a fighting game filled with hot chicks... and Big Band.-The DLC's cost 0,99 on sales and the game itself gets its prize really reduced during them as well (although I consider it's worth it's prize).-It has a SHEER amount of possible attacks and mooves. Seriously, there's a lot, imagine the combos.-Cerebella.-Challenging. I love when a game makes me look like a total noob even when fighting against the IA. The different mooves are sometiimes so hard to pull out, but oh man the satisfaction when you do it.-Fun. Like, hella fun.-Basically anybody can play it just by adjusting game difficulty.-Cerebella's hat.-The music is pretty cool.-You'll love the art style.-Stories, although short, are cool because they show the relationship between characters (the only way there was to make Cerebella even better was to make her have this hate-like relationship with Eliza).-There's A LOT of color pallete changes for ALL characters. A seriously big amount of them.-Cerebella.Alright, I hope this was helpful, boys. Now go buy the game, get the DLC characters, pick Cerebella and enjoy!"
,Recommended,245170,23259401,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,King Slimload,"It's both a fighting game, and a waifu simulator.What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,245170,23260166,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NYNzrin,"WIth the 2nd Encore addon  available, I fell in love with this game all over again just like the first time I played it.Fluid controls.Beautiful animated sprites.Boobies.A very decent netplay.More boobies.Hit detection is pretty accurate.Beowulf and Big Band, best two male characters.Fully voiced story mode for 2nd Encore.Eliza has Dio from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure color palette.Fukua is best for button mashing.and finally...Nice soundtracks.Also boobies.Of course I recommend this game. >w>"
76561198102680101,Recommended,245170,23288068,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,RyoKa ツ (っ＾▿＾)💨,Since I've played this game...I'm now into 2D Fighting game platform...nice story and characters...an awesome game to play and hoping to get more updates in the future
76561198097547268,Recommended,245170,23328713,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Shimapanzer,Here we go!!
,Recommended,245170,23369569,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MistaMushoo,SkullgirlsA.K.A. Is it normal for me to have an erection AND be this bad at video games?Absolutely.Get this game and get good at beating the story mode with all the characters and then get hit with the depressing reality that everyone else online is far better at mashing in combos than you ever will be with your silly little keyboard.Or just don't I mean that's up to you buddy I can't control your life.But I can tell you that it's like having softcore R34 on your desktop and if that's not dope enough for you then you can get the hell out of here.
76561198209506147,Recommended,245170,33216532,Posted: 3 July,all,Troligy,yes
,Recommended,245170,24931083,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Naofumi,I like fighters. Do you like fighters? If you do this isn't bad. Especially if you LIKE THICCCCCCCCC
76561198256547859,Recommended,245170,34228986,Posted: 13 August,all,High Quality Tentacle Pr0n,grills are cute
,Recommended,245170,20209717,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pixel Zed,"So much jiggle. Also, Male characters in a females-only-allowed-in-the-plot makes me just love how they didn't think this ahead at all."
76561198178567059,Recommended,245170,23254097,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,P I G E O N   M A Y O,I have a waifu.You have a waifu.My waifu is better than your waifu.Don't believe me?Fite me.
76561198278426816,Recommended,245170,23352690,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,FlawlessD4C,"Skullgirls is an amazing indie fighting game. It is rather simplistic compared to other fighting titles like Guilty Gear, however the game is incredibly fun none the less. The character designs are top notch and the art direction is incredible. It works as a perfect introduction for fighting game beginners and a nice treat for fighting veterans, the characters feel like they have weight to them so the game never feels to floaty, and the impacts have feeling. Overall fantastic fighting game."
76561198144641375,Recommended,245170,23213697,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Below Zero,"It's a good fighting game... if I had a controller. Standard laptop keyboard is rather unforgiving. Fun characters each unique in their own way, multiple stories that beg for followups in a sequel game, tight mechanics I can't even hope to truly master, and that jazzy, snazzy music to back it all up."
,Recommended,245170,17253923,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Robophobic Remarks,"Este juego dejo de ser SkullGIRLS despues de Big Band, osea, que carajo? En fin, esto va a ser corto, pelea de gatitas, elijan a la enfermera siempre. GG IZI 10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,245170,18254627,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Thak,I pause to take a peek at some pantsu.
76561198303923299,Recommended,245170,26331524,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Copu,Beauty itself
76561198004433561,Recommended,245170,15807662,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TheWashableBomb,"Awesome game.Fast. Full of large, fancy combos. Full of neat super moves. Full of large, fancy super combo neat moves.Online multiplayer is extremely hard (not really a con). Great online response (GGPO system makes even laggy connection playable). Just don't pick up the game and think you can even touch some of the veteran online players. They will literally bounce you around like a ball. It's fun to watch, though!"
,Recommended,245170,10331076,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Raniyama,am still saving up for this game... hope it gone sale soon...Love the playstyle... its ossssuummm...!!!!
76561198043004706,Recommended,245170,18619097,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Alx,"This game is simply amazing, the characters are very well designed and its physics are great.The only problem i found there are the bots. I mean, they're so easy to beat(even on the nightmare difficult!).Still, this game is one of the best things you could spend your money on. Recommended!"
,Recommended,245170,29271181,Posted: 15 January,all,bizzychoco,"I really love this game. To the point where I have three copies of the game (PC, Vita, PS4). It's not even my main fighting game, but I would call it my favourite. It doesn't have the biggest community, yet I can find people at my skill and have lots of fun. It's a fighting game made by an independent studio, yet it they handle the game well and have good relations with their players, while big name developers (Capcom especially) neglect their players and not fixing their mistakes despite how glaring they are. This is because Skullgirls is a game made for the community, by members of the community.While I could go on about its great art, music, lore and havingTHE BEST TUTORIAL IN FIGHTING GAME HISTORY, the gameplay is what should be highlighted. It feels extremely fast and fluid, rewarding long combos and team synergy similar to MvC2. Landing that sweet, long combo you've been practising in training is a great feeling, one that should be sought after when playing this game. The community, while small, still has a good range of skill levels. And while you may think that online is godlike since players can KO you after two long combos, they actually aren't as good as you think and are closer to your level.To finish up, Skullgirls is one of the best fighting games of the generation but never got its chance to really take off. If you are someone who wants to get into fighting games for a relatively cheap price, you should get this game. The tutorial really holds your hand tight and the SG community is full of very helpful people, willing to grow the scene. Skullgirls really had a lot of hard work put into it and it really shows off. This is a must, even for casuals."
,Recommended,245170,29530304,Posted: 27 January,all,Derp.Ink,Best game.... this is the greatest games I've played in 2017... pretty cool
76561198112828209,Recommended,245170,14565667,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,3much,A fighting game with chicks instead of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it sucks clearly dont buy or bother.
,Recommended,245170,24507835,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Linguini Bros | Hoss Delgado,"If you like marvel games, anime FGs, or funbags then this is the game for youThe absolute best online experience in a fighting game, and just a really deep game in general"
,Recommended,245170,20320324,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,🗾,i suck at fighting games so i automatically suck at skullgirls.
,Recommended,245170,32196864,Posted: 5 June,all,Daiko,GG
,Recommended,245170,16250979,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Gil,"Good fighting game, plus, it's got the boobs and the butts. What else could you want?"
,Recommended,245170,9875603,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Spookimus,you hit and its good
,Recommended,245170,26407129,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,bigbear007,"I cannot express how deeply I love this game. At it's surface it seemed ""Two dimensional"" but after over 20 hours of gameplay (On pc) I am here to tell you that it 100% worth it.  If you are a fan of fighting games you will love this game! And if you are a Newcome to the genre, it has enough options to help you hone your fighting prowess with some of the best well writen explaining EVERYTHING you need to know without completely oerwhelming you. The only negative feed back that I have to give is that the game was not bundled at one price. But hey got to keep food on the table I guess lol. Anyway if your still reading just buy the damn game already."
76561198159001508,Recommended,245170,26347858,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Muto3,"Waifu fighter now with 2 husbandos for the ladies! 10/10 best fighting game I have played in a long time.(seriously though this is a really good fighting game, buy it and play it!)"
76561198142463785,Recommended,245170,26350708,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Jerry Rigged,"The attention to detail in this fighting game is leagues beyond anything else on the market. I personally can't stand anime type games (just because of my personal taste in asthetics) but Skull Girls is just too well made of a game to deny. After playing SFV for 6 months and then playing this, it's almost a joke to compare the two. SG made me realize how much I love (and need) instant response in a fighting game. It really makes you feel one with the character. I wonder how much (if any) input delay there is in SG. Anyways, great job to the developers of SG and hope they make more fighting games!"
76561198273197126,Recommended,245170,26425872,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jako,"This Game Is not for people that cant control they're hand-eye coordination like you'll suffer if you dont have good memorization tactics the fact that there is no ""official"" moves list when you come up with your own combos you feel acomppishment the game is quite challenging and the A.I can leave you baffled even on sleepwalk difficulty"
,Recommended,245170,28164685,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,hokabi,"just incredible, this is one of real fighting game, with an excellent list of characters and excellent soundtrack, you should play this game instead of waste your money with street fighter"
,Recommended,245170,27768116,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bzarlu,Play it for the boobs.Play it for the button mashing.Play it because it's Mortal Kombat for those lonely Saturday nights.Play it.
,Recommended,245170,23039221,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kobo,Literally the only fighting game I'm kinda decent at.
,Recommended,245170,17011372,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SurpriseGmg,"Think you're better than everyone? Go play online, it will really make you feel like crap.Other than that, this is a wonderful game, and unlike what others say, the controls arent the most confusing, but menu choice is. Why can't they just have ""press a to contunue""? Not: Low kick to start. That's one of my only complaints about this game, and I suggest you get it."
,Recommended,245170,21157622,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Tasty Tuna For Fortuna,"Steam did not allow me to buy this for 2,79 during two last hours of sale...Volvo eff you."
,Recommended,245170,33032794,Posted: 30 June,all,WELCOME TO SUPER SMASH BROS,it is fun
76561198389647405,Recommended,245170,33061473,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr.Bidoof,Perfect game
,Recommended,245170,33063392,Posted: 30 June,all,//Joombie🍓 [イチゴ],Love this game! <3
,Recommended,245170,18049833,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,{Pk} Sai Shinki~,"It's Mavhel but balenced.Oh yeah, and it has t i t s and pantyshots,  so this is my favorite game ever."
,Recommended,245170,35229436,Posted: 26 September,all,✪SπdrRr,"Itz a gud gaemlol but seriously, its really fun, runs on most potatoes, graphics are clean and dat BOOTY ;)Was playing with keyboard, and I recommend using a controller(unless you have anti ghosting on like 10 keys.also, HOW THE HELL DO YOU PAUSE THE DANG GAME ON A KEYBOARDoverall gud gaem plez bai dis when on 5413Im not sure if it is worth 28 bucks(with the upgrade) but if the game and upgrade total was like 20 bucks, I really would recommend spending that 20 bucks on this game.also plz answer me queztionEdit: oh wait wat its enter??? now it decides to work???"
,Recommended,245170,2876247,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Radish Farm,"Pretty fun, best with game pad or controller."
,Recommended,245170,9208741,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Dio,i can't afford the 2nd encore
,Recommended,245170,13600719,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Poloski,"Pantsu.Waifus.Boobs.The best 3 things in the world.In a fighting game.10/10 Breast fighting game out there.Despite the jokes, it has a lot of well-done animations, swift combosand more pantsu."
,Recommended,245170,16140083,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Nighthawk,anime girls fighting: the videogame11/10
,Recommended,245170,16840375,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Acro,"Like Marvel vs. Capcom, but not as good; however, it does have boobs and all...which is okay."
76561198035616350,Recommended,245170,21662724,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Vampire Prince,"Good game, Epic combo system, really good game that reminds me of my childhood fighting games, but has 1 epic game FLAW that is making it loose its TOUCH in every way:Grappler Champs, Beowulf, who can combo unbreakable attacks and get away with it, calling it SKILL/PLAY(cerebella also, but she is not that annoying)Biggest problem is every1 plays thoose 2 on ranked, and gets away with heavy unbreakable attacks, then channels them into unblockable grapple , and in beowulfs case, ANOTHER ground grapple = pure retardation and waste of an epic could be game"
,Recommended,245170,16259996,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Above,Great artbook. Here's hoping they'll make a game with it in the future.
,Recommended,245170,17687168,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Shinsticky (kiss me),its fun but the controls are weird
,Recommended,245170,32990279,Posted: 29 June,all,Brkn,Best Waifu
,Recommended,245170,14153019,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,NemuiDesu,one of the best gameplay i had in a whileworth every pennt spent
76561198071698217,Recommended,245170,30512125,Posted: 14 March,all,Lyle,"skullgirls 2nd encore is one of the best fighting games ever. i swear this has a mix of marvel vs capcom, street fighter, and a little bit of mortal kombat all in one game. i highly recommend this game to fighting game fans."
76561198152102249,Recommended,245170,30179286,Posted: 25 February,all,blake,"It's like street fighter, but with teens with huge♥♥♥♥♥♥The FBI is at my door nowGreat Game."
,Recommended,245170,33361444,Posted: 7 July,all,BabyCola | Larper | ERPR | fake,Sexy girls and also spamming buttons. Two for the price of one.
,Recommended,245170,33412934,Posted: 9 July,all,Tixerp | noyl-comic.tumblr.com,"cant really ever improve online, since its filled with pros who will wipe the floor with you, and not give a chance to try. but its still pretty fun, especially if you CAN improve. and a lot of the characters are really cute, so that keeps me going too"
,Recommended,245170,34320146,Posted: 17 August,all,Dagamortal,*robot noises*
,Recommended,245170,26772295,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kykal 阿乱,THIS IS THE FANSERVICE AWARD!!
,Recommended,245170,26870352,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Accelerator,"After 40+ hours and the new Jap VA coming soon, I'll be replaying the F@N out of it :D"
76561198202394542,Recommended,245170,26880094,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carp,its fun
,Recommended,245170,29619247,Posted: 31 January,all,Piss Nest,"Skullgirls has nice art and fun characters. The netplay is populated and works well, but it's a little anemic on single player content. This is one of those marvel style memorize long combo and repeat style games and I'm not a huge fan. The game could also really use a mechanic akin to guilty gear's burst or blazblue's breaker that the player has real agency over; the drama meter and IPS in skullgirls aren't very useful or versatile and can end up leaving you even more exposed than you were. I think the whole combo meter deal is just kind of a lazy bandaid on bad game design. Why not just design characters that, y'know, don't have infinite combo chains instead of putting a meter and IPS in to prevent them?The game is still pretty fun though and a great little bite sized fighting game for what it costs you."
,Recommended,245170,31315404,Posted: 23 April,all,๖ۣۜNetunø,11/10 nice boobs
,Recommended,245170,32009911,Posted: 27 May,all,ManchezV.2,FANTASTIC! I mean the porn of this made by Zone BUT STILL ITS A GOOD GAME!
,Recommended,245170,33246222,Posted: 4 July,all,How Many?,Peacock is the definition of perfection.
76561198341083556,Recommended,245170,33505686,Posted: 13 July,all,I need healing,the game is actually okay after you found out how to change everything but i still don´t know all move like your super special move how to activate that?
76561198070829734,Recommended,245170,33789071,Posted: 25 July,all,T-elos,"""Mom, I'm playing a video game..."""
76561198314955103,Recommended,245170,33925795,Posted: 31 July,all,Knibblez,if you like marvel vs capcom with♥♥♥♥♥♥ then this game is for u.Squigly is best girl.
,Recommended,245170,31264534,Posted: 20 April,all,Marlyjade,"I LOOOOOVE THIS GAME! Honestly if you are a fan of old fashioned combo-style fighting games and jap-animation, This game is just right. I will admit that it does take a while to learn. And I don't recomend this for people who only use a keyboard as it will just be a button mashing fest for you.The character choices, however, are great! I love the liabrary they give you when you first start. Not to mention the fact that the DLC is not badly priced AND you can try them for free on the beta that comes with it. The appearaces and animation is fluid and overall fantastic and the art style is beautiful.  I also love how each character is pretty much different in playing style, IE how quickly they attack and how they do so. Their stories are decently written too, and the stage backgrounds are very detailed and great to look at.If you love artwork and some variety in your playing list. This game is perfect."
76561198130447180,Recommended,245170,32866252,Posted: 27 June,all,Knockles,Boobs.Cerebella best girl
,Recommended,245170,33315736,Posted: 6 July,all,Megumin,"Hey Boy & Girls~ : Skullgirls is a good game (not the best but still...) There is not a lot of bug (I never see one...) Play the game easy and the game cost 9,99$ so it's not very expansive (Not like Street Fighter or Tekken 7) I see only one point who is negative : Some character are litterally OP Like ""Big Gang""or the other with a crocodile suit and the chair (I do'nt know if it's me but I thinks)"
,Recommended,245170,33536535,Posted: 14 July,all,Graytay123,"Played with a keyboardTerrible choice, I must say.Don't make my mistake."
76561198166729739,Recommended,245170,34119720,Posted: 9 August,all,ZA WARUDOOO STANDOO !!!!!!!!!,"if you missed darkstalkers or marvel vs capcom 2 well you gonna love skull girlsits one of those games easy to play and hard to master and not only you can play 1v1 , you could play 2v2 3v3i just love this game but my problem is its has a small roster of characters its not bad but i really want to play other characters in skull girls universe ,I just hope they make more characters in the future"
,Recommended,245170,34489466,Posted: 25 August,all,fare67t,"An amazing fighting game, probably the only one besides Tekken Tag 1 on Ps2 that I have finished / Unlocked mostly everythingstill haven't beaten that hidden super-tier version of Marie with Squigly yet...if that's even still in the game x3However overall, I wish there was atleast like ONE more DLC character.Somethin like a wierdo from Lab Zero or somethin, idk~Anyway, still an amazing game."
76561198130284480,Recommended,245170,34065018,Posted: 6 August,all,Calum,"I remember seeing this WAY BACK WHEN.I was under the impression that this was a really well executed fighting game.I didn't feel like this was the case when I played it.I liked the art decor, just disliked the fighting.I'm sure to fighting fans this is a great game, but if you're used to Tekken or DoA, then this is not like that."
76561198280191515,Recommended,245170,34301131,Posted: 16 August,all,xXDarkgamerXx,"Its a pretty fun fighting game. Im not really into fighting games but this game has a lot of... ""work"" put into it..."
,Recommended,245170,26529719,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Orbital_shenanigans,"I beat my♥♥♥♥♥♥so God damn hard, i can no longer feel my left leg"
76561198127267139,Recommended,245170,26721884,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Tensen,"Nice game , cool graphics , different story for every char , make more free chars :D"
76561198202067753,Recommended,245170,29815046,Posted: 9 February,all,murkeyquotient32,This game is like one of the best fighters out there and its got waifu's!If your a fan of fighting games and waifus i guess then pick this game up.It's easy to pick up yet hard to master.Juts.UGGH this game is so damm good!Pick it up NOOOWWW!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,29862679,Posted: 11 February,all,Jeanne Ran,SECOND AMENDMENT
,Recommended,245170,30362401,Posted: 6 March,all,xbox 1 million,"I'm absolutely terrible at fighting games, but I've always highly-adored the game's art style ever since I bought the first version on PS3 a few years back. Back then I bought it because of Valentine idk. Best grilll :)"
,Recommended,245170,30644648,Posted: 20 March,all,/r/Salty|SFP|Floral,"i didnt play much of this but i found it to be overly difficult to pick up (coming off of various SF games and Marvel 2) and the trials were of a very poor qualityit was fun when i did play against a fellow scrub though (which was very rare, overall not fair matchmaking)overall i wouldnt buy this, and this would be neutral if I could have it be that, but until then i give it a yes if you get it on sale"
,Recommended,245170,30908887,Posted: 2 April,all,Noire Ultima,"This game is an interesting one for meIt's good it's fast paced, the presentation art and everything is amazing, as well as having one of the best fighting game tutorials around, it's faster then melee and my god I want to love this game... but I can't due to one fatal and glaring flaw to me.The controls. Not that they're bad persay but on a controller you may not have a fun time without a fightstick or fight pad. It's not nescessary by any means but I was using a dualshock 4 and I found it incredibly difficult to play this game though friends of mine haven't had the same issues in the past using 360/one game pads.TLDR Buy this game if you have a fight stick avoid it if you don't"
,Recommended,245170,30909470,Posted: 2 April,all,Loatheb,If you like boobs then you should buy it
,Recommended,245170,30932740,Posted: 3 April,all,boss of the gym,"hot girls, pretty good controls, and Valentine, that's pretty much all I really have to say about this game"
76561198231704364,Recommended,245170,31264700,Posted: 20 April,all,OnePunchAqua,fun game
76561198091886967,Recommended,245170,31594952,Posted: 6 May,all,bambuzzle,thinking bout thos girls
76561198039913549,Recommended,245170,31865854,Posted: 20 May,all,ripley997,"it was fun as far as old-school STREET FIGHTER action but i would have liked to see some Bonus Round cntent. Plus overemphasizing T&A in the game can get old after the 3rd or 4th playthrough. Overall, I give this game a 6/10...buy at your own discretion fellow gamers."
,Recommended,245170,32479385,Posted: 16 June,all,Its Joke,"Is a good game, I saw the ♥♥♥♥♥♥sDaisuke Ono 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,32827914,Posted: 26 June,all,Kuromori,"if you want to suffer, play this game. it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with combos, and you can barely win unless you either cheat, slow down the game, or button mash."
,Recommended,245170,32884136,Posted: 27 June,all,Nythless,fighting and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.10/10actually you can make pretty good combos its so gud
,Recommended,245170,32891345,Posted: 27 June,all,Pedofelia Brown,"Bought it first because I thought it was a lewd dating sim, traded it back because it's not, realized I was addicted to the gameplay and bought it again. I feel bad for making them refund it."
76561198201849766,Recommended,245170,33047918,Posted: 30 June,all,♥ Littlest Ladybug ♥,Similar to street fighter controlls but on a keyboard. Very fun game to play with a friend and the story is interesting enoughMy only issue is dlc characters being OP but thats the same with many games and doesnt signifigantly affect the game for me.
76561198175533666,Recommended,245170,33101829,Posted: 1 July,all,JusticeForFuta,"Perfect art style, gameplay, and I can beat my♥♥♥♥♥♥to most of these characters. Quite simply, a masterpiece."
,Recommended,245170,34042300,Posted: 5 August,all,Dramund,Fake news can't save failing Street Fighter from competing with this tremendous game! Sad!
,Recommended,245170,34096583,Posted: 7 August,all,Zenith2P,"Good game, but don't try to actually play it. The community has long since left new players behind."
,Recommended,245170,26863079,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B O N E L E S S,COMBO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T
76561198184858579,Recommended,245170,29912547,Posted: 13 February,all,Bad Weather Gamer,"Ok, can someone help me? Why is story mode the same as arcade mode?"
76561198179410059,Recommended,245170,35401142,Posted: 1 October,all,Your Trap Waifu,nice
,Recommended,245170,35433471,Posted: 2 October,all,EKKO,Bootylicious
76561198115265753,Recommended,245170,35483669,Posted: 4 October,all,Needsmoreice,veri nice wamens
,Recommended,245170,31255733,Posted: 20 April,all,Sax-O-Phone,"Great Story,Great Animation,Great Names,Great Characters,Great GAME!!!This Game Is Similar to Tekken,Street Fighter,Mortal Kombat,etc.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,31557529,Posted: 5 May,all,MrHorrorLover,I love this game it even works on my really bad acerand PLEASE ADD ANNIE PLEASE.
,Recommended,245170,32303900,Posted: 9 June,all,Yokiba,I love getting throwed around like a ragdoll in pvp.
76561198244027414,Recommended,245170,32743871,Posted: 24 June,all,MatrixToad,"Skull Girls is a very easy to pick up 2D ighter game, and is overall a great game.Some issues I have run into however is the matchmaking system.I am new to the game and wanted to play online but the opponents i faced were highly skilled.It can be very hard to win a match, but the game makes up for it by giving you a indepth tutorial on using a character to it's fullest potential.I was very surprised to see how each character was able to fill a certain roll in a crtain situation.The story mode is also what makes this game great.There are many parallels you can make between charcters which makes you question more and more about who they actually are.The graphics are also stunning and are very clean and smooth and can play on a low end computer fine.overall the game tells an in depth story and makes you really feel for the charcters and makes you want to punch the oppenent even more knowing what they've been through."
76561198282764599,Recommended,245170,33016742,Posted: 29 June,all,Spooky Fish,There are many waifu battle simulators out there but this one has to be the best.
76561198070850154,Recommended,245170,33202093,Posted: 3 July,all,chezzy,Pretty Good Game!You can play a giant dude the is a one man band and play the trumpet so thats pretty coolalso alot of boobs... alot of boooobs.
76561198133159695,Recommended,245170,33545048,Posted: 14 July,all,absolver the cweepee stawker,"so this is my review so i willl cut the crap and get to it. skullgirls is fun, it can be played with friends for some wonderful times, the story is alright. It's like the shallow end in a pool, not too deep but enough to swim around. The Multiplayer is very one sided, whoever gets the first combo starter is suddenly at a huge advantage while the other player watches as 20-40% of their health gets drained. then again i dont have many hours on this game.overall i think skullgirls is very worth it7/10 if the multiplayer was fixed and the story was a bit deeper id give it a ten."
,Recommended,245170,34385217,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. Diggledoo,haven't had this good a jack session since the drought of '06
,Recommended,245170,29413527,Posted: 21 January,all,Fat Angry New Yorker,Big Band is an overpowered piece of garbage. This game is okay though. Gets me really mad when I'm not doing good.
76561198081362146,Recommended,245170,33664853,Posted: 19 July,all,Hobbit 2:  Smeagol's returned,"*gets reckt online* ""Guess i'll die"
76561198167931285,Recommended,245170,34045784,Posted: 5 August,all,Kyle,"highly recommended 2d fighterskull girls is a 2d fighter somewhat similar to street fighter, if you enjoy games like that skull girls is for you! perhaps it does not control as well as street fighter but it is still a great game!first off the graphics are great! the animation is fluid and the art style is great, almost anime like, and yes it has plenty of fan service if thats your thingAs for the controls I'm no fighting game expert but they certainly felt smooth and responsive, the opponent never felt to difficult in single player and the difficulty curve felt about right throughout the gamespeaking of the single player mode the story is really weak, the ending always left me feeling unsatisfiedif your into multiplayer games I wouldn't go with this game, at times it is difficult to find another player online, and when you do find another player they will often be much better than you, sadly this game like many other fighting games combos can be exploited to back you into a wall and stop you from moving anywhere, this game would be much better with a matchmaking system to get you into a fight with someone at your skill leveloverall if your a fan of 2d fighters or just on the fence as to whether or not to get this game I recommend it"
76561198053909706,Recommended,245170,26880267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Foudre.D.G skinhub.com,"Waifu fight simulator.-11/10, would waifu again."
,Recommended,245170,30394944,Posted: 8 March,all,AEVNB,♥♥♥♥ BIG BAND
76561198051027165,Recommended,245170,24104385,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[FL]Fatso on the run™,"When playing Skullgirls, you are given a choice:You either git gud or get rekt.I chose to git gud.What do you choose?"
,Recommended,245170,24296370,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Railânder,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)I ""love"" the characters of this game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）"
,Recommended,245170,1865846,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,PirateGuy,"speedy fightan' action with a fun, sharp artstyle and jazzy 30s/40s themehowever, the netcode is sadly prone to disconnects and desyncs, and the roster is a bit small (for now)at the end of the day, I'd say it's worth the $15, but you might want to wait for some of the bugs to get worked out"
,Recommended,245170,24009443,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zylo,I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear
,Recommended,245170,22856879,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ｈｕｓｈ．,i lost friends playing this game.
,Recommended,245170,12416583,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Donny Digital *buying a pc soon*,I beat my♥♥♥♥♥♥off to this game everytime i play it.
76561198044846912,Recommended,245170,23817696,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MystZER0,BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT!
,Recommended,245170,8053790,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ScHoolboy F,What's that? You trying to bust out infinites in Mike Z's house? I'll kill ya...
,Recommended,245170,10678516,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,aff,cool game if ur not a scrub
,Recommended,245170,24359538,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Joker,"Nearly every single woman in this game has boob physics and they wobble around every time you do ♥♥♥♥ing anything it's pretty good, I like watching them bounce as I brutally beat them to death with a folding chair"
,Recommended,245170,838643,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Lewd rabbit,I draw futa yuri doujins of this game now~
,Recommended,245170,11483015,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zagran,It's a fighting game !
,Recommended,245170,9772681,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,im gay,Ms. Fortune is my waifu <3. Enough said.
76561198175935182,Recommended,245170,23841608,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,420_Tekken_HARADA_6969,"I swear I didn't buy this game just for Filia's thighs......I did it for Valentine's funbags, too"
,Recommended,245170,11490268,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,MOCNIEJSZY,"Fighting Boobs and monsters with boobs and boobs with monsters. Also boobs. 10/10, GOTY!"
,Recommended,245170,11130730,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Critikal Miss,GET ♥♥♥♥IN HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,28123053,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Eric,"I like the game so much. Lots of replay values.Just one side comment, they should've added more characters to be honest :/The game feels slightly incomplete.And I don't understand a single thing for story mode unless you search it up online.But none the less, was really fun!"
,Not Recommended,245170,29369514,Posted: 19 January,all,Кнабструппер,One of the worst combat systems I've seen in a fighting game and the art style is atrocious.
,Recommended,245170,23808041,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tynshen ♠,I bought this game for boobI wasn't dissapointed
76561198106320963,Recommended,245170,24032822,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AngryLittleSisters,"Pretty good, i love it. 10/10 too many cute girls."
,Recommended,245170,21838145,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Major SURGERY,"Stone cold, and Red hot"
76561198080704308,Recommended,245170,30824982,Posted: 29 March,all,going back to the past,a bool game not a bool as me tho
,Recommended,245170,33016518,Posted: 29 June,all,Jeff,Good fighting game if you're a pleb that can't fight. It's cheap and fun with friends. Buy now.+rep Has anime ♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198110031203,Recommended,245170,31008756,Posted: 7 April,all,Higher Beings Love Cereal,It's good.Squigly is best girl.
,Recommended,245170,31799408,Posted: 16 May,all,Gandhi's Fist,"expected just skeletons, but instead i got a bunch of useless womynhad beowulf, and he had a chair, so i guess ok/4"
,Recommended,245170,32525640,Posted: 17 June,all,fishy-depression,The main reason why I got this was because of panty shots.
,Recommended,245170,31406531,Posted: 27 April,all,lol,tiddi
,Recommended,245170,32711428,Posted: 23 June,all,Kujo Mosuko 『 Oji 』,Hard to play with a single hand
,Recommended,245170,32395328,Posted: 13 June,all,yung bambi,Can I get a uhhhhhh respect womenRespect women  🅱achine  🅱roke
76561198079867824,Recommended,245170,14735398,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Hellsing,"I don't normally play fighting games, they're usually not my cup of tea. Waifu Wars, however, is simple to get into, with a detailed tutorial system and generally easy and reliable match-making, with the flavor of each campaign added to the mix. Even if you don't like fighting games, this is a fighting game for you.Plus plenty of panty shots.11/10 Squigly is best Waifu"
,Recommended,245170,10326894,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Gerry Signfold,"Practice with your friends and in training mode for like 40 hours.Get owned to such a degree online that you don't even TOUCH them, much less understand what is happening.Get Mad...............Play again."
,Recommended,245170,10415589,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,oh no oh no no no,"Every character is unique and has a unique moveset (even the joke clone character). The fighting is tight yet flows nicely and the game moves at what I think is the perfect speed for a fighting game. Combos can string from a multitude of attacks and if you're good enough you can win a match with just one long combo. The characters also come in ranges from keepaway zoner to rushdown to grappler and they play these roles to the extreme. This approach of ""every character is OP so nobody is OP"" makes the characters fun to play as and see what matches can come about. There are little times you can say ""if only x can do x role move"" because they usualy can. The ability to also choose from 1-3 characters in a match each with custom assists adds to the freshness every round can bring.The love and dedication that was put into Skullgirls is one of the most apparent factors when playing. Hand drawn backgrounds and hand drawn frames for each character show how much work was put into Skullgirls. Each character from concept to finalizaiton is made to be completely unique in terms of fighting style and personality so no two characters play the same. Valentine excels in movement to quickly lockdown an opponent with a series of rapid attacks while Ms. Fortune utilizes her dismembered head to trap the opponent in two sided combos where they never know where next attack will come from. All this layered over a great soundtrack A small thing to mention are the multiples quotes given for same attacks which make characters .This is getting too long so I'll just wrap it up and say yes you should get Skullgirls. No, I wil not get it for you. Unless it's on sale. But that depends.By the way there is no joke clone character. Don't look for her."
76561198077319803,Recommended,245170,7999245,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,musiciswhyimhere,Much cleavage many kills very skills wow
,Recommended,245170,8546381,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,⒩⒤⒞⒠ ⒨⒠⒨⒠,"Great game.If you ever played another fighter you will be hit with a wave of nostalgia, but also still have a feeling that there is something new...boy are you right!!!!Hand-drawn EVERYTHING, and excellent music only help the cause.10/10. Throw your money at the screen now."
76561198050809203,Recommended,245170,9865866,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,CammyChan,Good game
,Recommended,245170,7810181,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,bakaSpaceman,One of the best fighting games for a beginner. Definitely a must buy for any fighting game fan!
76561198115712896,Recommended,245170,11089140,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,felix mcscouty,cant stop wont stop
,Recommended,245170,17178650,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,EspeonKing,">Be me, new to the fighting game genre>purchase Skullgirls in the sale>""It looks fun"">months later load it up and click on single playerAllByMyself.mp3>Start up story mode>watch cut scene>expects tutorial>there was no tutorial>pause and find controls>Had no clue what the controls meant>>Quit gamegraphics - 10/10story - TBC/10controls - NA/10overall - ??/10"
,Recommended,245170,10879830,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rhinocloth,I mash buttons and things happenIt's pretty good
76561198040188061,Recommended,245170,9233621,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ShadowDelta1138,"Probably one of the best 2D fighting games on steam, this game reminds me of Marvel vs Capcom 2: New Age of Heroes because of its fast pacing and the switch-a-roo system with other characters including the combo moves, this also has a story mode which each characters have their own stories to tell similar to Street Fighter 4, graphics are animation and the backgounds look fine dandy, this is the only game that has female fighters(with the expection that 2 DLC male characters in the game that to expected to come very soon) there's not much fighters in game so i hope they put in more playable characters in the game, unfornately this game doesn't have a combo list where they combine your fighting skills more effectly so pretty much people are gonna have to remember that(but aleast it has a trainingmode...eh?)well here is my scoreGameplay 9/10Graphics 7/10Story 7/10i give this game a 7.8 out of 10"
,Recommended,245170,10070941,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,tbh - papichulo,"Skullgirls is one of the best, and most well-balanced 2D fighters available. The game features simple fighting controls which are easy to learn, but hard to master. Initially it feels asthough characters such as Filia and Peacock are OP with practice you come to realise that all characters are on a level playing field. After only 14 hours i have to recommend this game, not only for it's somewhat deep combat and well balanced characters but also for those boob physics. SHOUT OUT TO LAB ZERO!!"
,Recommended,245170,13912634,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,skullgirlsfanboy,"This is probably the most well-made fighting game ever created! My only problems are the lack of characters and the introverted community... I'm going to fix the latter, though! The game runs smoothly, and has wonderful online and a perfectly made training mode! Valentine's character model is attrocious, but the art, score, and code is amazing! Especially for the price! If you don't own this, get it. NOW!-Skullgirlsfanboy out!"
,Recommended,245170,4793097,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Flopple,"Hell of a lot of fun, I'd recommend it to anyone who has any interest in fighting games at all.I'll admit that at first I had a lot of troubles getting anything down, but through practice and persistence I have learned and am glad I stuck with it.It's only like fifteen bucks, throw your money at the screen right now and get it."
,Recommended,245170,5083428,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,FutaGnarly,"Well it's not MGQ, but it's alright."
,Recommended,245170,5362908,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,nelixery,Awesome!
,Recommended,245170,9667393,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,mailorderfan,"I'm not very good at fighting games, but I do enjoy playing this. The controls are smooth and I love the soundtrack and art."
,Recommended,245170,10178965,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Shamu's,"highly addictive, fighting game, that every man want to have"
,Recommended,245170,10364328,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,hsien-ko,"I love this game! Sure, it can get hard at times (Marie, I'm looking at you) but it's fun overall."
,Recommended,245170,10539367,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,v2.0,its gud
,Recommended,245170,7796687,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,т r α ղ c e,You know this is one of the best fighting games out there May I ask you why you don't have it ?
,Recommended,245170,9726610,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Cyanoticsenku,"Skullgirls is a high-octane fighting game that is a very run of the mill fighting game, like streetfighter or Marvel. the goal is simple: drain all of the opponents health by comboing them with many hits. This particular fighting games makes many referrences to other games and pop-culture, such as character color palettes being based off of other games, and youtube stars like Matt McMuscles and Woolie the Pie Stealer from TheSw1tcher (SuperBestFriends) being in the background. This game is a must play for fighting game fans, and thanks towww.indiego-go.comthe game continues to get funding so that the game keeps evolving. I rate this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,245170,9914048,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Merm,"Fanservice: The Game. Tight controls, nice hand-drawn visuals, and a lot of combos."
,Recommended,245170,10895094,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dirty Dan,Skullgirls is fun as heck XD
,Recommended,245170,7695473,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,GABENERD ~ gs,"Sometimes I like to go to the title select screen, hire a jazz band, order a martini, the dance."
76561198048493098,Recommended,245170,7934436,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,WILLIAM HACHE MACY'S DAY PARADE,Valentine has the biggest♥♥♥♥♥
76561198028985779,Recommended,245170,9801201,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Morten_311,This game i gorgeous. everyone who has played a fighting game should really consider giving this game a GO. and for all of those who have not played a fighting game should start with this game also because of its uniqe traning system. its traning system really goes into depth about how to play the game and that is just so beautiful. give it a go.
76561198027998020,Recommended,245170,3840203,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,brutalandy,Game good... Drugs bad.
,Recommended,245170,7580523,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Eno,So far this game has been really fun and doesn't have the usual screaching girls like some other games have. Only issue that is that if you go right away on Online versus 80% chance of getting your butt handed by somebody who parctice the most. Besides that the combos are quiet simple to understand based by the characters play style and what the player goes by.
,Recommended,245170,7685171,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,reverse lucio,Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies Boobies
,Recommended,245170,8244541,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CommyMist,"All I see is really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really hot women."
,Recommended,245170,23841662,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zerolecks,Mortal Kombat Waifu Edition10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by an african player again.
,Recommended,245170,1620063,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Shenzi,One of the best 2D Fighters ever! Get it get it get it get it.
,Recommended,245170,11081331,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rough Stone,"Skullgirls is a great fighting game with a storyline that's mysterious but easily understood as you progress the story and manages to be deeper than ""world wide fighting tournament"". The early 20th century ambience is atypical but not an unwelcome change as jazz beats and swing betray the usual grindy techno of other fighters. Not to mention the 2D art is beautiful and fluid and a refreshing change of pace from sprites and 3D models.The gameplay is accessible but with a high skill cap meaning online play can be pretty brutal but the story mode alone is worth it (not to mention playing with your more casual friends). If you're confident though online can be a fun place to be as long as you don't let the roughly 1 in 3 players that can land absurd combos bother you."
,Recommended,245170,10762302,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dakota,ok like wow wowowowowowowowow wtf the ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,10901193,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Motol,Girl in the muscle hat made a lewd face when getting punched in the cooter by a robot guy with tubas for fists10/10
,Recommended,245170,7812196,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Jabberwockxeno,"SKullgirls is a fun and challenging game with a lot of personality.The premise is simple: There's a mystic artfiact that can grant wishes, but corrupts those who use it if they are not pure of heart, and various factions fight over it.However, the game's art style and matching personalility really makes this typical plot line into a non issue. Every character has myriad influneces, from other fighting characters (Painwheel takes after voldo), to genres (peacock is a homage to early cartoons, such as Popeye and Steamboat Willie).Addittionaly, the game has a huge amount of lore and backstory present in it, There is already over 40 characters with wiki pages and in universe concepts present on the wiki, despite the game (currently) only having 9 playable characters. Speaking of the story, I have found myself feeling emotionally invested in some of the characters, despite each character's story line only being a 30 minute ordeal.As far as actual combat, I feel it's a very good fighter. I'm no expert, but I can tell it has the deep mechanics and skill required for fighting game pros, but without feeling overly intmidating or difficult for more casual players. Combos don't feel stiff with very small windows of time to add on hits, specials are simple to pull off, but despite all of this, there really is a lot of depth.I highly reccomend skullgirls for just about anyone, unless they have a passionate hatred for the genre."
,Recommended,245170,8631478,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Rokumad,SWAGG
,Recommended,245170,19177860,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Dragonbitch cuntface,There are penisbuttshis name is BeowulfDon't let him touch youotherwise 11/11also bubz
76561198079239366,Recommended,245170,16189902,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bag Anal,"Its good, but its not a bag."
,Recommended,245170,9919905,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,"Side effects may include nausea, headaches… AND DEATH!"
,Recommended,245170,7660213,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Fated Soul Blake「愛和」,"Out she comes, breasts a floppin'!"
76561198013026789,Recommended,245170,2815030,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Pi Flavored,"I originally bought this game on XBL. But... since I was getting tired of all the crap Microsoft kept shoving into their services, I just walked away from all that. So when I heard that Skullgirls was comming to Steam, my face totally lit up! This game is possibly the unconventional, conventional fighting game I've ever known, and damn is it fun! =D"
76561198106038100,Recommended,245170,19327107,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Make Paul Blart 3,FBI should be knocking at this door any min now.
,Recommended,245170,10164550,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Karty,"Skullgirls is probably the best 2d fighting game.I love the characters, love the indie feel.LOVE LOVE LOVE The hand drawn art.This is a great game.Everyone should have it.Does need a controller though, or else you cant really proc moves, since you cant do a semi-circle with your keyboard.still buy this game though.so good.so fun."
,Recommended,245170,19774833,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,touka,You can play as all the Magical Girls. including best grill YEEEE/10
76561198220253127,Recommended,245170,25391928,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,O R I K U S U,I know this game from a porn flashgame
,Recommended,245170,33216873,Posted: 3 July,all,Venus,Just really fun in general
,Recommended,245170,9741732,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,The Fonz,http://imgur.com/gallery/ZDmrs19
,Recommended,245170,2043334,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,MightyHonk,"Lack of toki wo tomare and steamrollers, but it gave me a hard on"
,Recommended,245170,8769099,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Zintix,"Been waiting a while for this to transfer on to PC, game is solid, as an indie fighting game this game has done exceedingly well, pardon the spelling.. I think.. . Defo something you can pick up and get stuck in"
,Recommended,245170,18785968,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Mason1,I'm a weeaboo
,Recommended,245170,18706538,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,conner360,A fighting game? check.♥♥♥♥♥♥s? check.Fighting game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥s? check check check.Great game though. 10/10 would finish campaign again :D
,Recommended,245170,18751701,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,CaptainFinnigan,lolololol big♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,15298528,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Space Dandy,Best game drawn by a porn artist and can still be talked about in public10/10
76561197995330276,Recommended,245170,11468665,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Ichi,fighting game for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....blazblue anyone?
,Recommended,245170,9912166,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,sofakissen,"A great modern take on oldschool beat 'em ups mechanics with a detailed cartoon style and lots of unique characters. The game is pretty compelx at first, but so is the extensive tutorial. Thanks to good balance and funny special attacks it's especially fun in local multiplayer"
76561198007977062,Recommended,245170,18808175,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Blargle Wargle,"Yeah, it's okay."
,Recommended,245170,10465391,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,|TB-Side|Haykath,"Awesome 2D fighting game! Kinda difficult to find one at all nowadays. Also, really nice to play online or at home with some friends =D"
76561198031615465,Recommended,245170,22346740,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Tytanyx,"Really fun fighting game that is easy to get into and learn the mechanics. Art is great and if you have friends and some extra controllers, you'll have a great time. Unfortunately the online mode is not balanced at all and after playinga few matches I've quit online completely. You'll most likely match up with some pro who won't let you land a single hit on them and use infinite combos. So with the exception of an unbalanced online mode, I would have to recommend this game to anyone who wants to get into fighting games."
76561198141843747,Recommended,245170,22803905,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Nova,There's so many waifus. Best game. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,22874654,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Dan from Danbo,"If you're looking for a very solid and asthetically appealing fighter game, this is it. Not only that, no no, the music and characters are absolutely beautiful. I own the entire soundtrack and gladly listen to it all day and sing along to ""In a Moment's Time"".This game is just downright gorgeous, it is a diamond among the gem of games out there.Every character has their own story, their own charms and vices. The music is fast paced and desperate to fit a tenacious fight or a some nice beats with jazz to fit a brawl.Now, as for the community. There is hardly ever any lobbies out there. And if and when you do find lobbies to play in with other folks, most of the time it is people who poured COUNTLESS HOURS into this game. And they will whoop your♥♥♥♥♥without even letting you make a single move. But some times you will find a nice lobby with beginners to intermediates!! And a lot of the folk that still play this game are very kind and will even help you out by training and sparring with you. If anything, get a friend to play with you because you will definitely enjoy it.Q: Do you need to play this game?A: Hell yes.Oh and, the gals in this game are absolute babes."
76561198085662770,Recommended,245170,23327949,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Kembly2,"All games have room for improvement, Skullgirls is no exeption. Otherwise its a fair 2-d fifhting game."
,Recommended,245170,24098638,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TSF | Goat,One of the best fighters I've ever played. I cannot recommend this enough to fans of input or anime styled fighters.10/10.
76561197966074757,Recommended,245170,24098734,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Alvin..I think,"Plays like Capcom's Darkstalkers. Good for short breaks of button mashing,"
,Recommended,245170,24125163,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SkreamnRedSkull,"What's your favorite fighting game? Is it Skullgirls? If it's not, that it  can ♥♥♥♥ OFF the edge of my♥♥♥♥♥♥then. Cuz Skullgirls is the hypest♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't like the bands you like! SKUUUULLGIIILLLSSS!"
76561198103939658,Recommended,245170,23970423,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,J K T,Worth the carpal tunnel.
,Recommended,245170,10001039,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Zastavan,"This is a really pleasant fighting game. From the art style to the moves and controls. But unfortunately its missing depth and features that you only begin to notice the deeper you go. Its like playing an FPS where you can't jump or crouch, it takes some time to realize how big of an issue this really is and how much it sucks.The art style is very pleasant with my favorite character being Peacock becuase she is sooooo cute ^_^Its easy to pickup even to people who don't play much fighters and even with 6 hours in I can still lose to a guy with none in it. Now Im not very good at fighters and have never much been into them but I really like Skullgirls. Its fast paced with alot of action but getting knocked up and stuck in a combo chain is a real issue for high skill tiers and by skill I simply mean memorizing a specific order of hitting buttons to win. Which players actually do and it ruins the game. So if you want a fighting game for people that play alot of fighting games Skullgirls is not it and you should just go to KOF or SF or something like that instead of this. That said for people who don't play fighting games is what skullgirls is probably best for as it dousn't have the deepness of other games which is good for noobs but terrible for higher skill tiers as issues develop and the game becomes garbage when even the best players cant do anything when stuck in a long chain that kills them.The singleplayer is pretty underwheling with the AI not being terribly good at the game and the end boss being rather cheap atleast in what I played.  Lets say you play a boxing game and the final boss is a brick wall that throws things at you, its a♥♥♥♥♥♥bossfight I have no impetus to want to play.Multiplayer is where its at and its great especially with friends. But the problems start when you play with people that take the game competatively instead of casually. Skullgirls is a decent game but not a terribly good fighting game. I would say bordering on a bad fighting game. One of the main issues is getting stuck in knock ups or long chains of moves that can take all your health or a good bit of it while your basically defenceless. There is no combo breaking or anything that would allow a player to break out of this sort of knock up chain. Unfortunately many online players basically rely completely on this tactic to win. Which isn't good gameplay and will only make the online gameplay die more quickly.So play with friends. Don't play with randoms. On a technical note lag is often noticable and its hard to find people to play with that are close. Whatever people say about the ""great"" netcode it really isn't that great that it defies basic physics. It only works around reality. So it dousn't make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection non♥♥♥♥♥♥it only makes it seem less terrible than it is.Theres only a few characters to play but they are all well made and special from one another. The moves range in difficulty but are all pretty easy once you learn them. There isn't a terribly large number of moves either so its a pretty decent fighting game for people not really into fighting games.Its a fighting game, theres really not that much to say about it. The arts good. But after so long of playing it off and on I have come to the conclusion this game probably isn't worth more than $10 and maybe $15 if you really really like the art. There just isn't much in the way of mechanics or design, and in all its really lacking in some aspects and it really shows the more you play.In a previous review I was way to positive about the game, its best if you can play with friends who are at similiar skill levels but this game will never be on the competative level of the big boys because its to simple. Simplicity is good for casual or noob players but for people knee deep in fighting games its just to simple and lacking. The art is really good though and its very fun, but the issues really do get in the way.TL:DR Its babies first fighting game, but not something for more experienced players unless you really like the aesthetics."
,Recommended,245170,16224707,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Trefc,This is easily one of the best fighting games I've played.Music is fantasticThe gameplay is new and freshThe story is compellingI highly recommend you give it a try.
76561198000262994,Recommended,245170,9912052,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Pengowen,You should get this!  It's good! We can play it together!
,Recommended,245170,10301741,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Scraping Coltrane Off Folkfuck,"LOOK AT 'EM ♥♥♥♥♥♥S!But all joking aside, this game is the perfect gateway for people who are new to the fighting genre thanks to the incredible tutorial and how quickly can one get used to the gameplay. However, this does not mean that just anyone can pick up the gamepad/keyboard/fightstick and instantly get good like in Super Smash Bros. or Marvel VS Capcom, no.Hardcore fighting gamers are going to love how many different ""ultra-long"" combos can they come up with, even though the game gives the beaten-up opponent the option to instantly break ""endless"" combos (in context, this is when the attacker only does the same serie of combos over and over again without diversity in his or her moves). So not only does the game enthuse diverse creativity in combos, it also gives a chance to free yourself from spamming.The artwork is uncannily pretty. Not only in the character designs, but in the way they move and punch around.Each character is unique in its own way and has its own attributes (yes, even the joke ""clone"" character ""Fukua"" which was added after positive response from an April Fool gag by Lab Zero). My personal favourites are Peacock, Valentine and the DLC character Squigly.The controls are exactly what you expect from a Capcom-like fighting game: easy to get by. However, my only complaint is that if a keyboard is the only controller available to you, you are going to have a REALLY hard time executing ""full-circle"" attacks (with a gamepad, you are supposed to to a 360 rotation with the joystick).However, if you expect this game to have a great single player mode, keep in mind that while there IS a story mode, it is only worth playing to unlock some of the alternate skins for the fighters. Unlike Super Smash Bros. Brawl's Subspace Emissary which arguably was a whole different game, or Injustice's story mode which felt like watching some sort of Justice League special episode, the Skullgirls story mode is pretty weak for most of the non-DLC characters. I'm serious, the fighters with the most interesting storylines were Squigly and Big Band, which aren't even in the core game. But hey, most people buy fighting games for the Versus mode, so in the end this really isn't a major issue.The last thing I am going to tell you about isn't really about the game itself, but about the DLCs. When a new character comes out, it will be free for three months. That means if you bought the base game before or during it's free availabilty, you can still keep it afterwards! Sadly if you did not buy the base game during that time, the DLC's price will rise depending on the time passed since release. This is a tactic to enthuse people to buy the game as early as possible.To conclude, I am going to give this game a big, solid 9/10 for the amazing gameplay, the diverse character roster and the great art. Really worth the $15."
,Recommended,245170,22175086,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,a y e a h,boob fightIf you can ignore the boobs its actually an alright fighter but who am I kidding you're buying this for boobs
,Recommended,245170,25882782,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Skelepants,Skullgirls ? More like Skull ♥♥♥♥ avoid like the♥♥♥♥♥♥plague!
,Recommended,245170,11243333,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,RAMSAYS II,i dont even own this game
,Recommended,245170,10667340,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FNAkun,One of the more enjoyable fighting games I've played over the years.
76561198143721450,Recommended,245170,19333237,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,QueenGothDoll,Only bought this because it was on a sale at £2.39. Yes it has boobs and panties and 13 year old girls beating each other up but it's also very silly. Cartoon themed games aren't really my cup of tea. I would recommend this game only if its on sale. At the time of writing the regular price is £11.99 but if you're into games where girls beat each other up you could probably stretch to Dead or Alive 5 if you don't have it already.And might I add a note for the developers. Crowdfunding is just another word for theft. Everyone pays for the developement of the game and you keep all the profits. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
,Recommended,245170,12978075,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Two-Bears-High-Fiving,Very good hard to get ised to controls but if you have a gamepad it is 100% better
76561198080531709,Recommended,245170,11372882,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Devinity,"This game is visual apealing, offers a fun semi-balanced Marvel vs. Capcom Experince, and has a really heart melting ""Jazzy"" tone. But, due to how lacking the game is, the character roster is pretty small, and this game isn't for those who aren't Tech heavy. Online is fine so long inputs aren't being lagged. Last thing is that this game is constantly being updated, this is bad and good at same time. Bad being that you gotta wait on the updates way too often. Good because it means the developers actuallly care about the outcome of what the game will turn out to be in future competitive play. To wrap this up, I love this game I'd definantly recommend this if you're into super hyped combos and beautifully drawn woman, as well as other colorful cast, fighting game references, and something to pick up and learn. PLAY IT!!!"
,Recommended,245170,28103153,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,HadesGacheru,"I love the jazz rock soundtrack, the art style, story and gameplay.Overall a great 2D fighting game."
76561198186441037,Recommended,245170,33120380,Posted: 2 July,all,justaordinarybeaver,NIce game buy it guys.
,Recommended,245170,8391202,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Arexys,Hello
,Recommended,245170,16152014,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,I spent the past three hours being digitally sodomized.
,Recommended,245170,16161718,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,量子 DominantReverse,Very fun 1v1 style game 10/10
,Recommended,245170,18186759,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Olaffff,"'s a good game... 's good.THE GOOD!-bweebs-booteh-michiru yamane-clones that aren't color swaps with different stats if not completely different movesets.-great presentation-combo system is as broad as it gets with every character.-1v2+1v3+2v3, lots of formulas for team matchups.great story (which one is cannon?)-shantae and fiona skins for filia.-ping is not horrible.THE BAD!-the anti infinite combo system is worthless since you can just switch combos mid combo...-very small roster of characters-beowulf is op (not top tier)-you need the dlc to 100% the game.-some of the refferences are cringe inducing.8/10very good gaem and fun. has booteh in it."
,Recommended,245170,8637423,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Makerrcat,"A solid fighter with interesting mechanics, a small but decent (and growing) cast of characters to choose, a fair enough story, and an interesting art style. Now I know that might sound mediocre to some, but I only state it that way as if you had no interest in fighters before well I doubt this game will change your mind. Now if you DO have an interest in fighters there's a heck of a lot to keep you entertained and I would consider this game a must buy.Positives:+Controls feel very smooth and very tight. Not floaty whatsoever.+Characters are very interesting and very unique. Which is important considering the relatively small cast it has currently.+Tutorial is awesome and noob friendly. A very VERY nice feature for those trying to get into the fighting genera but unsure where or even how to start.+Tag team system is unique balanced and downright awesome. You can choose to fight matches as one really strong character, two semi-strong characters, or three sorta week characters, whom you can swap between during the fight MVC style. So being able to swap between any one or two characters, or have either one or two assist, or just go it alone, adds a ton of variation to the gameplay making this one heck of an experience worth playing again, and again, and again, and....Negatives:+Small cast of characters+Stable version (IE Not beta) currently only has no male characters.+Sexualisation is a little heavy, some might call sexist. Personally I find it to just be a matter of style, and in some ways they almost play it ironically, but it's all a matter of taste and I know some people really don't like this sort of thing which is why I put it here.I know at the beginning of this review I said I wouldn't call it anything to really give your attention to if you've never had an interest in fighting games to begin with. However, if you've ever even been slightly curios about the genera then I will say that this is probably the hands down best place to start.This has been Makkercat, and we're done here."
,Recommended,245170,23101218,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ney,squigly best waifu
,Recommended,245170,23143367,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ciggy Tardust,Do you like Marvel vs Capcom? Then you've already heard of this.
,Recommended,245170,23096258,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Lethality,"Love anime, Love fighting games this is a good mix."
76561198007496286,Recommended,245170,8239212,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SmileyCyrus,Skullgirls is a innovative fighting game remeniscent of Mortal Kombat.  I haven't had this much fun with a fighting game in many years.  Love it.
76561198218245817,Recommended,245170,22752062,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,JiNKO,"If you're looking for a game with an amazing soundtrack, stunning visuals, and magnificent gameplay, look no further c:"
,Recommended,245170,22727809,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,XIEO,this game is really amizing
76561198061912464,Recommended,245170,13713264,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Razputin,"This has to be one of my favorite 2D fighters available (definitely my favorite western fighter) The tutorial does a fantastic job in teaching people who are new to Skullgirls (and fighters in general) how to play and what to expect in matches ahead. My only dislike towards this game is the final boss in story mode. She's just cheap. But who cares for story mode in fighters? It's all about the multiplayer. Be warned, if you aren't that good at Skullgirls, or fighters, take online with a grain of salt. Most likely you're gonna get wrecked."
,Recommended,245170,7722345,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Psybev,"Maybe you've played Fighting Games before; be it Street Fighter, Marvel vs Capcom, Mortal Kombat, etc. Maybe you've never played one before but have always wanted to try. Either way, Skullgirls is a fantastic addition to the genre. The Tutorial is extremely in-depth and helpful, not just for first-time Skullgirls players, but first-time Fighting Game players in general. The Art is absolutely gorgeous, (if a bit risque,) each character is just bursting with their own unique personality. This is further fleshed out in Story Mode, where you can choose a character and help them on their quest to claim the wish-granting Skull Heart, with more hand-drawn art to move the plot along. But the main event is playing Online, testing your skills against other human beings. Be warned; you will probably lose a lot of matches before your first victory, but don't get discouraged or upset. Learn from your mistakes and improve a little bit each time, and before you know it you'll be knocking people out left and right. So get out there and break a leg! (Both figuratively and literally.) IT'S SHOWTIME!"
,Recommended,245170,28559429,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,(:,The girls are cute
,Recommended,245170,34652603,Posted: 31 August,all,Flaero,great game ex dee
,Recommended,245170,32205832,Posted: 5 June,all,Sriracha,basically getting a hit and then proceeding to do 70 hits and repeating
,Recommended,245170,32215294,Posted: 6 June,all,Solar,Just remember one thing when playing this game: Peacock. Best. Girl
76561198124741287,Recommended,245170,32987776,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr. Kakapopoloch,fast pace fighting game with bouncing boob and panty WHY NOT?
,Recommended,245170,33184673,Posted: 3 July,all,✪ Chowking,Eh.
,Recommended,245170,34047882,Posted: 5 August,all,Craig,Iz reel good. Actual good tutorial. Also♥♥♥♥♥♥ And♥♥♥♥♥ And dem jigglez
,Recommended,245170,31063588,Posted: 10 April,all,♫TSB♫ 8889super,beowulf and big band is 2 ♥♥♥♥ing op NERF PLSS!and oh yeah THEY ARE GUYSthe games name is skullgirlseverything else is pretty good :)
76561198065394397,Recommended,245170,33734399,Posted: 22 July,all,Otaku_redemption,"Spendid and awesome 2D fighter, beats Gulity Gear hands down. Very fun and enjoyable to play."
,Recommended,245170,29498148,Posted: 26 January,all,Hoxo,Beautiful Gam-:(Sorry! Your computer crashed due to insanely bad fps.We'll fix this in due time.(BSoD)AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAa
,Recommended,245170,29847296,Posted: 11 February,all,Pinkie Pie,Purple Squigly <3
,Recommended,245170,29998764,Posted: 17 February,all,Itachi Trai',"Special Team AKA Your Nightmare Team- Ms. Fortune (My main, best)- Parasoul (My second main, great assist)- Robo-Fortune (Main number 3, great offensive)- Eliza (Main number 4, great story)Let's have FUN"
,Recommended,245170,32971768,Posted: 28 June,all,Cry Emoji In Real,"Good game, but:1. Too much fan service2. Only 2-3 characters attone to the early 1900's setting3. Can be kinda buggyBig Band master race all others are inferior"
,Recommended,245170,33164271,Posted: 2 July,all,kuraikuro,its a fun game i got it because it was a better street fighter cause of the sexy girls
,Recommended,245170,33953162,Posted: 1 August,all,Dreadnought,"Man I'd ♥♥♥♥ a zombie cat.Also I'm geniunely suprised I am the only one having trouble with Aza.. I mean Shao Kha... I mean Marie.. Sorry, my bad.Good music tho and the art is top tier"
,Recommended,245170,34540224,Posted: 27 August,all,Valentonis,Imagine Marvel vs. Capcom but actually good.
,Recommended,245170,29429192,Posted: 22 January,all,FocalTable,I love the fact that one of them looks like zone tan hahaha
76561198124100172,Recommended,245170,31193356,Posted: 16 April,all,Pixelis,"This is a positive review for people with controllers. If you have one, then get the game. It's amazing.If you're like me, and thought this game was welcoming to people with keyboards at all, then don't get the game. I'm sorry, but this game is pretty much unplayable on the computer. The keys are wonky, even if you rebind them to suit your preference, and the game doesn't acknowledge the keyboard at all. It assumes that, no matter what you're playing on, you have a controller- yet it acts as if it accepts players who are using keyboards.I tried out the tutorials in the game, and they're actually very helpful for players who are struggling with the button-mashing concept. But, again, this game is not for keyboarders. When I get to the, what, 5th or 6th tutorial, the game starts speaking controller gibberish and expects me to easily pound out the combo displayed on the screen. I fiddled with the keyboard in every which way until I realized it just wasn't possible to play the game to its fullest without a controller.tl;dr: Lovely game, but only if you have a controller. Don't be tricked into thinking you can play this efficiently on a keyboard. (I won't refund the game, both because the devs deserve their money and because I might eventually get a controller or something)"
,Recommended,245170,31877908,Posted: 21 May,all,Girthy Gumbolini,Found the game.Played with the game.Found out the r34.Played with the meat.I found this game because I watched the hentai flash on newgrounds. I took a class in my freshman year called big history. It taught history as a big web in which everything was interconnected with each other in some way. This philosophy has proven true. I actually learned something from school.
,Recommended,245170,33104362,Posted: 1 July,all,JetpackSoup,Tiddy.
,Recommended,245170,31868297,Posted: 20 May,all,Scouts Madesi,I want to bang everything.
,Not Recommended,245170,30506513,Posted: 14 March,all,Kurs'd Arriator,"Skullgirls advertises itself with ""all-new game systems which test the skills of veteran fighting game fans while also making the genre enjoyable and accessible to newcomers.""The former, I don't doubt.The latter is a blatant lie.I am about as much a newcomer to fighting games as there can be, having never touched one before this game. In fact, this sparked my curiosity. A fighting game that's easy to learn? Perhaps thereishope for me. Boy, was I wrong.The first struggle I had to make is button distinguishing in the main menu. What kind of button is ""LK""? After finding out that ""A"" (turning out to be ""LP"") did the trick and accidentally quitting the game AND skipping the intro cinematic, I found out it's bound to Z. Being a German, I rebound it to Y. Okay.Then I found the big flashy ""TRAINING"" option. Well, this looks good. Tutorial? Really! Let's do this!And with every tutorial step the game really set in. Button prompts in the shapes of arrows were soon replaced with somewhat difficult to understand analog stick icons, having patterns drawn onto them like Zs, or Js, to indicate the order of directions required to input. And this was the tutorial for executing special attacks -- which of course made heavy use of these.And finally, my breaking point; Chapter 2-1: Defending against Mix-Ups. After a general definition of Mix-Ups being quick attack combos meant to distract and confuse the enemy into a wrong block so any subsequent hits connect and deal damage, I have received the objective of completely blocking three different mix-up patterns of increasing difficulty. And with hit flash after hit flash my patience chipped away even despite the infinite health, and after being met with the fourth repetition of what was supposed to be a blocking tutorial giving me mere FRAMES to input the correct block button, I actually burst into tears, doubting my skill. Think about it this way: The part that was supposed to teach me how to play made me cry and question my ability to push buttons on a keyboard.So I tried an actual training match against a stationary, non-blocking, non-attacking enemy... and felt though that accomplished just as little, teaching me nothing about how the game worked, or how to enjoy it, or how to play. 5 minutes I just randomly hit the attack buttons, hoping to god something good would come out of it, before calling it a day and writing this review.This game is about as newcomer-friendly as ARMA 3 is in the genre of first-person shooters."
,Recommended,245170,6870041,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,AleexVanBuuren,I Love This Game ♥
,Recommended,245170,24186751,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,zzirfilth,A good Street Fighter clone with boobs. It's honestly really good. And you can perform an RKO with a folding chair when you play as Beowulf. What more could you want?!
76561198132670253,Not Recommended,245170,11771802,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,EoniAno,"Pro-Probably the easist FTG to pick up.-Nice Darkstalkers art style, but the fighting mechanism is more like MVC series.-Cute characters-Hitting sound effects are nice-Impressive stage design, really really good BGM.Con-Plain system, get bored soon. Block push is dumb.-Combo hell. Getting poked by a 2lk/lp means a loss of half life bar. Yes, they did add some clumsy undizzy gauge stuff to prevent infinite combo. lol-So easy to restand, so easy to confirm and the hit stun is too long. Which means, it's basically a reset game. One may get easily tricked to death, by a simple bnb reset.-Unbalanced as hell. If you are not convinced, check the tier poll on Eventhubs. Yes, I am aware of this is a team-up ftg. But still, Eliza should be nerfed and please buff Squigly.-They borrow a lot, I mean, a lot moves from GG and BB series, but failed to make it sound. A lot of mysterious bizzare design here and there, say, they give a DP that has no invulnerable start-up to a character who lacks anti-air methods. LMAOBut still, it's a decent fun game for newbies like me to enjoy, but seems to be a little bit off for a hardcore ftg player.没有接触过格斗游戏也能很快上手畅玩的游戏~而且据说2.0加了更详细的教学和连段挑战，推荐买来和朋友玩"
76561198151444895,Recommended,245170,28104822,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lilpoetboy,Pretty much the best indie fighter on Steam.
76561198310680123,Recommended,245170,33131565,Posted: 2 July,all,renzo,T H I C C
,Recommended,245170,9721925,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,👻 Evange-Ghost 👻,"Come, all waifu♥♥♥♥, your future awaits here. Choose from 9 different waifus to pitch up against other waifus and original characters to not steal, and see whos waifu is the purist."
,Recommended,245170,7734349,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,StarShards,As a huge fan of anime fightings i like this game. Reminds me of Blazblue which is slightly better in design and story but lacks some gameplay features that Skullgirls has.
,Recommended,245170,2737350,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,zane,"Where are my TF2 Items. Besides the TF2 Items never being released, their now releasing male characters? The game is called Skull GIRLS. See? Let me write that again. Skull GIRLLSSSS. The games whole fing plotline revolves around finding the true skullgirl or whatever. I mean, and let's be honest. Why do we have to download the DLC seperately? Why can't it be an automatic update to the game."
,Recommended,245170,12020584,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Markovich: Viewtiful Rider,"Best fighting game I've ever played in my life. That includes Tekken Tag Tournament, Ultra Street Fighter 4, Ultimate Marvel Vs. Capcom 3, and Marvel Vs. Capcom 2. Skullgirls makes those games look like that one ugly puppy that you adopted out of the fear it would get put down if you didn't. 10/10"
76561198048347128,Recommended,245170,13157479,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dragon of Dojima,I really think females have no place in gaming.
76561198025234133,Recommended,245170,3611858,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Balrog,"Like 6-button fighters? Buy this game. Like contemporary art? Buy this game. Like developers who view their games as more than a cash machine? Buy the 4-pack.Oh, and there's boobs."
,Recommended,245170,8382857,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Apex Plesioth,I absolutly love this game!!!! It's the first fighting game I'v really every played and I have to say it really makes me want to start playing more games in the genre. This game is worth every penny even at full price
,Recommended,245170,8258881,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,virulence,Great fighting game for those who like mixups and crazy shenanigans and 50 hour long combos and 20 resets in a single string. Not good if you don't like wondering why you're getting hit when you don't understand the game's intricate system.
,Recommended,245170,10658181,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,☆ mercy ☆,"incomprehensible controls i dont even want to begin trying to decipher them why dont you give us actual button/key names instead of move names k thanks byeother than that good music, nice animation"
,Recommended,245170,10212652,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Jabber,The controls on this game are crazy.
,Recommended,245170,7999042,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,DarkBlueLagoon,Yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh buy it please
,Recommended,245170,9073221,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,♀Kristal Shard Moon♥,"GREAT game... despite it's incomplete gaming functions and lack of all the characters, it's a GREAT game for those fighting-themed gamers out there who are into 6-button Attack interfaced games... a MUST-HAVE for ANY Fighting Gamer out there...My Rating... 100%... 10/10... PERFECT!... OUTSTANDING!... MARVELOUS!So be sure to give it a try and support it's production to 3P!< Completion! Yes... this game in my eyes will be an EPIC game to play when finished... so be sure to check it out! :P~Kristal Moon"
,Recommended,245170,10088155,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,DatSlySpy,"Skull girls is a great fightning game, and the animation looks perfect this game is worth its price."
,Recommended,245170,18847786,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Q U E N G,"Eliza has Dio Brando Skin, Peacock can ROAD ROLLA DA. 10/10-IGN"
,Recommended,245170,14793096,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Xenon,"Besides the dumb weeaboo♥♥♥♥♥♥and homo fan-base this is a really well made and high functioning game. It's all hand drawn sprites, which are very well drawn I might add and has plenty of time put into it along with things still being added in the beta version that comes with the base game. Besides beating people up online or playing with friends, it's basically a twisted metal type of thing where you go through the game fighting all the different characters until the boss and each character you play as has a different little story. If you like fighting games you already own this, if you don't own this game what are you waiting for? Also pro-tip, use a controller for this one. (I only really play the beta btw, excuse for low hours.)"
76561198151397559,Recommended,245170,23904674,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Thicc Warship Girl Hentai,Game needs to get back on the beat but its pretty tight.Big Band/10. Would Trumpet again.
76561197991206366,Recommended,245170,8245608,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Xxamiss,Awesome fighting game with amazingly fluid combos and stylish graphics. The only downside is the number of characters to choose from.
,Recommended,245170,22732537,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,pavig,"Quite possibly the best introduction to the fighting game genre available. Art, animation, sound, gameplay and interface are polished to a perfect shine. The tutorials are a brilliant introduction  to this often opaque and difficult genre. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,245170,19187962,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Ravenna,">downloaded game>played an online match and smashed the crap out of my opponent with painwheel>uninstalled>reinstalled a year later>play valentine>beat her campaign in 10 minutes>fingers hurt>know your placeknowyourplace/10Seriously though, this is a pretty decent arcade fighter. If you can get past the super sexualization of the characters and the weeb waifu hunters crying about censored panties, you'll probably love this game. Heck what am I saying, the crying is funny. It's really funny.Pros:-Super easy keyboard shortcuts if you don't have one of them fangled pc controller thangers-The characters are mostly women, rather than buff_default_guy.exe-Matchmaking/online play-Artwork galleries, achievements and trading cards to collect-Totally cool soundtrack-Keeps your heart in good healthCons:-Weaboos for days complaining about a few censored pixels that make it slightly harder to see a pair of panties on their cartoon fighter lady-I can only play games like this for short periods of time before my hands are broken-A larger variety of characters that I don't have to pay to unlock would be nice"
76561198117304110,Recommended,245170,17316937,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Entire Equine,"Wow, just, wow.Where do I even begin?The soundtrack is one of the best I've ever heardThe characters are completely original (I mean, a cyborg jazz band detective.)The sets are sublimeThe boss is one of the least forgiving one's I've ever seen (Seriously, even on easy, you can only mess up about 4 times)Buy it, especially if it's on sale. and get the DLC while it's free.Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a Meme Machine to play as."
,Recommended,245170,34677581,Posted: 1 September,all,true nara,better than streetfighterIVearth stone
,Recommended,245170,13979094,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Furry Senpai,"This game is great except for marie and the matchmaking where even though you put ""Equavilant skill"" it still lets a guy who can kill you without you able to do one thing the whole match join your lobby besides that this game is great8/10 would try to beat marie again"
,Recommended,245170,32592102,Posted: 20 June,all,PENGUINMASTER25,"very good game.  u r play as the skull girls, an elit team of woman deploy to fight the vile subjects of man and evil kind ALL around the world, which the skullgirls take part off.  u can play as hairgirl, big hairgirl, brown hairgril, tophat girl, umbrelle girl, doctor girl, corpse girl, cat girl, zombie girl, egypt girl, big black man, and wolf dude!hihlgty recomended for good game and hard combo."
,Recommended,245170,31718029,Posted: 13 May,all,Novacti,"Skrill grills is my favorite geg, cus it has a gud stoory line, but dlc mak stoory better, but dlc is more than sctual geg.Gr8 g4meplay and character design, the only downside is the dlc, which explains the storyline is actually more than the game itself. Loved this game the second I saw the cutscenes and art."
,Recommended,245170,31721487,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr. Videogamer,"GIVE US BACK THE UPSKIRTS YOU ♥♥♥♥S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The cencerd sprites look TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!♥♥♥♥ YOU MIKE Z!!!!!!I HOPE INVISIVUS oR WHAT EVER NEVER GETS MADE!!!!!!!!!!!cool game though, i like it."
,Recommended,245170,33576992,Posted: 15 July,all,WeebtisticTV,this game is preety good need better controller support
,Recommended,245170,34673980,Posted: 1 September,all,Slickdick,yeah
,Recommended,245170,29656789,Posted: 2 February,all,WhatAmIDoing,What are you waiting for? There's♥♥♥♥♥♥Get this game!GET IT.GET IT DAMN IT!
76561198170112158,Recommended,245170,32350718,Posted: 11 June,all,TheBigToaster,Big Band is big husbando and not your♥♥♥♥♥♥waifus you hentai lover.
76561198064305009,Recommended,245170,32415147,Posted: 14 June,all,PigSnail,Squigly.
,Recommended,245170,29659549,Posted: 2 February,all,Beard,Mom watched me play SkullgirlsCalled me a noob and showed me how it's done10/10 - Would like to get schooled again by my mom
76561198002290816,Recommended,245170,34595084,Posted: 29 August,all,Krillin Mcdiesalot,Sometimes when I see a rule 34 thread on ♥♥♥♥♥ I am pleasently surprised by the source of new and exciting hentai - and Skullgirls is worth more than the fap. I hate fighting games and this one won me over. I suck at it but it's a game where losing is actually fun. Who says fanservice can't make new fans?
,Not Recommended,245170,20336096,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ghost,"If I was judging this game for the gameplay I'd say: ""There are better fighting games like Guilty Gear, Blazblue, and Killer Instinct.""If I was judging this game for the visual style I'd say: ""Vanguard Princess is better, and at least then I'd know the unsaid sacred belief that editing a game, that is to say altering visuals, on a whim after years of its creation, even in a minor way, wouldn't be commited for Vanguard.""If I was judging this game for the story I'd say: ""I personally only enjoyed Painwheel's story, and no one else.""I'd rather play MUGEN honestly.Ignoring everything I said though: If you're still interested buy it on sale. It's not the worst fighting game, and I won't pretend as such, but I feel there are better games."
,Not Recommended,245170,20709209,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Vallinek,"Yes, I am reviewing it after barely any playtime, but I do have a good reason for it.Skullgirls is a fighting game developed by Lab Zero, directed by some of the biggest genre enthusiasts like Mike Z, with a unique art style, original characters with interesting fighting styles and jam-packed with references to other video games, anime, TV shows and whatnot.Let's start with the graphics, or rather, the art style. It has that cartoonish, rough feel to it - most of the story art looks a little sketchy, but the in-game sprites themselves are amazingly detailed, and even the stage lighting visibly affects them. Also, the female characters are rather... fanservicey at times, which actually does kind of complement how everyone is drawn.The sound effects for hitting enemies are immensely satisfying, and the music is some of the best I've heard in fighting games (though it's not nearly as diverse as for example what games like BlazBlue or Guilty Gear have to offer). It's overall very good in that department.Each character is unique and has his or her own mechanics and fighting style, often very unorthodox with what we've seen in other fighting games. On one hand this makes them feel fresh, on the other this makes learning them a tad bit harder.Unfortunately, I can't say the same about the Story Mode. While DLC characters indeed get much more fleshed-out storylines, the ones that belong to the vanilla characters are very lackluster and short in comparison. You don't really get too much narrative about who they are or what they're doing - and it's a shame, considering the setting of the game is just begging to be explored.Also, I can't forget about the biggest issue: the PC port of 2nd Encore got skewed rather badly, as it's missing two modes in comparison to the console versions - Challenge Mode and most worryingly Trial Mode.Trial Mode is, putting it simply, a ""perform shown combo"" mode that teaches you how to combo as a specific character. Considering this is a rather complex fighting game, being able to effectively perform combos is a must if you wanna play on any considerable level, at least in online matches. It eases you into a character and puts some groundwork for you to get better, familiarize with how general comboing works, and then proceed to try and use your intuition and knowledge to learn the character more deeply and finally master it.And since the PC version lacks it, you don't actually get that kickstarter. All you get is a short tutorial on how each single special and super of a character works and that's it, you're off to figure out everything on your own, when you have barely any knowledge about the character, don't know what can cancel into what, making it frustratingly difficult to actually start out.Now a mode like this wasn't included in older fighting games, but we're not ""older"" here. BlazBlue, Street Fighter, Guilty Gear - all the newest iterations of those fighting game franchises do include a mode like this, that actually teaches you combos. Meanwhile, Skullgirls lacks it, which is what kills the game for me - I am forced to either spend hours upon hours figuring out how to combo myself with no prior knowledge about the character, or just give up. I know you can just look up some combos online, but it isn't the same or nearly as convenient as an in-game mode that does the same, with more readable inputs that actually show up on the screen, as well as a possible demonstration on how it actually should look like by the A.I.I am not going to speak about the balance in this game as I don't think I played it for a long enough time to actually judge it to any extent.I really don't want to give this game a negative review, but I can't enjoy a game that refuses to teach me how to play it. Especially that it's a clearly inferior port in comparison to the console versions. Taking into account those factors, my verdict couldn't possibly be positive.On the other hand, it can be just as easily changed IF they add the missing modes to the PC version.@EDIT:Gonna clarify that 2nd Encore now does possess the combo-teaching mode... but it's locked behind a paywall. Definitely even more of a reason not to come back."
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,245170,34517794,Posted: 26 August,all,Biodeamon,"I can't honestly say in good faith I would recommend this game. While otherwise great and highly polished till sparkling, it is later bogged down by what I feel is needlessly overcomplicated controls, such as some critically important moves requiring spinning the controller in a EXACT pattern incredibly quickly. And god help you if you try and play this with a keyboard. This makes the game substational harder as the your opponent has acess to all the moves and specials, and yet you struggle to perform anything but the base skills."
,Recommended,245170,9163444,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Egg 🐸,This game. Buy it.Boobs/10
,Recommended,245170,10387457,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,alterEgo,uguu muh waifu
76561197984776622,Recommended,245170,7792568,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,eternalsnows,"I'll cut to the chase: go buy Skullgirls right now. It's incredibly fun and you'd be hard pressed to find a better value for your gaming dollar. The sheer amount stylishness, polished gameplay, and raw originality on display here is truly remarkable.I've always enjoyed fighting games, but I'm not an expert by any means. I like to learn as many special moves and combos as I can, but my actual ""strategy"" usually ends up being semi-coherent button mashing. I own Street Fighter IV and Mortal Kombat and have had a lot of fun with both. Skullgirls is similar in many ways to its big-budget cousins, but it's also very much its own game. The neo-Art Deco art style is very well done and the characters are designed and animated to perfection. It's an absolute joy to watch classic Warner Bros.-style cartoon chaos unfold as cars race across the screen, heads roll, and giant balls of twine wreak havoc on your character. The voice acting is limited, but suits the mood of the game to a T, as does the 1920s-era jazz soundtrack.I do have a few tiny nitpicks. I would like to see a few more characters, a little bit more voice work, more graphics options, and maybe some polishing done on a few of the stage backgrounds. Honestly though, I get why there are a couple of minor weaknesses like this. Clearly the developers spent a huge amount of time and money perfecting the core gameplay, and as a result they've come up with something really special. If a few secondary things fell through cracks or got pushed back then that's totally reasonable. It just makes me look forward all the more to future patches/DLC and (hopefully) Skullgirls 2!"
76561198121138527,Recommended,245170,14804380,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,BITE ME,This is such an amazing game i really like it alotIf your a fan of Marvel vs Capcom series or Guilty Gear SeriesPretty sure you'll love this gameits also has good net coding for steam fighting gameI only played this game for about 6 hours and i still want to play it even moreits has a well balanced character castGood OSTand amazing artstylehope you buy this amazing game
76561197970705636,Recommended,245170,11963150,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,Gameplay is terrible on keyboard.Will pick it up again when steamcontroller is a thing.$hit's so cash!
,Recommended,245170,32911153,Posted: 27 June,all,P0ch1,Its so realistic I even get bloody noses as if I was really fighting!
,Recommended,245170,23150711,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Staff Segreant Stud,filia has a cute butt
,Recommended,245170,11768613,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Saias ⑨,really ♥♥♥♥ing fun game when u have a friend to play with you :3
,Recommended,245170,3655151,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Ki11s0n3,Best fighter I have played in a long time and not just because of the boobs.
,Recommended,245170,16216617,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Dominated Stringbean,Killed by a nun that transforms into a thing I can't even explain. 10/10One of my favorite fighting games btw.
,Recommended,245170,33439967,Posted: 10 July,all,Didly,"I'm a real gamer. In games,call me Mysteryman. I mostly play Team Fortress 2, Call of Duty World At War, and Garry's Mod. - DomTheDomino(BTW great game 9/10)"
76561198259455767,Recommended,245170,29309274,Posted: 16 January,all,PK_Flashin',Dis iz gud gaem
,Recommended,245170,31849810,Posted: 19 May,all,pringle64,Anime was am istake
,Not Recommended,245170,19259650,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Dry Soup,Literally who can land the infinite combo first simulator.
76561198074234358,Recommended,245170,23554775,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,DoubleDoll,I think we all know that Double is the best waifu .
,Recommended,245170,7752697,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Orangu-tan,its good u can see panties when they high kick
,Not Recommended,245170,22830086,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,retrosonic90,"I honestly wish there was an in-between option for recommendations, but overall, I'd have to say skip this game for now. The story is incomplete, and the 2nd encore dlc is a ripoff to anyone who bought the dlc beforehand. The game is fun, but some issues need to be worked out before I would honestly recommend this game to people in general."
,Recommended,245170,7777253,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Teléfonos de México,It's ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. Don't buy it.
76561198040482424,Recommended,245170,21127612,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Chief Inspector Rucket,"I have no idea how this game showed up in my inventory, but the first character I played had some very creepy♥♥♥♥♥♥going on with her hat, so I closed it."
,Recommended,245170,33125074,Posted: 2 July,all,Lux,How To Play1] Buy The Game2] play the game3] Buy DLC4] Play DLC Story Mode Less Than 1 Hour5] Refound DLC6] Repeat with Another DLC
,Not Recommended,245170,22408612,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,panc,"buys all dlcs.↓new dlc comes out.↓dlc that comes with all of the previous dlc WITH 3 new modes and full voice-acts for $15.↓yes, this dlc is a great ♥♥♥♥ you to those people who wasted money for all of their previous dlcs.↓♥♥♥♥ you too Lab Zero Games."
,Recommended,245170,16559768,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,🅷🅰🆇,"Can't even remember how this game ended up in my library.I swear ,it's true."
,Not Recommended,245170,16121045,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,unemployed black astronaut,Bonebabes is the newest fighting game with the hottest chicks. Down side is it's bad and not worth your time. SORRY!
,Not Recommended,245170,33167359,Posted: 2 July,all,Space Kitteh,"Two words, confusing controls. The ♥♥♥♥ is a macro?! I should have to spend an hour trying to keymap or learning the controls."
,Not Recommended,245170,24257215,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Kyntomura,"Don't bought this incomplete game/não comprem esse jogo incompletoI would recommend this game before the 2nd Encore DLCFirst of all you buy a incomplete game (20 BRL/10 USD),every character story lasts like 10 minutes or less if you know combos and how to avoid OP Marie attacks,later on you bought the characters DLCs,when I bought them it was more expensive than now,they lowered the price because of that stupid 2nd Encore,they have that useless palette color swap clothes too but fighting games have that free,so they release 2ND Encore (28 BRL) i bought the characters individually and paid a high price and then they release this sh*t with has all char,voice acting (has to be free) and improvements like challenges and other things,if I bought this i will only receive voice acting and color swap (don't bought this DLC) and challenges what isn't make this DLC worth for price (you can play with OP Marie but it's only in a challenge,she isn't playable in any another mode). I will pay for voice acting and color swap these two things are free in many fighting games,seriously stop wanting money and think about players0/10 Devs only want money."
,Not Recommended,245170,22779144,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,danielshadow,"You only get half the characters at purchase, then you have to buy the other half. This Capcom-style approach towards releasing unfinished games and forcing players to purchase what should already be included in the game really stinks."
76561198043096322,Not Recommended,245170,22402156,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Firen,"""Scholar of the first sin"" all over again.Supported them since early access, now I have to pay for challenges and trials."
,Not Recommended,245170,24077737,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Edesia,Really hate the controls
76561198037524122,Not Recommended,245170,22581472,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,abstr.ct,"game itself is not even that bad.if you love bad controlls and horrible buttonmapping, even with customzation go ahead and waste your money on the game. dont forget to buy characters for your new game though, they dont come with the game."
,Not Recommended,245170,29332676,Posted: 18 January,all,ChimeraGryph,"Not a good fighting game for newcomers, combos last forever, no conveyence of when it is safe to attack (getting hit by heavies when I light,) overall♥♥♥♥♥♥poor at teaching it's mechanics"
,Not Recommended,245170,23407748,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,「S P I C Y 」,"Not even a fun fighting game because you can't play with others. It's fun for a while, but once campaign is completed, you have to go online. Wait times are insanely long, and if you find someone, they're too good or too bad for you."
,Recommended,245170,14057356,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Coylie3,"I love this game.I never really had an appreciation for the strategy in these 2D fighting games. Smash Bros, yes of course, but games like Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter, and this game? I really hought that the only strategy was just mash the buttons and hope for the best.This game has a very detailed tutorial on the basics of 2D fighting games and how each character in this game is meant to be played. After going through the basics, I can see the strategy involved in these games.The soundtrack in this game is jazzy and I love it, the characters are all unique and I really love that, I love everything about this game.Except how it plays on my laptop because my keyboard sucks for anything but typing. I can't press more than 3 buttons at once or in quick succession like is needed in a lot of games. I need a gamepad.The only way I can see this being a better deal is if they included the soundtrack so you could listen to it using Steam even if you aren't in game. Skull Heart Arrhythmia is one of my favorite final boss themes."
,Not Recommended,245170,35318294,Posted: 29 September,all,Minor Poobah Shu,"While it appears to me to be a very good game that I would enjoy, the controls make me unable to recommend the game. After 20 minutes of fiddling with the settings to make the game even able to load into a story, I was sorely disappointed when all of the combos required a specific motion of a joystick. I, however, had no luck with performing these combos on keyboard.I look forward to playing this game after setting up a controller or playing on a different console."
,Not Recommended,245170,30092093,Posted: 21 February,all,Psycho Killer7,For some reason the minimum system requirements changed and now my laptop can't run it anymore.Lame.
,Not Recommended,245170,25310671,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MAKO,if you want to stuck your enemy and thats the only way you could posibly win in a fighting game then this game is for you! even the ai plays the game that way
,Not Recommended,245170,30853748,Posted: 31 March,all,Missiletainn,"I really wanted to like this game, It seems it would be fun to learn and play, but the tutorials are terrible, they don't tell the player how to do anything, just that you can do them, and expects the player to just know exactly what buttons to press at the perfect time.I would recommend it to those who are psychic, or those who can spend time themselves in the training zone, but with a tutorial this terrible, it'll take ages to learn anything"
76561197993074749,Not Recommended,245170,33303090,Posted: 6 July,all,Trollzoro,"Cute game, great aesthetics, using the analogue stick with 8 different defined segments that change what imput you are going for is way to hard to get consistent imputs. 6 different attack types multiplied out by crouch and jump varients makes the game hard for someone not used to fighting games to get into. would not recommend to anyone who hasnt played a fighting game."
,Not Recommended,245170,7642725,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,nsc,"Skullgirls is on sale, but should you buy it?Now, if you play fighting games, you probably already know if you like skullgirls or not. If you don't play fighting games, should you get into this wonderful genre and should Skullgirls be your entry? Let's take a look.First off, a lot of people I know always say the same thing when I talk to them about fighting games, ""I'm not very good at them."" Putting it lightly, they're wrong, and you probably are wrong too. It's not that you're bad at fighting games, it's that you don't know how to play them.Are you bad at playing an instrument you've never learned? No, you just haven't learned how to play it.So at this point you probably know that you don't want to buy fighting games and play fighting games. After all you don't want to spend time learning how to play, learning what to do. Often people buy special controllers to play fighting games (arcade sticks) which can cost around $100 and right now you are feeling overwhellmed.So why would you want to get into a niche part of a hobby where people tell you to spend $100 on a controller and you need to spend a lot of time learning how to play and what to do.The gameplay of fighting games is without a doubt the most rewarding competitive video game multiplayer experience. If you like the aspect of directly proving that you are better than someone else by beating the crap out of their virtual avatar then fighting games are for you.In many games such as MOBAs or FPS games people will often whine about their bad team caused them to lose, in fighting games there is no team, if they lose it's because they're crap.Now, winning in fighting games appears very simple. Just don't get hit. However it isn't that simple in reality.Skullgirls is centered around broken and unfair mechanics layed out by Capcom's VS series, where long combos are king and if you can't execute these combos you will not win. It doesn't matter if you can hit him 10 times while they hit you once if their one time takes all your life and your 10 hits barely scratch them.On top of that Skullgirls has a long and rocky history involving dramatic changes to how each player combos and how many subsystems interract.At the current installment I find skullgirls has rediculous requirements for combo execution, learning how to preform you combos and the gameplay isn't better than direct competitors to demand these things.Previously my review featured an in depth breakdown of the game, the systems, and did reccomend it  however in my opinion the constant development and changes has really hurt the game and forced people to relearn their combos, relearn their teams, relearn what their assist calls do.For even FGC fans I would call that unforgivable and for new players even more so. Learning fighting games doesn't have to be as hard as skull girls makes it, so do yourself a favor and pass this game up."
,Not Recommended,245170,22402212,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Katatonia,"pay money for all the characters, the new DLC comes out with only a voice acted story mode, costs $15 and players like me would have to pay $8 minimum for voice acted story mode.since i'm reviewing now lets get to the game.stupid hard, the bots would spam certain moves sometimes and online fights are just terrible the other person lags or stays in 1 spot with a certain character waiting for you to get close enough so they can get a ""guarenteed"" hit.some characters are opaf, beawulf..... i don't want to talk about the skill required to wreck with him ""spam buttons""online is laggy, and the easiest mode story mode is stupid hard.all DLC should be in the game without DLC it's a weak attempt of a cash grab.""lets make a voice acted story mode, trials, survival, and challenges.♥♥♥♥♥♥since we're going to make so much money from this dlc lets throw in the characters that majority of the players already bought."""
76561198052982921,Not Recommended,245170,30862166,Posted: 31 March,all,Daikataro,"So visually, game lives up to the expectations; very well drawn sprites with nicely thought characters. Gameplay however, is a different beast...First things first VIRTUALLY UNPLAYABLE WITHOUT CONTROLLER DO NOT EVEN ATTEMPT. Mouse support is nonexistant, and there's zero indication of what key does what, you have to guesswork your way thru the menu. Configuring a controller is a nightmare because, for some stupid reason, when you reassign a key to punch, kick, etc, IT ALSO CHANGES WHAT BUTTON PERFORMS THE CONFIRM AND BACK COMMAND, THIS IS STUPID AND WRONG! It is also ridiculously sensitive to the quality of the controller, I have played virtually every single fighting game that matters (KOF, SF, Tekken, Marvel xovers and a long, long etcetera) with my cheap knockoff PS2 controller, and this is the first game that has such a ridiculously specific sweet spot for crouch blocking, instead of regular crouching or regular blocking, seriously the area where my character crouch blocks instead of the other 2 must be like 5° or so.Probably game itself is fun, but the controls are a nightmare and the learning curve is way steep for new players, refunding this poorly thought controller scheme."
,Not Recommended,245170,20523202,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,イタリアン シエフ,The hitstun on this is so high that should be called StunGirls.
,Not Recommended,245170,20796678,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,C:\Users\SaylorSez,Unforgiving
76561198052839638,Not Recommended,245170,32693133,Posted: 23 June,all,Dogbeing,"It only uses fighting commands for the menu navigation instead of actual keyboard keys, and if you are not familiar with fighting commands the good luck even getting to the options menu to remap the keys. even that was a trial, becuase even though it tells you the action you are remaping, it doesnt tell you which key you pressed. Experienced FG players will tell you that it is perfectly normal, but when you have almost one hundred keys and the game does not tell you which SIX to use, it becomes rediculously difficult to get anywhere."
,Not Recommended,245170,23960676,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Suchgamesmuchplay on Twitch,"i know what everyone is going to say:'you've only got 4 hours under your belt, you dont know the game blah blah blah'well seeing as the steam description says: 'making the genre enjoyable and accessible to newcomers' my opinion should also be reccomened.first, some basic pro's/cons:pros:-unique characters-great art style-jazzy soundtrack to fit the game-inexpensive DLC (thank god)thats about itcons:-newcomers to side scrollers NOT welcome-infinite combo chains, getting to around 30 at least-tutorial doesnt give a steady input to each character, instead gives you each character info at chapter 7-story is boring, a literall 'tap enter' fest.-over sexualised characters and (im seriously not kidding when a flashy nurse costume is someones DEFAULT gear)-cutscenes, while they look pretty, are just pictures scrolling.-only way to have fun is with a friend-when a game gives a hitbox visible training option, you know your in for something.now, onto the deeper look at the pro's/cons:PROSthe characters are anything but your cookie cutter fighters. each has his or her own playstyle, so Parasol for the slower players, Ms.Fortune for the faster players and Peacock for the ranged people. i personally like painwheel for the combo strings and the cheesy backstory.art style looks like an awesome web-comic or an ask blog, which gives a very good cartoony feel to some characters (like peacock) and adds to the macabre of others (like Valentine)music is poppy and jazzy (ive always had a weak spot for that music)DLC when on sale is around 50p and is usually a new character, while now-a-days you gotta pay £5+CONS:this aint street fighter or mortal kombat. well, if you took street fighter and made it 10X harder because cetain staples of a good side scrolling fighter are missing, you got skullgirls. this game, as said before, states that it is 'making the genre enjoyable and accessable to newcomers'. this does not do that in any way. instead, it SHOULD say: 'new to these type of games? if so, dont touch this.'the issue of 'infinite combo chains' has always been in games like this, and has been easy to fix: just make the opponent invulnerable after a certain number or tweak the hitboxes for the spammable combo's to make them non-spammy. this, however, is next to none, and if you mess up 1 time in a match you might as well quit. ive been literally locked into combo's which have hit 30 hits or more and i can do next to nothing about it. in the air? no type of dodging or block if your hit. on the ground? better have frame perfect precision. and, i know this game was made in 2013, but its recent update was on the 25th of june. 5 DAYS AGO. get your shizz together.the tutorial seems ok, but the fact that it doesnt introduce the roster until chapter 7 bugs me. introduce them after the basics for god sakes! movement, attacking, blocking, throwing, specials, characters. NOT everything in the game that you can do THEN characters.story. only one's i have played is painwheel, peacock and parasol. painwheels was delightfully cheesy, and i found it honestly funny when she fought herself in her head. peacock was a genetic experiment. parasol is some cop lady. literally all i got from the tap Z fest of the cutscenes. they had a budget to use fully animated sprites in the majority of the game so why not in the cutscenes?! at least then you'd have something to look at.speaking of something to look at, the over, sexualization of most the characters. biggest and most obvious ones are Valentine (a nurse with more jiggle physics than beach volleyball games) and parasol (who is apparantly too poor to buy a longer jumper. literally panty shot in most moves). this is not apparant in characters like parasol, painwheel, ms. fortune (who is the only loveable character there due to her comical 'om nom nom' move) but characters like cerebella and filia are still sexualised, cerebella wearing a bottom of boobs only top and is continuously hunched foreward and filia's down middle kick move in a SERIOUSLY provocative manner. now im not complaining about this to the point of 'NO BOOBS! NO SEXY! ALL FULL CLAD IN CLOTHING!' in fact im the opposite: if a character is supposed to seem flirty, thats ok. but it seems as if the developers took a little TOO long on the jiggle physics, nudge nudge.go online, get♥♥♥♥♥whooped by a 50-80 long combo streak. get up, it happens again, rinse an repeat. only way to have fun is with a friend. nuff said.finally, if the negative reviews are coming from people with less than 30 hours in the game, yet posative reviews are coming from people with 100+ hours and your game says its for newcomers and veterans, theres something wrong.ps.i played with a friend. me painwheel, he peacock. i used combo's. he buttonmashed. i only JUST won by a single match. GG skills, GG."
,Not Recommended,245170,21097263,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,xxfragalotxx,"Another fighting game bugged down in complexity. Too many characters, moves, abilities to get a simple, decent fight. Eleborate moves like say double power jump with spinning open fist buffed with dragon knee need hours to learn and fail in the tension of gameplay. Training revers to buttons like (p)=punch (k)=kick etc. WHY NOT JUST ABXY? Could not find a way to alter this. The ""rethinking"" this needs adds to the complexity. So... not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,245170,7656754,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Tuong,"Skullgirls is a fast-paced 2-D fighting game that puts players in control of fierce warriors in an extraordinary Dark Deco world. Featuring all-new game systems which test the skills of veteran fighting game fans while also making the genre enjoyable and accessible to newcomers, Skullgirls is a modern take on classic arcade fighters with a hand-drawn high-definition twist. It’s a one-of-a-kind, action-packed competition complete with awesome combos and an intriguing backstory."
,Not Recommended,245170,13213874,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Jack Forsythe,"Single player is a phenomenal experience but don't dare go online unless you like being onecomboed to death by every single opponent you meet. ""Anti-combo"" system my♥♥♥♥♥the anticombo bar fills up almost instantly and they just keep going, the highest combo I was hit with before finally dying was 134. This game is absolutely worth the single player, but the multiplayer is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,245170,23491461,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,[M4tth2w],Good game nice style but it's hard as balls even on the easiest difficulty.....
,Not Recommended,245170,16516257,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,theoverlordoftheunderworld,I bought the 4 pack for 11.24 and recieved only a 3.74 product since nothing else was included in the pack!! This was a total ripoff.
76561198025227964,Not Recommended,245170,16633265,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,NickyTheRat,"Despite solid mechanics, this game is utterly devoid of any charm or character despite evidently trying ludicrously hard. Character designs are uninspired save for maybe one or two and the whole game is littered with excessive unapologetic amounts of cheesecake, much of it of underage girls. None of the characters are likeable and the story mode is completely incomprehensible; I feel like I'm playing a sequel to a game they never made. The animation is certainly gorgeous and fluid, but the gameplay is too fast paced and the animations too elaborate for anything to read well in the heat of battle, so it all comes across as wasted effort.I said the mechanics are sold, but be aware that I'm someone who likes fighting games but isn't especially good at them. One thing that does bug me is that the game has a tag battle function like Marvel vs Capcom, but where as MvC had over fifty characters to take full advantage of this function, Skullgirls has a mere 8 (12 with DLC). It betrays thoughtless design.If all you care about is gameplay you might like this game, but I personally need my fighting games to have creative, interesting characters, and this game does not. I sincerely believe you can get the same gameplay expierence with far better set dressing and presentation in Guilty Gear or BlazBlue."
76561197995577440,Recommended,245170,7767010,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Cat Daddy,"Game now has to many issues at present.It looks and plays beautifully but the problem is theres an issue were you can just spam Infinite combos over and over again. so basically its a case of 1st person to get hit essentially loses. The other problem is you have liars who CLAIM this is how the games ment to be played yet its strange how the developers now say there working on a fix to the issue and making it so the combos can only be short so you can't just constantly spam inifinate combos on each other.The game itself is a beautiful game with fantastic characters, nice story, brilliant music, lots of great ideas all thrown in together to make a very nice game.I just think the only problem at present is1) The infinate combo issue which seriously needs to be fixed. Sorry but it doesnt make you PRO just because you can spam an infinate chain of combos together never giving the other player a chance to even block or even recover. Theres a chance were you can stop the combo from happening but only after 60-70% of your health bar is gone and pretty much within 3 seconds the other player can just spam the combo chain on you right awayThis annoying feature was NOT in the game to begin with and only seemed to appear later on which people who now use it CLAIM thats how the games ment to be played yet oddly when the developers say they will be removing the feature/bug people (mainly people who just spam the infinite combo method) complain and say its a bad idea.2) The hardcore indie communityI dont mean this in a nasty sense its just everytime i have asked a simple question it seems when you ask on the community section on steam of this game all your going to get is abuse and flames from people. I can only guess immature teenages or people who dont have public relation skills hound the steam/skullgirls community forum.Again i dont mean that to be nasty its just considering i asked 2 questions and got the same people giving abusive comments and flames to the point i had to get moderators in....well i think it speaks volumes really, especially considering i have not had it in 1 single other forum aside from the skullgirls community one. Dont get me wrong there are a lot of nice people on there but it seems the same people time and time again just seem to give abuse or start flames. Its odd how this only seems present on a game with girls with big boobs yet you dont see it in something like the Skyrim/RE6,Killing Floor etc etc forums...just here.In generalThe game itself is beautiful and a breath of fresh air considering all the crap thats out these days. It feels like a bit of nostalga as it reminds me of the Darkstalkers series before it got religated to the marvelVScapcom line.A brilliant game worth the money and i hope the developers make a real good go of this game because it does deserve a chance to be up there with other fighting games.However until the combo issue and the hardcore indie community issue are sorted i dont think the game would be as popular as it could be. The combo issue seriously needs fixing, its no fun playing against someone who is just cheating and spamming the same combo over and over again so you cannot recover. The hardcore indie fanbase need to calm down a little as well, no other forum i have used on the steam community has people flaming,giving abuse just because someone asked a question...yet in the skullgirls community section that seems ok?"
,Not Recommended,245170,30919360,Posted: 3 April,all,TenazJusticia,"Painwheel is my waifu.her existance is pain and misery, just like mine :3"
76561198029584543,Not Recommended,245170,16707792,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Korean Lady Jesus,"Yep. 30 minutes was all it took for me to decide this game wasn't for me. Worried that I hadn't given it a fair shot, I went on YouTube and viewed gameplay. Confirmed everything I learned about the game in 30 minutes.I see people hailing it as some kind of great technical fighting game. It is not. It looks and plays like an overhyped flash game. Everything about this game is loose, from the graphics to the animation to the hit box detection.Also, I'm not sure how a fighting game can be called great from a technical standpoint when every single character is a rushdown button masher. No tactics there. Just a contest to see who can twitch faster.If you absolutely must have all things waifu and don't care whether the game is good or not, you'll like this one. I guess. As for me, I'm slightly salty that I spent 5 bucks based on misleading reviews that indicated that this was a good fighting game.EDIT: I am literally LOLing at all of the downvotes for this review. Don't worry, little weeaboos. I wasn't calling your waifu ugly. Just saying that the game she is in isn't actually very good. Chill. People can have opinions different from yours."
,Not Recommended,245170,20548562,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,CatPulp,"I personally wouln't recommend this game to anyone.Controls are awful, even the menu is not user friendly and when I purchase a game FOR my PC I would expect to be able to play with a keyboard obviously.Didn't like it. Got a refund."
,Not Recommended,245170,19135712,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Cornflake,cut content post release
,Not Recommended,245170,32974370,Posted: 28 June,all,gthesob,"I have never been so irritated by the controls of a modern game. This is not what I consider controller support. Didn't we leave behind Joy button 1, Joy button 2, etc. a decade or more ago? By remapping the punches & kicks to what I've been using in SF since the 90's I can no longer navigate the menus without constantly hitting the wrong buttons because the long held standard of A/accept and B/cancel don't apply here. I feel like I'm drawing lefthanded through a mirror while I try to override three decades of habit. I fumbled my way back into the config so I could memorize their backwards crap (why in hell do the fight controls affect the menu?) and changed my mind. I could've done it but I'd had enough. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,245170,16631622,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,You're all terrible at shit talk,"Game looks amazing. Can't play it. Deplorable UI and control setup that give you visual clues in vague, 'fighting game' acronyms mean that consequently I can't even change my key-bindings in the in-game settings as I can't navigate the menus properly, and even if I could, I wouldn't understand what the buttons themselves were doing in-game. Definitely not one for novices, or somebody looking to have a relaxing, fun experience."
,Not Recommended,245170,16148988,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Tommy Jr,"The developers removed ""suggestive"" animations from the game so they could pander to the SJW/Feminist crowd."
,Not Recommended,245170,19469686,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Σnvy,WTF is happening the game
76561198020284877,Not Recommended,245170,16189030,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Degrelecence,"If you read through the reviews, almost all of them are excited about skimpy outfits. So if you haven't discovered the internet yet, this is the perfect game for you. If you are hoping with something resembling fun, consistancy, decent controls, decent mechanics, decent development in general, or decent story, move on. Honestly, I could look past most of those, being as it is a fighting game but bad controls and irrationally inconsistant difficulty are a game breaker for me."
76561198089458536,Not Recommended,245170,19132748,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,o0oMARSELo0o,Few characters and weak combos.
76561198049157943,Not Recommended,245170,16744329,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Garmaleon,"Dont buy this game. I spent just 1 hour of in the game and it was awfull. The tutorial is buggy, the game its unpolished, the menu is horrible. The keyboard controls sucks and it has unbindible keys. Like..... just dont waste your time here"
,Not Recommended,245170,16296438,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Saytuamin,Sometimes I don't win every match valve pls fix :^)
76561198115704392,Not Recommended,245170,16190959,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,King jjwpenguin,"I played this. it crashed every time i selected something. when i fixed it, the controls were so bad that i couldnt even do anything besides punch. accessing the tutorial was impossible since after a few moments it just stopped working entirely. And on top of all of that if i ever pressed a unbinded button my game died. On top of all of that aftrwards i had to do a whole reset because my keys where still binded and then binded to other things so now instead of moving in a game i open 30 tabs and start deleating stuff off my computer. It sucked!"
76561198076582831,Not Recommended,245170,31943407,Posted: 24 May,all,Stuff Happens,"Not a fan of ex post facto censorship, even if it is self imposed."
,Not Recommended,245170,30977509,Posted: 6 April,all,Kurumi=life,controller support does not mean haha you don't have a controller ♥♥♥♥ you hahahahahahaha.steam pls. i bought this game when it first came out never played it since. now i want to refund. this just make me mad. at least have like a tag. you know like a controller only or must have controller.Game looks amazing.... Can't play it..................GOD DAM IT.
76561198182479345,Not Recommended,245170,32273118,Posted: 8 June,all,Loli pounder,fun if you want to remember 15 button memory game for combos
,Recommended,245170,33135319,Posted: 2 July,all,Ajcool,"Day-z is a prime example of a Early Access game gone wrong!IN the begining it had plenty of players in the community and so much future potential.However the devs have seem to given up on it.ON the other end of the spectrum we have player unkowns battleground this is a great example of Early access as of nowHowever that could change just as it did with Day-z will this happen? Find out in my comprehensive review of Cities Skylines!You have to play Euro truck simulator 2 for at least two hours before you are able to play the online mod.I am guessing this is like this because they don't wont trolls/toxic players buying the game going online and Griefingthen returning the game! If you are gonna wanna grief u are gonna have to KEEp that game they Thought.DockYard is a good map on dirty bomb if you enjoy sniping! This has to do with all the long straightways.So that is why i regret purshcashing insurgency.Hope you guys enjoyed this review!3,4/5"
,Not Recommended,245170,31268999,Posted: 20 April,all,Riley.,why nerf beowulf
,Not Recommended,245170,19398431,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Chiisun,"a game that isn't worth a single cent. you don't make a game called skullgirls add some male characters and remove the panty shots. devs, get your own game.shame on you devs"
76561198009449082,Not Recommended,245170,16143302,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,HappyPrimes,"Six button fighters like this game or Street Fighter aren't really my jam. I personally wouldn't recommend it to my friends or anything, but if you like the street fighter type of fighting games I guess give it a shot since the animation, sound, and other things are all pretty good, the gameplay just doesn't do it for me though."
,Not Recommended,245170,16153780,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Ruby,Unstable difficulty curve and tedious controlls.Only saving grace was I got it on sale.I'd personally play Sonic 06 over this and THAT is pretty sad.
,Not Recommended,245170,12997265,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,EE Should Retire From Dota,For an entry game into the fighting game genre it would have sure been nice to not expect people to play with fight sticks or game pads. Button prompts don't make any sense for keyboard players. The tutorial is nice but  there is no decent way to tell if what you are doing is correct or not just keep on trying to do the combo for 20 min and they realize that you didn't get the combo string because the button prompts don't make sense.
,Not Recommended,245170,14474184,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Snipey McQuickscopes,"Fun when you're playing against people at your level, not when you get cornertrapped and killed in 20 goddamn seconds. Animation is nice and characters are, but online matchmaking is ♥♥♥♥ing trash. 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,245170,12976894,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Llama,"I don't like Skullgirls.Whilst the tutorial and artstyle is pretty good, you really need something similar to a Sega Saturn controller to play it, as today's standard gamepads aren't particular good for eight-directional output, and using shoulder buttons as extra main buttons (not the macro buttons) is awkward at best.Here's the thing though; even with one, the game, in my opinion isn't fun. It requires a high technical amount of skill to even beat the story mode on easy (which suffers from the classical unfair final boss which most fighters have), which honestly isn't every enjoyable at all. I can't even imagine attempting to playing this online due to how high the skill floor is to play as well.All in all, from a casaul point of view, I do not recommend playing Skullgirls. However, if you are relatively experienced at fighting games and have a lot of free time, it might be worth picking this up; I suggest reading other reviews for this sort of opinion."
76561198027230925,Not Recommended,245170,12990713,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,StormSerge,"Not something I would reccomend unless you have a dedicated joystick/arcade button set and a high tolerance for frustration. It's not gamepad or keyboard friendly in the least. The artstyle is great, and the music is above-par (not that that's a high bar to reach in the videogame world, mind) but the actual gameplay has all the typical failings of the fighter genre, and even the single-player mode is rather unfriendly to all but the most competetive of fighting-game players."
,Not Recommended,245170,15193246,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,theAbominableFox,"Graphics are meh, fighting is meh, story is meh...Not worth my time and money."
,Recommended,245170,8341640,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dale,I want to fondle my♥♥♥♥♥♥with this game. I bet there is no rule 34 of this well I hope not.
,Not Recommended,245170,18288735,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,aagredano10,"It's okay, but not recommended.I can appreciate all the hard work that went into it but after buying a big fighter game like MK, I wish I could return this."
,Not Recommended,245170,23240887,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Beaten ❄ LMG,Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy this?It's got some♥♥♥♥♥♥logic.
,Not Recommended,245170,16148209,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rocky Beats,"I have no idea how to select, cancel. After I click 3 keys to try to figure out the controls it starts the game. Just a horible first time expereince, and it's sad that to play this game I would actualy have to contact their tech support. Two huge thumbs down on this one."
,Not Recommended,245170,14111222,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ickie•°,"What a shame this awesome""looking""game(i say looking only)because it's ruined completely by having to navigate through its nightmare controls set up,forget  plug+play and get straight into a game,oh no you gotta set up your controller first key by key!!wtf?is this all about?? it doesnt seem to work at all with Nvidias Shield Tablet either)which is a massive shame also,because this game could've been massive too.No point in knocking this any further,please fix those issues for people like me who,i dont mind admitting ,struggle remapping keys to controllers!i,e look@gauntlet(i know its not a fighting game)but that all done for you.load up and get straight into a game!you cant do that with this.i would so love to give this game 5* but it gets a 2 atm from me!.gutted."
76561198272715835,Not Recommended,245170,31495418,Posted: 1 May,all,rycharles6152,"I purchased this game and upon installing it the game wouldn't work. The loading screen would show for about two seconds and the game would just freeze there. I looked online for help, but nothing worked so, naturally, I tried to contact steam for help. They sent me to the website and said I could refund my product, giving me the option of either putting the money in my steam wallet or back on my Visa. I wanted to put the money on my Visa, but, little did I know, the Visa was non-reloadable. I accept full responsibility for my ignorance, but rather than contact me about it, they instead took my money and the game. Basically, Steam wasted my time with a faulty product and robbed me of the money I spent. I'm utterly baffled by the business Valve is running."
,Not Recommended,245170,10632578,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Anterk,"Skullgirls is an interesting idea that proves extremely unfriendly to anyone who isn't willing to learn long, long combo strings with which to KO an opponent in one hit. There is a counter system, but I've never gotten much use out of it. It's possible to have a fun time agianst the AI, but once you've beaten the final boss a few times there's nothing left to do but wait for new characters. The netcode is great and utlizies GGPO, but I've always found it to be acutely painful to try to take down anyone with several hours of practice. Even my worst Street Fighter losses are nothing by comparison. Buy only  if you're willing to spend hours in the arcade and training modes."
,Not Recommended,245170,16163968,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,zojoru,"I really want to like this game... it seems awesome. I'm not familiar with fighting style games, so maybe I'm just missing something...but I don't understand the controls because instead of telling you to push a button to perform an attack, it has all these ""MK HK LK JK F-YOUK"" labels on it and the tutorials just get more and more confusing....I can't even get through the tutorials without pausing to look up which attacks are which buttons on my USB Xbox controller. And sometimes, I still have no idea so I just use the keyboard or button mash to get through the tutorials....it really shouldn't be that hard. Or should it? I'm not sure.I guess I'll just stick to RPG's but this was a fun, frustrating way to spend a half hour I guess."
76561198006580639,Not Recommended,245170,14171653,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,uanime5,"This game has great art work and character design but is ridiculously difficult to play. Even the tutorials are practically impossible,If you don't have a controller expect to struggle even on the lowest difficulty settings.Finally many of the battle in story mode occur for no real reason. It's basically the character goes outside their house, fights some random girls, then fights someone plot related."
,Not Recommended,245170,17079680,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Animal Mother,good porn terrible game♥♥♥♥♥♥/10
,Not Recommended,245170,21589587,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Idisdain,"Played it for a bit went into storymode picked a char, made sure it was on easy. Ended up getting comboed to death by an ai, unclear instruction the controlls don't match the keys which is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. I finally manage to get to what appears to be the final boss of my chars story mode. Can't hit her she has perma block and her health gauge is like triple mine. Plus she starts out with 5 ultimate moves her damage is like double mine and she combos you with massive combo chains of 10+ hits. I ended up giving up and starting on sleepwalker the easiest mode guess what still just as ♥♥♥♥ing hard. Great game if you want to be repeately♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed. ass♥♥♥♥/10 Would love to make some progress but this game is stupidly hard."
76561198015128078,Not Recommended,245170,16216002,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ExcelThandok,the name is deceiving it has guys to
76561197976014259,Not Recommended,245170,16458912,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Captian Fluffypants,Unimpressive fighter with nothing special about it except cartoon girls with big boobs dressed skimpy.  Waste of money.
76561198067618761,Not Recommended,245170,19164793,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)⊃━☆ﾟ.*,"Way too mutch lag! Ping to high. would not recommed, I just saved your money :3"
76561198208164148,Not Recommended,245170,28912553,Posted: 1 January,all,TheDuckCaptain,it could be fun if i had 43000 hours to practice not getting put into infinite combos online.
,Not Recommended,245170,19432371,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,DavidGX,Censored by developers way after release. I won't be buying any more games from them.
,Not Recommended,245170,18272493,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,exanimo.tw,"This game made me realize that fighting games are something you enjoy with your heart and not your head. Whether it's the feel, the gameplay, the characters, the style, or even the music, there are innate elements to this genre that will just appeal to you and bring you back for more.Reading reviews informed my head that I would adore this game, but apparently my heart does not subscribe to button mashing and boobs."
76561198145700950,Not Recommended,245170,31311476,Posted: 22 April,all,GarraksWrath,Don't get this game unless you want to get♥♥♥♥♥raped by non-stop power moves while every move you make they block and take zero damage it's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.
,Not Recommended,245170,19642609,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,"Pinkelf[Ryshai, Holo's Daughter]",Controls really hard to understand and master well enough to do anything.
,Not Recommended,245170,16178704,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,fraterormus,"I wanted to like this game, I really, really, really did. However, I cannot recommend it. I should have known when my GF who plays brawlers 24/7 with her arcade stick rage-quit this game after 15 min that it was going to be a futile attempt in frustration for an JRPGer like me to play it on a keyboard. Sure enough, the game did not disappoint in that department. After spending 10 minutes trying to figure out how to select a menu item ('A' key, really?) and after 30 tries finally got the keys remapped to something that made a modicum of sense (i.e., like every other game's standard keyboard layout) I then started the Tutorial. Should be easy right? Tutorials are always easy. Well, 45 minutes later I realize I made it through 5 of 50 Tutorials and couldn't progress past the Blocking Tutorial. Apparently a 3 frame ""Tell"" is all that you get. That's less than 1/10th of a second, which is not enough for a human being to respond to. You basically have to blindly guess what your opponent is going to do and hope you get lucky.  So basically this game amounts to nothing more than Rock-Paper-Scissors in the guise of a brawler (which makes you memorize hundreds of complex combos unlike fighting games where you can just quickly mash buttons). I'm not impressed. So what if there are moe anime lolis with big bussoms? Seriously, I could play any of hundreds of other more satisfying games or even turn on Crunchyroll for that. If you don't have a satisfying game beyond a themed Sansukumi-ken/Roshambeaux then it's really not worth the price of admission IMHO."
76561198025532921,Not Recommended,245170,16179087,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Augustus,"Definitely not for beginners, like me, and is impossible to play at all on a keyboard. No exaggeration unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,245170,19593833,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,[SKT9]·nyzKo; tEh: trilli0naire:,i dont really like it.
,Not Recommended,245170,15471146,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Opal,"When I play a gamemode called ""sleepwalk"" I expect to be able to finish the damn story mode."
,Not Recommended,245170,9919747,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Pepethor,"This game is actually awesome. But if you are not familiar with this kind of 2d fighting games, I suggest you don't buy this one. This one is one of the ""make a mistake and watch a full lenght combo video"" kind of fighting game.+ Beautiful art.+ Nice music.+ Detailed training.- Hard to get into.- Unbalanced matchmaking.- The art doesn't support  the hardcore nature of the game."
,Not Recommended,245170,13941256,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ando,"After reading all these rave reviews I brought this game.After a fair bit of training I went and did an arcade mode on normal.As soon as the round started the AI did a super attack on me and the spammed the same attack that kept knocking me down.I quited and tried versing a different character. Same thing.I tried adjusting the difficulty to easy, same thing. Even tried it on hard and the AI did the exact same no matter who I was against.This happens all the time, I am unable to block the attacks or jump out of the way. I cannot even get a chance to fight.Also everytime I start this game my controls are all messed up on both my keyboard and 360 controller.numpad 6 is ""enter"" on my keyboardR1 is ""enter"" on my controller. What the ♥♥♥♥.I don't know if this is just on my end but I doubt cause I've never had any other problems with games from Steam.This was an incredible waste of money.  Only buy this if you are autistic or love being a submissively beaten beta, like I'm assuming the developers and fans are."
,Not Recommended,245170,30906790,Posted: 2 April,all,Spooks,"As a learner this game is the deffinition of ""not being able to play the game"". I played the tutorial. got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by an easy bot, decided hey, maybe everybodys as bad as me and played a quick match. I got perfected. How do you even learn how to play lmfao"
76561198037295515,Not Recommended,245170,11751742,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,xl0e,"As of now I do not recommend buying this game.It has solid gameplay mechanics under the hood and funny animations. Thats for sure.Tutorials and training room are very good. I can't recommend them enough.But it also has small roster. You can add 2 more characters for more than half of games price.Art direction is inconsistent. Just think about it: heavy art-decoish UI for fast-paced 2d fighter.Story mode is there and pretty standart. Just bunch of different storylines in fantasy world.Arcade mode poorly designed. Don't be surprised if you fight Filia three times in a row.Online has it's own issues. Like unpolished GUI, few people you can play with (combine this with small roster and you have to fight Cerebella five times in a row) and GGPO-related quirks.The only thing this game is good for is couch offline play with friends and bewerage of your choice. Unfortunately, there are better games for this on Steam."
,Not Recommended,245170,22984263,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ultra Kink,WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE TUTORIAL HARDER THAN THE ACTUAL GAME??
76561198063840510,Not Recommended,245170,17766362,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,tyleegoat,"The Holocaust was caused because this game's contorl settings were made. 6/10 because it looks good and seems fun, 1/10 because i literally can not change the controls without Hitler sending me to an concentration camp for 17 years."
76561197972275755,Not Recommended,245170,28567225,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,GundamRX78-2,Post release Censorship. Will not be supporting Lab Zero Games anymore.
,Not Recommended,245170,17656242,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,HydroxOwO,"If you don't have a controller don't buy the game, I tried setting my select key to enter and BAM my enter key toggles fullscreen."
,Not Recommended,245170,16529216,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Alceris,Just generally really glitchy and awful.
76561198180711170,Not Recommended,245170,33203034,Posted: 3 July,all,deadbabybooger,"what kind of backwards♥♥♥♥♥controls are these? ffs get a grip i wanna play the game, now fiddle with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t controls"
76561198029929737,Not Recommended,245170,13724331,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kimbee,If you're not a pianist then don't even bother with this game.2/10 for the nice artstyle and♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,245170,14490691,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,♥ Netorare ♥,Big Band is a man
76561197991766917,Not Recommended,245170,29472062,Posted: 24 January,all,buemmschaf,"I so wanted to like this game. Art style, music, the whole presentation really appealed to me.Now, keep in mind that I am in no way adept at fighting games. But using a Steam controller the reaction speed felt sluggish to the point of unplayability.Buttons on the controller are just terrible to set up, with such incredible designations as 'Button 1' and 'Button 8', forcing me to spend valuable time trying to find out which actual button triggers which command. An actual layout on a controller would have been extremely helpful.After trying without success to learn this game via the tutorials, I have to log it under 'a purchase I regret'."
,Not Recommended,245170,16148663,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Why dem dey name hurricane?,its like mvc3 with no deadpool;
,Not Recommended,245170,14348818,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Gooey,I want to punch the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs in the face.♥♥♥♥ the final boss fight and its stupid unfair shadow.♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,245170,16209878,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,･*.✡(■ل͟■)✡.*･,I played six hours before it became boring.it's a great fighter but if you aren't a fan of fighters its not for you.
76561198074050112,Not Recommended,245170,15420212,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,GingerViking,what a terrible game. -.- wish i had the money instead!
76561198086614555,Not Recommended,245170,25938705,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nostalgic,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Unless you are a proffessional at fighting games this is a complete waste of valuble time and money.By ""proffessional"" I do not mean ""Once I played Mortal Combat"" I mean you are a master at games like this, and have nothing else to do."
76561198041756601,Not Recommended,245170,23856114,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,JiiPee,"Very, very shortly:I'll be honest here, I bought the game because it has boobs and fighting mechanics.But it turned out that Boobs alone aren't enough for me to like the game, because the game lacked quantiy so badly that I was through with it in one hour or two. Plus I didn't really like the fighting mechanics, but that's just me.Pros:+ Cool looking special moves, if you know how to do them that is+ High skill cap+ Honestly, who doesn't like boobs & booty?  ;)Cons:- Fighting mechanics, but that's just for me- Poor story mode- There's not much content- Too flashy special moves sometimes, makes it hard to see what's happening on the screenDo I recommend:Even though I really liked the art style in this game, the outer appearance means nothing if the game lacks content. Buy it only if you're really into fighting games.Verdict: 4.5 / 10 - Slightly below average game(1 = do-not-bother game5 = average game10 = must own game)"
76561198011502457,Not Recommended,245170,16186793,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,v48e12 (Insane by culture),terible fighting gameand the xbox controler only makes it worse
,Recommended,245170,9338898,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Crayonman 8K: Tax Audit Quest,"Sure, it's only got 9, soon 10 characters, and it's a bit broken at times... But this is a pretty fun game if you can get past it's flaws."
,Not Recommended,245170,17540688,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,doujin girl,this game is called skullGIRLS i mistakenly thought it would be a cool fight game for the downtrodden sex but i was WRONG
76561197996600320,Not Recommended,245170,16938405,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Fallbranch,at no point did it specify you'd need a controller to play
,Not Recommended,245170,16485936,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,JuBBeri,this game is only for swetty nerds who likes anime boobs 0/5 not worth of money
76561198073033630,Not Recommended,245170,28558415,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Vice,I cannot handle even the ♥♥♥♥ING MENU. I'm not patient at all since I cannot pass the BASICS WHY CANT IT HAVE A FINE CONFIG FOR KEYBOARD? WE BOUGHT THIS DAMN GAME ON A PC PLATFORM! WHY ALL THE CONTROLS ARE SO ♥♥♥♥ED??
,Not Recommended,245170,22363149,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,°•⎝👽⎠ ᒪOᑌᑎᗩ ⎝👽⎠•°,"Another dev who follow the absurd ""absolute edition"", ""couldn't do a proper version or that's what i pretend to say"", ""let's copy/paste a game to milk cash"", ""too lazy to make a new game so just ruin our reputation by adding repetitive DLC"", ""let's act like releasing the game wasn't being definitive so just release a new definitive because definitive has lost all its sense"" crap.Was  the brainstorm with the team too full of fart ideas?Or it's just another decision to milk out your fans?Your multiples crownfunding campaign weren't enough despite being much over the top goal?I guess it is more simple to take your customers like if they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and milk them even more.And a devs explain in the forum that it would make the game crash if you don't own X or Y DLC so they did a mashup of DLC that most already paid to explain that?Yeah right... was too hard to make an APPID verification that bring your the missing DLC page in the overlay? Better lying on your capacity of making a such simple thing that is so easy to make for any dev who's working with Steamwork capabilities.Good job at ruining your IP reputation. Oh and funny thing is that they censored their own game instead of supporting their own game content? And after you tell me they got ""definitive"" with this new ""definitive"" edition? LOL"
,Not Recommended,245170,26365707,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,KingC,"This game is just button smashing gameRefundedI cannot find any people playing mutiplayer as well!Yet,the girls are hot"
,Not Recommended,245170,13671180,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mejwell,Game drawn by horned up male teens FOR horned up male teens! As as promoter and member of horned up male teens I can do nothing but recommend this product
,Not Recommended,245170,11942156,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,consequentialGamer,"Maybe I just suck but this game is extremely hard, even with a controller. Going through the tutorial didn't help much either considering none of the button commands are labelled for keyboard or controller; they're labelled with things like ""HK"" and ""LK"""
76561198057029003,Not Recommended,245170,13850522,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DeeLaek,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bindings.
,Not Recommended,245170,13731183,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Richard ☝🏻Spencer,"It's a fighting game so it's bad, where the basic is objective is to get your opponent in the corner and keep spamming the same moves to win every round. I don't understand the appeal of this horrible genre"
76561198064718817,Not Recommended,245170,33203883,Posted: 3 July,all,Cyppress,"I opened the game for the first time, joined 1 quick match, and got combo'd so hard i couldnt move at all for the entire match, happened for the next 4 games in a row. Im done"
,Not Recommended,245170,31028351,Posted: 8 April,all,dolan,played for like an hour n got bored.  game's boring.
76561197990672067,Not Recommended,245170,11973570,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Rollandusa,"needs more female fighters, voices, background .... game is short of replay...get it when goes on sale"
,Not Recommended,245170,12985748,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SMYRN1A,"4/10+ Very fun to play, graphics and gameplay is very smooth and quality- Software optimisation, menu design, sounds, controls are bad for me. Street Fighter is better choice than this game."
,Not Recommended,245170,10744812,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Hip Whip Girl,"This game is pretty and fun so far, but only a few fights in gets me to the Skullgirl boss fight? Not sure yet if this is the final boss for the story mode, just it was super fast and relatively easy to get to her and then she's super difficult... difficulty spikes be damned... Not sure how much I'll be playing this game, but I do like the characters (yes, and the eye candy), just doesn't seem that special of a fighting game... I'll leave the review with a thumbs down only because of the difficulty spike and my lack of enthusiasm to come back and play the game. When I finally do play more I may change my review."
,Not Recommended,245170,33824031,Posted: 26 July,all,toothpjcks1,i didnt like it
,Not Recommended,245170,12324858,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,「Medicine」,Big Band is not a girl
,Not Recommended,245170,13705895,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,zero,don't bother the movements are too slow don't waste your time
,Not Recommended,245170,34130467,Posted: 9 August,all,(_)_):::::::::D~~~,"Without a fightstick or whatever, this game instantly outs you at a disadvantage, I've mapped most keys comfortably but then during tutorials the game throws some random button at me that I don't know, it's impossible to do most combos on a keyboard and the game is pretty unplayable.But hey these girls are cute."
,Not Recommended,245170,16142639,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PSI Magnet α,"I thought it was going to be an all-girls fighting game based on the name ""Skullgirls"", but now they've added male characters so ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198118683698,Not Recommended,245170,30845061,Posted: 30 March,all,Anna Rexia,"Guily Gear for casuals with awfully structured controls.Community deserves a mention. Toxicity and lack of common sence represented in comment section of this revew, i guess, reflects multiplayer experience good enough."
76561198062834877,Not Recommended,245170,12471244,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Frank(is),Unless you have a reciever for a controller dont buy this game the keyboard sucks♥♥♥♥♥and if you buy it have a reciever but other than that the game is great.
76561198090521951,Not Recommended,245170,23279283,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ridiculous Inflatable Swan Thing,"if you like having no idea about the controls, with the tutorial giving you no information at all, then this is the perfect game for you! also, if you play it with an xbox controller, the keys are totally messed up and have completely different names"
76561198074881677,Not Recommended,245170,29496296,Posted: 25 January,all,百式 Gold Edition,"I waste my money on♥♥♥♥♥♥like Skullgirls all the time. Learn from my mistake, since I'm unable to. Instead of purchasing Skullgirls, I could have bought a box of Coco Crispies. That's about 8 full mornings of bliss; a feeling which this game will never give me. The time I've invested in Skullgirls could have been better spent smashing eggs on my head and then washing yoke out of my hair."
,Not Recommended,245170,10512229,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,martini steve,"if you've been on the fence about whether or not to buy this game allow me to helpskullgirls is a fighting game that can be anything  from 1v1 to 3v3 battlesevery character has a unique playstyle and are super balanced and ♥♥♥♥ you mike z you piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥your ♥♥♥♥ing meme game is single-handedly ruining fighting games this unbalanced 9gag game is terrible and you should be ashamedthe characters are very vivid and beautifully animated each with their own defining ♥♥♥♥ you mike z i hate youwhere skullgirls truly shines, however, is in its unique and rewarding combo system where players can this game is broken and not fun dont buy itoverall, this is game is a definite must-have for fighting gamers new and old 10/10"
76561198083389091,Not Recommended,245170,11733646,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,jaredbraunberger,"This came is crappy i would not recomend it fore any one, the normal levle is verry verry dificult, and sleep walk witch is suposed to be the easiest is no easier,  Dificulty aside, their is absolutly no controller suport, at least not with my Logiteck 300 or my X box 360 controller  i can not in any good concesness recomend this game, i have played my fighting games before and this is in the negitive on a scale of one to ten."
,Not Recommended,245170,29310049,Posted: 16 January,all,Slow,i sure had fun with the 8 characters in this Fighting Game
,Not Recommended,245170,28134321,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Bespectacled Girl,colton plays beowulf and i dislike that about him.
,Not Recommended,245170,24106411,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Frunderman,No
,Not Recommended,245170,6315861,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Chris Swaggio,Cartoon bewbs was not worth the money!
76561198085765461,Not Recommended,245170,10520313,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Akimoho Miyuchi,"this game is not for keyboard, spam combos, though it is fun to play single or with a friend but most certainly not with compition. the game is beautiful it self. its not really enjoyably due to the people online. the game does provide help but most fighters here are just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. they spam, they corner you, they stop all combos and demolish you in no time flat. all short complaing, this is a game ment to be played with friends. to many spammers and bad blocking that can ruin the match. bad game, bad!"
76561198199643373,Not Recommended,245170,33420536,Posted: 9 July,all,nippertipper100,"i hate fighting games, this is too hard"
,Not Recommended,245170,7796774,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sazada,"A very fun fighting game. Most of the characters seem to be very well-balanced, and they all have interesting designs. The controls are good with keyboard or controller, though in my experience, it's a bit awkward to pull off some of the blockbusters with a keyboard, as you can input the keys too quickly. There are a lot of good things I could say about Skullgirls.HOWEVER, even with all this polish and how good I think the game is, I now have a personal problem with how the health works. In a recent patch, the health system is similar to that of Killer Instinct's(2013 version on XBone). When someone dies in a 1v1 fight, their health DOES NOT reset to full, giving the other person a clear advantage, as they will be reset to full for the next round. This system, in my honest opinion, is ♥♥♥♥ING. TERRIBLE. This applies to everything; story, arcade, and Online play. If you were thinking of buying this game to play online, then I would recommend you stay away from it and get a different fighting game, like Street Fighter x Tekken or something. The online community is filled with people that infinitecombo and isn't very friendly to beginners, even with Lobby play."
,Not Recommended,245170,34227716,Posted: 13 August,all,Trombe,They retroactively censored it.Avoid at all costs.
,Not Recommended,245170,25541061,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zach Partain,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, wish I could refund it."
,Not Recommended,245170,29488849,Posted: 25 January,all,Croatian Identitarian,"I mean, I got it as a gift, so I shouldn't be too harsh, but this game is pretty empty and gets boring fast. The single player is like, 7 battles or something, without anything new, each character is at the same difficulty, and the story is pretty cheap. As for the multiplayer, same stuff. Boring af. I don't get these games at all. The game is ""overwhelmingly"" positive, so I guess people like this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,245170,9975269,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,>:3 Robo_Leader,"A superb fighting game that feels like a blend of Marvel VS Capcom and Street Fighter 3 which is almost completely undone by crass character designs. At this point I'm just using Big Band (whose design is fantastic) simply because half of the cast is too visually offensive in one way or another.I want to mod it to clean up the worst offenders (Valentine's win pose in particular disgusts me) but it seems that any attempts to change the character sprites renders the game unplayable.I can't recommend Skullgirls. I -can- recommend ""Big Band VS Overblown Sex Appeal"", which is the game I play."
76561198065835974,Not Recommended,245170,9200212,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,D3viantAssassin,"The characters and the fighting are good, heaps of combinations to choose from, the only major letdown is the control system. The control system is confusing and if you change it, it sometimes doesn't allow you to reset it no matter what button you press. Avoid the button mapping ""all config button"" at all costs! Now when i hit the ""select button"" to restore the defaults nothing happens and it just takes me back to the home screen! So i haven't been able to restore the defaults and now the controls are all over the joint because the select button doesn't work (which is normally z but in my case it is f). So the select button for me doesn't select but rather returns me to a previous screen. This would of had amazing potential if it wasn't for the messed up control system. I think i might uninstall this game because I cant seem to restore the default controls which is very frustrating indeed. What i waste of 15 dollars."
76561198037110458,Not Recommended,245170,29732692,Posted: 5 February,all,$E@ Fo@M $n@kE,This game is utter garbage!  i was able to get the the last guy by just smashing  evey butten on my controller! Some weird floating person it was.  The controlls are like those street fighty games! You know the ones where if you want to do all the good moves you have to press some obscure butten combo? You should never use the  bumpers buttens to attack! And i can't even block because it's not attaced to a shoulder bumper. Don't buy this game. I was able to get it for free but it's not even  even HALF of one key.
76561198046506794,Not Recommended,245170,26052116,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,lazydaisy,Do not buy. Controls suck
76561198043454943,Not Recommended,245170,9034013,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,^6Yuuki Hamasaki,Only get this game if you are sure you like it and can play it. It`s really hard and the multipayer future never works..or at least I cant find anyone
,Not Recommended,245170,9973400,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,hmm ???,"if u dont like fighting games, dont get it."
,Not Recommended,245170,33145487,Posted: 2 July,all,Ryabchik,Meh
,Not Recommended,245170,8058903,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,bobsled,"if you have severe autism and like practicing and perfecting gigantic chains of overly complicated moves, then this game is for you. If you've played any of the other 2d fighting games and didn't like it, you're not going to like this.Online immediatly boils down to combos and who lands the first hit. I hope you enjoy getting slammed before you even know what's going on.probably my fault because i didn't spend 30 hours in training WHOOPSi bet this is fun if you like fighting games but if you don't just spend the 15 bux on some heroin instead and trip balls in an elementary schoolalso bewbs"
,Not Recommended,245170,35035623,Posted: 17 September,all,Boy,"This game is good and good for one think only, porn skin offs.It stinkskcontrols badgay!smelly indeed."
76561198027474271,Not Recommended,245170,7972924,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Izuna Drops,I'd probably put time into learning this if Mike Z didn't patch the game every 15 minutes.
,Not Recommended,245170,7788518,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Derek,"Do not buy this garbage. It is the worst fighting game i have ever played in my life. The game trys to use sexual appeal to get fat nerds to buy it. Half the characters are cheap and the other half are pointless. Online is unplayable with too many people spamming cheap tactics, 999 hit combos, and only picking the same 3 characters. There are barely any modes in this game, only 8 default characters with the rest as dlc, and no customization to be had in this trash game.The art style is also made to appeal to fat nerds who like anime and its really poorly made, with characters looking like they lack frames of animation.If you combo someone, they get super meter faster than you which makes no sense and is just there to give noobs a way to easily win. The story is told in slideshows that are not voiced and feel like no effort was put into them at all. There is one character that doesn't even fit into the game because she was made to be a cartoon character and she's just completely unfitting in a game without cartoon physics.This game gets a 3/10"
,Not Recommended,245170,28578829,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blue,"I saw this game on sale, wanting to get it for a while and I thought ""Hey, I'll read up on it"" It advertises that it's good for newbies to fighting games, which I am.IT IS NOT.It has all these buttons which don't even make ♥♥♥♥ing sense. In short, NOT FOR NEW PEOPLE IN THE FIGHTING GENREGoing back to the best fighting game, Smash Bros..."
,Not Recommended,245170,8802254,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,idiot fucker,some cute girls
,Not Recommended,245170,18856944,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Kralion,"This game had panty shots. Nobody found any trouble with them until the developer changed the animations. Their reasons are, and I quote, ""...not made to appeal to a ratings board or anything like that. The desire to make changes was internal...""Yeah, right.I will never support developers removing features from a product that has already been sold. No matter how small or insignificant it is. Take your money somwhere else."
,Not Recommended,245170,7842034,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,zeekstey,"15:44 - Thuric ♥: What a suprais15:45 - Thuric ♥: Protip, Peacock is all about zoning15:46 - Thuric ♥: Her strengths are not rushdown15:46 - Thuric ♥: You have to shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥at me and keep me the ♥♥♥♥ away from your♥♥♥♥♥15:46 - Zeekstey!: sounds cheap15:46 - Zeekstey!: people usually hate charcter like these15:46 - Thuric ♥: Her tutorial literally tells you you're supposed to be annoying15:48 - Thuric ♥: Honestly, I suck too much at Skullgirls I think15:48 - Thuric ♥: Nobody would want to see some guy getting♥♥♥♥♥♥on15:48 - Thuric ♥: And I haven't played TF2 in ages15:48 - Zeekstey!: well yeah15:48 - Thuric ♥: I could pub there but eh15:48 - Zeekstey!: one combo in infinite loop15:48 - Zeekstey!: so skill15:48 - Thuric ♥: I actually can't do it15:49 - Thuric ♥: A) the game has a mechanic to prevent loops, B) I don't have the timing which means you could've blocked your way out of that15:50 - Zeekstey!: blcok15:50 - Zeekstey!: whats dat15:50 - Thuric ♥: Your tool to not lose horribly15:50 - Zeekstey!: i was trying to punish you instead15:50 - Thuric ♥: You can't punish if you don't block my unsafe attacks first15:51 - Zeekstey!: fighting games are much fun to watch15:51 - Zeekstey!: than play for me15:51 - Zeekstey!: i know so much about them15:51 - Zeekstey!: but never play them15:51 - Thuric ♥: Sounds gay"
76561198097563119,Not Recommended,245170,30949284,Posted: 4 April,all,PuncH,♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME SPRITES WERE GOOD BUT ALL CHARACTERS HIT STUNS ARE GARBAGE AND VERY BADLY TIMED DEVELOPER NEEDS TO KILL HIM SELF HAD NO FUN AND THE TOTURIALS WERE UNFORGIVING THE MATHCMAKING WAS ALOST BAD THE SERVERS ARE VERY LAGGY GET THIS AG< E WHEN IT GET GUD
,Not Recommended,245170,8125661,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Niko Bellic,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
,Not Recommended,245170,886097,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,baja gaijin,"God ♥♥♥♥ing damnit I wish this genre were in better shape so that people didn't defend this or SFIV as ""good"" titles within it."
,Not Recommended,245170,10080467,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lemonade,*presses buttons randomly* hahahahahahaha im pro
,Not Recommended,245170,33423479,Posted: 9 July,all,Filthy Bunzo,Street Fighter Rip-Off
,Not Recommended,245170,8722245,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Giovanni,This game is terrible but I got a badge for it anyway.
,Not Recommended,245170,30881250,Posted: 1 April,all,M⌬rtius,Controls not registering properly to my Xbox 360 controller. Avoid.
,Not Recommended,245170,12562278,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,HACKED BY JO291,bought it for the naked ladies but there are no naked ladies :(
,Recommended,245170,10695016,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Arborus,"God, I'm horrible at fighting games.Animations are beautiful and the general aesthetic is pretty awesome. Characters are likeable and unique."
,Recommended,245170,10796282,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,rocknrollclwn,"Came for the girls stayed for the skull mashing, hehe...he..."
,Recommended,245170,10797046,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,David Cop-a-Feel™,What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said? It has great fighting mechanics for the tournament players and the button mashers. Crazy combos and attacks. Buttery smooth animations. Upskirt shots. The whole 2D fighter package. And when on sale - it's a steal!A solid fighting game with stylish presentation. 8/10 FØX_GIVEN
76561198029740572,Recommended,245170,10798953,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AmazonKevin,"If you're a fan of fighting games, smooth animation and challenging opponents, you'll like Skullgirls. Its tutorials are accessible to hardcore and newcomers alike, teaching the basics of fighting game strategies as well as advanced mechanics and terms. Highly recommended."
76561197997799066,Recommended,245170,10791204,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Μπριτζόλας,Really impressed from the game. Reminds me old school figthing games. Highly recommended
,Recommended,245170,10775249,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mandy,"This game features more wrist action than I ever had before. Apply a cool damp cloth after each match (if you're fast enough) because this game is fast-paced and deadly. The ""fun"" part comes next. Pretty much one of the funnest games I've played."
,Recommended,245170,10777014,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Man From The Stars,This is a must get for any fighting fan out there. Plenty of memorable characters and awesome music. The fighting is fantastical!
,Recommended,245170,10731032,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Addwon,"This game is pretty nice for the following reasons:+ nice graphic+ all characters have a different move set+ nice artwork  and  backgrounds  =)+ the story mode is quite good with a quite okay story for a beat´em up+And the best point is the trainingsmode, where you can easy learn a character and her/his movesets =)I enjoyed the game while playing  it is a lot of fun i just can recommend it. AH yeah and boobies hhehehe"
,Recommended,245170,10779241,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The_Dooms,"SKULLGIRLS IS AWESOME, play it NOW"
,Recommended,245170,10719429,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,MaxTheFoxx,"Great fighting game with exelent characters and art style, good story for most character too"
76561198069431692,Recommended,245170,10732921,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wojtek,"I have to say, for an indy fighting game, its very well put together. Smoth conrtols and a fighting system that is not hack and slash dependent. Getting it on sale was an even greater plus, but a serious buy for anyone who enjoys a fighting game but doesn't want to pay street fighter prices"
,Recommended,245170,10738884,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,nawtacop,"Great game, with solid fighting mechanics and interesting characters. Absolutely unplayable without a controller though, a keyboard and mouse setup just won't cut it."
76561198043537833,Recommended,245170,10822925,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Good Cop,Fantastic little fighting game. Plays similar to the VS capcom games.
76561198018051531,Recommended,245170,10827318,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Gnasty Flow,I suck at fighting games. Easiest difficulty kicked my♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,10819349,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Miju 水,Titan Knuckle
,Recommended,245170,10819454,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lunchboxaus,"This is a great game for what it is worth! It is very well designed and great to play with a couple of friends, the only downfall is they should implament some sort of tag team gamemode with friends, but over all good game 7.5/10"
,Recommended,245170,7668848,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,[Shin0bu],"A good fighter with a well-balanced set of cute characters. It's doesn't stop there, though. It's basic format can get your hands wet for all others, while it stays smooth and consistant. And, though it's combat and combos are easy to get the hang of, it also holds it's own as being tough to fully master. If you enjoy UMvC3 or MK, then this  may be a game you should check out."
76561198003626705,Recommended,245170,8620281,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Detective Oden,"Each ArcadeFightings' fan knows, that it is a rare occasion, when new and good game appears.But this one is that rarity.Absolutely amazing design, soundtracks and wellthought balance - what else do you need to enjoy a game? Maybe multiplayer? Check that one, it is pretty damn simple and good! Even though there are some problems finding an opponent with a stable ping in some reions.What does it resemble? SF and GG series, for sure. But is it bad for a ""newcomer""-game to be on the same level as the legends of this genre?Summary: 90/100, the game is fun to play, wish it had more playable characters."
76561198022088968,Recommended,245170,7860461,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,somedude1013,"There is sooo much to say about this game but i'll try to keep this short and simple1. Gameplay: The gameplay welcomes both newbies with fighting games by providing a training mode to practice what moves do what and to see all the blockbusters (AKA supers) that each character has, and veterans to fighting games by practicing combos, speaking of which the combo system is INSANE, by providing the ability to go over 100 hit combos, but back to the practice mode, veteran can practice their hit marks by applying hit boxes, blocking only, etc., with the inclusion of a menu saying how much damage a certain move does, how long said move stuns the player, how much health the player has, all that good stuff.2. Characters: Each character in the game has their own story mode and can be playable in arcade mode. The game has 8 characters which is very little for a fighting game, but the game is getting DLC characters with their own story mode, one of which has already been fully released (AKA Squigly). Each character has their own attributes, Peacock is a projectile type character, Cerebella does more damage but slower than some others, Double has the ability to morph into other characters and yeah.3. Story: Story is simple, there is a heart called the Skullheart that can grant any girl a wish, but one that has a impure soul turns into a rage maniac called the Skullgirl, which one has been turned into one, it's up to one of the 8 (9 if you include the DLC character) to get to the Skullgirl and Skullheart4. Music: If you’re a fan of jazzy tunes, then the music is up your alley. The music is composed by Michiru Yamane, the same person that did the Castlevania: Symphony of the Night soundtrack, so if you’re a fan of that, you might be a fan of this.5. Art: If you are an artist then you will love this. Each character frames is singly animated, which means roughed drawn, polished, and then colored. The art of the game is supposed to resemble a ""Dark Deco"" style art.6. Multiplayer: The multiplayer has modes such as lobbies for the group that wants to fight each other or a quick match mode for those who wants as it says, a quick match.Final Thoughts: This game is a great starter for anyone who wants to get into fighting games and it also appeals to veterans by adding a really good combo system. The only downside of the game is the lack of characters which I hope Lab Zero will add more, and they will because it says so in the feature DLC section in the game description. All and all, it’s a good game that you should pick up and have a go."
76561198045732581,Recommended,245170,8903951,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Prolix,"Smooth controls,beautiful artstyle,amazing animation,awesome music,interesting characters and the list goes on. This game has quickly become my favourite fighter to date!"
,Recommended,245170,18689016,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,King Stink,﻿Ｉ   Ｗ Ａ Ｎ Ｔ   Ｔ Ｏ   Ｆ Ｕ Ｃ Ｋ   Ｃ Ｅ Ｒ Ｅ Ｂ Ｅ Ｌ Ｌ Ａ
76561198093554470,Recommended,245170,18900915,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,daniellopez1724,It's good.  I like it
76561198066278260,Recommended,245170,18823554,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,MaRparido,Pretty good!
76561198109730854,Recommended,245170,18859687,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,FrostBite,This is a very fun fighting game and it is really occupying!!
76561198042015920,Recommended,245170,18851689,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,sensualtouching,"First off, I dont like fighting games. I can never seem to get into the gameplay and I am terrible at pulling off combos and moves in the most basic of forms, and as soon as you introduce a bit of difficulty Its GG. I love this game. It has a fluid yet simple combat/moveset that creates an interesting moveset for each character with the inputs being universal for simple moves. No ability feels extremly confusing and allows a novice to fighting games to be able to pick it up rather quickly and enjoy the game without having to spend hours trying to get the gameplay down. A great introductory fighting game. On the negative side the plot for each character feels bland as can be with each segment of diologue acting as a segway to the next fighter rather than plot development. Limited standard picks without having DLC (though some are free from time to time) but compared to other fighting games a lackluster roster. Overall the cons do not weight down the fun to be had for the low price that it demands. would definitly reccomend."
,Recommended,245170,18846128,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,☹emotionalsquad☹,I suck at 2D Fighters but I can't stop playing this. Soundtrack is perfect.
,Recommended,245170,18853572,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Roy,valentine is best girl
,Recommended,245170,18856125,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Yuuta Kimahri,"The most beautiful 2D sprite/3D background fighting game to date, highly recommended for people who is new into this genre."
,Recommended,245170,17437005,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ｇａｍｅｓｔｏｐ,"It combines great combos , unforgivable metas and anime boobs and butts into one fantastic adopted child of a game."
,Recommended,245170,4314954,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Albire,"If you like fighters, I'd definitely suggest checking this one out. It has beautiful art and fluid 6 button fighting for a solid experience.<3"
,Recommended,245170,18971492,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,P.,☇ A Lot of Hits Combos ☇★ Fun and Drama Story ★♡ So Cute Characters ♡...♪♪♪ Awesome Soundtrack ♪♪♪
,Recommended,245170,16236220,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,レンシノミヤ (RenShinomiya),"i gotta say, this game is one of the best fighting games on steam. it even had waifus, what more can you ask for?but, don't ever select versus quick game in your first time playing, you will regret it, i did that and i saw my waifu (which is Filia, Cerebella & Parasoul) got beaten up to 100+ combos.and i already tested it with both keyboard and controller, the result is..... i gotta say that controller is better. because you may (and will) find yourself spamming all those directional button on the keyboard to use the blockbuster moves.yeah, that's all folks. See you In Game.10/10 would see my waifu got beaten again"
,Recommended,245170,18977051,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Rl'ycoteph,people are mad because some animations were made slightly less fanservice-y
76561198244889036,Recommended,245170,18993948,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,BlueOwl,"This game is so fun. If you like 2D fighters, you will love this. The versus combat system has some unique tag team options that are very customizable. The story mode is good too. I love the jazzy laid back feel of this game. It’s really cool how you can change the announcers voice and some of the characters. I also highly recommend the costume pack, tons of color variations."
76561198131166157,Recommended,245170,16191476,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,*-*,"This game is interesting, but 4 characters are with DLS :D"
,Recommended,245170,19329610,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Cell Head,"Beautifully animated, well put together and deceptively addicting. It's a hell of a good time and probably the best fighting game i've ever played"
76561198083517209,Recommended,245170,19334209,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,nutsohappy,Fighting Anime/Cartoon style made this game awesome!Even the story isn't clearly for every character (would like to have more :)It's a well game! :)
76561198173997646,Recommended,245170,19353666,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,ICE,Pretty cool mechanics.
76561198175194702,Recommended,245170,19426879,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kana,"Skullgirls is one of my personal favorite fighting games I still play. I love each characters unique move set, and all the man hours went into the hand drawn animation."
,Recommended,245170,19400938,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,stinky,I play it for the gameplay I promise.
76561198145257083,Recommended,245170,29552253,Posted: 28 January,all,SGT.Sharkle,"i once saw this in a game informer magazine while i was 9, i was like ""what is this game?"" and i never really saw it again, until 5 years later i looked on steam and found it again! i bought it after remembering that i read it in said magazine and i got instantly hooked. amazing in depth tutorial, great graphics, great sound quality, amazing music, and easy to learn but hard to master gameplay. i would totally recommend this game at its current price point, as it is amazing."
,Recommended,245170,16984826,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Peepo,I love this game! So well done and you can play it at most conventions!
76561198084839444,Recommended,245170,16985420,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hikari,"I love this game so much! It's got awesome elements from fighting games, as well as some easter eggs, and with amazing sprites, catchy music, and voice acting from the best of Anime, what more could you want"
76561198094868399,Recommended,245170,16216128,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Canadian Immigrant,"My Experience So FarSo far the game is in my opinion is like street fighter. I've only played for 2 hours and I feel like I've done it all (even though I haven't)ProsFun fightingInteresting graphicsStory for each characterNice dialogue (interacts with the people you fight)Great for passing timeNice DLCConsControlls are made for the 6 button pads made for fighting gamesBetter with controllerBetter with friendsOverall ViewThis is a fun game that will occupy you, you will have at least about 8 hours of gameplay (if you dont really enjoy the game) However I do not think it is worth $15 and I suggest you buy it on sale along with all the DLC. Overall I give this game a 8/10 Fun but sometimes short."
,Recommended,245170,624783,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,FullBitGamer,"Coming from a Street Fighter fan since Sega Genesis (yea, I played them all even the craptastic EX's) and also HATING Marvel vs Capcom, This game is awesome!It has the modern simplicity of button based combos that do not require tons of stick motion, with stick based specials and supers. It is in a way like crossing Street Fighter 3: Third Strike and Mortal Kombat with a splash of vs Capcom.I haven't had this much genuine FUN since I was a kid playing Capcom vs SNK 2 with my best friends all night!"
,Recommended,245170,16986250,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Burmunchie,"If I try really hard, I can beat Nightmare mode versus the AIBut my Win/Loss ratio in online rankings is about 1/15AI sucks, or humans OP?Not sure.In all honesty, a highly recommendable game. It's a fighter that is complex enough for fans of the genre and simple enough for newer guests. The music is alright, the jokes are funny (ESPECIALLY if you like puns), and it's just good.Mostly balanced, although some of the non-free DLC characters are a bit cheap. Big Band is notorious for an excessively spammable move, even.Story/Lore is nice, if not a bit complex (there is technically no canon, basically)Also, there are noticable boobs, but ignorable. So if you have a thing against sexualization, it's still ok, and if you like big anime tiddies, well GREAT!10-0.5 for slight pay-to-win-0.5 for misc (boobs, plot)9/10"
,Recommended,245170,17003783,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Exodis,"If you think beating Marie in Nightmare mode is diffuclt, wait until you fight other people. THEY are the nightmare."
,Recommended,245170,17008925,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Towelie,No amount of words can describe how fun this game is.
,Recommended,245170,17033393,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,PansyAssGoat,Hot and fun. Enough said.
,Recommended,245170,17042096,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AciaranB,Demolished my combo-using friend by button-mashing. 10/10.
76561198138680407,Recommended,245170,17050335,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TheDoctor64,Responsibility is cool but there’s more things in life like getting your♥♥♥♥♥♥rode all ♥♥♥♥ing night
76561198157991915,Recommended,245170,17051879,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,ChefWaffles,"Plot. Such big jiggly plot. In all seriousness though, its a great fighter."
,Recommended,245170,17053571,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Zakucat,"I'm gonna be honest, i actually really enjoy this game, lemme tell you whyThe dialogue is filled with more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ memes than a best of 9Gag collection, yet someone sets them up with just enough placement to actually get a chuckles worth. All this and a whole lotta references, innuendo, banter, and a set of voice actors that really sound like they had fun making their character.The gameplay i'd be brutally honest isn't as grand or complicated as other fighters out there, but then i suppose that's an appealing thing to those not used to the whole input system 'jazz'. And would be yards more fun than playing SSF4 on very easy over and over. I would prefer a combo break system in this for at least the 10 hit mark, but that's just preference i suppose if you're able to dish out a 30 hit combo then good on you. Bit annoying when the AI goes ballistic by chance and takes your health bar on a trip to it's private hotel room.Art-wise this is gorgeous, hand drawn sprites in it's own unique, memorable style. Lovely and smooth. (That includes the lavish helpings of enticing proportions, hey i aint complaining)Music is a catchy mix of jazz and swing, good stuff mane.The final thing i like is that the ingame world feels fleshed out, and the characters have a solid purpose to their fights without I AM HERO GOOD GUY it's always a personal thing, the conflicts always pan out to be something interesting, and  all the endings leave a different after taste so to speak, but satisfying after hearing Marie scream KNOW YOUR  PLACE 800 times."
,Recommended,245170,17062573,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Firetoy465,"This game is so much more fun than any other 2-d fighting game, I highly recommend this. I like the characters , they all have their own personality and humor."
76561198084811625,Recommended,245170,17067085,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Squigly,"This game is great, it is a bit diffrent from other fighting games but I like better this way then the the others."
76561198025928227,Recommended,245170,17068570,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,MeoWind,"One of my favorite fighting game of all time, the skills works the same way as street fighter and the cartoony graphics are awesomes and really well made.the only cons would be :- You almost HAVE TO own a gamepad.- Online play is really unforgiving for newbies, either you match with someone that is pretty much as strong as you, or you end up against someone that can infinite combo your face and you'll not be able to even come close to hit them....Anyway this game is awesome and you should buy it if you like street fighter style games and cartoons.ps : I played it for more then 15 hours at the time I'm posting this and I still can't hit people in online mode even tho I have beaten the game multiples time on the hardest difficulty... YES ! That's how unforgiving it is."
,Recommended,245170,17013542,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Delicate Genius,"amazing art work, amazing controls, and a some-what iffy cpu. still its one of my favorite fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,17273981,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,King Graham,"I personally had no interest in playing Skullgirls. Then I got introduced to it by a close friend. This game is great, and I don't regret the purchase."
,Recommended,245170,17295517,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,elrealjefe,Very fast-paced fighting game with a unique art style and beautiful visuals. Get it if you love fighting games.
76561198091429635,Recommended,245170,17301921,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,The Turbo Virgin,This game turned me into a furry. Thanks Lab Zero.
,Recommended,245170,19326212,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Dragula Slammer,yo man itz good as♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,19325331,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Benny,"Fighting games enthusiasts will absolutely love this game. it gets way better when you git gud sun and you manage to get the infinite combos. this♥♥♥♥♥♥will harden your♥♥♥♥♥for fighting games. the training mode is very vast with hitboxes, slow motion, grid, hitstun bars and way more so it's not too hard to get the hang of the game. maybe the only bad thing about this game is the tiny roster.♥♥♥♥ beowulf pickers. butt♥♥♥♥ them"
,Recommended,245170,19383826,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,☹Ᵽσηкσ⁹⁶☹,(Insert hilarious joke about you buying the game only for the fanservice xddddd)
,Recommended,245170,19370583,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,PhillDSX,"I totally loved this game, so glad I decided to actually get Steam and buy it. The fighting engine is amazing and it's not impossible to work with, the designs are beautiful, the music is great and the story is pretty entertaining!Totally recommend it!"
76561198202297664,Recommended,245170,19311045,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Hickit,Yes.
,Recommended,245170,18875581,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,dezukan,pantsu
76561197984896628,Recommended,245170,19397378,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DeargSleepyFox,"Graphics: <=D,  Sound: <=D,  Control: <=D,  FunFactor: <=D,  Challenge: ADVOW: CuteRecommendatIon: Play this game! and Support their new endeavor:https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/indivisible-rpg-from-the-creators-of-skullgirls#/"
76561198056073023,Recommended,245170,19392392,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,ChubbySniper,This game is da best like 10/10 best fighting game.
76561198190126474,Recommended,245170,19397565,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TKSan,Good Game nothing more to say.
,Recommended,245170,19436750,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,God,"I don't like fighting games for being too repetitive, but somehow this game has caught my attention. It really catered to luckless losers like me I guess.9/10"
,Recommended,245170,19446496,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,EchoDDT,"This is a great fighting game. Love the graphics and the characters especially Beawolf. I am a big pro wrestling fan and anyone else who is will also enjoy using Beawolf as he cites classic wrestlers (Vader, The Rock, etc..) in his catchphrases and moves.Combos are sweet and three on three fights are really cool. Def recommend and its worth the money. The buttons seemed a little hard to learn at first but eventually if you pick a character and learn it its really not that bad. The game also has tons of lessons and tutorials that teach you lots of stuff you can apply to various fight games.9/10"
,Recommended,245170,13197788,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Solitude,this is a positive review
,Recommended,245170,19459584,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Leviathon,Waifu Simulator 2014
76561198261252429,Recommended,245170,19494480,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,TwistidKiwi,"I'd recommend this game to anybody who enjoys a grotuesqe theme and 2d action, as well as creative and well played characters. :)"
,Recommended,245170,19387253,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Solitude,"My, my, Skullgirls. I've had this game on my wishlist for a long time, only deciding to purchase this when it went on sale for $2.99. My god, I have missed out. This game is such a satisfying fighter, you feel so good after landing a 15+ hit combo and utterly destroying a team. The character designs and animations are gorgeous, they all look and feel different (unless we're talking about Filia and Fukua). Congratulations Skullgirls, you have a place in my favourite games of all time list."
,Recommended,245170,19480519,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dr. Cuckcakes,"Finally completed, this is one of the best fighting games I have ever played. Beautiful hand-drawn animation, charming and unique characters with definitive move sets, in-depth training tutorials, amazing soundtrack. Pitting a one-man against a headless cat-lady! A must have for animation and fighting game fans alike."
,Recommended,245170,19484309,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,ÐÏRŤŸ MËLØÐY,"better game than my grades, seriously though, it's like a minigame trying to learn each character's moveset, but it's a good game for beginners, and pros"
76561198011539099,Recommended,245170,19472932,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Shade Meadows,Instructions:-See trailers-See Pictures-See History-See Characters (Most important)-Then Buy It!
76561198039264720,Recommended,245170,19738826,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,kkrunchykyle,"Pros:  Charming aesthetic, Solid Story Mode, Interesting Characters with unique playstyles, Good netcode and Controls, deep gameplay and it's pretty damn satisfying, reasonably easy to combo for noobs, AMAZING tutorial system.Cons: Not a huge online player base, you'll get matches but not always instant or at your level, not too many new players online imo If you're uncomfortable with a hot mostly female anime-ish cast you'll feel weird playing it.  Super hard to navigate menus initially, this will probably take your first 10-15 minutes.Overall, Buy if you like the vibe of the artstyle and are ok with spending some time in training mode before you're online compettitive.  But this game has been very fun with friends.  If you're looking to pick up a first (or on and off) fighting game, I'd 100% recommend this one!  Pretty cheap too."
76561198203660725,Recommended,245170,19738989,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,X-khou the SpookQueen,Good game.
76561198055469309,Recommended,245170,19749920,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Caspy403,"Incredibly unique and detailed characters, great animation, lifesaving tutorials, and a crazy story line. Love this game. Don't judge it for its boob physics and panty shots."
,Recommended,245170,19598736,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,TSM_Kikoeru,Best game ever! Other than CS:GO.. BUY THE FULL PACK!
,Recommended,245170,19626218,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,AnimeFanFTW,"This game is awesome, cute, and excellently well made.But pleaseWhatever you doDO NOT GO ONLINE. THE PEOPLE THERE WILL ♥♥♥♥ING DESTROY YOU"
76561198108796096,Recommended,245170,19595216,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Pico,I'll give thgis game a thumbs up because it is a good game but please for the love of god balance the boss fights....I'm trying to fight Maria as Valentine and its pretty much impossible because in her second phase all she does is spam the shadow over and over again so i can't even move... Overall I love the game but when you try and beat her 20 times in a row and all 20 times she just spams the shadows where you can't even get up or dodge its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,245170,19450676,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,HayaLay☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ,Fun game but controls are too ♥♥♥♥ing confusing
76561198063624929,Recommended,245170,19593988,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Frost E. Bear,"Skullgirls is a fighting game like any other fighting game. The roster is full of colorful characters, the story is weird but nice, and the art style of the game is wonderful. At first glance you'd think this is just a game that's open to rule 34 (which it probably is). You will see a lot of panties durring the fights. It's an entertaining fighting game that puts you on your toes.A decent buy for the average player and a good buy for fans of the fighting game genre. 2D style fighting games are back!"
76561198055784664,Recommended,245170,19798565,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,The Fiddler,"A very visually stunning game, enjoyable combos and fluent animations, everything I enjoy about 2D fighters is packed in here. I dont usually write things like this, but I've just become a big fan of this game. Definitely worth getting if you enjoy the cartoon style drawings and amusing characters."
,Recommended,245170,19561958,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Minervus,">Be me>Be happy you got new waifu fighting game>Think you're pretty good at fighting game>Play story mode>Get♥♥♥♥♥kicked>Tone down difficulty>Sleepwalk mode?>EZ PZ>Final Boss>TheJoysOfFightingGames.JPG>Gets♥♥♥♥♥kicked 10 consecutive times by ""Sleepwalking"" AI10/10 would never leave training again"
76561198153010141,Recommended,245170,19542112,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Bläzïg,no game no life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,19554213,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Chengis Khan | farmskins.com,"I am not a superfan for fighting games and I'm not as devoted as other players when playing them, but I play them just because I enjoy it, especially when I play it with my friends or cousins. I enjoyed the likes of Tekken, Street Fighter, Marvel vs Capcom, and Mortal Kombat with them. Sure, Skullgirls doesn't have deep, branching story modes like those games, but I enjoyed the simple gameplay of Skullgirls. It's just that straightforward. I like how the game was developed and it was the first time I played on a keyboard. It's a very fun game and I assure you that.RATING:10/10. Would get an injection from Valentine again. <3"
76561198027774242,Recommended,245170,19570463,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,DialD4Death,"The ultimate cat fight now with real cats, seriously. Well okay they are catgirls but still...a fun hand drawn fighting game one can get lost in real easily."
76561198099448231,Recommended,245170,30643071,Posted: 20 March,all,Mr. Turner,"I LOVE THIS GAME, me and my friends play it almost everyday now and i have alot of fun with it. If you are in to a fast paced game with multiple play styles this would be the game to get and think you should get it. Now if only there could be a another game ;)"
,Recommended,245170,19667752,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,blackshade,good game
,Recommended,245170,19744271,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Je2ter,"My favourite 2D Fighter, has the best tutorial that helps you learn the basics of fighters with in depth lessons on every character. Great art and sound. A very underrated game. A most own for any 2d fighter player"
76561198220324637,Recommended,245170,19725495,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Neil Holtzhausen,its good
,Recommended,245170,13672776,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Krungthrep,"Probably one of the better fighting games in existance. The art style is charming, the characters memorable, and the combo system is also pretty cool! I am by no means a master of fighting games (hell I'm not even that good) but this is one of the few games of this genre that makes me want to learn. It's so satisfying putting in time to learn how to dole out a 40+ hit combo!An often overlooked feature is the plethora of palette swaps available to each character. With 22 colors unique to each character you're probably bound to find at least ONE you like for your favorite character.I don't think I have any gripes with this game that don't stem from my own ineptitude with fighting games.10/10 Would fight again!"
,Recommended,245170,13672996,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Donald Trump 2K16,ayy lmao
,Recommended,245170,13674060,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Saint,Any attack you do gives you a shot of their panties.10/10
,Recommended,245170,13674421,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Gunghofosho,Valentine best grill
,Recommended,245170,13676595,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dr. Fabulous,"Good for people who are familiar with fighting games, but newcomers should avoid the harder difficulties in singleplayer.If your not at least half decent with one character you can forget about any kind of online play."
76561198084303884,Recommended,245170,13676753,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,sunrise land,"good game love to play with friends,my controler doesn't work but i like the key bord controlls betterbuy a coppy!"
,Recommended,245170,13744945,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Makratea,10/10 Would call the Mafia again.
,Recommended,245170,13749125,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dangster,"At first, I was kind of worried that this game wouldn't be a good fighting game and just about♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I read the reviews and they said it was really good, so I bought it while it was on sale for 5 bucks. I don't regret it. Really good combos, and really hard to do some of those combos (well, to me at least). There are a lot of characters to choose form to complete each story, and there's also online mode to, well kick♥♥♥♥♥online! I'd say buy it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,245170,13741622,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Walrus-Sama,"I love this game. And I can't really think of any negatives.Performance is very good, no problems so far. This is my first fighting game and the game does a good job of telling you about the mechanics indepth, and the tuturials are very detailed. The art style, music and overall tone of the game are very good (And the people who say it's bad because ""sexism"" are less than human and should be rounded up into deathcamps and gassed because they are wrong and cancerous. *cough* Tumblr *cough*). Story/lore is very interesting however it is rather short for each character, but all the characters are likeable and have depth to them despite that.One thing that is kind of a negative is that there is no balance system for skill levels, it only makes matchs with the most stable connection. Which can often lead to a new player (I.e Me) getting matched with a pro player who will kill you with a single combo before you can react. Also, the ""boss"" for the singleplayer is very cheap and annoying, but I think it was intended to be like that.Anyway, ""Should I get this game?"" Yes."
,Recommended,245170,13741868,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darumi GT Turbo Mk. 32 EX68000 N,Good fast fighting 2D arcade game.
,Recommended,245170,13741967,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,NaViGaTioNaL777,"Never have I played a game, which so beautifully presents its characters.Mechanics are a little bit difficult at first, but you get used to mashin' them buttons and tossin' your controller/keyboard around.The AI is relatively strong, even on normal.A great fighting game overall."
,Recommended,245170,13773199,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,NoJahns,"This game is pretty good. I mean sure, every online match I've had is me getting juggled, but the AI fights are pretty good. As an artist, I say these visuals are 10/10, and I would like to do something similar one day. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,245170,13776694,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Spicy Tuna,"I haven't had this for long and it's a lot of fun right out of the box. Menu controls feel a little awkward. I want to hit return to select things and that doesn't do what I think it will do. If you can get past that, this game is a lot of fun. I love it!"
,Recommended,245170,13758262,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,idea,Amazing art and animations!
76561198132208675,Recommended,245170,13766146,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lostatthewilliow,This game is amazing. A great way to kill time or just have fun with friends
,Recommended,245170,13687288,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Klaymen,"Even if the story mode is a bit short, it is still fun. The characters are awesome, however, the background animations might be a bit smoother."
,Recommended,245170,13690012,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,(rd)dash78u1,Awsome fight meeeeee!!!!
,Recommended,245170,13687463,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,𝓡𝔂𝓪𝓯𝓪𝓵𝓽,"If you like boobs and fighting games, this game is perfect for you."
76561198027620613,Recommended,245170,13678271,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Artist Omega,"Artsy, Colorful, Edgy, Smooth, Hype. An absolute must for fighters everywhere. So many things that look so right in so many places. Only gripe is how harsh the tutorial is, despite it teaching you not only the basics but also the advance stuff too. Honestly a gem in my book. 10 skulls outta 10"
,Recommended,245170,13679244,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,2spooky,I saw their pantiesplz don't tell my mom
76561198092012661,Recommended,245170,7685239,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,EvilKnightFox,Great !
76561198102031688,Recommended,245170,16947689,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Peekaboo,"Skullgirls takes fighting games to a new level, I enjoyed playing through every characters story and even though there aren't a ton of maps it is still one of the best fighting games I have played. Each character is unique in their fighting style and have a lot of combos that can be mastered. The comedy is also very good, some characters are more serious, such as Painwheel, but characters like Peacock are meant to be funny. One thing that surprised me is the balance in fighting, player 1 can use one character and player 2 can use three characters but player one still has a chance to win. The more charaters you pick the less powerful they are and they easier they are to defeat. There are only 8 characters that come with the game but I would recommend getting the DLC characters, 2 of them are free. The DLC characters have a story that can be played through as well. If you are a serious hardcore fighting game player then I would recommend this game for the extra fight Marie 300%, its the final boss but 300% stronger and your character is chosen for you. Overall this is definitely my favorite fighting game and I would tell anyone who likes to play these kind of games to get it. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,16950292,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,RachelQuest,"Despite a pretty steep difficulty curve, I'm having so much fun with skullgirls right now. Give them your maaaaanies."
76561198005300466,Recommended,245170,16950557,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,GIuttony,"Pros: Cute girls, Beowulf doing cute things.Cons: Not enough Beowulf"
76561198076116301,Recommended,245170,16952924,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Nik_the_Bik,"I'm absolutely awful at this game, but I keep coming back for more. Surely it's a sign of the quality of gameplay. That, or I'm just a masochist. A+"
76561198013734854,Recommended,245170,16831282,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,A Wellspring of Mediocrity,"Best waifu simulator NA.In all seriousness, a really fun and wacky fighting game. However:If you'rea.) Brand new to fightersorb.) Don't have a gamepadGood luck playing online."
76561198089883899,Recommended,245170,16837058,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,KOCrule,"Even though many people advertise this game as a bunch of girls wearing very little clothing,I personaly believe that it is more than that. It's a great fighting game that has real complex combos and mechanics, I may not be very good at at it,nor do i have a fight stick atm,but I can still find fun out of atleast trying to be good at it. The story is obviously not the best i'v ever seen,but it's story,compared to other fighting games, seems really good. It seemed to me as though the story got better for each dlc character that came out,the base characters story were kinda just partiallyt explaining why they looked like they did,as for the dlc characters,I thought they were more than the base characters. Looking past the fighting aspect of the game,the soundtrack in this game is absolutely amazing to me,it's a type of music that certain people that like today's traditional music wouldn't like very much,i can't find a good way to explain the music,but just know that while writing this i'm currently listening to the soundtrack. The game also introduces new people into the game amazingly,there is a series of ""optional quests"" that not only explain just about every aspect of the game amazingly,but can even be related to other fighting games,then it also has the same thing for each character.The only thing I don't like about this is that for most of the ""quests"" that aren't character specififc you're forced to do with a certain character. One other aspect about the game is I think it's best when you're in a community of people that play it or you play it with a friend, communities are easy to find,and if you plan on sticking to the game for a while many groups also do weekly tournaments. Overall,I think it's a amzing game with amazing aspects,and a great fighting game to start off with, covered up by boobs and other annoying public oppinion,not to mention that most people that like it cause of that probobly don't play it today."
76561198022748584,Recommended,245170,16915535,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Clam,"It's a solid fighting game with a unique 1920's - 1930's setting. Characters are wacky and bizarre, and each has their own story line to establish their personality. Be sure to have a controller ready as the keyboard controls for this game, like any other fighting game on PC, are abysmal."
76561198041844093,Recommended,245170,16917863,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Tsakta,"Very well done. Only complaint I can think of is the final boss skull attack being incredibly aggravating for its habit of breaking half of all attacks, and the complete lack of a dedicated block button or any way to set one. Seriously Skullgirls, I can see what you're trying for but it's not working.Beyond those two gripes, pretty much excellent in every way."
,Recommended,245170,16489407,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"I bought this game very soon after it was made available, and not even for the panties and boobies.  ""What are you, gay?""  the average internet-goer may inquire, and sir / madame / wolf / otherkin, that is not a question even I can answer, as I identify as a genderfluid planet.For the fightin' game vets, Skullgirls is a 6-button fighter that feels like the perfect middle ground between the tactics of Street Fighter and the combo chaos of Marvel VS Capcom.  The mechanics are varied and unique between the small-yet-growing cast of characters (the only ""Ken"" literally started out as an april fool's joke, and even then it's hardly the same character).  Variable team sizes of 1 to 3 is a huge part of your pre-game choice and playstyle as it directly and dramatically affects the power and health of your individuals and how many assists you get.  The combos chain fluidly, the action stays fast, and wins feel earned.For the newcomers, this is a fantastic introduction to fighting games, or a great one to play casually.  There are step-by-step tutorials, ranging from the basic buttons and mechanics to how each character's unique moves work together.  I had no experience with the infamous insane difficulty leaps between difficulty settings, and there's neat storylines for each character explaining why they're all clawing each other's eyes out in the first place.  The frantic pace makes even button mashing exciting, and all of the aesthetics look friggin' sweet.  Which brings me to my next point...The atmosphere is inviting and flashy, the music is snazzy and classy, and the animations are as smooth and beautiful as the characters.  This is quite literally art in motion, and it all comes together nearly flawlessly.  I don't think I have anything bad to say about this game other than some of the paid DLC (which are offered for free in the first while they are released) but eh, that shouldn't detract from the rest of it.  A steal of an experience for the 3 dollars or so it's on sale for at the time of writing.Oh, and there's a Zone-Tan skin for one of the girls, Squigly.  There is also a Zone-Tan background sprite in the game.  Steam wouldn't allow me to tell me who that is if you don't know.  Among that, there's plenty of other sneaky references and nods to things in places like background characters, voice lines, the moves themselves, and the fighter's color palettes."
,Recommended,245170,15441031,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,have a boy,You know a game is good if the devs got Zone-Tan to help animate....
,Recommended,245170,16923475,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Farseer Celestian of Iyanden,"A really solid fighter and a great gateway to games like Street Fighter, Tekken, Dead or Alive and others. With a comprehensive, yet easy to understand tutorial, fantastic art, and a soundtrack that puts AAA games to shame, this is a must buy for anime fans, fighting game fans, fighting game newbies, and plenty more besides!"
76561198184364702,Recommended,245170,17160405,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,PendragonPony,"I picked this up hoping for a fun 2D fighter, and it delivered in spades!!I love fighting games in general, but Skullgirls really has climbed to be one of my favourites.The characters are all very creative and interesting, and just plain beautiful to look at. Their animations, moves and personalities really are top notch and very varied - everyone should be able to find a character who suits them.And while I've never been great at fighting games (yeah, it's odd I love something I suck at), pulling off combinations and special moves in this game feels so easy and natural, making even an uncoordinated moron like me feel like a pro!Overall, this game is beautiful to look at, great fun to play, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone, regardless of their experience with 2D fighters."
76561197968571639,Recommended,245170,17164193,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Striker_Z,In love with this game. Refreshing change of pace after playing nothing but SFIV for years.Surprisingly still has an active community and these is virtually no lag. Also a great tutorial system for beginners.
,Recommended,245170,17166713,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,theyellowflash26,Eliza 10/10
,Recommended,245170,13431328,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Tacemiko,"Awesom! Who loves fighting, will love this game too!"
76561198190477666,Recommended,245170,17134309,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Shiba,It's pretty good
,Recommended,245170,17141855,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Constantine0913,"Pros: -A tutorial that actually makes sense. If you wanted to get into fighting games but couldn't figure them out start here.-Plenty of people willing to help on the forums and so on-Charcaters are interestingCons: -Multiplayer is the only gripe I have with this game. People who have been playing for years/ or are very skilled play in beginner lobbies, and often when you do find a player of equal skill they quit before the match ends to avoid having game losses on their record."
76561198202398430,Recommended,245170,17045064,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,TheImmortalNomad,"This game is the best fighter I have ever played. The story mode is fantastic, the game itself is beautiful and challangeing. The fan art in the extras is incredile. The soundtrack is awesome.I have found nothing wrong with this game so far.If you have the money for this game, you need to get it it is an amazing gmae to buy."
76561198122241353,Recommended,245170,17122766,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,BlueFulcon,"This is a great indie fighting game that i reccomend to all fighting and non-fighting game fans alike. it has a great feel and playstyle to it, and it feels very natural when playing. i believe that this game has great potential and could be up there with tyhe likes of Street Fighter, Super Smash Brothers, MortalKombat and other popular fighters. i highly recocomend this game to all."
76561198227493092,Recommended,245170,22246919,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,crazymike147,Great fighting game with an actual story and the best soundtrack I have heard from a game.  I study to this music all the time
,Recommended,245170,22247827,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,TheSmashGen(TPGPA),I highly recommend Skullgirls it's basically a love letter to a lot of fighting games and the many memes and refreshes to get you by if you're interested. The mechanics are something you would see from MVC3 and the animations are smooth and would work in the most low end of computers.
,Recommended,245170,22309173,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Señor Guantecillo Mendez,"Come for the boobs, play one match, never make the mistake of looking at boobs again.﻿.."
,Recommended,245170,4956606,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Darugio,"Este juego demuestra que se pueden hacer bien las cosas apostando por esquemas que a lo mejor en un primer momento no habrían atraído al jugón del género de lucha. Tiene una clara inspiración en la saga Darkstalkers y también en los Guilty Gear, pero también tiene su propio alma, su propia identidad. Si estás cansado de los juegos de lucha que no son más de compilaciones de karatekas con diferentes trajes y buscas un juego diferente, con una banda sonora espectacular, combos devastadores y una buena historia, no lo dudes y hazte con este SkullGirls, no te arrepentirás."
,Recommended,245170,22342252,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Pseudo weeb,"The usual button mashing, just with more girls & epic Jazz ost.and the tutorial is great."
,Recommended,245170,22562738,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,MrGangrene,Surprisingly good fighter.Very complex 3 character fighter without those pesky infinites Marvel has.
,Recommended,245170,21060668,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,FakeSword,Great Fun fighting game with an excellent online lobby system and Devs that provided tons of continual support adding new characters and stories to the game.
,Recommended,245170,21496678,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,可愛い | R i n,"I approve of this game, Poi."
,Recommended,245170,21494062,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Kweh?,Best fighter of the last 10 years. Legit.
76561198010455154,Recommended,245170,15932727,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Kenpachi Ramasama,"It's not only a great fighting game for beginners thanks to the thoughtful tutorial, but also a solid and unique fighting game that pros can play plenty of!It plays great, even on a toaster XDJust keep in mind you may run into certain online matches that'll cause frame-drop. From what I understand, it has something to do with some sort of incompatability between your PC and the other player's PC."
76561198045768592,Recommended,245170,21667015,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Offset,gud
,Recommended,245170,21625249,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nasctha-deo,"I like the game, but the controls are really hard for me to use (the combos, special moves, etc). Just can't get them while in play"
76561198044360138,Recommended,245170,21642458,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Eiphreim,Have you ever seen something so polished you doubt it was manmade? I have and it's Skullgirls.
76561198045991930,Recommended,245170,21637338,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,CrazySlick,good game
,Recommended,245170,21535530,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,SLAPBEAR,it good for me
76561198170260285,Recommended,245170,21812746,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ktucal,This is one of the best games in Steam because of the following:-High Quality-Game Modes-Challenges-and more
76561198048788968,Recommended,245170,21843706,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,b1g b0ss,"I'm not a big fan of beat'em up games... and usually when I play them it is mostly because I have friends or my girlfriend over and need something for local multiplayer gameplay...But Skullgirls did manage to get my atention with simple but flashy character designs with different (and mostly likeable) personalities and stories, that makes it a fun experience even in single player (although each story mode is very short).But I still don't understand why does the game insist on not letting us know which button is set for a specific action... which ends up being confusing for people who not only are not very familiar with the game or genre... but also need to try to decipher which button is associated with which action to be able to try to read the combo list"
76561198011582213,Recommended,245170,22034791,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,SeSqMakigarp,so silly
,Not Recommended,245170,21899638,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Pizza Time,"Good character design, love the soundtrack, but playing online is completely impossible thanks to asshats who just pull infinites all the time. The actual game mechanics are horribly balanced and pretty laughable altogether. All you need to do is figure out Filia's infinite and boom. You won. Oh god don't even get me started on Big Band's infinite...The characters are cute in their own ways, and each of their storylines are interesting strings of fights coupled with story elements to better flesh them out. It's very possible to just mash buttons until you win, and for a while that was working for me, because it's hard to pull off certain combos on the keyboard and even harder when you're not that great at fighters to begin with (refer to the 'mash buttons' earlier in this sentence), but you'll need to start mixing things up if you want to actually beat some of these storylines.I wish I could recommend this game, but not being able to play online because the matches devolve into who can land the first infinite ruins the whole experience. Maybe if you have some friends with this game and can play together with them, then you may like it, but don't expect strangers will go easy on you."
76561198141931360,Recommended,245170,21989336,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Senseitional,"It's a really hard game to get the combos down, it takes time to learn so it's a great challenge!  The characters are so cute and the story line is adorable too! I can't wait to see if they'll release any new story lines for the characters.  Also, the DLC is totally worth it."
,Recommended,245170,19101716,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Jacknurse,I like the panty shots and the boob animation.The game itself is brutal. Will play again one of these days.
,Recommended,245170,19084129,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Terminally Ill Spider-Man,"The art and animation are gorgeous, the soundtrack is nice, and the voices are well done. There's plenty of customization and things to learn, and the uniqueness of each character allows for a wide variety of playstyles. However, the story's rather unsatisfying and the roster's small, but this game is definitely worth a poke.Also there are lots of boobaroos and even a few sweaty dudes if you like that too a QT ninja nurse pulls a thermometer out of her breasts and it's super"
,Recommended,245170,18884602,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,"Somewhere, not here",You've played Street Fighter all your lifeYou spent half of it watching animeYou enjoy memesYou like buttsThis is Internet Waifu Fighter IV: Booty EditionNow with men~
,Recommended,245170,18975502,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,MrEaters,Killed someone with my wicked trumpet solo. Punching them in the face fifty times with my brass fists probably helped too.10/10
,Recommended,245170,18975835,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Fruit Man [Pray4Kazo],My fingers are bleeding
,Recommended,245170,17839081,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,⎛⎝$alty$weet ⎠⎞,I'm over 200 hours in and i suck at this game.The learning curve is real. The other kind of curves are also real.10/10 Like Capcom but hotter.
,Recommended,245170,5712776,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Gbane,If any of you are planning to get this game you're gonna need to get a controller cause it is impossible to play on the keyboard. Skullgirls is a fighting game with only 9 characters with unique set of skills and personalities. The story mode is just incredible with each individual characters with their background and how they got to where they're at now. They have a training mode where you can practice your skills and get better at the game which i highly recommend you start there first so you can get a better idea on how to play the game. If you're into fighting games then this is the game for you.
76561198057981457,Recommended,245170,17850175,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,DaRealButt,dey hav da ladys with da boobaroos and only 2 guy not 3 no only 2 guy is fun nice like mvc but ith boobie 10/boob
,Recommended,245170,17806595,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,gg
76561197999877866,Not Recommended,245170,17118998,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MEITTI,"Now that Robo-Fortune is up and game is starting to get finished for real, might as well throw a review. Cautious not-recommend. The online of this game is pretty much dead in Europe, so you need friends of your own to have fun with this game. As for gameplay, it has its problems. All characters have unique movesets and really creative animation to it (which was what got me interested in the game in the first place since I'm animator myself) but the core meta of the game itself is rather lacking.The main problem is the length of combos. 10 second combos are a norm in the game, even when you know what to do and can break away from one without getting baited into yet another one. 50% of the time you spend in this game is waiting for another persons combo to end, then you doing your own combos. The back & forth is almost nonexistant even in higher level play. The player engagement isnt there because the game takes away the controller from your hand for lengthy periods of time. It is truly a sad state of affairs when other highly competitive genres like MOBAs have faster games than Skullgirls, or at least games that FEEL faster because you cant go and get a beer from your fridge while youre playing them. It shouldnt be this way. I shouldnt be able to feel the game is more fastpaced with games like SMITE, or RTSses. Those games shouldnt have more player involvement than a traditional fighting game.Combos become double the problem when lot of the cool character mechanics get completely ignored in the meta. Why bother doing mindgames and zoning with Sguigly and her cool stances when you can just do the same 15-20 second combos like everyone else? Why bother using the crowd-raising mechanics of Beowulf and do some fun custom wrestling throws when you can just do combos that are way less risky to do and yield more results?Compare to other fighters like Killer Instinct which is all about combos, combo length there is 5-6 seconds at most. Or Guilty Gear where devastating combos are also a reality but only take 3-5 seconds of real-time at most. The problem isnt the fact theres combos in the game, but the fact they take way too long. Getting wrecked by a combo is fine, but it shouldnt take so long as for the receiving player having enough time to start thinking about things other than the game itself. Either making the combos do way more damage, just making matches shorter, or otherwise promoting more back & forth/risk-reward gameplay would fix the issue.Alas the community of the game does not want it to be fixed, and want this game to remain a long-combo galore where versus matches turn into turn-based single-player modes where the referee takes the controller away from one player at a time for lengthy periods. That is why you wont find any newer players or intermediates online, you have to rely on your friends also liking the game and playing with you. I used to have one, until he got fed up by the combo lengths as well. Theres random spikes whenever a new character is up or free weekends are a thing but otherwise the pool of players remains the 100-200 or so players for the reasons stated above. The game didnt even get a place in EVO this year which is extremely sad.Skullgirls is a game you really wish would be better. The animation and visual aspect is great, theres some real good ideas thrown in there especially in the ways some of the characters play, but the core gameplay itself is deeply flawed, goes against the ""easy to learn-hard to master""-rule that makes so many other fighters good, and ultimately is a barren desert where you will face only those same 100-200 or so die-hard proplayers who still keep playing this. If you like doing lengthy combos, this game is for you. If you want an exciting, fast-paced fighter you can easily train your friends to play with? Avoid this one.Heres hoping theres going to be Skullgirls 2, and its going to be more like Guilty Gear or Vampire Savior in gameplay, and less like a long combo bore-fest ""fighter"" where you can read a book on your lap while playing."
,Recommended,245170,17846262,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ridicurous Rob,"Amazing Game highly recommend it... its original, creative, and simple mechanics. ;) Hell my wife likes playing it too!"
76561198064629038,Recommended,245170,17905936,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,gracoy,"This game is a lot of fun to play with some friends. I love the Big Band DLC. BB may be slow, but he is very powerful in the air. I've only had it a few days and I've already played over 13 hours. I play with my brother and his friends, it is really a lot of fun. I can't wait to learn more!"
,Recommended,245170,17870900,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,High Quality Dip,"After months of playing this game both in the Xbox and Steam version i can say, without a dobut, that Skullgirls is easly one of my favorite fighting game of all time. With great visuals, a beautifull and fitting soundtrack, a wonderfull, unique and creative cast of characters, and even a lot of pop culture references in character lines, palettes and movesets Skullgirls is a must if you enjoy the fighting genre.10/10 would unlock Big Band Jotaro again"
,Recommended,245170,17231199,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,WolfRoms,A very decent Fighter. Not street fighter quality but for a indigogo game it was great. 5/5
76561198146162061,Recommended,245170,13985363,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,EmptyDARKSNAKE,its pretty good. you should buy it... UNLESS YOUR A SCRUB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245170,17332371,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,KD,"If you're interested in fighting games and want to get a nice start, play this game. There's a tutorial here for you"
76561198064503683,Recommended,245170,16756969,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Diasuke,"Lab zero realy knocked it out of the park, is fun and silly."
76561198151799781,Recommended,245170,16823335,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Incubuncus,The only game that made me wanna play it with one hand 10/10
76561198094764047,Recommended,245170,16000028,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,GreenNess5,"this game, this GAME! normally im not huge on fighting games, notable exception being mortal kombat. but this game is great, the visuals for the characters are gorgeous and appealing, the character cast is varied and in general good, i like the story, and at the momant i be headbanging to some of that music, because its honestly that good"
,Recommended,245170,16005348,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Cloudster,10/10 would not get mad at a game again cause you can't be mad.
76561198084644927,Recommended,245170,15994687,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,TheHat,This is a great game and more than worth it.
76561198100488245,Recommended,245170,16119186,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Zach K. Richards,"While your parents and other people may not apprecitate you playing a game with so many boobies and sexy girls, the fantastic fighting system, great voice acting (Eat up, LOL and anime fans), and a russian voice announcer option provided by Mike Z. Can't wait for the other voice packs (Drunken Joshua Tomar, Republican Double and more!), the 2nd Encore Update (despite probably having to pay for it) and more characters (Money's on playable Annie, Feng, Marie, and Umbrella).i would really like a wider diversity in the costumes (I love the Kill La Kill palettes as well as the ones in the Costume DLC and some DLC packs like that at a similar price would be nice), and even an LBGT character (Hey, if MKX can have a gay character, why not this?). 10/10BTW Do NOT play this w/ a keyboard and buy and use a PC controller instead."
76561198068674417,Recommended,245170,16091695,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Nyras,"I have been wanting this game for a while, and it was worth it, it may have taken a while for me to get used to the controls, but after I got used to them, it was pretty easy for me to get some combos going, pretty great game over all."
,Recommended,245170,16034197,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,helper                         _,My grandpa died in WW2 so i could play this
76561198179084934,Recommended,245170,16097202,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Iratusmagus,"If you don't already own this game get it.  The fights are speedy and tight, the art excellent but the true selling point for me was it's in-depth How-to-fight tutorial.  That thing teaches you how to play fighting GAMES not just itself."
,Recommended,245170,15757166,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fast Tech Priest,Here we go
,Recommended,245170,15458718,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Yuuck,"I'm in love. <3Ms.Fortunate, Eliza, Valentine, and Squigly are my favorites. c:Money well spent on my part!"
76561198106538612,Recommended,245170,15769348,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Onion,"Love the art, love the gameplay! never been huge into fighters but this one is worth checking out"
,Recommended,245170,16787286,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Danaconda,"The best fighting game made by a western developer, bar none. Gorgeous animation, great characters and endless little fixes that Japanese developers never bothered with. Great entry point for the genre."
76561198093543798,Recommended,245170,16806542,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,schnopszilla,Best 2D fighting game on the market.
76561198089656275,Recommended,245170,16808190,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,[V!P]_Dread™,i had fun playing skullgirls it a very nice fighting game not the best but it great the characters are cool the storyline it okay it short a few battle then on to the boss fight and then your done after that might just play arcade or try to beat the hardest players in multi but still a very nice game. Rate 8/10
,Recommended,245170,16566809,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Moon,"Addicting, fun, and creative! Can't possibly go wrong with monster girls in the jazz age8.5/10"
76561198096776914,Recommended,245170,16567384,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Pizzaisprettygood,"man i only played this game for 1 second and i already knew that it was good like right when i saw the black screen i was like"" man this is gonna be a great game""."
,Recommended,245170,16570320,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Little Pench Boy,One word.Boobs.
76561198085040675,Recommended,245170,16573770,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Morrighan,Used my skeleton as a weapon. 11/10 would spook again
,Recommended,245170,16577612,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,／Ｎ／Ｔ／Ｘ／,"Great game for (most likely male) fans of Street Fighter.The fighting system works quite well. Although I'm not really sure how would I deal with some enemies if I'd have to play it on keyboard, it's perfectly playable with Xbox Controller (the PC version of it).Graphics 9/10- Who wouldn't like those sexy butts and boobs, right?Difficulty Accuracy 7/10- Trust me, if you haven't play any game of this kind before, it's gonna be really hard even on Normal.. But you can always just spam all buttons and hope it will work! XDGameplay8/10 - Just like in any other fighting game, it's all about learning how to do effective combo with certain character. Once you know how to control your favorite girl, you're able to do anything with it.TL;DR: 8/10 - Great fighting game with nice graphics and quite easy controls. (and few unfortunate bugs)"
,Recommended,245170,19950755,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,The Abyss,"""Do you recommend this game?""""Yes, but I find it quite difficult to play with only one hand"""
76561198106623876,Recommended,245170,19964986,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Axenator,"One of the best fighting game ever made.Even though, there aren't many figheters they have a huge variety of moves and funny dialogue.Story mode is awesome and each character has it's own story.This game deserves a 10/10."
,Recommended,245170,19950782,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Boys rule girls drool,it's like a fighting game with cute grills
76561198065927543,Recommended,245170,19951105,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Crimbo Pistul,I laughed. I cried. I forgot my password.8/8
,Recommended,245170,19987734,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DigitalDevilKing,"Some of the mechanics are a little off to me(I hate having to hold back to block mostly due to the fact it doesn't respond quickly enough), but I still find it to be pretty enjoyable to play.I recommend getting this if you use a control because the keyboard controls are absolutely dreadful."
,Recommended,245170,19990857,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,medicon,"As a player of fighting games like Smash Bros. I don't have much experience with traditional 2D fighters, but I was able to pick this game up quickly! The game is tons of fun, has a wide array of interesting characters, and a nice story mode and training! The music is top notch, and the voice acting fits perfectly, as well as the movie aesthetic making the references of movies and TV charming! My PS4 controller has some problems pressing 2 buttons at once, but otherwise a great title to pick up!"
,Recommended,245170,19880425,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,ＡｃＷａｙ 汐汐唯,really fun game. excellent
76561198012556913,Recommended,245170,19884626,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Big Bossu,Dem ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and bara character mmmmmm
,Recommended,245170,19884020,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Smiffmaff,"Hey Welcome to skullgris, now get out"
,Recommended,245170,19994205,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LucianTheFak,"One of the best fighting game I've ever played.Awesome characters, combos galore and more."
,Recommended,245170,20010293,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Naali,"Do not buy this game, Your hands will get bruised and your crotch will chafe......From all the intense combos and standing up when it gets real with your friends."
,Recommended,245170,20038456,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Pirpolose,you'll buy for hot babes and stay for a quality fighting game
,Recommended,245170,20035640,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Cheesecake and Tabasco,"You think playing Dark Souls II merely with your voice is a great achievement?Win a Skullgirls online game, then we talk."
,Recommended,245170,20237160,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,"Sit Down, Be Humboldt",Cartoon boops.... but roaring 20's style!Also has fun gameplay and combos11/5
,Recommended,245170,20237513,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Shiny Chariot,»Boot up game»Go to Quick Match»Get F🎺🎺🎺 ing bodied every time»11/5 Would Recommend
,Recommended,245170,20272221,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,agropequarium,its good
,Recommended,245170,20301556,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Killapato,this game is so nice !!if u love fighting games buy it!
,Recommended,245170,16863930,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Áile,"The Soundtrack is greatThe art style is greatThe combat is greatThe animations are greatThe tutorial is greatEliza is greatEverything is greatExcept for Umbrella and Annie, both are still pretty salty"
76561198268702473,Recommended,245170,20605219,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Zen,gr88/8tiddies
,Recommended,245170,20615020,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,PoniPlayge,is gud
,Recommended,245170,20314054,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crosawt,"Great game. Button mashing makes new players to professional ones.Lots of girls (That's why it's called SkullGIRLS, duh...).10 panty shots out of 10."
76561198028769894,Recommended,245170,16342966,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Shuvack,"Smoothest animations in 2D fighting games history.That alone kept me glued to the screen, to the point of not actually caring about gameplay and just enjoying beautifylly animated, and jolly ridiculous moves. I made a review based on what I've managed to play during a free weekend; and what I saw was exactly what I would get later on- a well made fighting game with care for the deepest and maybe even useless details; a crowdfunded labour of love, trying to convince its player to love it back.It's worth mentioning that the entry point to it is pretty easy thanks to the big and extremely advanced tutorial, as well as customizeable training mode.I unfortunately suffer from not having a soft button controller, wich would make execution of more advanced moves much easier and comfortable to pull off. Knowing this I'd recommend everyone to have a pad or anything with a stick to do 360s with, several characters need them for some moves; thus you need it if you want to play online.The game might be easy to pick up, but it's still demanding when it comes to expertise. And thanks to me being a ""Tekken kid"", the whole idea of 6 attack button distracts me to no end; but maybe that's just me :( .Contents are satisfying, with 9 base characters, each with a story mode, and each with 25 color pallettes; a handful of stages and a glorious jazzy soundtrack; all for the initial price of 15$.But if you want to get into it, everyone would advise you to pick up the character DLCs (all of wich can be played in the tutorial for free, but nowhere else), and with DLCs comes a little bit more cost- 5 characters, 5$ dollars each, all of which amounts to 25$.So a full game becomes 40$, it all depends on how many hours you are willing to sink into it- it would feel like supporting the devs, or wasting your funds.If you like what you see- I recemmend it without hesitations; if you're unsure- try no DLCs or during sales. Cause it's a gorgeous fighting game that would be a waste to not try out."
76561198261501407,Recommended,245170,20478103,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Noot Noot,I love it!totally didn't get it just for boobs
,Recommended,245170,20479510,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,all the harakiri,waifu fighter of the ♥♥♥♥ing century.the only thing its really missing is a trap since all memorable fighting games have a good trap.unless it gets a good trap wait for a steam sale.
,Not Recommended,245170,20468004,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DfloW,2ez4me
,Recommended,245170,20446582,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,gamerfreq,This is one of my favorite fighting games of all time and as someone who has played allot of fighting games this one deffinitely has the best tutorial making it far easier for new players to get into it.
76561198058549323,Recommended,245170,20367807,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,100 Yen suckie fuckie,Awesome fast pasted fighting game
,Recommended,245170,20439236,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Big Daddy,"This game is absolutely wonderful. It has an incredibly catchy and jazzy soundtrack, wonderful artwork, and a great combat system. I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys a fun fighting game with great character design."
,Recommended,245170,7504012,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,sexy naked gamer gril,its great!
76561198098148763,Recommended,245170,20429918,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Marie,"The game is lovely and it doesn't get old, with the new stories, the different levels of difficulty... all in all it's one of my top favorite games, ever."
,Recommended,245170,20427324,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,SmashPro,The game is good itas like to say street fighter........but better.
76561198029026690,Recommended,245170,30677509,Posted: 22 March,all,RicanPrince,Great game and characters
76561198078063064,Recommended,245170,20389943,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,BIuePhoenix,Just throw money at the screen.
,Recommended,245170,20418287,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,TotalTortilla,"As someone who simply adores the genre while simultaneously sucking at almost every game in said genre, Skullgirls is easily my favorite fighting game to date. The mechanics feel great, the art and music are to die for, every character is fun to play as, and pulling off tricky, high-damage combos feels incredibly satisfying. Bonus points awarded for having a tutorial that teaches you more about how to play fighting games, rather than just Skullgirls itself. If you like fighting games or have any interest in getting into them, Skullgirls is definitely a solid choice.That being said, fighting games are a hard genre to get into. You have to accept that you're going to lose pretty much every single match you play online for a while. It will sting pretty hard when you find yourself beaten over and over, but you need to take those losses as lessons. ""What part of my character could I make better use of?"" ""Do I need to work on my footsie game?"" ""What would my opponent do if I tried this on them?"" Fighting games are like intricate games of chess; half of the game is execution, while the other half is mind games - knowing what your opponent is going to do next. Try looking up some tutorials, or even tournament footage to get ideas on what you can improve upon. If you're willing to put in the work to git gud, then you're going to find fighting games are one of the most exciting video game genres around."
,Recommended,245170,20416196,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Noriya Katsurou,who doesnt like school girls with talking hair/robot girls/science experiments gone wrong/hot nurses/umbrella ladies/walking pincushion ladies?
,Recommended,245170,20313298,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,//\,68 hit combostill loses10/10
76561198155905510,Recommended,245170,20277038,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,slickyy,its a great game with beautiful artwork
76561198079105032,Recommended,245170,20278871,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,My Girlfriend is Playing,"If you like fighting games and cute girls, this game is probably for you."
76561198254723401,Recommended,245170,20239400,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Touma,"Awesome game, really enjoy the similarity to SF and its colorful characters"
,Recommended,245170,3337642,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,HyPE,"A solid fighter. Includes anti-lag settings, for online play, and an anti-infinite combo system. With an odd cast, that keeps growing. If you like fighters, know this was made by a professional fighter player, trying to get the best of fighting games. If you're new, this is probably the best intro game you can try, as the tutorial talks heavy fighting concepts.Either way, worth the $15."
,Recommended,245170,16229604,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,zombabe,"It's a classic fighter game with spunk! The characters backstories are interesting and produce a good amount of drive to play. The animations are superb, and when I can manage a combo (using my controller) those are pretty cool. I can't wait to grab my friends and make them play this too!"
,Recommended,245170,16230377,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TruuBluu,"Nice soundtrack, Amazing art, a godly tutorial and an overall fun and great game.I'm not even gonna try to make a joke/10"
76561198042515293,Recommended,245170,16230969,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Thrush,So good
,Recommended,245170,16231856,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SunnyGolem,Really enjoying this title. Best played  with a gamepad as i found the keyboard not ideal to pull off some awesome moves and specials. Really difficult to stop playing and the art design is amazing.
76561198000374178,Recommended,245170,16232219,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Meanmrmustard,if you like fighters buy this ...its a bit too anime for my liking but the netcode is awesome and you can feel the love put into this game.
,Recommended,245170,16232530,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Kenta Maeba,OW MY THUMBWHAT AM I DOING WITH MY LIFEI DON'T EVEN PLAY FIGHTING GAMESPAIN/10 WILL HURT AGAIN
76561198042216430,Recommended,245170,13961655,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,A Homosexual Pizza,TUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBATUBA7.8/10 Big Band needs to be tier 0.
,Recommended,245170,16233382,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,panflute,"Cartoony, well-endowed females(and 2 wierd dudes) fighting. With soviet russia announcer."
,Recommended,245170,16233827,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Rain the Oracle,i love it. its challenging but never gets boring
76561198128051511,Recommended,245170,16233926,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Kaito Jin,สนุกดีครับ ส่วนตัวชอบเพราะตัวละครในเกมนี้เป็นหญิงเกือบหมด เเล้วเเต่ละคนก็น่ารักๆทั้งนั้น เสียดาย ถ้าเกมนี้คนญี่ปุ่นทำ คงจะได้เป็นอะนิเมะในเร็ววัน เเต่ไม่เป็นไรครับ ได้เสพความโมเอะของหนู Filla ก็ฟินสุดๆเเล้วคะเเนนgameplay8.5/10 มีระบบการต่อสู้ที่เรียบง่าย เเต่ท่าใหญ่บางท่ากดยากไปหน่อย เเถมเวลาหลบหรือตั้งการ์ดอะไรก็ทำได้ลำบาก ต้องชำนาญเเล้วเท่านั้นเเต่ฝึกไม่นานเดี๋ยวก็เป็นครับคะเเนนstoryผมไม่ขออกคะเเนนหรือความเห็นเรื่องเนื้อเรื่องนะครับ เพราะส่วนใหญ่สำหรับเกมต่อสู้เเล้ว เนื้อเรื่องจะออกเเนวเเบบนี้กันหมด คือสั้นๆ จบง่ายๆเเต่ก้มีบางเกมอย่าง Mortal Combat X ที่มันทำออกมาดีเหลือเกินในเรื่องเนื้อเรื่องคะเเนน Soundtrack7.5/10 เพลงส่วนใหญ่ฟังนานๆเเล้วรู้สึกรำคาญหู โดยเฉพาะตอนฉาก cutscene ต่างๆ เข้าใจว่ามันเป็นเเบบกล่องข้อความให้กดอ่านเองจะมีดีก็ตอนฉากต่อสู้ กับเพลงตอนเจอบอสนั่นเเหละครับคะเเนนโดยรวม 9.5/10 เเนะนำให้เล่นเลยครับ ไม่ต้องไปสนเนื้อเรื่องมาก เล่นโหมดออนไลน์ดีกว่า เเต่ถ้าเล่นออนไลน์ จะรู้เลยว่าเรายังห่างชั้นนัก มีเเต่คนเก่งๆเต็มไปหมด เสะความโมเอะเเบบเเอบๆของเหล่าตัวละครในนี้ให้สุดๆไปเลยครับFIILLA LOVER <3
,Recommended,245170,16234409,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,WiLLVaizard,muitoooo bommm
,Recommended,245170,16234594,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Doubt,"Unlike Street Fighter, this game plays perfectly, the roster may be lacking compared to other fighting games but it makes up for it with how great these characters are as they don't require the reflexes of Koreans or those with Parkinsons Disease to put up a semi-decent fight against others with. Online for me falls short as there are practically no Australians playing, they're probably binge drinking fosters lager and badmouthing everyone on Call of Duty for the Xbox. Meaning I'm forced to play against Americans most of the time, something I was hoping to get away from with Soul Calibur V.Did I also mention how great the artstyle is? Because it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,16235178,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,kholeric,"How could I not recommend this game?  It's probably one of the best fighers I've played.  Lots of awesome combos, a plethora of really cool special moves that doesn't require you to give yourself arthritis to pull off, a fresh and attractive art style, and boobs.  lots and lots of boobs."
76561198059277976,Recommended,245170,15843093,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nundo,B3ST G4ME EVURRRR!!!!! 10/10
76561198022686928,Recommended,245170,15843309,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Glascow,"Super Waifu Bros.What can I say about this game? Well for starters, this game is 99% fan service.STORY- Your waifu stops evil waifu from destroying the world?GRAPHICS- Nothing highlights fan service like hand drawn animationsSOUNDTRACK- LADIES AND GENTLEMAN! IT'S SHOWTIME!GAMEPLAY- Like Street Fighter and Guilty Gear with panties everywherePros-Fan service. Lots of fan service.Combos flow wellEach character has a unique fighting styleMove combo tutorial is simple and convenientLots of replay value (Each waifu has their own campaign)Lack of male fan service characters (Thank god for your trench coat Big Band)Fan ServiceCons-Campaign is short for each characterOnline matches are laggyI think Double is OP? (She wrecked me all the time)Lack of Fan Service (Never enough fan service)CONCLUSION-Fan Service"
76561198065350743,Recommended,245170,16219551,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,โรเบิร์ต,"สนุกดีนะ ภาพอนิเมชอบมาก กดท่าแล้วต้องสต๊อปดูตลอด >,.<ถ้าตัวเยอะกว่านี้จะเป็นอะไรที่แจ่มมาก"
76561198021784922,Recommended,245170,16220039,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dumb Swede,"I recommend this game for any fighting game fan of games like 3rd strike and other 2d fighting games.Skullgirls has wonderful gameplay, colourful characters and a allround recommendation for people who likes good gamesBeuwolf and Squigly are my pick for best fighters, with Miss Fortune as a solid third best.9/10"
,Recommended,245170,16220633,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SpookyDiaboliC,"One of the best fighting games, artstyle is great character design and animation is on point 100 pecent, this is probably the best fighting game I have ever played"
,Recommended,245170,16220708,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,RAVEN & STARFIRE,"Beautiful,sexy and little creepy character!!Interesting story!!Good fighting style!!I love this game <3"
,Recommended,245170,16222409,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,博虫,Zone-Sama made me mplay this gamegr8 game m8 i r8 8/8
76561198040519147,Recommended,245170,16283405,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Lodrak,"Fluid animations, cool specials and online mode whats there not to like?"
,Recommended,245170,16283606,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ray,It's doubleplus good
76561198016584891,Recommended,245170,16285466,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Betsy Ross,"Best fighter on steam, no contest. Move along"
76561198042439332,Recommended,245170,16286195,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,KMitsuhide,"Obviously, heavy fanservice is just a given with this game. It's definitely a game that can become addicting, so prepare to spend hours playing it. Be careful of online play if you are new-ish to fighting games, because it can be frustrating. Overall, definitely worth taking a look at."
,Recommended,245170,16288255,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Legendary_Kicks,This is a very good game so much fun! I suggest you to buy this game if you like 50 hits combo and boobs!
,Recommended,245170,16288466,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,yung crystal pepsi,"An amazing fighting game made by fans, for fans. Everything about this game screams style, and you can really tell that it was made with a lot of love. The fast and frenetic gameplay is mainly inspired by the Marvel Vs. Capcom series, but also features the free-ratio system from Capcom Vs. SNK, so the gameplay will always be balanced no matter how many characters are on your team. The cast might be small, but every character feels completely different from one another (plus any additional DLC characters will be available for free for a limited time following their release). If you've never played a fighting game before, Skullgirls also features a very in-depth tutorial that not only teaches you how to play the game, but also teaches you the fundamentals and lingo of fighting games as a whole. Top it all off with an gorgeous Art Deco aesthetic and a classy soundtrack composed by Castlevania legend Michiru Yamane, and you have one of the best fighters of all time."
76561198117119342,Recommended,245170,16149802,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TrigonalClips |«CG»|,One of the developers is a p0rn artist.How could that go wrong.I'dgive it 10/10
76561198039193823,Recommended,245170,16154163,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,HuckleberryTea,"The initial key bindings are a huge pain. At start up I had to push everything to figure out how to even get to the options menu to change them. Up and down were not the arrow keys or even wasd. That being said once you change the bindings to your liking it'll keep you entertained for awhile. The storyline is interesting (though the dialouge to get there can be pretty vapid and cliche), the artwork feels sloppy at times charming at others, and the characters are quirky but surprisingly well rounded. This isn't a bad game but it's certainly not worth the initial price tag. I recommend this game when it's on Steam Sale. $3? Yes. $15? Not so much."
,Recommended,245170,16155211,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Etharomea,"One of the best 2D fighter games i have come across, although i've only played singleplayer it's still pretty amazing. It's worth buying if you're into 2D fighters"
,Recommended,245170,16156967,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mister Artorias,"Being sort of a rookie in the fighting genre, I think Skullgirls is a perfect way to really get used to otherwise hard-to-pull-off fighting combos in most fighting games I play. The controls are fantastic ( Preferably the controller ) and very responsive. The netcode ( Online play ) is surprisingly good compared to most PC fighting games. The animations are all hand-drawn, fluid, cartoony, and top notch. The character roster isn't massive, but big enough to have lots of variation between them; Not to mention each individual character has their own mini-storyline for you to complete. The game feels quite easy to get into,  you can even pull off a killer combo sometimes by just mashing buttons and that's not a bad thing. It shows that even beginners in the fighting genre can get into the game while still having difficult mechanics for veteran players to play around with.[TL;DR] - Skullgirls is a fun, easy-to-learn, visually impressive fighting game with an excellent online netcode that is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,245170,16157247,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Payasoplas,"I was skeptical about his game, I've just begun to purchase independent games and and nearly of them have been disappointing, but this one has some terrific production values, superb sound, great graphics and awesome gameplay.I also don't play 2D fighting games, well I usually don't play fighting game at all but I decided to make an exception with this one because of the great artwork and because it's also funny.The game has plenty of options, extras and it's also easy to learn and hard to master just like the first Soul Calibur (One of the few fighting games I've ever played).Give this game a chance, I bought it because it had 80% discount, but I could have paid full price for it."
76561198113312957,Recommended,245170,16157784,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Miew Miew Fish,120/100
,Recommended,245170,16158199,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,HeukSeokSiJang,값싸고 좋은 게임
,Recommended,245170,16158831,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Somin,"great!, fun! 2D fighter game! 80% for £2.39 is a nice worth! BUT be WARNED!!! when you play online with other people through the online lobby its crazy a$$!!! they will be getting $hit on pretty badly unless you can turn the tides ^^ :) overall very good game! Great Job developers!All for me:Animation ✔BOOBS ✔Good fighting game ✔Music ✔Art Style ✔Oh yea! almost forgot to mention.... you might pretty sure want a controller ^^"
,Recommended,245170,16158934,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Blazing Celestial.,"haha been waiting for this game to go on sale for awile now, its finally free to play for the weekend and i was not disappointed 1 bit, best believe i bought that♥♥♥♥♥♥on the spot XD"
76561198029376571,Recommended,245170,16158951,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,m0rd,"Can't go wrong for $4. The tutorial alone makes it worth the price given how rare it is to see a fighting game actually explain its mechanics to you, which will give you skills to move on to other fighters. Controls are fluid and precise with characters that accompany unique playstyles. The graphics speak for themselves, beautifully hand-drawn and masterfully animated. The only real downside is the limited roster which requires DLC to fill out (Big Band is so ♥♥♥♥ing cool), although the base game comes with the Endless Beta which provides access to all characters as well as future developments. Can't speak for the online portion unfortunately as i've never had good luck with my latency in online fighting games, but if you've used GGPO before you should know what to expect. Easy recommendation otherwise."
,Recommended,245170,16159167,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Mynanie,yeah
76561198124942892,Recommended,245170,16159611,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Jojo the Manliest Man,"Very High-level game. Works with spamming, but i find it more satisfying to pull off the diificult combos. Great are style, fast paced, and amazing music. 10/10 amongst fighting games"
76561198063266171,Recommended,245170,16159865,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Soulz,awesome
76561198109631908,Recommended,245170,16160343,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Demon657,I am in love this game!
76561198127353344,Recommended,245170,19200875,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,BurritoRonin,This game is almost like real life........you can only commit to one girl or else you're ♥♥♥♥ed.
76561198087754698,Recommended,245170,16993069,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Listerine,A very fun and hot 2D fighter. Even if you dont like the art style the game is brilliant and fun. Just dont play in public.
76561198077802944,Recommended,245170,19688614,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Groose,"Very fun, many fights"
76561198094936576,Recommended,245170,20024035,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cyborg Kaleb,Walking like an egyptian all over your face.
76561197996229772,Recommended,245170,20051024,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snooping as Usual I See,"Good fighting game. Never been too great at mechanics, but all of the characters are interesting (though not always as the main characters, just interesting in at least one aspect, like design, personality, or fight moves).Haven't tried the online component so I don't know how laggy that is"
,Recommended,245170,20005040,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Red Lemon,started playing this game for reasons...10/10
,Recommended,245170,20043230,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sneeky Snyeek,Really nice 2d fighting game.
76561198185978625,Recommended,245170,20048855,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Schlck72,"This is usually the part where I put a lengthly review only 30% of you read, but now, all I wanna say is, best story driven button mashing simulator. Ever. To come out in 2013. Jk but seriously buy it. Or wait until a sale. But eventually get around 2 it."
,Recommended,245170,20022357,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Unpronounceable,"This is the first fighting game I've really tried to get into, and it's pretty well everything I wanted.  The tutorials are really great, the aesthetic is fantastic (one thing that turned me off of SFIV), and I can easily see how I need to improve.The game was surprisingly easy to get into and have fun with, and the net code seems to work really well.  Plus, as the person who recommended this to me said, it runs on a toaster.  Definitely recommended to anyone with any interest in fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,8580086,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tubbs,"Skullgirls is a very accessible fighting game with an incredible visual appeal, wonderous sound design and very engaging, skill-centric gameplay. Just don't let your mom walk in to see it."
,Recommended,245170,20022440,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Goobenator,"♥♥♥♥ing hell man, ♥♥♥♥ing flower chicks bro what the ♥♥♥♥ even man. JUst spam JUST SPAM BRO JUST SPAM MANG. Just all you gotta do is be a plant ♥♥♥♥♥ and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥and kick. COme on man, just hair whip got damn man. ♥♥♥♥iiIN Man who is a bell saxaphone tuba can get their♥♥♥♥♥handed to them by got damn flower ♥♥♥♥♥ what even. Big boobed ninja and♥♥♥♥♥♥can lose to a ♥♥♥♥ing plant what the hell is this Undertale? Come on man.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,19927254,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,The Nature Boy Ric Flair,"Reset city. Made in the spirit of MvC2, but there are more than 4 viable characters, so learn your matchups"
,Recommended,245170,19911878,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Kabukiman,"Great game, very technical, a favorite for those who like MvC series.Get the DLC for the better follow-up combos.10/10"
76561198035921865,Recommended,245170,19919888,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Jaxas,"This is a great game, and it goes on sale for ~$3 fairly often so you can buy it for your friends, too!"
,Recommended,245170,19825081,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,TheRealLester,I really enjoy playing Skullgirls because of the interesting characters (Beowulf <3) and the easy to understand tutorials which helped me to get better at all of the different fighting games I own.  I rate this a 9/10 because I can't do infinites because of the IPS (Infinite Prevention System).  Rip easy beowulf combos.
76561198119507761,Recommended,245170,19806434,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,"Probably one of the most challenging fighting games I have played. Really wish I was playing this when it came out; in it's prime. I'd definitely still pick this up if you are curious. Has a pretty good story, which is not too common in these types of games. Aswell as a unique artstyle from the developers which creates a very memorable experience. So pick up some friends and try this out! May find it as your new favorite pass time."
,Recommended,245170,19944728,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Elusive,"Pros:- The game is updated constantly.- Animation is beautiful.- Story lines for each character are interesting.- Decent line up of characters. Something for everyone you know?- Gameplay is solid.- Tag system is fantastic, can select what your partners jump out and do, down to literally just jumping and exiting.- Lighting effect on stages immerse you into the game even more. (When it is nightime your clothes reflect moonlight)- Training mode is legit.- Controller and Keyboard support.- Online availibility.- Music is top notch.- Chicks are hot, Dudes are Boss.- Pantsu everywhere.Cons:- Learning curve is crazy, if you are new everyone online will destroy you by this point.- Online is not really laggy, but when it is.. wew lad.- Control configuration will make you exit the game 30 times just to put in what you want. It keeps jumping to player 2 input as well.- Carol's pantsu looks like a leotard.Ogreall 8.5/10Fighting games are in and out of trending sales, This one only seems to get better."
76561198071663797,Recommended,245170,19864663,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Randy Teh Sexy,It's got hot chicks and a great story 10/10
,Recommended,245170,19899336,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Morgan,it's a solid fighter with a cast that consist of mostly girlsbut who cares about them when all you need is Beowulf
,Recommended,245170,20081143,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SuperFudgeBag,There's a Cirno skin for Peacock.
76561198111964448,Recommended,245170,20130878,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,☁Aaron J CX☁,"Complex combos, fun.Hard to do combos with one hand.Anyways 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,20060179,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ssulcer,"""Beginner"" - proceedes to 56 hit combo me; Equal Skill Level my♥♥♥♥♥ This game is fun when you can find players who play games other than this one lol."
,Recommended,245170,20057454,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,firecharm2012,I love 2D fighting games and before I loved my dark stalkers but this has quickly become one of my favorites
,Recommended,245170,20123298,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Shady,"This game got me in the 2D Fighting games. The art is SUPERB, and every history is AWESOME. You've finnished them? Well this game has better DLCs than Super Smash Bros., and that's hard to achieve. Worth your money if you liked the trailer.10/10 nothing bad about this game, epic moves, music, menu, voice-acting and sexy designs."
,Recommended,245170,20096901,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Viperov,"This game is insane, i own mk10 aswell, but this game much more fun to play, the community is small a litle so if you want to take the game serious you should look for an athor one..."
,Recommended,245170,20115131,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,こうていペングイン2ご,PANTSUBoobsWaifu Material7/7
,Recommended,245170,19398326,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Yan,.
,Recommended,245170,20702039,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Siegvriel,based MikeZ
76561198117107627,Recommended,245170,20702489,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Professor Genius,This game is awesome. people online are way too good though lol.
76561198024317611,Recommended,245170,3533621,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,genericangst,"This is the first fighting game I've played in a while that has a *good* tutorial that explains not just basic mechanics, but each character and more advanced combo techniques. People used to loads and loads of characters like in the SF or MK series might be a little disappointed, but none of the characters are clones of any of the other ones. The story mode actually has a halfway decent story for a fighting game, and the final boss Marie is hard without being an outright cheating ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (I'm looking at you, Shao Khan).Even someone who is terrible at fighting games like myself has to admit that Skullgirls is awesome. Go and play it."
,Recommended,245170,20599157,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Shades2hot,"Hot Girls meets Competitive Fighting.Wait, what? That's already happened before?"
,Recommended,245170,20603079,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,It's a solid 3/5 for me. Hopefully we get a SG2 one day that improves on this one. I really see alot of potential for a long lived franchise here.
,Recommended,245170,20561151,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Mary_sr,This game make me crazy but I like it.
,Recommended,245170,20606341,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Vanellope Von Slutz,"Absolutely fantastic 2D fighter!  Full gamepad support, fluid controls, gorgeous animations. What's not to love? Stop reading this and buy the damn game already. INDIVISIBLE HYPE!"
76561198098323422,Recommended,245170,19161555,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Gazm,"This game is fun as hell, but I got rekt xD"
,Recommended,245170,19157389,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,zesty tacos,"Despite the huge amount of fanservice on this game, it is a very well made fighting game with great controls and varied attacks and doesn't really encourage button mashing if you want to win. Still liked dem ♥♥♥♥♥♥s tho. :D"
76561198093315279,Recommended,245170,17719102,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Davey,Valintine is combo queen so 10/10
,Recommended,245170,17722559,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,10bst3r,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,17544844,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Jason Is A Nerd,"A wonderful Fighting Game with a low skill floor (thanks to it's stellar animations, in-depth tutorial, and cathartic gameplay similar to Marvel Vs. Capcom and Persona 4 Arena) and a high skill ceiling (With it's small, but very well balanced cast, highly customizable training mode that'll let you test anything you need, and phenominal netcode)."
76561198069083316,Recommended,245170,17756015,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mac,buy it
,Recommended,245170,16953571,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Taren-Ko,"This is without a doubt the best fighter of the last 10 years and is easily up there with Third Strike and CvS2. If you love fighters, great storylines, and fantastic characters: this game is for you."
,Recommended,245170,16955366,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,JamalPatonko,This is one of the best fighting game I've ever played.Reasons+ Very useful tutorial mode that introduce all of the system mechanics of this game+ The Gameplay mechanics is easy but not dumb+ Great character design & animation+ Great soundtrackOverall it is a very fun game to play with. For those who are new to fighting game genre this game serve as a good startup game for its not so compicated gameplay compare to other title from this genre.
76561198108562915,Recommended,245170,16956144,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,GameSmashDash,"All I can say is I hope they make another game, I am willing to pay double what I paid for this game if they do make another game. This game has good combos, hard though but I enjoy a true challange, not a false challange and this game does it perfectly."
,Recommended,245170,16958987,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Celeste,beep boop meow
,Recommended,245170,16879487,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Penguin-chan,"it's a great gateway into fighting games, the tutorial is fully capable of teaching anyone from the ground up, and the character design is wonderfully creative"
,Recommended,245170,17012393,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,NK - Néko,Never saw so much porn on the internet of this gameboob/10IGNand the game is good
76561198189125221,Recommended,245170,16968884,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,shadow7918,love it!
76561198046708298,Recommended,245170,16926733,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,flarepie24,absolutely fantastic 2d fighter
,Recommended,245170,16926769,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,The Unyielding,"This game allowed me to have an entry point into an intimidating genre of games, expansive tutorials to help learn all manner of terms and mechanics of fighting games.I love the art style and when you manage to coordinate your first real combo it feels awesome!"
,Recommended,245170,16928084,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,RiddlingMystery,Very Fun Game online is fun if u know how to play fighting games i recommend this game alot and support the devs i have bought this game on many systems and still love playing and replaying it also they update so much things which is awesome like alt voices and many more in the Ui  overall  fun game to play with friends would recommend again
76561198076425091,Recommended,245170,16928178,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Junior Moonts,"What can I say about this game that hasn't already been said? Oh yeah, we need Marie as a playable character! I'm really not into fighting games, mostly because I'm bad at them, but Skullgirls is easy to pick up and learn. They even have in-depth tutorials for each individual character that can end up helping in the long run. This game is 10/10 for me. Or as a friend of mine says: ""Great mate! I rate 8/8!"""
,Recommended,245170,16930774,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Clorox,"Do you like Street Fighter?Do you like Mortal Kombat?Do you like hot women in skimpy outfits beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other?If you said yes to any of these, buy this game."
76561198028380595,Recommended,245170,16317874,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,ElleNz xGOD,Great fighting game....easy to pick up but hard to master. Its kinda easy to do combos too. As of this writing it is still possible to play people online too to test your skills. GGPO is the online network thing so it makes the online play good. Would recommend if you are looking for a fighting game thats not like tekken or streetfighter
76561198095938474,Recommended,245170,16296115,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Elementilist,"pretty swaggy game, is really fun, good for new players, only con i would say is that it's kind of difficult for pc users to get it down but it's really friendly if you practice"
,Recommended,245170,16564291,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Angel Duarte,"Playing with an undead girl with a snake-like monster through her head, fighting a giant man made of saxophones and other wind instruments.10/10 would non-sense again!"
76561198038836436,Recommended,245170,16524536,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Le Qevus,I love this game :)
,Recommended,245170,16529178,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Lacunosa,Gigantic ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and gigantic combos. That's all you really need.
,Recommended,245170,16532599,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kimeron,Yes.
,Recommended,245170,16490413,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,★Pez Rabbit★,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌th 👌 ere👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ 💯  i say so 💯  thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠＯOOＯOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,13287678,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,A Sp00ky Robut,"This game is... Well, it's certainly an interesting one. I certainly recommend it to anyone who's a fan of fighting games or wants to get into fighting games, as it has (As anyone who watches TotalBiscuit would know) a very in-depth tutorial that teaches you the ropes. The gameplay is as smooth and fluid as anything, the characters are extremely unique and interesting (If somewhat limited in quantity, with a current total of 15 compared to, say, Marvel Vs. Capcom 3 which has a total of 50), the universe and lore is quite extensive, and the game just overall has a TON of love and dedication put into it. This game is worth a shot if you're curious, I recommend it to about anyone."
,Recommended,245170,16540121,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,VIXENT666,"I absoulutly love this game!!!sure when I'm playing it you can hear me shouting some choice words at the screen but really it's direted to myself because this game is both amazing sad, and just plain lovely. I really truly do love this title, and recomment it to all from beginners to expert gamers"
76561198114953488,Recommended,245170,16540531,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ayumushirayuki,"One of the best fightings games ive ever played XD :D loved it great visuals and stories(each character has his/her own story) the keyboard was a bit hard though so it's recommend to change them to wasd for movement and jkl for punches and nm, for the kicks(this is my preference yours will vary) and also the charcter count is a bit low but it's still a good variety all in all it's a great game for both beginners and advance players :D hope you enjoy it as much as i do"
76561198061936247,Recommended,245170,16541709,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SnoFox,very good gamei love it
,Recommended,245170,16276171,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,[°BfS°] Tao,If you like fighting games then this is for you.2D fightingarcade 90's console type.I love it since ive played and own guilty gear itsuka and XX. Also had blueblaz calamity trigger as where both of them are 2D fighting games.Only down side of it is you need a CONTROLLER for epic experience. Its very hard controll on keyboard so having a controll is a plus to play this game.
,Recommended,245170,16277743,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Robin,If you like 2D Fighters like Street Fighter or Tekken you will love Skullgirls.
,Recommended,245170,16279570,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Harris Zarhan,"Game is so good with its netcode on the online match but some said that the game is really hard to master since making combo is just a little bit hard to me and matchmaking with pros is not motivating at all. Still, the storyline for each characters are just perfect."
,Recommended,245170,16392793,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Grey,"""I swear I got this for the plot and action"""
,Recommended,245170,13619799,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BelleAubade,"Skullgirls is an excellent fighting game with a varied cast and references aplenty, this being said, story mode is friggin hard. Slay me. Thanks Marie. Just thanks."
76561198046952249,Recommended,245170,13623035,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,K#,"Great characters and simple mechanics entice you to become a master, unlock all the costumes, and beat Marie's 300% ♥♥♥♥♥ass."
76561198030590256,Recommended,245170,13624311,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,C0ULRoPH0BiA* 0r oFF Y0uR MED'S?,Fantastic Game!
76561197972938892,Recommended,245170,13616712,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Falco! My BOi!,"Skullgirls= gret gaim i recommend that ign 10's out of 10 dis gaim, its also good waifu combat.i like squigly, but shes dead, does that make me necrophilia?"
,Recommended,245170,13618881,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,COUNTDOWNTODESPAIR,I wouldn't mind being a character in this game :^)
,Recommended,245170,13650217,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stephen Fry is hot,"Best Indie fighter on the market, but nobody plays non-Capcom games which is a shame. Art is a turnoff for many as well, but it is beautifully drawn"
,Recommended,245170,13650858,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TwoHitGood,The artwork isn't my cup of tea but the gameplay absolutely is and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone who likes fighting games.
,Recommended,245170,13655338,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rat,Fun fighting game with great art style! I'd recomend using a controller too.
,Recommended,245170,13656459,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Azuvector,"Plays like Marvel vs Capcom.Not really a fan, personally, but it's a good game despite personal bias.One of the best tutorials around for a fighting game currently."
76561198116560747,Recommended,245170,13656538,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Michael,# I have been a fan of street fighter and this is very much lik it!
,Recommended,245170,13656993,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Damon Katumaru,"If you where dissapointed with Marvel Vs. Capcom 3 or other capcom's DLC, this game is for you. If you get the DLC while they are free, that's a great deal. If not, the Steam deals make them worth the steal! While it dose have an interesting  design choice, it's a great fighting game that captures the 90's fighting game spirit and puts it into a love letter from fans of the fighting games themselfs."
76561198067116882,Recommended,245170,13657947,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Minty,"This game is amazing. It has anything a guy could want. Women, fighting, women, cool flashy effects, women, cool FLASHY effects ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). But in all seriousness, this game isn't just eye candy. The game offers great gameplay and it isn't the easiest to get started on. Like previous reviewers said, it doesn't reward button mashers. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes fighting games."
76561198112513996,Recommended,245170,13658277,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BlaxTerX,"Es un juego casi entretenido, si te gustan esta clase de juego asi de peleas y esas cosas, ok, esntonces es tu juego, si no ni lo compres, yo me lamento u.U"
76561198036420896,Recommended,245170,13659264,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dirtyfox,A very good visual fighter that takes you in for the asthetics and makes you stay for the solid gameplay and epic battles with friends. 8.5/10
76561198129724257,Recommended,245170,13659499,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vamp,iAmazing!
76561198035790951,Recommended,245170,13661289,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Daviousness,i lik dis gaem
76561198020129747,Recommended,245170,13661942,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,✯☭TheSovietBears☭✯,"""The opposite of a sausage fest""      That is all......"
,Recommended,245170,13662762,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aseinsha,"I dun play much fighting games, I love to, but I just don't have the right mates for local action. But from what little I played this game, its pretty good, worth the $, if you like good fighting games, buy it, wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,245170,13663424,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Samurai Jack TH,"This is animazing! >,< controlls are slick and combos give players the feeling of challenge but never too impossible to accomplish. I recommend this for anyone who wants an alternative unique fighting game! Characters and stage can be more varied tho. I feel like the game lacks the elements for players to keep coming back; you have to be interested to come back. Or else this game may slip away. But whatever my point is, even with a bit of flaws here and there, a bit overwhelming tutorial, this game is a recommendation :) sho animazing"
,Recommended,245170,13666277,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dizzle,An amazing entrypoint into the fighting game genre.
,Recommended,245170,13666306,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hey Zeus,"Get past the boobs and butts, one the best 2D fighting games basically ever. Don't get past the boobs and the butts, you're a perv. Either way, buy it, it's friggin great. Fantastic tutorial to introduce you to fighting game mechanics, diverse characters with unique combos, and all of the art in the game is a hand drawn animated masterpiece. Also boobs and butts, but whatever. Also theres 1 male cyborg character if you feel weird about looking at humans. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,25155729,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Zen | Nikuri<3RepublicanCars,"OMG!!!! Best game ever, DOUBLE FOR THE WIN!!!"
,Recommended,245170,30868956,Posted: 31 March,all,123,"I really enjoy Skullgirl. It's a pretty cool game and the Art is awesome to look at. Skullgirl is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥because she has no knock back, so it's good fun trying to beat her. But Peacock. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥she is hard to beat, so many ranged attacks. I will find a strategy though. Thanks for the game!"
,Recommended,245170,25416253,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GuardCancel,Awesome fighting game; well worth the price just for cool character designs and match-up types. Sad thing is....not enough hugging. It makes me cry sometimes. =(Love the animation and music though. 10/10
76561198109081071,Recommended,245170,26284873,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dr.Flaccid M.D,"Very fun and easy to pick up. The art style is very fitting for this type of game. The hand drawn style is very pleasing to the eyes, and yes so are many of the female characters of the game, so don't worry about that.  Story mode is nothing to write home about but it's there to keep you busy for a while. Combat is fluid and responsive; it is very easy to memorize all the combos for the different characters, especially if you have a main. I main Felia, for reasons, and found it very easy to do well as her. I'm as casual as they get when it comes to fighting games and this was a good buy for me. A gamepad is highly recommended for this game."
76561198097914707,Recommended,245170,25907518,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,da box shpee,fun to play with a friendhowever the online mode is highly frustrating  ; as many people use infinite combos6/10
,Recommended,245170,26124920,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Pvt Devling,The best. Simply the best.
,Recommended,245170,26131168,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Alfaomega20000,At the time of writing i have 50min played. its an awsome game but has some isues with the controles. in the tutorial it just tells you what atack to use not what button the atack is bound to with caused lots of frustration with boath controller and keaboard. this also lead to just buttonmasing in the story mode untill i figuredout what does what. overall its a fun 2d fighter that i would deffinitly recomend picking up.
,Recommended,245170,25874719,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SDM Lorelei,"Looks like a cool fighter, some characters have airdashes (sadly not all of them), customisation and stuff is good.Don't buy the 2nd encore though if you just want to play the game, just get the individual character dlcs instead, much cheaper"
,Recommended,245170,25926642,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,AllFree,it's pretty k
76561198199810617,Recommended,245170,25927890,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shin Marx,"Amazing fighting game, clearly made by a team with a lot of care and love for the genre.A very deep fighting system, a very well drawn and animated presentation, a very well done tutorial, and many other well done features that would make this list too long.My only beef with Skullgirls is that I still suck at it."
,Recommended,245170,30888033,Posted: 1 April,all,lol novus,good
,Recommended,245170,26002291,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Al-Crypt.zu],it's a great fighting game.A must have.The final Badge is awesome :)
76561198117244135,Recommended,245170,26018799,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,King Axel,"Okay but for real, this game can get repetitive as hell, but it dOESN'T GET OLD???Also, the tutorial is really, really good for someone who's never played a fighting game. It's incredibly elaborate, and long. As a person who absolutely sucks at fighting games, I can win a match or two thanks to the tutorial. For anyone who wants a good multiplayer game to play with a few friends, this is pretty good."
76561198063265536,Recommended,245170,27164260,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,beanfun1,Skullgirls is a great fighting game that is easy to pickup and play for anyone experianced with fighting games and teaches newcomers better than any other game I've seen how to play not just skullgirls but fighting games in general.
,Recommended,245170,27189919,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lugman,Skullgirls is a nice little fighting game that really deserves more attention. The story mode is short and sweet and the fighting is great (even though it may take a bit to get used to.) Buy it while it's still on sale!
76561198015092954,Recommended,245170,27271754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Lost Age,"I love this game, best fighting game i've ever played"
,Recommended,245170,27267977,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vhansmurfn,Best fight game for your fight money on steam. Great stick support great characters great netcode.
76561198204690079,Recommended,245170,27255751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Calamity Blaster,WAIFU WARS: THE GAME ft Beowulf & Big Band
,Recommended,245170,27257678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Soudelor,"This game is so great for beginners because it not only teaches you the controls and mechanics, but also provides in-game guides on how to play each character. That's why I nominated it for the best fighting game tutorial for the steam awards"
76561197990001606,Recommended,245170,27256762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Franze,"Sometimes, it seems like everyone forgets this game has a plot.But that's OK, because everyone beats the plot senseless anyways."
,Recommended,245170,16607908,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,swighipt (ღ˘⌣˘ღ),Get it.
,Recommended,245170,16579993,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Dark Descendant,A wonderfully designed game with fantsics cast of fighters and a great story. I would highly recemend it to anyone that is a fan of fighting games and anime.
,Recommended,245170,16632697,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Thunder Chief,"Despite all its flashiness, this game can run on the computer equivelant of a toaster. This is enough to allow me to enjoy it, that and all the unexpected references to other media."
,Recommended,245170,16635421,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,WeatherReport88,A great fighting game for PC. Just make sure you use a controller the keyboard controls are very difficult to use.
,Recommended,245170,16182022,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,lunox,omg waifus + fighting = :100::100::100: :msfortune::msfortune::msfortune::msfortune::msfortune::msfortune::msfortune:
,Recommended,245170,15462339,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Cliff Racer,"All I've got to say is, WOW DO I LOVE THIS GAME! Sadly I get my♥♥♥♥♥wiped when I go online, but you know what they say ""Git Gud"". But besides that this game has great freakin netcode. I'm an Aus player sadly we don't get good internet to begin and get ignored by other players because I'm an Australia player but after playing against a guy in Japan, JESUS THIS GAME HAS GOOD NETCODE! So I do get kinda upset that I get turned down because I have to use the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet provided in Aus despite this game having good netcode :/. But it doesn't turn me down to play Skullgirls, I just have to keep practicing to get better in Ranked battles because it seems it's the only way to get to play with other online users...But anyway this game is ♥♥♥♥ing Fantastic. So everyone should ""STEP ABOARD THE ARWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TRAIN!"""
76561198006897535,Recommended,245170,15706460,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lyonpaw,"nice artwork, very good combat mechanics, music by Michiru Yamane what else can i ask for"
,Recommended,245170,15480026,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Ask me about my Gibbildy Gobbler,"Skullgirls is hands down one of the best fighters ever made.The small roster allows for good knowlage of all characters play styles.Beautiful dark deco art fits right in and doesn't feel out of place.Air-Combos are easy to master and feel amazing to pull off.Charcters have fleshed out back storys (Impressive for a fighter).If I were to say anything bad about this amazing game would be that the all DLC costs a lot, but the games so cheap I normally let that slide. Oh and DLC is free three months after it's released!"
,Recommended,245170,15706838,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lupin2k,is ver gud game very oppai 10/10 2 thums up ok
76561198087370433,Recommended,245170,15692141,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,++ Savant's Path ++ Bec178,"I do recommend this game cause i find it super fun and the characters are fun to play, but on the downside the boss is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ because her endless spam of he skulls and things makes her impossible to hit for some characters; my friends said i should get it, but they forgot to tell me i would NEED a fight stick to play cause the keyboard is complete crap to play on and you can't do♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you mindlessly press randomly."
,Recommended,245170,14151765,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,jahduhlala,"FULL PACKAGE / QUALITYThough the gameplay is fun, and the visuals are beautiful, its greatest strength is itsdistinct/diverse cast of characters (main, side, & background),and their compelling intertwining stories.In the reasonably lengthed campaigns, they tackle some surprisingly heavy stuffwith not too much dialogue."
76561198073867334,Recommended,245170,15967156,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,God Is Dead,"10 outta 10, would buy again."
76561197977434956,Recommended,245170,16195551,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Paxtin,"All anime/waifu jokes aside, this is a genuinely great game that is beautifully animated with wildly creative characters.Even if you're not huge on fighting games, this game is worth playing."
76561198069513994,Recommended,245170,16196240,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,NovuEnova,"I love this game, the DLCs are def needed. The Character desgin is wow."
,Recommended,245170,16196811,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Like Prey,"The soundtrack is great!  At times the combos do feel a bit clunky, but over all a good feel as far as the fighting goes.  Fun artwork.  Solid 7 maybe an 8"
,Recommended,245170,16196918,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tilly Losch,It took me this long just to finish the tutorial.
76561198132102735,Recommended,245170,16197286,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Reggae Shark,It has been a while since I got so engaged with a 2D fighting game. A complex fighting system which will test your reflexes and buitton punching ability. A tutorial that goes not only through the basics of the game but the most advanced techniques. Really challenging
76561198155123254,Recommended,245170,16708575,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Skele-Man,ITS GOOD! THE FINAL BOSS'S ARE ALWAYS CHEAP!! BUT IT'S A GOOD GAME!
76561198066116341,Recommended,245170,16771779,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lizardwizard,"Has durarara reference.10/10 will avoid parents to play again.In all seriousness, I usually dislike fighting games but something about this one felt different. It is very fun to play, and can be very funny if you have a similar sense of humor like mine.My favorite characters are probably Ms.Fortune and Big Band."
76561198102315444,Recommended,245170,16775138,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,JoyJog,"I like the stoyline that diffrent story base that sort of connect to each. Fighting was difficult to block but, ill get use to it."
,Recommended,245170,16784529,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Halaa,"This has quickly become one of my favourite fighting games. Unlike other games in the genre, this one is fairly easy to get into. One of the reasons for this is because it actually has a really good tutorial that introduces some of the concepts of fighting games and some that are unique to this game alone, like infinite breakers. The game is very combo heavy but doesn't rely on near endless combos like you would see in a game like Marvel VS Capcom 3. This is because if a combo becomes too repetitive or too long, the other player has a chance to break out. However, clever players will intentionally drop their combos unexpectedly so that they can reset and keep going.The cast of characters is small, but each character feels very unique. You have rushdown characters like Filia and Ms. Fortune who apply pressure at all times, campy characters like Peacock who are very good at being an annoyance, powerhouses like Big Band who are slow but do tremendous amounts of damage, and grapple based characters like Beowulf and Cerebella who will grab you constantly. My personal favourite character is Squigly who is very good at zoning and creating long combos.Overall, I think this game is great for fighting game veterans and people who want to get into fighting games. I bought it on sale for around C$3.50 and all the DLC for about another C$4.00 and do not regret my purchase. Next time you see this on sale, consider buying it and maybe join me in a fight sometime."
76561198165932697,Recommended,245170,16764290,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Zwataketa,"Street Fight IV, I got for free with Games with Gold. I liked it for a bit, but grew tired of it after a while given how hard it is to use abilities. THIS GAME on the other hand, thank goodness there was a huge sale when it had a free period. Abilities and combos easy to perform, and very unique to each character? A beta available for everyone WITH ALL THE DLC CHARACTERS UNLOCKED FROM THE START!?This is a must for even people who dislike the MVC and SF series's."
,Recommended,245170,18349866,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Hito-senpai,"This game is reel good; I honestly never play fighting games because I suck at them. Skullgirls has an extensive tutorial to learn all its game mechanics which is actually fun as well as hard. Use a controller if you want to hit accurate combos but it's not that hard to use a keyboard if you know how to use the arrow keys like an analog stick. The game uses a style that emulates sprite-like graphics because its all hand drawn, frame for frame. The music is good too. The only thing that hold this game back is the lack of characters; only 13 of them. however, DLC should add more in the future which can be both a good thing, and a bad thing since they are free for three months after they are announced. Overall, Skullgirls gets a thumbs up in my book."
76561198161692855,Recommended,245170,18329289,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,HiPsTeR_DrAgOn,"Remember how if you button-mashed in street fighter or tekken you would die instantly, skullgirls remembers that!"
,Recommended,245170,18346267,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,thewwe4,"Skullgirls is an awesome 2D fighting game. It's a nice starting point for beginners, but also quite advanced for lovers of the genre. The game is full of fighting games, animes and other cultural references that makes it so enjoyable. The singleplayer storylines are pretty amusing and really well designed with a great hand-drawn aesthetic. It's very addicting and fun to play. People who just got the game might find it difficult joining in to play, because the game came out 2 years ago and the people playing are well experienced and pretty good at it, but that doesn't mean you can't have fun. The game gets updated often and it's still very lively.The DLC characters are also worth getting it. The roster may not be big, but it's well balanced. It's just a matter of getting acquainted with your characters.If you enjoy anime, 2D fighting games and hand-drawn art style, this is a great recommendation."
,Recommended,245170,18271879,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Wanton,"This is an excellent game, and I'll give it my recommendation on its multiplayer and mechanics alone. However, if you are interested in single player, and you aren't a savant at fighting games, don't bother. The single player is compitently designed, if not a little easy right up until the end. I was able to beat every enemy on nightmare difficulty, only having to try again once, and I'm fairly new to fighting games. The final boss, Marie, has to be the single worst designed enemy I've encountered in any game. My philosophy on bosses is that they shouldn't be easily beaten, overly designed setpieces, but rather a do or die test of your skills at the game. Marie goes way too far in the opposite direction. She uses fluries of essentially unblockable projectile attacks, shadow attacks, and skeleton mines that will more often than not spawn under your character. Each of these things can knock a quarter of your health off in the easiest game mode. So for a fighter about countering and chaining together intricate combinations, to make the final test a 3 stage bullet hell where everything you've learned to that point is useless, and the only feasable way to win is to spam heavy attacks and pray you don't take a hit, seems like an almost unforgivable mistep."
,Recommended,245170,18271266,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Chseal,"If your looking to get into fighting games in general, Skullgirls is great start without having to rummage through forms to understand whats going on. Everything you would ever need to learn about the game, and other fighting games, is right in the tutorials."
,Recommended,245170,18416684,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,FATbaron,A Waifu fighting game
76561198143871842,Recommended,245170,18392731,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,I only play wrestling games,one of my favorite fighting games i cant stop playing it especcially with squigly
76561198070629402,Recommended,245170,18412385,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,kaiyi01,I like paiOPPAI
76561198072547979,Recommended,245170,18399906,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,papipen0z,best 2d fighter out there now
,Recommended,245170,18429492,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Fynnish,"I bought this game a while back and until recently, I couldn't understand how play this game well enough to enjoy myself because of the way the buttons are called, and how they are layed out on the 360 controller. It wasn't until recently that I gave the game another shot and when actually playing against a friend and accidently pulling of EKG Flatliner (one of Valentine's blockbuster specials) that I was hooked to playing this game. It really is a lot of fun and satisifying to learn when  experimenting and toying with the mechanics of the fight system and character dynamics. It lacks characters a bit and the online you'll find may also ruin your experience (since you'll find that most players online, besides your friends, will play the characters in unfair ways that won't let you enjoy your game of Skullgirls), but beyond that this game really is a quallity play.TL;DR This game is confusing, but a ton of fun. Also you fight with two big boys and a bunch of cute girls."
,Recommended,245170,18303635,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Crafter,"After months of waiting for the Linux version to be released, it's finally here and I can't be happier right now. I can finally say goodbye to my poorly performing wine setup and join the online matches for real (yes, this game was my only reason to have a wine configuration for steam on my linux box).A lot of comments about lack of story are justified and I can relate to most of them, but I have to say they're misdirected. Most gamers in the genre spend >90% their time outside the story mode anyway.I care a lot about good story and characters in a game, but those qualities are not what I look for when I pick up fighting games.As a fighting game, Skullgirls is very accessible to everyone. It's easy to get into for casual matches with friends but deep enough for competitive plays. The training room, in addition to the tutorials, is tremendously useful, introducing important concepts of the genre.My main gripe about the Linux port is that the timing and speed seem to be a bit off, but I guess that's just my system configuration."
,Recommended,245170,18269454,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Theta,"Fun as hell, thank you for the linux release!"
,Recommended,245170,18267711,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Revan,"Noob review:Fun game, a bit hard for me but tutorials are very well made and complete on every aspect of the game and every characters.Note that you can get every new character's DLC for free few months after they're released (currently Robot Fortune and Beowulf are still free but not for a long time)"
,Recommended,245170,18348610,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,The Guy,"This game features:- AI that's pretty good until you get good. Then you switch it to ""Hard"" mode.- An escaped Looney Tunes convict- Pretty good plot for a fighting game, or any game in general, albeit confusing at times- Hot Nazi commander lady with an umbrella gun- Controls that require the reflexes of a fly to pull off on a keyboard- A french maid for the final boss, but still kind of eas- OH GOSH PLEASE STOP USING YOUR ASSISTS- Mai Shiranui if she was an evil nurse- A literal cat burgalar with disembowelment powers and Peter Parker's comedic sense- A fighting game with an actually good (but demanding) tutorial a few miles long- The first clown that not only manages to be both a hitman and not scary, but actually... attractive?- Lots of popular references- The Hulk trapped in Scarecrow's feminine body- ... I'm not even sure what the heck that character is...- Sense of humor that merits laughs every now and then- Really smooth and fluid fighting game mechanics- A pretty amazing game insideAnd with DLC, you can also have:- An Egyptian Scarlet from MK9- One of only 4 (?) male characters in the entire game, a wrestler that uses a chair and wolf mask to fight- The clown lady dressing up as Heavy, and the schoolgirl dress up as Finn- The second robot / clone character in the game- The other robot character in the game, with the most ridiculous hitboxes in the entire game- More awesome parts of the game that, even though they're expensive ($5 A CHARACTER?!), we'll still love them anyways... Overall, this game has a lot of good things."
76561198143332556,Recommended,245170,16217576,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,FlashManGio,Hella fun like a quirky version of mvc.
,Recommended,245170,16218614,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,The Talking Potato,"I was suprised when i played Skullgirls. I expected laggy combat,♥♥♥♥♥♥the sise of Pluto but, IT'S POSSIBLY THE BEST FIGHTING GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED.What you have:SMOOTH COMBATSATISFIYING MOVESBOOBS!(not too big, not too small)LOTS OF GAMEPLAYPRETTY GOOD STORYGREAT NETCODEJust buy it, it's insaneley cheep."
76561198101859739,Recommended,245170,16218802,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Dr. Faustus,"Great Game! Great art, likeable characters, wonderful music. story lines are a bit lacking but who actualy plays those anyways? J.K."
,Recommended,245170,16219144,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,P.T.,This game is amazing and love the amount of sharacter skins in this game. ALSO PATT AND WOOLIE!
76561198139698551,Recommended,245170,16223433,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,sempiternal,"only boobs delay unavoidable rage quit, hard as hell, funny as hell, playable as hell10/10"
,Recommended,245170,16224206,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Narkotik Niklas,"On my wishlist for almost two years , finally in my library :3(Why does everyone play beta more? Including me)"
76561198018053581,Recommended,245170,16224628,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,momowomo,10/10 would punch again
,Recommended,245170,16224643,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,SaladSnack,"Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game that is solid for beginners and veterans of fighting games alike. It's a great starting point if you want to learn how to play 2D fighters. The tutorials in Skullgirls are probably one of the best of any fighting game; it teaches you the fundamentals in a simple manner. Gameplay is pretty standard like most fighting games; you have arcade mode, story mode, local and online versus mode. Online is pretty smooth; even against people with 200+ ping, GGPO makes it tolerable. One feature to note is a combo breaker; if a combo extends too long, you can burst out of it. Graphics aren't exactly top notch, but the visuals are great. Backgrounds are detailed and the characters are well drawn. The soundtrack matches the theme, and one of the composers, Michiru Yamane, is notable for having worked on Castlevania games before.Overall, not a bad game, and it's fairly cheap at US$15(non-sale price). If you happen to get it during a sale, get the DLC characters to expand your playable roster. Keyboard is not recommended, I suggest using a gamepad or arcade stick.NOTE: You can fight against people who have the DLC characters; you're just locked out from playing them yourself.Summary:+ Tutorials are great, teaches you how to play+ Visually pleasing, but nothing spectacular+ Soundtrack is appropriate and enjoyable+ Most cases, no major issues with online multiplayer= Gameplay is pretty standard for a fighting game; not a bad thing= When not on sale; the game with all the DLC characters costs around US$30= As with most fighting games, keyboard is unsuitable; play using a gamepad or fight stick"
76561198053238622,Recommended,245170,16839816,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Būsch Chō,"This game is pretty fun, informative tutorial, amazingly animated sprites. Online is brutal as all hell, people can pull off insane 150+ hit combos and you are just forced to watch, and is that a terrible feeling"
76561198077330598,Recommended,245170,16843028,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Chem Dog,2D Porn Fighter
76561198118130065,Recommended,245170,16238823,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Sock.wav,9/1000 GOT BUT KICKED MANY TIME TOOO MANY BOOB
,Recommended,245170,16297381,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,bashdash4,"This game knocks it out of the park in terms of presentation. Really beautiful stages with attention to detail, well-made, hand drawn and animated characters, excellent music and decent voice acting. The fighting system in the game is also really good, allowing you to create really long combos so long as you're creative and don't do the same string in one combo twice.The game is a blast to play with friends. I do recommend playing some single player matches first to get into the game(as well as playing the really excellent tutorial). However, after a bit, the single player starts being a bit boring and not fun anymore after a few hours, especially considering the final boss of the arcade/story mode ranges from cakewalk to annoying to downright evil.If you're unlike me and have friends WHO WILL ACTUALLY WANT TO PLAY THE GAME WITH YOU, definitely pick this one up. However, I would also recommend waiting for a sale to pick it up, as I don't really feel it's worth full price."
76561198108736806,Recommended,245170,16297743,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ryan,"I bought this for the story and gameplay I swear.But seriously, fantastic fighting game. Just practice air juggling. (It's key to winning on versus)"
,Recommended,245170,24516530,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Emumil,My friend refuses to play this with me after I no-lifed it.10/10 would lose connection to the outside world again.
,Recommended,245170,25306504,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Life is sour,"A very good game, no doubt.I recommend playing with a controllerplaying with the keyboard is very hard"
,Recommended,245170,25334389,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vro,Hot Grills bashing other hot grills' skulls. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,16143706,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Frisky mama,"What a great God damn game. Awesome and tight gameplay, interesting characters and an excellent tutorial. You can tell it was a labour of love. Now If only more people played it."
76561198124394061,Recommended,245170,27600456,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MatsuoBomber,"I love this game, I'm typically not a fighting game type of person, but this game is by far my favorite, a definite must play. The story and how it all intertwines is really fascinating. The gameplay is really fun and easy, and landing hits is rather satisfying."
,Recommended,245170,27546703,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AceOfSpades,amazing stories: checkhyper combos: check♥♥♥♥♥♥ checkBig Band: checkpotential to troll the ♥♥♥♥ out of friends: check
,Recommended,245170,16950915,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Krooki,100 hours and im still garbage
76561198257558566,Recommended,245170,27970093,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,furi,"Good game for much advanced 2-D fighters, but newer players can find a lot of fun from it too. Tutorial mode is excellent, it's beginner friendly and gives information for even older fans. Animation is gorgeous, character designs are unique and you will definitely find your favourite from a various cast."
76561198018849498,Recommended,245170,27991707,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SelfishNOW,"A game that has taken a beating through release, but decides to keep fighting.  SG and LZ deserve respect for what they've done.  Also, great tutorial (once it was updated), helped me to start playing even more fighting games."
76561198046346722,Recommended,245170,31249583,Posted: 19 April,all,Nong Nong,"Amazing game! although it's hard for beginners to learn at the start, but still the gameplay is good enough to kept beginners to learn"
,Not Recommended,245170,30856563,Posted: 31 March,all,iSAAkE,Very Unfriendly to keyboard Users
,Recommended,245170,20605920,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,tuna noodle,nice
76561198142792769,Recommended,245170,32697912,Posted: 23 June,all,DragonPants101,"Amazing game, although jumping in later will give quite the difficulty curve"
76561198363588145,Recommended,245170,32761175,Posted: 25 June,all,xeno/mewtwo hybrid,"This has to be one of the best game i played, but play it with friends if you can its better that way."
,Recommended,245170,32800433,Posted: 25 June,all,IGuessImRidingADinosaur,"I liked this game, and then I played MsFortune, and now I love it"
,Recommended,245170,27583050,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ダークニーチャン™,"Combo's, Boob Physics, and More !!!!!Skullgirls is a really good 2-D fighting game for those who want to try something a lil untradtional. the controls are universal so  you could play keyboard, fight stick and controller on one setup."
,Recommended,245170,32868823,Posted: 27 June,all,Salad,"Gentlemen and Ladies, its showtime!"
,Recommended,245170,32863479,Posted: 27 June,all,"Hey Vsauce, Michael Here.","Great game, my favorite fighting game. Well crafted and cared for."
76561198049692343,Recommended,245170,32732933,Posted: 24 June,all,Begunister,"Street Fighter with waifus :)Also beautiful art style and smooth gameplay, combo heaven"
76561198042810708,Recommended,245170,32725411,Posted: 24 June,all,JoJo★,"Me and my friends really enjoy this.It's fun, fast paced, and just right up my alley."
,Recommended,245170,18141096,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Fam4sta,Great game with great soundtrack and interesting and unique caracters!
76561198145311576,Recommended,245170,18164213,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,No_Life,I CAN BE A JASON VOORHEES ROFLCOPTER! 10/10 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198047548223,Recommended,245170,18702054,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ness Keyhand,"Hey you ! Yes, you ! Have you ever wondered if your life was complete ? Have you EVER SEEN boobi-licious ladies fight to the death in an arena ? Have you ?Oh, I see ! HAVE YOU SEEN A MONSTROSITY WHO EATS HER HAND IN A FREAKIN LOOP FOR INFINITY BEING BEATEN THE CRAP OUT OF BY A HUGE SAXOPHONE ? WELL I DID !So, is your life complete ? No ? Well, you know what game to invest in !"
,Recommended,245170,18593250,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Owl,"Skullgirls got me before the launch day because the way that the developers talk to players on social networks, always asking questions, asking for opinions and whenever in their spare time if they were making something to the game, they would stream and they would answer questions willingly.I had my childhood ruled by King of Fighters, and in recent years I have played a lot of BlazBlue, so I'm used to the four-button system and avoid games with six buttons (except for Marvel vs. Capcom and Street Fighter) but Skullgirls, with the developers' love, made me give it a try -- and I'm not repentant!Among the strong points of the game, there is the tutorial. It's simple enough and intuitive for those are just starting out, but pretty solid for those who already have some experience. The animation's good mood helps to forgive any small flaw that the game might have, because it isn't pretentious or arrogant, it is a friendly and simple game. Because of all this, the game is enjoyable to play even at online matches, unlike most of the fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,18780587,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SweetCreamPie,Enjoyable game. Very fun. I'm not good at reviews.
,Recommended,245170,18774495,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,erosyte,"Even though I'm no pro player in fighting games,there's nothing to dislike about the game. Fun, easy to get into, beautifully drawn and lots of bewbs."
,Recommended,245170,18805650,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,The WhiteGold,they have Zone-tan appear as a background character.....100/10 would lose to the Cpu again just to see her again
76561198127532721,Recommended,245170,18829885,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,XXXTenticon,"This game cannot be played with a keyboard. You can of course still play it with your keyboard, but what I'm trying to say is that it is very hard on keyboard and was obviuslly made for use of a controller. The actuall game is quite fun. It has the basic fighting game controlles, and the caharects are very different providing lot's of variaty. Overall I give this game a 7/10."
,Recommended,245170,12285995,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Visiorex,"PLEASE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY, THIS REVIEW IS LENGTHY BUT CONCISE:This is a really nice fighting game. Despite my meager sum of hours at this point (7.4) and my limited experience with fighting games in general, this game really helped me learn the general meta of fighting games through its insanely well put together tutorial. Any beginner should really pick this as their first fighting game if they can, and if they've been having trouble getting into fighting games, this game should put them right in there. The only catch is that if you want to get into it, you HAVE to play the tutorial. That said, my assumption is that this game has enough depth for any experienced player to hop right in and enjoy (of course utilizing the tutorial and training mode to get comfortable with each character).In terms of the playability, I am pleased. It has liquid smooth gameplay (as far as I'm concerned) and runs at a rock solid 60 on my Lenovo ThinkPad Yoga. I personally play with the keyboard, since my options involve a 360 controller and said keyboard (and trust me, the controller doesn't do this game any favors - the keyboard is DEFINITELY the better choice). That being said, if you don't have a fight stick, don't feel like you can't play this game and if you have a controller, don't use it. One character I've run into that gives me issue with not having a fight stick is Cerebella, because one of her blockbusters involves a 360 motion, and that is difficult to replicate with wasd. Another character that gave me trouble was Peacock, because one of her blockbusters involved cancelling a grab into said blockbuster, and I was having trouble because my keyboard is bluetooth, and the latency is too slow (so basically this one is negligible, since I did manage to pull off the blockbuster in the end).RECOMMENDED KEYBOARD BINDINGS:W-UPS-DOWNA-LEFTD-RIGHTJ-LKK-MKL-HKU-LPI-MPO-HPSPACE-PauseENTER-SelectIf desired (for team play):;-Macro 1P-Macro 2Leave all other commands unbound.The character cast is pretty small, two of which (Squigly and Big Band) I do not have, so that leaves me with 8 playable characters: Double, Filia, Ms. Fortune, Peacock, Cerebella, Valentine, Parasoul and Painwheel. However, each character comes with an amount of depth that shows each of them has been crafted with utmost care. Unfortunately, the amount of play time I have does not allow me to discuss the balancing of each of the characters, so I'll leave that to someone with more time in the game.This game is for one to two players. The gameplay is pretty good, and this I CAN talk about in terms of balance, because there are three ways to play, and each player doesn't necessarily need to choose the same one. The three ways are: one character, two characters and three characters. To balance it out, the damage and health of each character is divided by the amount of characters on a team. When a player has more than one character, the player can use assists, even during blockbusters, and you can also switch between characters, which CAN deal damage.I have not used the ranked internet play, though I hear the netcode is solid. I HAVE done two person local play, and this works very well, as I was using my keyboard and the other person was using my controller.Some extra good points involve the simplest key binding process I have ever seen in a fighting game and also a phenomenal jazzy soundtrack that I bought and consequently listen to in order to relax or do work.In terms of the poor points in this game - I personally can only think of one, and that's the fact that I'm not proficient enough with fighting games to find any flaws.Hope this review was helpful,Visiorex"
,Recommended,245170,12290074,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,GrottoesK,"Best 2D fighting game I've ever played. Fluid and smooth animation combine with Alex Ahad's unique art style just make it right! Each fighters are unique in their own ways, some are very easy to learn or to create a killer combo, some are for more advanced player. Background musics are also one of my favourite thing about this game, this is a must try."
76561197980278314,Recommended,245170,10942330,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Psyk0pathik,"surprisingly good 2D fighter game. simply mashing keys won't get you the win. beautifully drawn and imaginative characters (with fanservice)if you like games like mortal Kombat or Streetfigter Super Deouble Deluxe Extra Large Yolo Swag 2 Champion Special Edition, you will enjoy this fighter.EDIT: get an xbox 360 controller (windows compatable version with USB dongle) to play. its way more fun for fighting games."
76561197998833366,Recommended,245170,12431594,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Calsem,"Best fighting game I've ever played.  On the other hand, it's preety much the only fighting game I've played."
,Recommended,245170,12433431,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Sammy-Chan,This is one of the best looking games I have ever played and also one of the most interesting fighting games.The gameplay while standard fighting does tone up the difficulkty by not all characters having the same move set with different abilities. Finding it easy to play but hard to master.
76561198066980701,Recommended,245170,12297622,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Cacique,"Skullgirls is a fantastic game with amazing art and an outstanding combat system. The game is perfect for everyone, from beginners to pros, this game wghile entertain you for days and months. There are not many characters, but from the ones that you get with the vanilal version you can have endless amount of fun. If you want to get into fighting games or just want to have a good time, this is the game for you. 11/10. Would play again and forever."
,Recommended,245170,12301939,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,ghroth,I enjoy this game in both playing and spectating it.
,Recommended,245170,12365073,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Dem,"Pro's :-Great Graphic Style-Cute Characters-Great storylines in Story mode, giving depth to the toons.-Fun Combos, reminiscent of Capcom's Pocket Fighter...you'll laugh at some of them ^^.-Easy to learn, and combos are easy to pull off due to fairly forgiving control mapping.-Good variety of fighting styles across characters.-Great fighting fun with friends in big screen mode!-Loads and loads of fan art unlocked in game!-Great MusicCons:-*Online* - Matchmaking is arranged via ping, not player skill.-*Online* - Unforgiving for casual players due to the fact you can't fight by skill/rank.-*Online* - If you're a begginer expect to be destroyed by 70 hit combos-In single player mode, the last boss is easy to beat buy simply rinse and repeating one move (you gotta find out what one that is though :P)Conclusion:Skullgirls is a fun fighter, worth the asking price, especially if you're a fighting game fan willing to put in the time it will take to master online play, and kick serious boot-ay.Single player mode is over quick, but the Story mode is worth it for the background on all the girls (and guy), and unlocks 2 more toons (Valentine and Double) stories.Personal Rating: Fun, buy it if you like fighting gamesPercentage Rating: 80% - Fast Paced combat, with a steep learning curve if you want to dominate online."
,Recommended,245170,12316464,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Farbe of Time,"I love the art and art style. It is kinda weaid when you first start out, but when you get the hang of it it is lots of fun."
76561198055451973,Recommended,245170,12318247,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Fedora Lord,"Truly fun 2d fighting game. Enoyable for old and new players, and it features possibly the best fighting game tutuorial ever. I recommend it to anyone who has ever wanted to be good at fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,12318392,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,monarchslime,2-D Hyper fightans at its best. Too bad nobody plays it. Squigly is best girl.
,Recommended,245170,12321215,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Babatron (ง˘ω˘)ว,It's K
,Recommended,245170,12306395,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Megic,big boobs :B1:
76561198065939698,Recommended,245170,12309555,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,BlueScarabGuy,"Possibly the best fighting game ever made by a western developer. With great characters who both look great and play well, an interesting story, and top-of-the-line mechanics coupled with a tutorial that's only rivaled by Xbox One exclusive Killer Instinct, Skullgirls is an absolute must for anyone even mildly interested in fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,12310330,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Gunstar Green,Great Fighter. Rewards tech play. Plays best on pc. I also have played it on ps3 and xbox. PC version is the most smooth.
76561198064639393,Recommended,245170,12310712,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Rico,Nice Fighting game
76561197964390981,Recommended,245170,12314049,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Experiment199,"Love the art, fantastic controls and impressive combat"
,Recommended,245170,12254350,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ateng,"It's noob-friendly, ample challenge for vets, have a good netcode and you can have your waifu fight another people's waifu, what else can you ask for?"
76561197989724835,Recommended,245170,12255320,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ozma,"♥♥♥♥♥♥s, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and mo ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Buy This Game"
,Recommended,245170,12257850,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,snowkie,This games rocks hard! fighting game with juggling mechanic and over the top movelist... I'm sold!
76561198058861414,Recommended,245170,12227601,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ComradePB,"As someone who was just getting into the 2D-Fighting genre I was a little unsure about whether or not I would be able to handle Skullgirls. I am pleased to say that this is one of the best games I have played in a very long time. Great art style, a terrific cast of interesting characters, excellent controls, a soundtrack filled to the brim with smooth jazz, more references than I can count, and an extensive tutorial on 2D-fighting basics along with character specific tutorials cater to both veterans and newbies alike. If you get this game, you will not regret and if you are just starting to get into 2D-fighters, I highly recommend you start here. Just watch out when you go online; some of those guys are out for blood."
,Recommended,245170,12265939,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Lord Sherbert of Hattes,"You know how Dark Souls tagline is ""Prepare to Die""? That should be Skullgirls's tagline too, because this game is so hostile to newcomers it makes Dota 2 look like Mavis Beacon. The game itself is an extremely well tuned and finely crafted fighting game, with lots of personality. The unique character design and gorgeous animation is also of some note. The fighting style is that of massive combo strings, and that will turn off most straight away. The story is your prototypical fighting game story, but it's the multiplayer that SHOULD keep you going. SHOULD as in unless you are willing to study like a college student, it will do absolutely nothing for you, because you will never win. Even in the Beginner servers, you will have your♥♥♥♥♥trashed over and over and over again. So yeah, if you were looking for a fun casual fighting experience, STAY AWAY."
,Recommended,245170,12342782,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,FEED MEEE,Do you have three hands?I feel as though the women are beautiful it is nearly impossible to keep it going because the controller requires two hands.
76561198019639861,Recommended,245170,12343633,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Mew²,Skullgirls! A nice little indie fighter with characters you can grow fond of. The characters in the game are few but each unique. With a cartoony anime style and sexy character you all can enjoy.This game is really good for new fighters in the fighting game community. Like all button smasher you can pull off great combos but in this game is give you a great tutorial that teaches you everything you need to know when playing (something more fighting games should do). Plus the game runs smoothly on most computers.Sure the story is a bit lacking but it makes it up with the fights. Also this game allows you to choose from fighting by yourself or with two assisting characters other games don't allow.I've been playing this game for only a while now but I'm already in love with this game and I recommend buying to play on your free time.
,Recommended,245170,12331588,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,CPT.CAPSLOCK,TubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTubaTUBA!
,Recommended,245170,12324634,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,SFDvus,Perfect
76561198034076011,Recommended,245170,12338694,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,stikstikley,"Great looking, and fun fighting game thats not too hard to get the hang of."
76561198151384675,Recommended,245170,12238702,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Gregory,"Boobs, seriously.I was expecting a 2-D fighting game.And this is what I get. =X"
,Recommended,245170,12244303,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Nekalis,An awesome fighting game that even newbies can have fun with. The visuals may be unapealling to some though.
,Recommended,245170,12278686,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,RaverCrow,"This game is pretty good, I would definitely recommend this to pretty much everyone. You can try playing with one hand, although it wouldn't work out well for this, I would suggest Monster Girl Quest if that's the type of playstyle that you're looking for. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,12383237,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Bungo Chungis,Great game. Fantastic fluid animations. Great variety of characters but very difficult. Deffinitly not a casual fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,12396113,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Deku [Strat],"Holy ♥♥♥♥ is this game awesome! 10/10 should buy this game right the ♥♥♥♥ now.  I warn you however: if you anger easily, be careful where you aim your rage punches."
,Recommended,245170,15990169,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,*LASER NOISES*,"Please buy this game. No, really. Please do.It's a truly one-of-a-kind fighting game, and it has been a huge part of my life since the initial release (in case you're wondering, I bought this game THREE times since; hence my short amount of time on Steam). The characters and stages look amazing, the controls and mechanics are brilliant, and the community is a fun bunch to be around. It's a pretty outstanding game that breaks away from the monotony of your typical AAA fighting game. Plus, it has a pretty nice learning curve, which is always nice!In summary: Read the first line. You'll love it.P.S.: Controllers are preferred for this game, but I know a few people who are pretty good on keyboard, so it's up to you on that."
,Recommended,245170,15982088,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Downer Queer Cunt Extreme,Great fighting mechanics....... I got it for the fighting.
76561198024095883,Recommended,245170,15983198,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Dimitri Dildorodov,"- Change name to 'Floyd Mayweather'- Play Versus, Quick Match- Pick any character- Poke enemy couple of times- Block the rest of his attacks for the entire match- Occasionally grab(hug) and poke- Block and dodge, don't get damaged- Wait for timer to end- WinGame is excellent, so is it's included 2D animated lady jugs, combo fests, and KO by falling teacup. Love this fighting game. 11/9"
76561198141303718,Recommended,245170,16250781,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Urzael,"Skullgirls, is a very fun game. I had played it for hours, without even trying the demo for it, I had bought it. It was one thing I had bought much recently. -- And all the games I had bought recently, this is one of my favorite so far. I had immense fun playing all the characters. My few favorites at the moment being Beowulf, Painwheel, and Miss Fortune. I give this game an 9.5/10, with the Red Sun seal of awesomeness. It is highly reccomended to have if your steam library, it is a fast pace fighter game, and deals out some rather interesting characters, the score ( Music ) Of the game is epic.Though it was repetative at times, it was rather badass, my favorite OST being Marie's, the final boss's theme. It had me feeling like I was fighting a scary necromancer, and that I was the one to take it down. There are some problems with this game, such as the controls being hard to get around, most fighting games have their light attacks mapped to A, B, X, Y on the controller. Though this game's attacks are mapped to RT, RB, LT, LB; making it a hard time to get used to the combat.Another problem I had encountered is that the normal difficulty is actually HARD. (Shocker! I know right?) No, it was actually difficult. The final boss, being broken in her defensive systems. The other enemies you had fought a long the way being easier to take down, to progress through the rather (Short) stories.Though I do see why you shortened the stories, you want people to get to the action, not care much about the story. (Most fighting games use this cliché) It had a rather bland level layout. Though the layout brought back nostalgia, as I remembered how the olden fighting games were, with bystanders watching the fight.A third and final problem I had found in the whole game, is that most of the characters are over powered, and broken when used by the A.I. As stated above, Marie is a hell of a boss, with an insane amount of defense, and offensive power. The other two characters who are broken, are Big Band; he is massive, deals out a lot of damage, and is faster than most characters. It was very upsetting to fight him, and I rage quit his fight multiple times. The other two who are annoyingly over powered are Beowulf, he can spam his attacks and land massive combos. As well as Peacock, the bomb throwing girl; she'll stand at one side of the map and will not let you move, or get anywhere close to her. She was a boring fight; and I sometimes refused to fight her.Though there were more good than bad in this game..Pros:Fun charactersMemorable charactersGreate soundtrack, (To those who enjoy music without any lyrics in it.)Nostalgic level designsCharacters can have color changes, and such.First 2-D I had enjoyedWell written storiesStories tie up, and show what would happen after each person killed the ""Skullgirl.""Cons:Broken charactersNormal difficulty, is challenging.Can get repetativeSexual content. (Panties, and bras, one girl's shirt falls off on one side. Large breasts on the nurse character, they are literally popping out of her shirt.)Tying up loose ends:This game is reccomended, it deserves to be in anyone's steam library. I will be playing more of this game; it was the most enjoyable time I have ever had in a fighting game, in my opinion it is more fun than Mortal Kombat. This game will always be played by me, and when I get the money I plan on buying all of the DLC. So the company who made this, continue what you're doing. Continue making these games, and push out more products! -- Stay Awesome -- RED SUN."
,Recommended,245170,16252114,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,bhse1995,"a few thingsfirst off, Beowulf was released almost 2 months ago and no one bothered to tell mesecond, I there is a sequel planed for this coming out sometime this year I thinkthird, this is a great game!!!"
76561198122996554,Recommended,245170,16252282,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,duende_senpai,"Awesome feel, awesome gameplay.Kinda hard to play, but not so hard to learn.Remind me old fighting games.Also: in love with all the jazz."
,Recommended,245170,16252474,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Microsoft Word™,"Fun and light-hearted , SkullGirls is a Darkstalkers-esque fighting game with a creative cast of fighters and a user friendly combat system. My only gripes would be with the over-the-top fanservice and lack of backstory in some campaigns, but i find it a small nit-pick as the game's tone fits the over-the-top-ness of the gameplay as a whole. a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,245170,16252540,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Xcrypto,1 hour...1 hour was enough to convince me to buy this game which I have never heard of.It was because of the boss in one of the story modes.This is harder than street fighter and art style is unique and there is jazz.Whoever did this has a very high quality of taste and enjoyed making every aspect of this game.....And this game made me use my xbox 360 controller which I have not been using for a while.I will re-edit this review (re-review) it once I am finished with the whole story mode..and buy the damn game right now.
,Recommended,245170,16253882,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Aya,I want to hold hands with Filia10/10
,Recommended,245170,16253980,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Beautiful,Love this game
76561198064857961,Recommended,245170,16254182,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,koops6899,Great game. Best fighter I've played in a while.
,Recommended,245170,16255157,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mə(r)hjuːmən,nice game
76561198128153245,Recommended,245170,16256711,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Rik!,"hell yeah, this game's endless-combat system made me mad!i'm so excited to learn more!"
,Recommended,245170,16257040,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,IcyMcSpicy,You should buy at least five copys of this game and give them to  random people who look sad and bighten up their day.This game is that amazing
,Recommended,245170,16257427,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Leaniv,Is good only for the tutorial
,Recommended,245170,16242790,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Commander of ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),i started playing this instead of studing for examsi regret nothing
76561198153386078,Recommended,245170,16242953,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Erina,amazingly fun
76561198228283444,Recommended,245170,18404995,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Terumi_Yuki19,Finally got myself this for my birthday! So happy tho :D
,Recommended,245170,18478662,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bendy The Dancing Demon,A fun little fighting game that is kind of like Blaze Blue.
,Recommended,245170,18529044,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,「 Rush 」,It's a fighting game with girlswhat more to ask
,Recommended,245170,18500052,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,The King of Diddling,"Despite the fact that at first glance, this is just a video game version of the terrible anime cliche of having all of the girls being super hot, this actually has a story. Not just a story, though, as it is an expanding story in that you are able to choose a character and explore their unique, yet short, stories involving themselves and the latest Skullgirl. In each one, you see the character you have chosen be put in a situation which forces them to go to the cathedral where the Skullgirl is hiding.Besides the story, there is the added benefit of being able to see beautiful pieces of art, unlockable by simply playing each characters story mode. The art in this game had got to be some of the best art that I have ever seen. It will provide you with many different PC backgrounds, and even cell phone backgrounds.All in all, I'd say that even if this game has a sale which places it only at a measly $10, you shoould still get it."
76561198059257951,Recommended,245170,18504202,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Pvt.Toaster,YES PLEAS buy it now
76561198004746254,Recommended,245170,9083099,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,eX,"Seriously, why don't you have this game yet? IT FREAKING ROCKS. Amazing animation, fun characters, great mechanics, awesome soundtrack. IT'S FREAKING BOSS, JUST GET IT. SERIOUSLY."
,Recommended,245170,17776151,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Cooljay,"A very nice game to play. It has gone through many changes over the years. Encouraging players to be creative with their combos but also now to get the most damage out of each hit as well with the drama bar. The combo systemis still very unique to come up with alot of various playstyles from aerial combos, ground based combos like street fighter, rarely useable due to the IPS but possible is jump in to jump in combos and other stuff. I'd recommend it, but it takes alot of work to get used to this game."
76561198083667606,Recommended,245170,13601809,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Keyeo Vanity,"if you wanna go and reck things this is the game for you. I've always enjoyed fighters, and I must say this one has a unique feel to it that is absolutly amazing."
,Recommended,245170,17672625,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Schmerz,3/5
,Recommended,245170,17678533,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Live Type,FUN Fighter!Boobs!9/10
,Recommended,245170,14968228,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,{ANS}Wolf1994,Good 2D fighter. :3
76561198031562310,Recommended,245170,7729574,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Misaio the Demoness,"This game, oh dear glob, this f**kin' game.  It's more than just over-sized anime♥♥♥♥♥♥and short skirts.  Anyone that loves strong female gaming characters, fun fighters, interesting storylines, or evil, shape-shifting monsters MUST play this."
,Recommended,245170,14973073,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,euf,MvC2; Loli edition
76561197998073742,Recommended,245170,15201445,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[fc23]defltProgrammer[KoA]{KoK},"great step by step tutorial on how the fighting game mechanics workincludes frame box data in traning modegreat art , visuals looking absolutey stunning  sound is also greatnot enough characters hopefully this changes in the future"
76561198017548543,Recommended,245170,15276288,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Magnaomega,"It is a awesome game, with unique character designs, beautiful animations and sexy girls! And of course a good combat flow."
76561198044803176,Recommended,245170,15419915,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MokouFujiwara,Very fun figther.Cute girls.Bdsm action with hot girls.Best game ever.10/10 would not want to play infront of regular friends.
,Recommended,245170,15419919,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Talisign,"Do you like fighting games? This is for you. If you don't, this game can and will get you into fighting games. Best tutorials ever"
,Recommended,245170,15421271,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,shishkababoo,"If you like retro fighters and sick art, you'd love this game. It takes time to pick it up, but it's fun when you get the hang of it. My only compaint is that it's impossible to play without a controller."
76561198001600041,Recommended,245170,15421371,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Pulsar,"Back in 2013, a friend of mine had been raving for the release of the port on PC. At the time I was not at all familiar with fighting games, nor did I intend to be. Shortly after he first showed me the game I bought myself a copy, since then I have gotten basic knowledge (First I self taught to win against the computers with simple mix ups that just worked on the harder difficulties, I mostly played on a secondary version I had torrented in order to play on a school computer) By the time 2014 rolled around I had taken a break, then saw that Big Band had been added, after a quick relearning of the game I began to play again, even got a fightstick. I actually went through the tutorial more and learned quiet a lot.This game is a great game if you like, or would like to get into, any of the following:Fighting gamesFun charactersChallengeT 'n' AI think for me the biggest part of skullgirls, is each time I come back to it I get better than the last some how.And hell yeah I would recommend this game to anyone that can appreciate a good game"
76561198078889698,Recommended,245170,15421857,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Bako,"Insanely fun game,I highly recomend it however it has one problem: NOT ENOGH CHARACTERS!"
76561198064491697,Recommended,245170,15423758,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shinbowl AKA KissShotHeart,"This is my first review so please bare with me on thisPros,*unique, dynamic artstyle*great tutorial mode*even with a cast of about 8 characters(doing this off the top of my head) its still pretty diverse,*no 2 characters are even remotely the same*Infinite Prevention System (basically makes it so that you can't have touch of death combos)*""Undizzy"" system (basically makes it so that there can't be super long combos that build tons of meter)*combos aren't hard to do, and they aren't restricted to, this character can only do this combo, there's tons of combos that you can do.*super fun even when you're losing(just opinion like this entire review)*2d bewbs....... what I'm just into that stuff.Cons*Difficult to get very good at even if you can do the tutorial mode*Very difficult to be competitively succesful with just one character, so you have to learn at least 2*In terms of player skill level, there's no middle ground, either you know what you're doing or you don't*Although the game isn't execution heavy, its still kind of difficult to do specific combos if you don't practice*Wait Fillia's not 18......... oh well at least we still have Parasoul.Quick overviewPersonally I love this game to death, it's one of the first fighting games I decided to competitively play(or at least try to). The gameplay is pretty fast, especially to the untrained eye. To people who are watching videos to find out whether or not they should buy this game, you might have noticed this, you might feel a bit like gohan when he's watching that one fight in dbz. The game by nature of air combos, IPS, and the ""undizzy"" system, is very reset heavy. To non fighting game players, what this means is that, this game is centered around getting a hit comboing, then perhaps setting up a situation where you can get another hit and continue comboing. Please note that there are no touch of death combos in this game. Learning to combo is probably more important in this game than in Street Fighter or BlazBlue. So for newer players this might be a bit of a turn off. But trust me, its pretty easy to learn combos. Thanks to the chain system, (basically, you can press lets say, light punch, medium punch, then hard punch and the attacks will ""auto combo"" or the more used term, ""chain"") the place where most newer fighting game players will probably be confused is when it comes to launching your opponent, but if you do the tutorial it shouldn't be a problem. Plus there are tons of basic combos online, just make sure that the version of the game in the video is up to date. Any way, onto some other stuff, so lets go over characters, this game is pretty diverse when it comes to characters, in terms of design and actual gameplay. To a newer player you might think that every character is rushdown and offensive based, with the exception of Peacock and maybe Parasoul. But actually its not really true. Every character can be played in many different ways, but there are optimal ways to play the character. The way you know what kind of character(rush down, grappler, etc.) you're playing, is how your character is supposed to play the neutral. For example, Peacock wants to play the neutral on the opposite side of the screen and chucking stuff at you at a distance, but for Fillia, she desperately wants to get into your face and just destory you, to do that she does a lot of dashing on the ground and lots of jumping HP because it has a huge hitbox. Or you have a character like Parasoul, she has good normals(a move that doesn't require a joystick motion), a projectile to use full screen, command normals for a threatening low high mixup, and a huge hitbox on Jumping HP, she's capable of playing a full screen neutral game, but also she can get in and rush people down. In terms of artstyle, stages, and aesthetic stuff, its really different, the artstyle is reminiscent of the batman the brave and the bold series, but still looks very unique. The backrounds are filled with funny references to other game series and FGC stuff too. Also the backrounds are animated as well, if you don't think your computer can handl it that's ok there's an option to turn that off in the options menu.ConclusionFor about 15 dollars, you get one of the smoothest, craziest and most of all funnest fighting games on the PC. It's practically a steal. But to be honest it's not really for casual players although the visuals are something to be impressed about, you shouldn't buy the game just for that. If you are looking for a place to start getting good a fighting games, I would recommend this game only if you're willing to put in time and effort. Otherwise Street Fighter is a very good place to start, but does not contain as indepth of a tutorial as Skullgirls does. For Hardcore Fighting game players, you might notice that this game is very similar to the Marvel Vs. Capcom series, which was the creator's intention. I would highly recommend this to competitive fighting game players, it relieves some execution issues(such as instant air dashing), and very technical stuff(such as frame data) that the Marvel series has issues with. I love this game to death, its freaking awesome, and now that they've announced cross play between PS3 and PS4 I think it's only a matter of time before we can get cross play onto PC."
76561198050665525,Recommended,245170,15424476,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,glench469,Great and easy to learn. plus an awsome soundtrack
,Recommended,245170,15425203,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Charade,incredibly fun and enjoyable!
,Recommended,245170,15425539,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Shinrob,MLG REady game
76561198090234955,Recommended,245170,15426193,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,biu,Spiritual heir to Darkstalkers.Great 2D fighting game with unique and imaginative characters.
,Recommended,245170,15426971,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,LArge,"Easy to learn, hard to master and hey, IT'S A FIGHTING GAME ON PC!"
,Recommended,245170,15418983,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Prongis Fonger Bill,You must hate yourself if you dont own this game
,Recommended,245170,15406467,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,ilikefeathers,fun fighting game
,Recommended,245170,15306590,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Shadow_Sora_Roxas,"This is an amazingly fun an great game to play. The characters are interesting, the story mode is great, and most importantly the fighting is very simple but hard to master concept. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys women beating up other women."
,Recommended,245170,15212626,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Goemon,"I remember having no idea about any fighting game lingo or how to even play one at all. I then picked up Skullgirls as i had wanted something to play and only had 20 bucks. Here I learned everything I know from burst baiting to how to do a dragon punch. I understand frames, combo creation, and could even use this as a springboard for other fighting games. This is due to all the time they spent on the tutorials and extensive training mode. The game controls simply enough never getting too complex with stick movements, and once you begin to learn these and put them in combos, you feel great. The characters and backgrounds are all drawn which looks very nice and the game runs locked at 60fps. (Important for a fighting game.) Music and soundtrack fit the environment well and I enjoy Michiru's work. Online works well enough thanks to thier GGPO system. The best part honestly is how they handle thier DLC as when you purchase the game, you have access to the Endless Beta which has all the DLC characters inside and even the ones they are still working on. This creates interesting feedback on characters still in the works. You can also see which you may want to buy. Though too late for the others, Beowulf will be free for three months upon release. I recommend ten-fold."
,Recommended,245170,16139586,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Queen of the Kermits,i bought it and then the day after it went on sale for 3 dollarsfml/10
,Recommended,245170,16139709,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,FlashbackC96,This game has stolen my life.
,Recommended,245170,16139806,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MightyMadMaxx,A good fighter for those pc user that like to use controllers Pretty unforgiving if you try to play with keybored.The gameplay is what you would expect from a classic street fighter but still holds its own. My only problem with the game is the extra chracters are DLC and should only be purchesed when on sale $1.99 is to much8/10
76561198042181093,Recommended,245170,16142924,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,McSlur,Waifu/10
,Recommended,245170,15247304,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Isernwyvern,its a bit of a darksalkers rip off but a good one at that. The gameplay is pretty easy to learn the down side is the 4.99 dlc for one character thats already in the game other than that I recommend the game.
,Recommended,245170,17573621,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Scuttles,"Skullgirls is one of the more unique games in the 2D fighter genre. It's a 6 button fighter, which allows for a bit more than your traditional 4 button fighter. The smaller roster is backed up by how much care is put into each character. A lot of fighters seem to churn out a ton of characters which don't have a whole lot to them. Each character in Skullgirls has a unique playstyle that revolves around a core concept. For example: Cerebella is all about grabs, Peacock is about spacing with projectiles and teleports, and Valentine is about rushdown with zone breakers and strong air maneuverability.The game's art is another thing to take into consideration. Skullgirls looks very unique with its hand drawn frames that are very atypical for the fighting genre. Many other fighters rely on pixel by pixel sprites, and newer ones are transitioning towards 3D models. Personally, I really prefer the drawn frames. Whether or not you buy into the sexualization is up to you though. The game features a mostly female roster with more than a bit of fan service. It's up to you whether this is a plus, something you'd just ignore, or something that'll turn you away.One more important thing is that the game does receive free updates with new characters and stages. If you do not download the new character within the first few months of it coming out, it will cost money, but if you are attentive, everything is free.As a whole, Skullgirls is a very nice entry level fighter with nice tutorials. The assets add to make it one of the best and most unique games of its genre. It lacks the difficulty that some KoF players desire, but is a very great and well balanced fighter."
76561198014421585,Recommended,245170,17575964,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Drogolas,11/10 Top Waifu Tournament.
,Not Recommended,245170,17250391,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Naval Officer Humerus,not worth it its just boobs its decent bot not worth the price
76561198163272113,Recommended,245170,17629301,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,antkid290,this game is awesome but needs more characters and storylines and a variety of bosses
,Recommended,245170,17631286,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,calorus,butts
76561198107881080,Recommended,245170,17639911,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Nicht ein weeb,really fun game
76561198067034269,Recommended,245170,17643850,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,A Weaboo Yordle,You wanna play a game where you look at girls in school clothes and low cut dresses fight? This game is for you.
,Recommended,245170,17650111,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ItzaKenny,Fun fighting game with cool characters with cool design.
,Recommended,245170,17551874,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Brütal Legend,"A hand-drawn fighting game.~Fufill your dreams and nightmares when trying to obtain the Skullheart.~Extremely tight controlled fighting game with very interesting characters and story line. Least every character crosses path with eachother. I haven't studied this game much to be a ""pro"" in it. I can hardly pull of an 10-hit combo.Easy to learn and hard to master."
,Recommended,245170,17554888,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,xToad36x,"Despite the fanservice, this is one of the most solid fighting games on the Steam platform. Great for people new to fighting games as it teaches you everything you need to know through its amazing tutorial mode."
,Recommended,245170,17556233,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Laughing Cow,Xmen vs SF meets Ecchi
76561198163879748,Recommended,245170,17514134,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,huffnut,"As a person whose never really played fighting games, this is really awesome. Offering a tutorial AND a training for as much practice a person deems necesary....And the music... is just absolutely great."
,Recommended,245170,16194618,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,SanicDaHergedog,"have you ever wanted to beat up a zombie cat girl while using a giant muscular hat on top of a waifu while switching with an assassin nurse that changes behind a curtain every time you enter a battle? If so, then you'll end up playing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game... or you'll play it because you like really good 2D fighting games like i did"
,Recommended,245170,16194913,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,The Pale Prince,Fun filled fighter!
76561198086277495,Recommended,245170,16195263,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Major Senpai 主な先輩,"Pretty nice game but the controls are really complex.I played on xbox controller and those are lk lp mp mk hk hp and others.If you are really good at Fighting games buy it but if you want to play without having an experience in those games don't buy it.You have to learn all skills they are a lot of them. Blocking light attack medium hard, special moves, dashing .... not on my brain..."
,Recommended,245170,14024853,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,steeely dan,there's saxophone man dlc. get it now.
,Recommended,245170,16145714,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,the cold vein,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is $3, get it done."
76561198155252589,Recommended,245170,16146391,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,WinterGreen1235,"Buy this game it is one of the best fighters i have ever played, its fast paced and has tutorials the game teaches you everything from the basics to the advance, i cannot praise this game enough"
76561198136605856,Recommended,245170,16146750,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,MrMirage1993,"I really enjoy the game a lot but I really do recommend playing the game with a proper arcade controller. Having difficulties throwing out Ultras and Combos with a controller (a cheap one at that)Love the story, music and visuals but could really do more on character stories in my opinion.Have a GOOD DAY!"
76561198046466512,Recommended,245170,16146804,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,YungBlazen,This game is like a beautiful tribute to MVC 2 and i love it...my poor button mashing fingers
,Recommended,245170,16146830,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ultimate Milk Sandwich,I'm a big fan of video games and hentai. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,16146853,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,El Mirador,plz just don't f@p while playing
,Recommended,245170,16146878,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Van_DeeZL,Love it!
76561198044418114,Recommended,245170,16147108,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,xmetalicdemonx,Just buy this game. Don't read this review just go buy the game.
,Recommended,245170,16147413,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ChocolateGod,"10/10 fighting gameFrom undead girls to a giant tuba man, you too can get your wildest fantasies through endless resets and flashy combos.Eliza da bess"
,Recommended,245170,16147980,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Sinnoh,"You thought you were good at fighting games?nah.This game is hard as ♥♥♥♥ to do anything beyond 3 hit combos. If you're looking for a challenge with a high skill wall, this is it. But once you get over that wall, it's really really fun."
,Recommended,245170,16149168,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,eidorian,"Connected a controller so I could play this, suddenly, my controller went beserk and started scrolling and selecting random things in Skullgirls. I disconnected it before anything blew up then, Skullgirls froze and next thing I know is that my computer is making beeping noises and it has a blue screen.10/10"
76561197999328222,Recommended,245170,16149433,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,kingslump,I love this game  real easy to pick up on and it works well with a figtht stick  It's got 'Dat Mahvel Hype but with out the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Skull Girls (Well bigband and Beowolf)
,Recommended,245170,16149644,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Fake News,"I'm so glad I picked this one up. The characters are varied and interesting, the fighting mechanics are awesome, and the game is just fun to play. If you're looking for a solid, 10/10 fighting game, grab this one (even at full price).PS: But make sure to use a controller obviously"
76561198028367406,Recommended,245170,16150157,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,[OTG] Maxhell,Thumbs up !
,Recommended,245170,16150364,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,2049,"Not the worst game out.Let's be honest here, though; there are loads of far superior fighting games available on Steam.  King of Fighters 98, 02 and XIII are amazing, Street Fighter IV is definitely great, MK9 is a breath of fresh air (don't get MKX, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port) and Guilty Gear X2 is an incredibly underrated classic in the genre.  Not to say it's a bad game, but it definitely (by all means) isn't the best option if you want a fighter.It's on sale for 3 bucks at the moment, so get it if you want.  But there's much better stuff out there."
,Recommended,245170,16150534,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Psyche,Ultra Waifu Fighter IV.
,Recommended,245170,12306136,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,B0X0R,You're going to fall in love with these girls!
76561198070137096,Recommended,245170,12306162,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Yung Daggerdick,10/10 its okay
,Recommended,245170,12306194,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,baron von jiggly,great fighting game that is loads of fun. easy to do combos and great speed. Highly reccomended
,Recommended,245170,12306245,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Das Dekapon,"Tight controls, fluid animation, great artwork, unique characters, and a good amount of styles to play. I highly recommend it. If you love fighters, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,245170,12193003,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Wolforn,"It's a great game. Charming, unique. Breath of fresh air if you're tired of Street Fighter."
,Recommended,245170,12193440,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,PortablePottableQuaffable,I tore my own head off and threw it into a girls♥♥♥♥♥♥and she fell over.10/10 Japan would be proud.
,Recommended,245170,12194200,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,SilverKnight,"Fantastic 2d fighting game with tight controls and nice drawn visuals. Characters are quite varied and fun to play, with a good tutorial to explain every move and combo. Playing online is pretty much lagless, to be expected when playing a fighting game where movement is precise. I am not a huge fan of fighting games except Street Fighter, Marvel vs Capcon and Smash Bros, but this game is quite fun to play and brings me back to the arcade cabinet days. 9/10"
,Recommended,245170,12195145,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,nerddorkgeek,"So good that I went out and bought a new controller to reduce input lag. This game reminds me every time I play it why I love fighting games -- smooth mechanics, creative combos, and crushingly-high skill requirements.I'll never be good enough, but I'll enjoy the fight every time."
,Recommended,245170,12196907,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,TheGuyWho,"Fantastic Fighter game, would recommend to the new and vets of the genre."
76561198066313257,Recommended,245170,12144929,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,SimbasPride,Man this game is fun! Even when I'm losing it's still worth it just to play! Can't wait for the other three DLC characters to come out!
76561198066073854,Recommended,245170,15440942,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ms.Fortune,Best fighting game I have ever played 'nuff said
,Recommended,245170,15441315,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Karen Kujo,"Fantastic art style with not only a nearly one of a kind feel in the realm of fighters, but game play to match. Massive level of support from the devs of this game, adding content based on the public voice...with in reason. I <3 you Mike Z, keep making them, cause if there all like this, I'll kee[ playing them."
76561198027517135,Recommended,245170,15441707,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Amor Paternal,"It's a hand drawn 2d fighter with a lot of inspirations from old school fighters like Marvel vs. Capcom (as I believe, favored by most the professional fighter game players that helped shape this game such as Mike-Z), the game has a small but diverse cast in terms of gameplay, you got your characters that get up close and personal, your mid ranged, and your long ranged ""oh my ♥♥♥♥ing god that ♥♥♥♥♥ needs a higher cooldown or I'm about to smash my keyboard"" characters, Story Mode is short but good, and the Arcade Mode is great to play, you can pick between taking one to three characters, with the health being separated into as many as you take, the online is mostly stable, but I advise you not to stray away from your region unless you've got good web speed.7/10- It's good fun, with a few kinks but delivers a nice solid punch.PS- Every time they release a new character, it's FREE for a LIMITED TIME"
76561198057981817,Recommended,245170,6050074,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,NaCl| Salt-Li,"All in all.. a good game, I just wish it favored 1v1 more."
,Recommended,245170,15678646,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,backup501,saw pantsu 10/10 would play again
76561198066235123,Recommended,245170,15495466,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Dick ass,"A fast paced, amazinginly animated 2D Fighter that hails back to the old Arcade age of fighting games. Easy to learn, Hard to master."
,Recommended,245170,15478111,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,beatsakasupreem,"Incredible game with an incredible cast. Controls on a joystick/joypad are flawless. It runs smooth as butter on old systems aswell. And the netcode is godlike compared too allot of games out there. Cop this, and play!!!And for those looking for the WOLF:search for beowulf in store, he will show up. otherwise just click on Lab Zero (developer on the right side), he will show up in that list aswell. He is awesome and free for a limited time.I love this game and i love Lab Zero for creating / giving it to us. For gamers by gamers!"
,Recommended,245170,15480993,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Widowmaker's BFF,Played this game a lot on the 360. One of the best fighters and hidden gems in my opinion.
76561198058282432,Recommended,245170,15481561,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Rose,"I don't like fighting games. Really, I don't. I can't wrap my head around the idea that you need to push seven different keys at once to get a certain move to go off, and even when I do manage to finally get it down, there's no chance in hell that I'll be able to do it in the heat of a match. Besides, the idea of characters just fighting each other with very little reason always struck me as... shallow? That's the nicest word I have for it. Violence for no good reason isn't escapism, it's just people being awful to each other. Fighting games are, in my opinion, one of those things that I really would rather not have anything to do with.So, when I tell you that Skullgirls is perhaps my second or third favorite game of all times, you probably want to listen in.I don't know what it is about this insane, awesome romp of flashing lights and partly clothed girls that makes it such an experience for me, but it really is. The gameplay is the most fun I've had in a long, long time doing anything at all. The A.I. is engaging on it's own, and varried enough that it's not trivial to find easy exploits in it. Multiplayer support is actually surprisingly robust, and quite the enjoyable experience if you don't mind losing a lot. The characters are funny and dark and fully realized, even if the story is nothing to praise. The animations are beautiful, matching aesthetics and graphics in a way that is simply fun to look at. The soundtrack is nearly perfect, setting the tone brilliantly for each scene, managing to match the visuals in a highly appealing and completely competent way. The controls are easy enough to use that you can pick them up and start winning on the lower difficulty levels in only a half hour, but deep enough that you can continue to challenge yourself with more and more complex combinations. And, take it from me, you don't have to be very good to get a great experience from this game – I'm one of the worst gamers I know, and I still have an absolute blast.Oh, and the character models are hot. If your into that sort of thing. I guess I don't really consider that a big part of the experience, but it is technically true.If you don't mind playing an awesome and beautiful game, you should totally pick up Skullgirls. It won't disappoint you, I can guarantee it."
76561198098296845,Recommended,245170,11886630,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Squidward,Im not particulary good at fighting games but this was one of the best ones i played so far. Extremely fun and addicting. perfect for playing with a friend if you want to have some good time.
76561198006020399,Recommended,245170,11089097,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,gathfox,"feels a lot more accessable  for nubes at fighter games like myself.  love the artistry and general look of the game, and how colorfull it is."
76561198079481140,Recommended,245170,11090218,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dreadlust11,This game is fun for any fighting game lover! :D
,Recommended,245170,11096106,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,DJ Pon3,"One of my most favorite fighters ever so far, right next to KOF and Blazblue on my top most awesome list for Best Fighting Game ever! The fighting mechanics are quite simple and easy to pick up on, so if your new to fighters I recomend starting with Skullgirls since it's so easy for beginners to pick up and play. The music is fantastical, the characters are smexy and the fighting is superb!The only downside is there are only a few characters on screen to select, BUT they are producing characters to add to the roster as I type this! So once it's fully complete with all the extra characters added on like Eliza, Big Band, Mrs Robo Kitty etc.. the experience will just be all the greater.Yes of course I recomend this game...It's such an awesome gem of a fighter!BTW... Squigly is bestest evar!"
76561198114684919,Recommended,245170,10947521,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cureblossom,"Skullgirls is a great fighting game that features absolutely gorgeous artwork and an interesting storyline. All of the ways in which the girls fight are unique and characteristic, helping to differentiate each character from the last. The background characters as well as the scenery are all fantastic and contribute greatly to the game's incredible atmosphere. Please play Skullgirls."
76561198045639539,Recommended,245170,10914458,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,JigglePhysics.Exe,"I don't play too many fighters, but I gotta say this is probably one of the best western fighters of all time. The control and animation is so fluent and the game goes so in depth with style, strategy, combos, tactics, and despite its small roster makes sure to create a balanced gameplay that is competitive and... just freaken awesome. I recommend it to anyone interested in fighters as this is a huge catch and definitely worth it."
76561198031482897,Recommended,245170,10914832,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cawaica,"Whether you are new to fighting games, or an old vet, THIS is the one you'll want to make sure you have in your collection before any others! It's a modern 2D Fighter that boasts gorgeous visuals, Each character sprite has approximately 1,400 hand-drawn frames of animation, the most amount of frames per character in any fighting game to date, and some of the best hand-drawn character sprites ever used in gaming, it's one of the prettiest With it's very fluid combat,  awesome tutorials and training options, aggressive AI (which have an insane amount of customization) and constant balance tweaks and updates, this is hands down the best fighting game I have ever played, and I recommend it to everyone! Great job guys, great game!"
,Recommended,245170,10985271,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CircaSully!,marie still kicks my♥♥♥♥♥10/5
76561198037921985,Recommended,245170,10941995,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,The Dairy Devil,"Brilliant game but rather short, could have used more development time to be fleshed out more.The fact that half the roster will apparently be available as DLC is rather dissapointing but the gameplay makes up for it."
76561198107238611,Recommended,245170,10903297,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,HaussVonHorne,"This is quite possibly the best fighting game to date, and I'm willing to fight about that. The game flashes, oozes and explodes with style at every aspect of design from the menus to the HUD and the characters. Dear God the characters... Every single one plays uniquely and has a distinct style - one to suit everyone's preferred style. Oh wait! You don't even have to settle with one, because the game features Marvel Vs Capcom-style team combat with frenetic pace, assists and team attacks! But if that isn't your pace, you're able to play with a single character or a pair and have it be just as viable with the game's graceful balance. If you like fighting games at all, you owe it to yourself to play with these lovely ladies.It's beginner friendly as well with a robust tutorial and easy ""dial-a-combos"" for beginners who just like to mash and see awesome things happen. You can splash in the shallow end casual fun or dive as deep as you want and never hit bottom."
,Recommended,245170,10908007,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rabu,"At first look the art might seem, well not to your liking but when a game has such gameplay, the art is not that important. I at first doubted it but now I love the game both gameplay and art wise."
,Recommended,245170,10877985,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,a scrub,"If you have a joystick controller, this game can be amazing.Doesn't translate well to the keyboard and I personally can't play fighting games with a console controller, but I could say that about any fighting game on the computer.The tuturial can be very confusing, regardless, as it doesn't note what key binds you have set for attacks and just names them HK LK etc, so you're left guessing half the time.If you spend five hours memorizing what keys do what you still have to memorize what keys do what and what the game likes to call them.You can, of course, just skip the tutorial entirely and mess around for a while in training mode to figure things out for yourself, but the tuturial does have some helpful hints, which is why it frustrated me how confusing it could get.That said, if there was ever a game that would convince me to get a joystick controller, this would be it."
,Recommended,245170,11747702,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,LanceOlleyFrie,They should make an anime of this
76561198087446247,Recommended,245170,12711335,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,TTwizzle64,"As an animation enthusiast and active gamer, I was excited to find this game in development, back when it was only on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3. My favorite part was that nearly everything in this game, from the background to the character animations themselves, was hand-drawn. I respect any group of animators who put themselves through hand-drawn animation. Anyways, Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game about various girls with wacked-out themes fighting over an artifact dubbed ""the Skull Heart,"" giving the winner absolute power and near-immortality. But, who cares about the prize? Fighting games have rarely given good endings.Skullgirls features a very oddball cast of fighters. There's a schoolgirl with a hairy parasite, a circus freak who loves her pro wrestling, an adolscent girl who loves her cartoons, a literal cat burglar, a general who fights with her umbrella, a sexy ninja nurse, a demonic nun, a cybernetic cop that loves his jazz, a zombie girl with an undead dragon serpent, and, coming soon, an Egyptian goddess. A veru colorful cast, indeed.This game is great for tournament players and I'm glad the love for this game has increased tenfold. Casual gamers may want to stay away from multiplayer and online functions, but I recommend this game for being visually dynamic and beautiful while maintaining the fast-paced style of old-school fighting games."
76561198027919487,Recommended,245170,12472120,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TJW,"mvc2 with girls, really good and the tutorial alone is worth the price"
76561198142247622,Recommended,245170,12472381,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,White Saba,"When I was using Ms. Fortune, my head came off and I didn't know how to put it back to her body. I won the battle headless; then I fought as a badass skeleton-mummy thing that came from an egyptian diva10/10 would fight again and again"
,Recommended,245170,12503752,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Chriskat777,"I never liked 2D-fighting games such as Street Fighter or Tekken, mainly because of the high learning curve. This game is the first one I've seen with a tutorial that actually helps. In short, it is very friendly to beginners on the genre as well as veterans.Multiplayer is almost dead except for the high-level players. Get really good at blocking, cause if they get a hit on you they can turn it into a 50+ combo and you can't do anything about it. Find a friend to give the game to as well, the more the merrier and -$5 if you get a 2-packAlright now that I got all I needed to say about the gameplay... BOOOOOOOOOOBS and PANTIES! and a jazz playing robot man in SkullGIRLS... I never understood this."
76561198111882059,Recommended,245170,12504610,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,xxAFROxx,Great Game Buy it now
76561198009337503,Recommended,245170,12512381,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,SHA33,Nice fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,9120179,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,FunkyDealer,This game is awesome
,Recommended,245170,12630553,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Widerstand,"Skullgirls is your two dimensional fighter with artistic looks, sense of humor, actual talents behind the scenes and well-done characters. Your experience with one character may, and highly likely will, differ greatly from one character to another; This actually is a proof that the game itself has been designed professionally. You'll notice the difference once you get used to playing all of these different characters. - and the next time, you'll definitely remember how difficult the playstyle of the character you've choose.Soundtrack is quality, well-placed and quite relaxing. There are some voiceacting, like the opening/ending commentor for fights and character voices you'll hear during fights; They are very well done. But if the Story Mode had the same quality of voiceacting for cutscenes, it would be a lot more interesting to play. - Storyline, that binds these characters together, has its own sense of humor which I believe will give you a few smiles and chuckles, as well as character animations surely will."
76561198045054304,Recommended,245170,12493604,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Trash.,a great fighting game thats fun to play with friends. May be hard to get into for begenners but if you like fighting games this is a must play.
,Recommended,245170,12560556,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,megapear,solid fighting game w/ good selection of waifus and hazubandos
,Recommended,245170,12486667,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,BasiukTV,"I've never liked fighting games, so I bought this game for ""artistic purposes"" only :)Fight mechanics seems to be quite advanced & competitive (too advanced for me anyway). Good set of characters available, each with special strong and weak points. Weird (as usual for anime) storyline, good sound effects, not fully adapted to keyboard controls, lots of fan-art, etc.But most impressing, is the amount & quality of art and character animation put in every aspect of the game, it's truly breathtaking !!!It's a shame I couldn't submerge myself in a game for long enough, as bots were kicking my♥♥♥♥♥so hard :'("
76561198056071220,Recommended,245170,12491833,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Wizzard,"Before Skullgirls, I had never played a fighting game. I had no interest in fighting games and picked this game up on a whim. I now cannot get enough, not only of Skullgirls, but fighting games in general.Skullgirls is a fantastic introduction to fighting games, with its tutorials - not only on how to play this game itself, but how to use genre-wide techniques like air-dashing, cancels, hit-confirming etc.And the art - oh God, the art.An absolute pleasure to play and watch."
,Recommended,245170,18804157,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,My heart can't take this game...,Great game.One flaw.Why do I suck?
,Recommended,245170,18827420,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,LuluIsBest,I like this gameit is goodthey need more charactersha ha jkbutit would be nice
,Recommended,245170,18784253,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Dudds,"I personally enjoy this game very much for it's diverse character designs, good music, deep story mode, and most importantly, the gameplay. Oh, the gameplay is the best of any fighting game I've played so far, it's so fun and addictive."
,Recommended,245170,18785271,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Saucy,alot comes from killer instint but makes it even better with gr8 plot physics
,Recommended,245170,18878010,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Deadpylons,Wifu wars gets better and better everytime i fap to my nurse wifu beating the hell out of others....you cant say it`s female abuse when girls are doing the♥♥♥♥♥kicking and thats nice #kappa
,Recommended,245170,18950245,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Maximumwarp.,Proof of my heterosexuality.
76561198110458037,Recommended,245170,18962115,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Jimej9600,"It's a fast paced fighter with nice music, visuals, and cool characters. It's also a good game to start with if you want to play fighting games."
,Recommended,245170,18963320,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,MTPK,"One of the few games I managed to pay for more than once because it is an increibly well designed and fun fighting game experiences ever with a learning curve that'll  leave you bodied over and over again. (Granted I am pretty shithouse and out of practice)However I have genuine love for this game despite that, the characters are quirky, fun and are unique and in many ways completely distinct from other 2D fighters. It's a pleasure to play and learn and it helped you develop a  fighting pattern if you are new to fighters, and a incredibly streamlinedand BEATIFUL tutorial system that will give you familiar with most of the characters, their combos and mix-upsAnd yes the fanservice is very much appreciated, whether your  Boobs are life or♥♥♥♥♥is Hometown or if you're into Beefcake or the Band you'll have something to find on rule34 later as you give your fightstick a nice pounding... or your mashing that button like you're in God of War.The devs put a lot of fine work into the game and while still needs a larger roster it's a very good introduction to fighters and the world is better for it.Go play it guys its great!"
,Recommended,245170,18245986,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,BaronVonBoBo,"Are you a pro fighting games master 420blazeitnoscopemlgpro? If not get ready for one of the best button mashing fighters of all time. Lets just hope you still have that callous on your thumb from your days of being a mario party champion, because youre going to need it.But seriously, the game is a ton of fun. Just wish the dlc characters werent $5 damn dollars."
,Recommended,245170,18244574,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,SubrosianChainsawMassacre_|BC|,"You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll wonder how the ♥♥♥♥ the♥♥♥♥♥♥on half of these girls don't just fall right out of their tops (I'm looking at you Cerebella).Skullgirls is a fighting game when you take control of 8 girls (along with another 4 and 2 guys as DLC characters) who beat the ever-loving chocolate syrup out of each other in order to acquire/destroy/wish on an artifact called the Skull Heart. Or if you don't care about story mode (because you're not really playing this game for a story anyway), you can just play arcade mode instead and deal with your typical fighting game flair in that department.In terms of actual gameplay, it's just what you'd expect from a fighting game. There are six attack buttons, the usual punch and kick buttons along with silky smooth control and overly flashy special moves that are just as entertaining as they are damaging (which is a lot, by the way). All of the characters have vastly different fighting styles (with the exception of Fukua, but there's a reason for it), and there's an anti-infinite system in place to keep infinites from happening...in theory anyway.The anti-infinite system is a fantastic idea, I can't even begin to count the sheer number of times I ended up stuck against a wall in almost every tournament fighter I've ever played. The problem is that, to put it simply...it doesn't work.The system only registers certain kinds of combos as infinites, and the system is so damn easy to exploit and sidestep that it's borderline pointless. Now, this is only a real problem online, where everyone can do itexceptyou, and the game doesn't match you based on MMR or anything, you just get pitted against a random person who is more likely than not far better than you.However, other than the worthless anti-infinite system and rage enducing online play, this game is fantastic. I just recommend playing it with a controller. I have a USB SNES controller which works perfectly, but you're probably going to be using an Xbox or PS3/PS4 controller.So, what are you waiting for? Get this titilating fighter right now, or wait till a sale, your decision. Just remember not to play it when your parents are around."
76561198071310834,Recommended,245170,18242350,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,ChaidexVulcan,"Don't get caught up in petty fanservice, everyone!! This game gets too serious to take it lightly! With fun storylines, and rewarding gameplay, you'll be 20 dollars in the hole wanting all the DLC! speaking of, 2 of the DLC characters are absolutely free! The DLC characters come with storylines, and color costumes! The flow of battle is very smooth, the backgrounds compliment the game well, and there are even a couple cameos! The tutorials a vital asset, although some combos they ask of you are very frustrating. Even so, they teach you to link attacks successfully to make your own easily! CPU level is cranked up, so you'll have difficulty with it, even of the easiest mode, sleepwalk. However, that is all the more reason to do the training and tutorial modes to brush up!All in all, don't focus on bouncing boobs or short skirts, because if you do, you're wasting money! Celebrate this game for the unique, fast-paced, story driven game it is!8/10- well worth the money!"
76561198046581902,Recommended,245170,16161950,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Göppelsiini,"Bought for the waifus, stayed for the gameplay (and the waifus)."
,Recommended,245170,16162016,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Wren Gamer,"Well, I'll be honest: I strongly dislike Fighting games, and this has several of those gripes: Strong emphisis on combos, blocking by holding back instead of it's own button, and ""bosses"" only being bosses because they posses unfair powers, like infitnate juggle. But still, even with that... I can't stop playing this game. I loked at it, I wasn't going to buy it. I even wasn't going to buy it after trying it for free for a day. But I came back day 2, refreshed from yesterday's frustrations, and I found myself gettign better. Blocking more, doing different combos. This game really is what it claims; a challenge for veteren players, and a jumping-in point for beginners. Just a word of advice: Still a little glitchy, sometimes the game freezes on my cutscenes (this is very frustrating after beating a boss) causing the game to have to be manually exited out of, and it does LITTLE to explain what keys or buttons are which kicks and punches. Go into training, learn it, then have fun :3"
,Recommended,245170,16162589,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Dustsoul,"This is just Review 6000 and its a nice game good to learn these types of games (tutorial for every little thing u can do) and well its anime style, only female chars ( exept beowulf and bigband (dlc both)) and its fun as hell^^"
76561198044273811,Recommended,245170,16162601,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,StoneGreyFox,Great game if you are new to the fighting game world. It teaches you the basics of the game and is great for newbies and pros alike.
,Recommended,245170,16163166,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Black Cat,"Its not that bad, average at best, but I have a major complaint about the controls. It takes a second for the game to register the start of a combination. A prime example is I cant quickly tap down then roll to forward (e.g. down, down forward, forward) for special attacks. I have to wait on down for a second before I roll off.In a fighting game, it is critical to have high paced combat. When I have to wait a couple of seconds to pull off a special, it feels sluggish. Better special start detection is really required. Otherwise... its average, not good or bad. I would say its worth 10 bucks."
,Recommended,245170,16163704,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Leo Luster,One of the better fighting games on steam right now.
76561198046908385,Recommended,245170,16164486,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,MaTias,"es un muy buen juego, a los que tuvimos el placer de jugar al mvc 1-2 (marvel vs capcom) este juego les resultara muy similar ya que las bases del juego son las mismas.Rapido, dinamico y entretenido. Podes llegar a estar varias horas y no te aburriras. Lo recomiendo totalmente"
76561198170499123,Recommended,245170,16164994,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,KurisuTemshi,One of the best figthing games i have ever played in my life 10/10
,Recommended,245170,16165011,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,BZKING,I'm in love with Peacock <3
,Recommended,245170,16165625,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,lordnemos,"Fun character designs and nice animation, 2D fighter veterans will feel right at home."
,Recommended,245170,16165807,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,noo🅱face,i suck at this game but i am rock hard 10/10
,Recommended,245170,16165853,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FunkySkunk,Its gud!
,Recommended,245170,16177204,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,⛧ Nilok ⛧,Fun! Easy to learn : Hard to MasterHave had a blast so far!I would Recommend a controller.
,Recommended,245170,16177292,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Kim Il Sung,Skullgirls is really fun! It's a fighting game and the controls are a little bonkers. Or maybe they're not and I'm just used to console! :) I'd recommend this game if you like fighting games or anime type games.
,Recommended,245170,16177396,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Wegra,"What is to say about Skullgirls that hasnt been said already? Well I'll do my best. First off its a love letter to every fighting game enthusiast ever including nods to Street Fighter, Darkstalkers, and other obscurities. The cast may be small but the fluid animation just wants to make me keep on playing. IF this goes on sale pick it up I'm near certain you wont regret it"
76561197996010657,Recommended,245170,16177569,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Spider Glomp,"If you're attempting to play this through wine, be very careful.  Getting a Steam message crashes and multiplayer is completely unusuable due to a massive frame drop (Though latency was 97ms, which wouldn't do that much damage).  It's on sale as of this writing, so you may get it anyway, but only single player is solid until they port it.  Or maybe it's just me, but Ubuntu is kind of running with the ""You don't have to be a coder to use it"" angle, so I don't think it's too far to say it's currently off.  What I have had was good, if a bit technical for someone who doesn't do a lot of fighters.  Wish there was a ""Neutral/read this/situational"" review mark."
76561198062260263,Recommended,245170,16178058,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,۩Water۩,yes
,Recommended,245170,16178598,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,sqwarecircle,"This game is a great fighter. I'm not that good at fighters in general, but this one is much friendlier to a new player and easier to pick up than street fighters in my experience. Anyone borderline should probably pick it up while it's still 80% off this week."
,Recommended,245170,16178869,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,kosmani,"This is a wonderful fighting game that I want to recommend to anyone even remotely interested in the genre. With an expansive (optional) tutorial mode that explains basic mechanics very well, a great roster/gameplay, and a wonderful dev team, it's a must-have in the fighting genre.The art style and animations are done very well, and the backgrounds and stages are all very pretty to look at while you beat your opponent to a pulp. On top of that, some of the game mechanics are truly innovative; you can string 100+ hit combos if you practice hard enough because of the organic and fluid combo system that let's you string essentially any move with another, but if you reach any 'infinite' territory, repeated moves can be punished with a block breaker. The characters are also all unique and interesting, enough that you'll want to try to learn how to play much more than just one of them.Overall, it's a fast-paced game and I can't help but hope that many more people buy it, since it is definitely worth much more than the 3$ asking price. Especially since all future DLC is free for the first 3 months after its release. Beowulf is free right now, and so will the next few characters."
76561198160200102,Recommended,245170,16295742,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Chiefmojo06,I really enjoy playing this game! I play street fighter so I like games like games like this! I encourage you to buy this game and play the butt out of this game!    10/10
76561198012466981,Recommended,245170,30593012,Posted: 18 March,all,Admiral Ackbar,Playing with one hand??Well yes but after the act is completed it is a competent fighting game with interesting story.
,Recommended,245170,19087328,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Whalen147,"good place to start if you want to learn fighting games, but learning curve in onlilne play is STEEP"
,Recommended,245170,18966138,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nack,"It's good, buy it"
,Recommended,245170,18966333,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Shioame,"Let me bollow a quote from anime Ping Pong,""The Only Way to Be Sure You Won't Lose Is to Not Fight """
76561197964607748,Recommended,245170,18967266,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,electricshine,Great fun fighting game.  :)
,Recommended,245170,14344746,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,chaffe,yesYES
76561198004887456,Recommended,245170,14345745,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Some Krazy Guy,"a great fighting game, especially for those who either are new to fighting games, or really enjoyed the MVC 2 and 3, word to the wise though, big band is op as all hell."
76561198166984174,Recommended,245170,14347798,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,lizchibi78,"the lore is awesome, and gruesome. ehh, i just like it a lot. JUST BE AWARE THAT IT IS HARDER TO FIGHT WITH THE KEYBOARD."
,Recommended,245170,14328011,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ronald McDIO,"Delicious game. I am terrible at it but still love it anyway. I've unfortuanately been preoccupied with Dark Souls but know where I'm going to go back to when I'm done with that. Gorgeous sprites and animation, a bunch of easter eggs, DLC characters are not reskins and are free for a short time when initially released. Hopefully they are just as generous with future dlc characters."
,Recommended,245170,14361635,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Tuna Salade,11/10would bang
,Recommended,245170,14361650,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Poyo,"Awesome game, Really loveing it, in fact loved it so much i bought a Fightpad just to try and better the experience."
,Recommended,245170,14034019,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,K. Seto,"To be honest, I only bought this game because it went on sale and was really skeptical about it but I didn't expect to enjoy it so much. I personally enjoy fighting games and this is exceptional.Pros:-The controls are similar to Street Fighter (Low/Mid/High Punch/Kick)-It has a lot of reference to indie games as well as several popular titles out there (e.g Touhou and Jojo)-It's pretty easy to learn the combos as the practice mode gives a lot of tutorials-Story itself, while not long, is good-For those who just start to play fighting games, this is probably the best choice you can pick-Online matches is lag free as long as your internet is decent-The Story Mode's boss is enjoyable to fight (Finished Story/Arcade in Nightmare mode for all non DLC characters and never regret it)-Cute girls. Nuff saidCons:-Online matches are difficult for new players (Well this applies for every fighting game, really)-Mastering takes time (Same, applies for every fighting game)...Yeah I can't think of any cons that applies only to this gametl;dr version:Best choice for first timers in fighting games and if you are one, don't try the online matches too soon."
76561197995248176,Recommended,245170,14179718,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,P.E.J.M.A.N,just awesome game!
,Recommended,245170,14189186,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,"Bobby ""Big Dog"" Malone",This game kicks my♥♥♥♥♥10/10 times
,Recommended,245170,13442566,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,maelis,"If you can get past the admittedly somewhat off-putting artstyle, Skullgirls is one of the tightest 2D fighters released in many years. It is extremely well balanced, with tweaks and patches being released constantly. It also has one of the most comprehensible tutorials I've ever seen in a fighter. The roster isn't the largest, but all of the characters are unique enough in their movesets and playstyles that you'll almost not even notice.Could not recommend more, both for newbies and veterans of the genre."
,Recommended,245170,14190115,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,bingo,fought marie for 20 minutes10/10
,Recommended,245170,14192507,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Katti,I love beating up scantly clad women.
,Recommended,245170,14118475,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Rasimoran,"If you grew up with like Street fighter or any other fighting game you will feel right at home. If you are like me and a newbie  to fighting games, don't worry it's not that heard to get in to. You just have to want to badly. Like to the tutoriels and some treaining room stuff before hand.And as fare as the story. ♥♥♥♥. Just... ♥♥♥♥.It's not that long, but it's a fighting game. They aren't known for there long and epic stories. But damn it's good."
,Recommended,245170,13593139,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheToastGhost,Fantastic 2D fighter! Recommended for EVERYONE.
,Recommended,245170,14239564,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Grong,"I really love this game, and this game is more easy if you use a hand controller so if you like challanges so don't get a controller. :3"
76561197972671699,Recommended,245170,14502328,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,STICH3LLO,awsome game
,Recommended,245170,14508731,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Karma,10/10 my favorite fighting game :)
76561198089928524,Recommended,245170,14380773,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Fantoche,easy to play and funny
76561198018875788,Recommended,245170,14381108,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,The Loyalist,Got this for PC because the patch system on 360 is garbage. Great game either way.
76561198041434868,Recommended,245170,7382822,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,SmileyBubba,"Great fighting game, tons of fun, and extremely accessible to new players"
,Recommended,245170,13667046,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Party Yeen,"In a world dominated by polygonal button-mashing fighters from Japanese companies, it is incredibly refreshing to see games like Skullgirls. With skilled gameplay that feels like classic Capcom/SNK fighting games and features beautifully hand-drawn characters. Every fighter is enjoyable to play and has a compelling story mode. There are tag team battles, complex combo systems, assists, and even a very robust tutorial mode that will teach you all you need to know to play competitively whether you're a newbie or a seasoned fighting game veteran.Skullgirls also has a rather rare distinction among fighting games as a whole in that the cast of playable characters are almost all women (and unlike Dead or Alive it's not just for eye candy). So if you're looking for a high quality fighting game that shows that there is definite progression in the gaming world (or you just want to play a really fun fighting game) I would definitely recommend this one."
,Recommended,245170,13668237,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kennpachi~Ramasama,"An excellent fighter, with unique character designs and a decent story.  Hours of fun to be had with this one.Haven't used the online versus mode yet, but I'd say this one is worth it for local and single player modes alone."
,Recommended,245170,1178493,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,RAGEie,"""came"" for the TNA, stayed for the game ;)"
76561198057037826,Recommended,245170,13731917,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jugem Jugem,Very challenging for n00bs like me who suck at fighting games haha I get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked on sleepwalk difficulty but the artstyle is fantastic and the gameplay is gouda but alas I cannot combo like a true l33t h4x0r.
76561198055893026,Recommended,245170,13721966,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Knudson's Greatest Hits,It's like someone made a fighting game about the disney princesses
76561198047609043,Recommended,245170,13727287,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Loli Princess,"There are fighthing Games.There are legendary fighting Games. like Street Fighter, King of Fighters, Guilty Gear, etc.And then, there are fighthing games like Skullgirls.A game with such a devoted community, that they funded one of the most incredible Kickstartercampaigns I've ever seen.Not only one character was funded. Not even two. Or three, BUT FOUR.(Robo Fortune was something of a gift)All because of the love for this game. And that speaks a lot for itself, but if you want the more technical aspect of this:-Great combo system-You can do Tandem attacks by calling asists and also by switching characters-Teams are balanced based on the number of characters in them-Gorgeous frames that flow without problems-Amazing Art by Alex Ahad-One of the animators is the one and only ZONE-TAN-Anti Infinite Combo System-Mike Z. pours all of his skill and knowledge of fighting games to make Skullgirls as balanced as possible(Remember that true balance is almost impossible, and even big titles like SF and KOF cannot achieve this)-Featuring an impressive voice cast, with some of my favourite VA, such as: Cristina Valenzuela(Riven, Noel Vermillion, Cecilia Helmold, and much more), Erin Fitzgerald(Chie Satonaka, Noire, Emmeryn), even Liam O'Brien!-Dedicated developers, which is a lot, compared to other games.In short, it's a magnificent game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,245170,13706438,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Aelkrie,"A really well made fighting game-you absolutly NEED a controller for this game, as combos and special/blockbuster moves are impossible to execute without on (got mine for $18 at RadioShack). It comes with a ton of tutorials, teaching you the in's and out's of fighting games in general. I have never been a huge fan of fighters (with the exception of the Super Smash Bros. franchise), but this is a great first title to introduce a genre."
,Recommended,245170,13706553,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Chef,This game has a ninja nurse as a playable character....I like this game. 10/10
,Recommended,245170,6288074,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Obi Juan Kenobi,"Support this game guys, it is really well done and the artwork is just amazing!"
76561197971528997,Recommended,245170,523321,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Jamie,"Now I'm a MASSIVE FAN of beat em ups and will regulary be seen playing Street Fighter, Guilty Gear, Mortal Kombat, Tekken or anotherThis is an Awesome Beat em up, with characters tailored for everyones fighting style, there are hit and run types, rushers and grapplers, plus some more unusual ones too, set in an art deco style world with music by the same guy who did Castlevania Symphony of the Night ( Loved that soundtrack) and you have a catch fightning game with lots of charismaand the best part, it's still not finished, there's 4 more characters still in production, so all can and will change, so buy it soon before they increase the priceplus see how many meme's you can name from ms fortune"
,Recommended,245170,8149665,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PickelledEggs,"It's like Marvel vs Capcom or Streetfighter, but with girls in tight skirts. What more could you ask for? Great game. Plus the tutorial is very thorough in teaching you how to play."
76561198031389636,Recommended,245170,8150891,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,langlais123,Very fun fighting game. The characters have nice personailties and are well designed. Mechanics are okay.
,Recommended,245170,8105655,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Johnny002,Exclent animation. pure fun!
,Recommended,245170,2574152,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Vinsun,"classic fighting in ""mage style"" (closest to Guilty Gear) - great for everyone who tired from ""real style"" fightings (Virtua Fighter, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat)"
76561198066578840,Recommended,245170,8346527,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mrjenzox,This is an amazing game that i ever played well in a fighting game!!! Cant wait to get a steam card and buy this game :D!!!!
76561198012276314,Recommended,245170,8347913,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pixel Paintbrush,"Pretty good fighting game, I imagine it's MUCH better with a controller though.  Still the animations are smooth, the drawn artwork is fantastic, and the game...just works so well!"
76561197972351873,Recommended,245170,8350568,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DanTheTimid,"Let me state up front, this game is brilliant on so many levels, one of the best fighting games not just of this era, but of all time.  That said, there are five issues this game has that any would be buyer needs to know up front.1) The community is pretty awful.  Exceptionally so if you're a casual player.  Don't get me wrong, there are some good people in it too, but its not uncommon for people to treat you poorly in game, and even more common for them to treat you poorly on forums... and then instead of other people in the community chastining the poor behavior, they will actually LIKE the hateful or bully post directed at your person.  I'm talking posts where they verbally abuse you, curse at you, and tell you to quit the game.  These terrible people have likely lead to the community remaining small, so you need to have thick skin, especially if you just want to enjoy the game as a game and not a second job.2) The art, while beautiful beyond words and easily as good as if not superior to any other fighting game on the market, is very fan service heavy, with a largely female cast, many of which wear the sort of clothes you'd expect to see in a strip club, over bodies that could almost go toe to toe with Dragon's Crown.  Frankly, all that doesn't bother me, but it does bother some people so it bares mentioning.3) This is a combo fighter.  If you like combo fighters, great, personally I hate combo fighters.  Yet everything else about this game is so good that I can look past the combos and enjoy the game.  Some people can't.  Its worth noting that unlike some combo fighters, the combos in this game are VERY beginner friendly, most characters having at least one solid combo that can be done by average human beings with out spending months in training, but as a combo fighter this still means that a good portion of every match consists of one player playing solitaire.  Also, being a combo fighter means this game has a pretty large gap between beginners and intermediates, which wouldn't be that big a deal if not for the next issue.4) The game has no skill based match making.  The game once had skill based match making, but my understanding is it was removed because the community was so small that finding matches took forever.  In my opinion this decision only made a bad situation worse as beginners are routinely matched with experts and usually no fun is had by either player in those situations.  It should be noted that the game does have a good lobby format and good netcode, so there are ways to have fun against players of your skill online, but its much more difficult to set up then it shoudl be.5)The roster is small.  This again, doesn't bother me, as the roster is also extremely varied and better balanced then many other fighters out there, so I'd argue that the number of viable options is actually on par with or actually higher then most other fighting games, but I know some people really want to see a huge screen of characters to choose from, even if half of them are useless or clones of the other half.So in conclusion, what's good?  The music!  The story!  The characters!  The graphics!  The gameplay!  The netcode!  The training mode!  The tutorials!  The frequent updates!  So if those 5 bad things didn't scare you off, you owe it to yourself to give this game a chance.  It's that good.  But I feel its vital a potential new player be aware of the issues the game has upfront, especially those with the community, or the community really will always remain small and dominated by the same intolerrant bullies it is currently."
,Recommended,245170,8351485,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tristana sit on my face,10/10♥♥♥♥♥
76561198036820147,Recommended,245170,8352180,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cention,"I enjoy the hand drawn frames of each character. The design of the playable characters and background characters is very amusing. Although only a few characters at present, it is obvious that they want to do many more interesting characters."
,Recommended,245170,8344569,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FISTERMISTER,I've never been a fan of fighting games cause I always sucked at them. But the tutorial in this game is incredibly helpful and you also get to watch jiggly boobies the whole time. Lots of replay value.
,Recommended,245170,1416408,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Buhlaine,"Great fighting game, even with the smaller cast."
76561198038898869,Recommended,245170,8471336,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Totally Rhombus,"Boobs and butts, both will be kicked."
,Recommended,245170,12206260,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Foppish,If you enjoy one of these things:a) boobsb) gorec) fighting gamesd) beautiful graphics and soundtrackthen you should consider this fun 2d fighter.
76561198012067899,Recommended,245170,12439730,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Qwablah,Great fighting game with solid mechanics! Great buy for anyone into fighting games!
,Recommended,245170,12919798,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Zeszes1,"This game was simply amazing. The story lines we're very unique, and very different, they didnt really tie together but i love it so much, and with the squigly DLC it was even more amazing."
,Recommended,245170,12981354,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,hellomygoodstranger,"Not going to lie, getting used to the controls and training are very brutal, yet once you get the hang of it all, it's one hell of an astounding trip with nothing but great characters and fighting styles with endless surprises."
,Recommended,245170,12988006,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Flynt,pretty good. the animation is fluid and the characters are pretty original.
,Recommended,245170,12988058,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TheQRoks,"If you like street fighter, minimal story, good gameplay, boobs, charming characters, adventure time constumes, boobs, getting destroyed online, and boobs, then pick it up"
76561198017899774,Recommended,245170,12988346,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,SciManEXE,"It's Waifu Fight: The Game. What more can you ask for?(The art, animation, music, and gameplay is good too I guess)"
,Recommended,245170,12988745,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,BluewindAF,"Fast paced fighter with a unique art style that will keep you coming back for more. Not only is it being updated and tweaked frequently, but it's also getting free DLC, which adds new characters, storylines, and stages, for no extra cost (unless it expires 3 months after release). This is hands down one of my favorite fighters of all time (next to BlazBlue: Continuum Shift, and Street Fighter 3) and I strongly recommend you buy it if you're a fan of fighters.Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,13166544,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,098v,So ♥♥♥♥ing rad
,Recommended,245170,13146976,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Radimay,"Great online network, and solid fighting. I cannot recomend this game enough."
,Recommended,245170,13162015,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,HyperStar,"because of how kawaii those characters are, im forced to come back and play this game all the time.i have no goddamn idea how to play fighting game tho9/10 would spam ranged atack again"
76561198069506398,Recommended,245170,13046649,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,zodiav38352,"While a little bare boned, this is an excellent fighting game, espeically given its fairly low price. Along with that, there is an expanding roster of DLC characters, who have the advantage of being free for the first 3 months upon release. I wish this game had a couple more modes, but even with what it has, there is plenty of personality in the characters, art, and music. Overall, an 8.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,12999241,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,♥Baby Lofty♥,"Love this game, the dev team is super nice!"
76561197973023516,Recommended,245170,12999819,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Eyemarten,"yo, painwheel tho"
76561197993236928,Recommended,245170,13000958,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,DemonScuzz,"Coming from a brand new player: Skullgirls is a fantastic fighting game. It is not, however, a particularly FRIENDLY fighting game. The tutorials are incredibly detailed and can easily overwhelm you, demanding mastery of precise controls when all you want to do is just punch the other character until they fall down. Don't let it intimidate you, though, there's a terrific game just waiting for you to catch up to it.My advice to fellow beginners: select ""Single Player Mode"", set the difficulty to ""Sleepwalk"" (the easiest possible), and go nuts. Story or Arcade, just grab a girl and dive in headfirst. Then swap to another. And another. See who you like and who you don't. Then start studying the move lists, poking through the tutorials, and digging into the details. If you're like me, this first taste of actual (though super easy mode) gameplay won't make you an expert, but it will make you hungry for more."
76561198106558236,Recommended,245170,13004441,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,numb,Recommended
,Recommended,245170,12973671,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Deadsonicmoon,"This is a great six button fighter. If offers a robust fighting system, beautiful hand drawn sprites, and a great tutorial mode for begginers. Would definitely recomend using a stick while playing. 10/10"
,Recommended,245170,12976028,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JAMZ,=|>Game is Hard
,Recommended,245170,12976344,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Cosmic Crow,"If Disney and Warner Bros were like ""Hey, if we made a 2D fighting game in the form of Anime-esque. What would it look like?""Congratulations you get Skullgirls (I ain't saying that because of Peacock). Nothing better than choosing your Waifus and forcing them to fight in the 2D pit of death in which there is a chance of getting beat with over 90 hit unbreakable combos (Online Multiplayer)In actuality, this game has awesome animations and cool stories of the playable characters that are too short. In my opionion this game is still unfinished when it comes to the Lore. We still don't know anything about Double. We do get more information when another character is added in.Its kind of like.... Each character's story you play is a  different timeline because in the end of your choosen character ""Wins"" that path to the end helps us understand other characters. We don't much about Double or the Godesses. BUT hopefully more characters will be added to complete the whole idea of it. Which makes this game fun.I love this game. I even bought a Squigly mug and a Peacock shirt, from an Expo.If you buy the game please know that when new characters come out they are free. Just letting you know.Gewd Game"
,Recommended,245170,12976884,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,春日野。jP@雨と雪#2BisBae,Amazing indie fighting game. Wonderful artwork and beautiful jazz music! If you want an indie fighter that has great music this is the game for you
,Recommended,245170,12977332,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Erk,This game is so good its like if one good thing and another good thing had sex and their child was the goodest thing that ever gooded.
76561197997429264,Recommended,245170,12977517,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,richygoku16,"Really solid fighting game, great mechanics and cool characters. A good buy at full price but a great deal on sale."
,Recommended,245170,12977753,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,IcyScrumpy,"it's great. for me, the only real big problem is my addiction to spamming pea♥♥♥♥♥ high punch. YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO! YOO HO HO!"
,Recommended,245170,12978091,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Acorn Scorn,beat up a girl with talking hair as a robotic saxaphone detective 10/10
,Recommended,245170,12978585,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Chocolate Rain,I rekt every character (theres 13 i think) with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nurse and dont even know how to play
76561198137728235,Recommended,245170,12978586,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Xedhadeaus,"Take some of the most classic impactful fighting games like Marvel vs Capcom 2 and King of fighters 2003 and Capcom vs. SNK 2 and squeeze the elements together in a tasty blend of did I just see panties, and you have skullgirls.It is a beautiful game to look at as well as play, and like some of the newer fighting games, there is more impact upon different specials and not just special strengths, so some moves have same inputs but different moves depending on strengths which is good, though if you were looking for a similar move with a smaller hole... You may miss out.Combat is incredibly smooth, the moves go together and supers are basic and practically impossible to accidentally do, which is phenominal for those ryu 3 super mistakes... you can easily switch outs and perform snap backs, as well as use the one character you excel at without having to carry around a bunch of mules to bide.However... Because it is a new game, I find myself slightly annoyed at the matchups, because like in marvel vs capcom 1 or xmen vs street fighter, there are chances you will have to face the same opponets again, so if you hate the seemingly dedicated projectile character, You will seemingly have to sit through the megaman and bass king missile boss again just to get through it... If you don't know what you're doing. So eventually when there are more characters to use. It will probably rival or beat the fighting games it is modelled after. Mechanically it may already have. But it surely will after they have enough legacy content to lay onto the game."
76561198041156751,Recommended,245170,13073120,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Proto,Everyone is just so cute even with all the fan service.
76561198066943605,Recommended,245170,13075985,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Extra Crispy,"I must admit at first I bought it on a whim since it was on sale, but I don't regret my decision. The visuals are awesome, the final boss looks cool and the character designs are top notch. The only issue I have with this game is the rather weak storyline given to the characters. Well maybe not exactly weak, it's just that while all of them have strong themes the seriously fast pace in which every story is told just doesn't let you connect to the characters emotionally. If you're looking for just the visuals and game play (and girls beating each other up) this is definitely for you. But if you want an emotional ride then I think you'd better look somewhere else."
,Recommended,245170,13047543,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Faux_illusion,"Good Points:Great Fighting System used here. The term ""Easy to learn, Hard to master"" is perfect for this.Nice Art Style and Music adds to the experience.Good Balancing of the characters.Very indepth and helpful tutorial.A fair few things to unlock as you play through the game.A Story for each character livens up each of the characters.Bad Points:If you play online, you will get your butt handed to you.The Story for each character is really short.There is a lot of fanservice used for a few characters *coughcough* Valentine, Cerabella *coughcough*Overall Score: 9/10. Fun, Enjoyable and definitely Recommended."
76561198004917256,Recommended,245170,13048449,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Geo,Best ecchi fighter i have ever played
76561198060584785,Recommended,245170,13048959,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,narutorules,Is rly fast.Is rly easy to learn.Is rly good
76561198051827164,Recommended,245170,13033372,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fearless Soul,OMFG WOW PEOPLE  SPAM THE SHT OUT OF BOMBS AND GUN WITH PEACOCK ON ONLINE MODE i mean yeah some people have skill and can make good combos but thats just sad when u get spammed to death by sad af Peacock players i mean wow no skill at all i try to have fun online but i cant with all thease peacock spamemers
,Recommended,245170,13035755,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Fbutt.jpg,Hoy crap this game is amazing. 10/10 like marvel vs capcom without♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245170,12989153,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Tsunderestimated,Great art and amazing design. Great game for even people who hate fighters.
,Recommended,245170,12989296,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,asdzcx,hard to play tut but it till good. the story too short. 7/10
76561198127975825,Recommended,245170,12989866,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hunter the Hunter,"While appearing at first glance as another generic anime game about the exploitation of women, Skullgirls turns out to be a surprisingly creative, intense, quality fun-filled fighter that can't keep the player from coming back.  While the girls in the game are beautiful, the animation and graphics are even more gorgeous.  And the use of the arrow keys for movement rather than classic wsad for pc can really give your w key a break from moving forward so much in other games :).  Of course, the most important aspect of fighting games is the action and controls, and Skullgirls makes sure the easy controls deliver the fastest, most intense action possible.Seriously, just go get it now."
,Recommended,245170,12990176,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,DylonMGV,SKKKKKKUUUUUUULLLLLLLLL GGGGIIIIIIIRRRRRRRLLLLLLLLSSSSSS! its awesome as all hell!
76561198021471207,Recommended,245170,12991814,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Xx_Avenger_xX,"New to fighting games? You could go play Street Fighter IV and get thrown in the deep end with just a list of character chains to perform, but you won't learn anything that way.You wont know anything about Mix-ups, hit confirmation, overheads, cross ups and how to block them. This is why I recommend anyone new to fighting games to play Skullgirls. It actually teaches you important game mechanics with an excellent tutorial, which is something Street Fighter IV fails at completely.The game is heavily influenced by Marvel vs Capcom 2 from what I can tell .. because I played that game to death back in the early 2000s ... it plays exactly the same, with team assists, snapback attacks, ground recovery, super jumps, air dashes and hyper combos ... errr I mean Blockbuster Attacks .. :)Combos are clean and feel great to perform and its not hard to rack up hits with just some basic chains.The art style is great and the music and sounds are very fitting. Character art is very ""anime"", while it might not appeal to some I like it a lot.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,245170,12992514,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Trance_85,"This game is definitely one of the most hard-core fighting games I've ever come across; supremely high skill ceiling.AMAZING netcode: I played someone from Japan with over 300 ping and it felt better than playing someone in europe on Ultra Street Fighter 4.The fact that it was on sale on steam has also boosted the size of the playerbase and hopefully we'll all stay :D. Now to somehow convince everyone playing Street Fighter to come to Skullgirls...Pro Tip: If you're using Keyboard to play this game try this layout (AKA Hitbox Layout - Google ""how to hitbox for tips on using this layout - SOCD doesn't work on keyboards):A=Left, S=Down, D=Right, Space=Up/Jump - this makes doing 360 grabs a lot easier; I like to hit space with my right thumb+LK+LP if that helps ^_^.IOP for LP, MP, HPJKL for LK, MK, HKFor assists and Macro's you can use whatever - I use '[' and ';'Just be warned that you MUST use a keyboard that has some sort of Anti-Ghosting and more than 6-Key Roll Over (google this if you're not sure what it means) or a lot of your inputs won't even come out."
,Recommended,245170,12971971,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,|NRAC| Spike,"I played a ton of Street Fighter 4 with its various editions great game. Skullgirls however I find myself coming back to more often when I want to play a fun fighting game. The characters are fun and very different from one another, and the option of choosing 1-3 fighters is fun and keeps matches exciting and varied. The combos while at first can be a little daunting are more forvgiving and variable than what you would find in a game like Street Fighter.My only gripe is that online play can be a bit sparse and more often than not I find myself running into the same players online without many or any other choices for opponents. Which lends itself to being very challenging and uninviting to new players."
,Recommended,245170,12972170,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,NSman,"The training mode is the best I've ever tried in a fighting game and should get you scoring reasonably high combos without too many problems, but be warned it is still very technical and very difficult.  If you like 2D fighters, this is a very good one."
,Recommended,245170,12972223,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Obese Walrus,"Great game, engaging for any level of skill, even if just playing alone."
,Recommended,245170,13012074,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,~KawaiiChodeChan~,"Waifu the fighting game: Easy to pick up, fun to play. Big Boobies/10"
,Recommended,245170,13011404,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ラムブ,"From someone that never entirely liked fighting games. (This is the exception)Sure, I played Tekken when I was younger, but that was just a mass of button mashing and spamming. I heard about this game from the infamous Matt and Woolie (Who make a cameo in the game), as well as one of my friends mentioned that he played it a lot. I was also a bit reluctant to buy it when people said that it was one of the more difficult fighting games.I didn't know what to expect from this game really. I bought it since it was on sale, and heard a few good things about it, so I jumped and took the chance. I just thought it was some fighting game where you spam buttons or do combos or something... It's not that. Skullgirls has a pretty damn steep learning curve. Instantly tried playing Arcade on ""Normal"" and I was used to wipe the floor (sometimes literally). If you're somewhat new to fighting games like I was, do the Training levels more than once. Even on ""Easy"", a poor player will get nearly or completely destroyed. (Damn you Big Band) Since I'm only a few hours in, I've still got much to learn. But damn, this game is really addictive. Recently, the game hasn't left my mind. Getting a chain higher than 3 gives this sense of achievement. I really love and enjoy the art style; it has its own uniqueness to it.Some criticism: The campaigns could be more related to each other as well as a bit longer. Other than that, I've been having fun.Goodbye productivity! (Again...)"
,Recommended,245170,13013268,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,100% Hamon,10/10 would bang
76561198095379254,Recommended,245170,13186230,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,KingMob,"Wow, what an amazing game.  If you love 2D fighting games get this. It is kind of a mix of MvC2, Guilty Gear and it's own style. I had been playing sf4 all the time prior to getting this and haven't really touched it since I got SG. This game is made by a huge fan of fighting games. Great design, mechanics and feel. The online netcode is AMAZING it uses GGPO which works well. The player base isn't huge, but there are always matches avaliable if you are willing to wait 2-3 minutes. Each character feels unique and all characters are viable.Also the game is constantly patched.  Game has a wonderful tutorial and I can't reccomend it enough. It is the best 2D fighter on Steam. Get it!"
76561198082784146,Recommended,245170,7604841,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Sureii,"The most legit fighting game ever... *cough, cough* , that was a joke, but no seriously  play it =A=..."
76561198047915832,Recommended,245170,14036205,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kawaii Trash,"Beat this girl 5 times in a row and was trying to let her win the last 2 matches, adding insult to injury.Laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,13627214,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Milk,"I've been playing Skullgirls for a while now, and I honestly admit that it's a great fighting game:- It's easy to pick up for someone not familiar with the Fighting genre and it's complexity.- There also is a In-Depth Tutorial on the game's controls, characters, and mechanics if I would like to get better at the game and actually learn something about it:-Like me, who, before Skullgirls I didn't know how to play any fighting game other than the Super Smash Bros. Series. But, thanks to their player friendly tutorial I became average at best, which is a whole lot better than the guy who just didn't understand why he was getting thrown around so much and not being given a chance to fight back.-Games like Street Fighter always turned me away from the Fighting Genre because they just expect me to know how to play the game and if I search for a tutorial in a Street Fighter what do I find? Nothing. Nothing at all. Like I'm supposed to straight out know what ""qc.P+P"" or ""j.HP > s.MP"" is supposed to mean.-The Gameplay is Smooth, very smooth in fact there might be character(s) that kind of stiff, like for example, Parasoul but she makes up for it with long range attacks. Yet, if you do learn how to use her, you can probably keep up with some of the faster fighters.-As for the smoothness of the gameplay there's rarely a time when I input an incorrect command,-The Artwork is beautiful and in 2D with a lot of cute girls with great inner strength (and regular strength since they are fighting each other) and although there is Fanservice, which I know can be a turn away for some people, it's always done within good taste and it's not over the top.Over all I Recommend this game because it has:-Good Gameplay.-Is Easily Accessible for Pros and Beginners alike.-Beautiful Artwork-Has Cute & Strong Girl Characters. (Of course)"
76561198070054902,Recommended,245170,13628329,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CaptainTeemo,GREAT FIGHTING GAME!!! This game has nice fluid gameplay with great 2d fighting game graphics! A very diverse and likeable cast of characters to choose from. lots of fun to be had! I've bought this game twice now; once on xbox live and this time on steam. Was worth both buys!
,Recommended,245170,13631051,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,UwU,"some one hero in this game have costume same on miku , and luka , hahahaha..."
,Recommended,245170,13631557,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,JohnGee,
,Recommended,245170,12610887,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Yamakira,"love this game, only draw back is the limited amount of characters but more should be coming. still a must try!!!"
76561198046821310,Recommended,245170,11226020,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,1800flame,"Though there aren't as many characters as many big-name fighting games, Skullgirls makes up for in quantity with a strong foundation of quality. Almost everything about the game is top-notch- art direction, animation, game mechanics, unique characters with distinct playstyles, and sound design are superb and complement each other nicely. Pulling off basic combos is simple and intuitive, and most of the special moves are easy to pull off for a casual fighting game fan. However, Skullgirls still has lots of depth for the hardcore player to experience, and helps ease in new players with its comprehensive in-game tutorial. I honestly can't think of any major flaws that haven't already been adressed by patches and upates.Skullgirls probably isn't a game that will get you into fighters, but i'f you're already a fan of the genre it's a real treat."
,Recommended,245170,11193483,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Super Will Chan,Mad fun.
,Recommended,245170,13084968,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Mictlan93,10/10 It was alright.
76561198002009022,Recommended,245170,13085081,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ZarquonReturns,"So far so good. Haven't dived into multiplayer and the supposedly great GGPO netcode, but really enjoying the single player. There's a funky retro pin-up girl aesthetic for the all-female (except for the DLC) characters, which might not be great for feminists but brings a great sense of style and fun. Fighting mechanics are fast, fluid and fair. Risk and reward for ambitious moves seems very well balanced. The tutorial is one of the best I've seen, for a fighting game newb like me."
,Recommended,245170,13640186,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Hubris of Eddy,"An excellent 2D fighter in the vein of older capcom fighters, is postively gorgeous to look at, has a superb soundtrack, and not to mention the dev team is very responsive with the community. There's no reason not to atleast try it."
76561198035704171,Recommended,245170,14915804,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Ness,"Egrets, get ready!"
,Recommended,245170,14967570,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Ajaxtream,Great game. super fun. devs respect players. nuff said
76561198120442574,Recommended,245170,14903657,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Armorgames,"Pros:-Very well detailed character artwork (animation)-Well unified overall theme (steampunk city&fantasy)-Very unique and distinct female characters-Short yet great and to-the-point story mode-Constant update, to-be-added characters (Endless beta)-Much fanserviceCons:-Relatively small character pool (keep growing though)-Hard to find suitable opponent on multiplayer-Not able to play in front of family"
,Recommended,245170,14982999,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Valence Eos,almost the Best fighing game evershame there needs to be more charecters befor i is the true one and only ulti best game
,Recommended,245170,15054337,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,s1carii,"One of the best fighting games out there, hands down."
,Recommended,245170,19643604,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Loafster,Is basically a Waifu street fighter. 10/10
76561198088187969,Recommended,245170,18371550,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Retro Warrior,thank you skullgirls! less dual booting!
,Recommended,245170,30647532,Posted: 20 March,all,Rexburger,"A boatload of fun and surprisingly accessible for newcomers to the fighting game genre, myself included.Fanservice if you want it and independent female characters if you want it...both are thereCharacters are all really distinct from one another.10/10 animated artstyleOverall a bretty gud game, you could do a whole lot worse"
,Recommended,245170,19655750,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,punk,it's pretty good melee better tho lmao
,Recommended,245170,19270430,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,LuckyMelancholy,"Goes online, Gets rekt immediatly. Put's same skill lvl. Get's destroyed...  FUN GAME! (It's actually pretty freaking awesome)"
,Recommended,245170,19268712,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,High Visibility,I like it.
76561198085724135,Recommended,245170,19297778,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Éamonn ó Ceannt,This is a game were you can play as a zombie opra siniger with a skeleton dragon parisite in her head. just think about that for a moment. Go Squidly.
,Recommended,245170,19280984,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,shii 🍣,Valentine has greatbewbsmoves 10/10:filiahat:
,Recommended,245170,19264938,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,"Curry, plip!",its ok i guess
76561198046940199,Recommended,245170,19261909,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Pop,"I got this game when it was on sale. At first it was a free weekend, then it became where i actually bought a game out of a humble bundle. This is probably the only fighter type game I can play other than smash bros melee. Compared to the streetfighter I got off a bundle this game literally destroys it. It's fun, not a chore, and when I'm stuck in a fighter games notorious stun lock I sometimes survive it! I can pick this game up even after not playing it for half a year without issues, I attempt to play streetfighter on multiple occasions and not only do the controls feels horrible it feels like a chore. Great game, and challenging. Also love the multiple fighter choice option."
76561198106468784,Recommended,245170,18828268,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ragingpotato,squigly best waifu 10/10 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198096560985,Recommended,245170,19275562,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Rafa,-unique characters-tight controls-tight combo system-anti-full life depleteng combo system-fun-FREAKING AWESOME BIG BAND WORTH ALL THE MONEY-fun beowulf-kawaii gurls
76561198056711410,Recommended,245170,19287800,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ormajandraden,Very good and balanced fighting game.
76561198105797139,Recommended,245170,16190463,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,MyLittleMortys,This is basically what high school is like.
76561198017488207,Recommended,245170,16191090,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Yoyoma1910,Enjoyable little gem.
,Recommended,245170,16191225,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Bahamut X,I like this game is really good
,Recommended,245170,16191683,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Sikaran,"If you haven't tried out SG: E yet, you should! (^_^) It's one of the most beautifully-animated and mechanically-interesting 2D fighting games of this generation."
,Recommended,245170,16192215,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Fekix,"its a pretty and funny game, i like it  very much!"
76561198085371209,Recommended,245170,16193306,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Echac,Good mechanics but Filia needs a serious nerf.
,Recommended,245170,16193638,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,AnimuuStew,What's missing from your life?This.
,Recommended,245170,16204203,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,-=Antivenom=-,LOVE IT <3
,Recommended,245170,16204175,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Nicrob,I love the plot of this game. It has such a deep and meaningful story.. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,245170,16211523,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,PeenDiddler,every batshit crazy thing you have read you can play as  are 100% accurate.i prefer smooth jazz king dee dee dee detective10/10
,Recommended,245170,16236768,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,8 Visor,Great game! Very addicting.
76561198045739513,Recommended,245170,16236785,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Tomang,"At first I though this game would just be a really lewd fighting game, and i wasn't wrong, but the mechanics in this game are great! ^_^ along with the amazing tutorial that really helped me get started with this game. This is a very good game to get started with, and as well a great game for more intermediate players."
,Recommended,245170,16238143,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Lyria Kyrielight,Fun but i confused to do some combos
,Recommended,245170,16244339,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,john,"So I honestly suck at fighter games, but these game wasn't hard to pick up. also it's graphics and effects look clean."
,Recommended,245170,19760093,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,lv70,"Reeaally fantastic fighting game, recommended for both newbies (like myself) and pros. A+ characters also!"
,Recommended,245170,16568338,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Topwaffle,"Don't take it from my time played on Steam, I have been playing this game on the Xbox for quite some time. It's a very solid fighting game with great mechanics, smooth controls, and great character design. Quite a bit of fun, especially if you are a fan of breasts."
76561198043769173,Recommended,245170,20925892,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Mr. Pyre,"This is a very fast-paced game. The story lines are great, the framerate is out of this world, and not to mention that a hentai artist took part in making this game more... aesthetically pleasing...Skullgirlsis a button-mashing, heart-racing, blood-pumping, action-packed speed fest that calls for non-stop fun!15/10 There are also a couple of dudes in there."
,Recommended,245170,20906967,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,(HGMN)(KNG)Gengarsprodigy,"Hmm my first review. Where do I start with this one. all emotions aside, skullgirls is my favorite fighting game of all time. It has (in my opinion) This is one of the most balenced games I have ever played. And all of the charectors have a very unique  playstyle to me.  Now on to something. I know it shows I only have 120 hours on record at the time of making this, But i have countless hours on xbox, and to this day i still love every single piece of music in this whole game. And I just want to say Thank you for making this terrific game and i reccomend it to everyone. So much so it led me to make this horrificly written review. :)"
76561198103780356,Recommended,245170,20903713,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Joobacca,Get Hard 2: The fighting game if you catch my drift ;)
76561198205758193,Recommended,245170,21311557,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,kamelyan,"I think this game is good.  It seems good.  Yeah, it's probably good.The controls are more difficult than any Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter game.  Then again, maybe I need a better controller than the translucent-pink 360 controller I use for my PC.Story-mode does not have a save option; it's a total drag.  I started a run, played five matches, noticed the loading icon between each match, then quit after my character died.  I thought I would resume from where I last left off, but I was forced to start all over.  Given that I only play a game fifteen minutes at a time, I am doomed to repeat the same fifteen minutes of a character's story.Developers, please patch in an autosave for the story mode.  I really want to know what happens to Painwheel after fighting her shadow clone."
,Recommended,245170,21309843,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Strawberry ♡ Kitten,10/10nothing beats getting destroyed by Robo Fortune
,Recommended,245170,21298889,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,brainykong,"A very good fighting game for any Street Fighter or Marvel vs. Capcom fans who loves doing different ways to get a combo or love the 3 characters on a team, highly recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,245170,20888081,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Magma,Boner inducing graphics are where its at
,Recommended,245170,20876608,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,shostakovich,A true labor of love. Gorgeous art and flaunting femininity.
76561198110458187,Recommended,245170,21141628,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,☠Łä§†☯ßƦ£ä†ĥ☠,this game is very goob !!.....
,Recommended,245170,16072119,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Prune Juice,The Bible never said it's a sin to sell your soul to kawaii girls.
,Recommended,245170,21243579,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Gelatart,"I'm terrible at fighting games, but this is one I really enjoy. BEAUTIFUL artwork, great characters, and plenty of fun with friends. Lots of replay value, and great fighting mechanics."
,Recommended,245170,21245418,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TheMindAdept,Yay achievements
76561198200235147,Recommended,245170,21246859,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Festive Skeleton 🎃,Waifu wars: The game
,Recommended,245170,21255715,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Sergeant Politeness,"You come for the boobs, you stay for the HIGH-OCTANE COMPETIVE FIGHTING SCENE AND NEVER EVER WANT TO LEAVE."
76561198138106137,Recommended,245170,21250768,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Marinara Menace,A fantastic western fighting game i would recomend to anyone if you can see past almost every charicter being underclothed and spewing innuendo wich in some cases gives the game its charm than its compleatly worth the 15 dollers
76561198047247489,Recommended,245170,21252292,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Regina Guendolina VII,Beowulf best husbando
,Recommended,245170,21261404,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,sans is not ur waifu #teamheavy,if your a fan of fighting games then i recommend this game
,Recommended,245170,21275197,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,cokotoys,"This fighting game has the best tutorial I've seen in any kind of deep input-based game. The tutorial explains and teaches the systems in a way that makes me excited to play against better players.The characters are great, I love them all.I hope there will be a sequel soon."
76561198037079499,Recommended,245170,20228391,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SKATERO,i suck at this game but its pretty fun lol
76561198119412090,Recommended,245170,30642145,Posted: 20 March,all,PeachiiPup,.
,Recommended,245170,20254209,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Lyinking,yo this game is good.
76561198042369458,Recommended,245170,20164171,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,znubz,Great characters and is a lot easier to play than other 2D fighters. Button presses during combos are bufferable to a certain extent making this game not rediculous to hit 1-2 frame links. I would reccomend this to anyone who would like to get into 2D fighters
,Recommended,245170,20191377,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zaph,"You might enjoy this game if you love Marvel VS Capcom 2, since it uses a similar fighting system."
76561198030608408,Recommended,245170,20194767,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Gerald,Don't ever play Fukua.♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,245170,16452201,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,『KING CRIMSON』,>started the game>picked peacock cuz she looked cool>pressed buttons randomly>steam roller falls from the sky>her bird starts to shout MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA10/10 would ZA WARUDO again
,Recommended,245170,24410909,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,☆Stardust Flowers☆,"This game will gurantee the following...-Panty shots!-Lewdly dressed characters!-Cat puns!-Clones!-Schoolgirls!-A good time with friends!(Unless they don't have a copy, may the Trinity bless their souls)OP Tuba Man!10/10 would die multiple times to a Big Band main"
76561198048226727,Recommended,245170,21201712,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,thegreatowl,"10/10 squigly best waifu 2013-2016tho i'm bad at fighter game,but it's still very fun to play!for me,it's a very nice game!"
76561198109734184,Recommended,245170,21067310,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Warden Hellfire,"Yes, Yes, is very good. Even though i cant seem to get the moves down for the life of me."
,Recommended,245170,12329883,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,mantra,"Fun fighter, good for new comers.  This was my first fighter outside of arcades, coming in I sucked, and now I still suck."
76561198054406158,Recommended,245170,20076593,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Vincent Law,salt
76561198210763311,Recommended,245170,24783102,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Polybius,ITs fun but i gets to hard if you dont have a controllermore like near impossible
,Recommended,245170,24815120,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,D.Morok,nice uncommon fighting
76561198141718725,Recommended,245170,22401621,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,edgy panda,I SUCK AT THIS GAME COULD YOU PLEASE MAKE THE FIGHT AGIANST FILLIA IN FUKUAS STORY EASIER!!! PLZ PLZ PLZ!!! DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198124180065,Not Recommended,245170,16197198,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Ymirithe,"seemed like a good game, but the control are absolutely unusable, both with a keyboard and with a xbox controler.im glad i got this only 1/3 of the price.  its absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ i can't even check the control setting nor play.if someone know how to make the control work. ping me please."
,Recommended,245170,22439747,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,puddsy‽,"PROS:GREAT tutorial for people who have never played a fighting game before.Forgiving characters with easy combosSpecatular soundtrackGreat character art and animationsCONS:The community is very small, and the people who do play are probably way better than you."
76561198124217220,Recommended,245170,30758180,Posted: 26 March,all,Manabu Sakuma,"Skullgirls has the appeal of 2D traditional animation, interesting character design with intense anime morphing and smear frames that draw my attention immediately. Great job!"
76561198051010431,Recommended,245170,22417542,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Pdox,Great character variety and interesting matchups make this one of the better fighters out there.
76561198254326902,Recommended,245170,20732128,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,zankurous,"Be mindful that this review focuses on the offline experience, having said that, on with the review!Looking for a gorgeous looking fighting game filled with intriguing characters and made by people who obviously love the fighting game genre? Skullgirls may be just what your looking for.Pros:+ Gorgeous graphics featuring a hillarious cartoon-like style.+ Intriguing storyline.+ An unusual cast filled with a fun yet varied moveset and different strategies to use. (No two characters play the same!)+ Face your oponnents either by using a single character or a two or three member team!+ Fast paced gameplay that reward the use of variety in combos (Apparently without infinites to worry about...)+ Very responsive controls (either a joystick or a gamepad will do just fine!)+ Comprehensive tutorials will get you up to speed not only to this game, but on fighting games in general.+ Great soundtrack and professional voicework filled with plenty of charm.+ Plenty of in-game nods and references to videogames & media in general for you to find.+ Runs great on the average pc. (No need for a dedicated gaming pc for this one!)Cons:- The gameplay style favors players with agressive playstyles, so beginners may feel overwhelmed at first.- The average combo count borders on the excessive and a little mistake can cost you dearly.- The story mode was apparently designed with an arcade game mindset (In other words, it is very short!)- Could use more single player modes (either a survival or a mission mode would do wonders!)- Most of the references in the game are definitely geared toward older fighting game players only.- It may be a staple of the genre, but the final boss (the skullgirl) is hillariously cheap! ;)In short, I definitely love this game and look forward to either a sequel or more content! Be sure to grab it if you are a seasoned fighting game veteran or a beginner with a interest in the genre!"
76561198048045487,Recommended,245170,16852602,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,GreenTeaTM,I hate this game.10/10.
,Recommended,245170,20819540,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ColeTheHole!~,like mario but better. and boobs
,Recommended,245170,21086574,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,SuzumeChan,This Game is so fun i rate 9/10
76561198133614127,Recommended,245170,21111311,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Friendly Guy,This game is great !
76561198065642603,Recommended,245170,21056150,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Doctor Ellios,I dont know what happened man.All that i remember is that i was laying in a pool of my own vomit and waking up without my kidney and a boner harder than steel.And then all the memories of the war came backAll the children i killed and all the horrible things i had to do became as vivid as the man im stabbing right now.Thats basically Skullgirls in a nutshellEliza is best girl.
76561198177126459,Recommended,245170,21090964,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Stufful Supreme,"11/10 One of the best 2D fighters I have ever played, that and nothing like fighting with a dude surrounded with Jazz"
,Recommended,245170,21096046,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,east boast,None of my friends like games like this11 hours of solo play
,Recommended,245170,17244367,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,chief,its ♥♥♥♥ing skullgirls
,Recommended,245170,17245687,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Pumpkin cake,squigly: the♥♥♥♥♥was fat
,Recommended,245170,17175685,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,KilluA,Nice fighting game with a good ambiance and also interesting fight mechanics.
,Recommended,245170,17180622,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Walas,"Can be really fun if both players know what they're doing. Simple button mashing rarely works. You can pull off some really crazy combos. If you feel comfortable with gamepads then go for it. Sometimes it felt like the control wasn't connecting very often. Some combos are just pure luck for me. The mechanics are really in-depth. Make sure to go through the tutorial first!The art is sexy, a real eye candy. Overall theme of the game is really cool. One thing that annoys me is that guy in the background that thinks it's a show of somekind. Meh.DLC's were a bit of a disappointment. Glad I got this on a deal."
76561198065685366,Recommended,245170,17212082,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sunshine,super good! mechanics are great and the animations are superb. dont play online if youre new youre gonna have a bad time
76561198007477024,Recommended,245170,17250085,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,PhysicsLime,"""Always wanted to get into fighting games ... buy this game."""
,Recommended,245170,17254133,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,GeneralBakedPotato,An awsome 2d fighter with exelent controlls and smooth animations andd controlls and styized graphics and plenty of fan service to go around.
,Recommended,245170,17112534,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Nynja B. Strange,"idk why but i really do love this game lol.. but if there is anything that will drive me utterly nuts.. its putting on the weakest setting.. to learn.. and then have the ai literally make it impossible in no time lol.. like what is that about?? what is the point of giving us the ability to set such things if the ai over rides that if i try to learn combos? putting it on cakewalk should STOP them from breaking me.. STOP them from doing a better combo right back to me.. making it literally impossible to beat certain peoples stories even on cakewalk haha.. like that's the one thing that gets me, cakewalk is just that with certain peoples story lines.. yet some of the later characters, it doesn't matter if you have it on cakewalk or not, the ai goes buck the second it sees me land anything longer than a 10, cakewalk, is for learning lol.. why does it feel like i am trying to prove myself to someone/ai in cake walk mode??? defeats the entire purpose of difficulty settings guys haha <3"
76561198091555446,Recommended,245170,12794322,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Legion is bae,Big band is the best
76561197962149546,Recommended,245170,12839162,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Miggs,Dat menu music though.
,Recommended,245170,12862879,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,blastketchums_,This game is pretty amazing ..i haven't played any game like this before. I recommend buying it .
76561198035887700,Recommended,245170,12760239,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Dipilodorkus,"Fantastic fighter, flows real well.Good story. worth every penny"
,Recommended,245170,12823910,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Omurice,I am absolutely in love with this game.
76561198043378705,Recommended,245170,12164545,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,(Andgalik),It's a very good fighting game. I recommend everyone to play it
,Recommended,245170,20778209,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,BirbMan,great gameneeds controlers though
76561198274943073,Recommended,245170,21202839,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Fantomyte,Gameplay pretty technical but verry enjoyable none the less. Great to enjoy with friends.ps: A 2D game!!!! YAY (lot of work/Money(lol) to make those nowadays)
,Recommended,245170,21275352,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,The-Mikester,"Excellent fighting game! In my small expeirience with the game, I have not encountered game destorying lag online either :)"
,Recommended,245170,21035898,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,noclip,Gut
76561198169998158,Recommended,245170,21025959,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Hideo Kojima,"As far as fighting games go, this is one of the better ones, it's a lot of fun, thanks to the fast combat and stunning visuals. One of the highlights of the game though is the soundtrack, it's got a jazz motive and it makes the fast combat and entertaining gameplay feel lively and allows it to never grow boring, and as of the release of this review, the game is 80% off, so buy this game right now while it's cheap. When it comes to fighting games, this is one of the best, it comes highy reccomended from me."
,Recommended,245170,18509038,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,MasonLegs,This game is fun but I just find it too hard to play while one hand is in my pants.
,Recommended,245170,21162208,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lord Kelvin,Get wrecked on multiplayer.
76561198004389894,Recommended,245170,21162070,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,jlawson797,A short run of the mill fighting game.  Bright colorful sprites and over the top action. Very visually appealing.
76561198035714560,Recommended,245170,20056182,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Masamune X,Best trumpet simulator on Steam.
,Recommended,245170,20062218,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Grant,Is it one of the best modern 2D fighters? Yes. Is it streamlined well enough to get you learning right away? Also yes.
,Recommended,245170,22637031,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,HYDROCHLORIDE,ibbegud
76561198145380990,Recommended,245170,22656708,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,@-@,its fun
,Recommended,245170,16245503,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Seeyan,Smooth animation.Awesome characters.Sweet game design.10/10
,Recommended,245170,22294300,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,rylan,"A fun fighting game for only $14.99.I suck♥♥♥♥♥♥at fighting games, although, it is still fun. :)"
,Recommended,245170,22170893,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Dr. Adorable,the closest thing we will ever get to marvel vs capcom on the pc
,Recommended,245170,22171003,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,PsByte,Best boob physics 10/10.
,Recommended,245170,22138154,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,yung venuz,it is good :)
,Recommended,245170,22254828,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Oruks,Cool and addicting graphics.
,Recommended,245170,14527151,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,tastycrayon,Beowulf best girl 10/10
,Recommended,245170,17499053,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,"I'm, Bob?",If you have placed me in an oven with skullgirls on I wouldent even notice my skin burning from the heat. 10/10
76561198017889174,Recommended,245170,22353123,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Recon,Very nice 2D Fighting game
76561198220542771,Recommended,245170,22347487,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,RichardtheShadowPrince,"I love this game, it's fun, epic, and I love it."
,Recommended,245170,12518331,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,DanDan,GET GUD OR GET REKT
,Recommended,245170,21370631,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ML2Night夜^,"Single player: great game can 1v1 , 2v1 ,3v1 , 3v2  also an arcade mode and historymultiplayer: a lot of pro players , can't stand up for a simple hitwelp , gr8 game"
,Recommended,245170,7672166,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Andryxa,Поиграв в Skullgirls вы забудите что такое Mortal Kombat. После нее другие файтинги не интересные.
76561198156651865,Recommended,245170,13776757,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,INSOMNIAC,"Well I can see why this is popular among the males, I think we all do, that one scene with Eliza especially, but all in all it is a great fighter game to have on the PC. Even though sometimes it will have you screaming in rage, having you exit the game in a flash, you will still come back for more. It is an enjoyable game for any audience."
,Recommended,245170,22115555,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Black MaB,Awesome sauce and moosaults
76561198053041128,Recommended,245170,22114113,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Eryius,"Really, really good. Big band is top tier."
76561198143527760,Recommended,245170,22109752,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Preacher,"A sexy and stylish game with interesting characters and a riveting story. Although I truly stink at fighting games, I still love to play this!"
,Recommended,245170,22489465,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Scien,Game so hot they hire a hentai artist to draw it.
76561198290967558,Recommended,245170,30755528,Posted: 26 March,all,Joker,Skull Girls is an amazing game it is really fun.
,Recommended,245170,22491854,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Julianne Stingray,It was good.I was never good at it.
,Recommended,245170,22404125,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Broody_Marie,"A good fighting games and sexy girls/guys, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,245170,22545635,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,ahahah,it's great.
,Recommended,245170,22614927,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Gadget,One of the Funnest and beautiful fighting games I've played
76561198109914651,Recommended,245170,22599847,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,KylerNim,"I fully reccommend this game~It is a great fighting game with easily loveable characters, and even though the stories for each individual characters, they are each interesting enough to play through them all.The main issue though that I would more or less agree with is that the tutorial could be made more easily understandable for beginners, although the game is still easily understood with ample effort (and a glance at the control and move lists)PLAY IT"
76561198244580720,Recommended,245170,23031277,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,jubilye,Listen this game is so great it's in my top ten games and I don't even generally like this style of fighting game but this game is rad and the aesthetic is so pretty.
,Recommended,245170,24643958,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Z O I N K S,10/10 Would get rekt online again
,Recommended,245170,24684399,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Skylor,heyy that's pretty good
,Recommended,245170,24816896,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Westlin [GWJ],GIRL FIGHT!  What's not to like cause girls fight DIRTY!  Will chomp someone with a monster dress again!
76561198104064829,Recommended,245170,13063138,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Emperor Plumbus,Good Game But You'll Die Instantly in Online.
,Recommended,245170,25961304,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ghostly Boobs,ITS A FIGHTING  BUT WITH WOMEN  !
,Recommended,245170,25952914,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thot-slayer gut,it's ok i guess.i mean i've only played it for a few hours.
,Recommended,245170,16216935,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,LatePacket,Its a pretty dam good street fighter with multiple endings and a neat art style
,Recommended,245170,24924558,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,mastersord,"This is an excellent game.  It's a technical and well-polished fighting game that I'm absolutely abysmal at because my ADHD♥♥♥♥♥can't remember any of the inputs long enough to pull off a combo.  Nice art and music, but lots of fanservice, albeit in a strange and surreal contrast with the constant themes of body horror."
76561198043856823,Recommended,245170,16199487,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Y'all wild lmao,"Next to Smash Bros. this my favorite fighting game. The devs put so much effort into this and you can really tell from the music, art, and balance amongst all the fighters. As a competitive player you can enjoy all the subtle technical bits like frame traps, an in-depth training mode, cancelling, etc. AND as a casual player you can't help but smile hearing those crazy space jazz tunes and homages to different games/shows with each character's moveset."
76561198138936799,Recommended,245170,30850611,Posted: 31 March,all,djumbreon,"Hands down one of the best fighting games you will ever play.Skullgirls is what you get when you take a team of passionate developers and a dedicated fan base, then mash them together.The gameplay is a two 2D fighter, with a play style thats somewhere between the line of street fighter meets marvel vs capcom, fortunately, so long as your willing to take some time and practice, even if its just one character, you can stand your own ground in competetive online multiplayer. Skullgirls roster is a little on the small side with only 8 playable characters ( not counting the 6 DLC fighters), but good thing to note when it comes to fighting games with small rosters is that the options may not be all over the place, but at least you know that balancing is being taken seriously.Online are pretty straight forward, you play best out of three, then rejoin a lobby unless your in your own private lobby or in a tourney. online is stable given the kind of game skullgirls is. for an indie game, while its never really frequnt, you will run into players online in most instances you play. however there will be days when you find yourself waiting endleslly for a quick match opponent and nothing will happen.Learning how to play, even if your someone who doesn't ever play fighting games, the tutorial in skullgirls is amazingly well done. its got itself defined to the very last detail on combos and game macanics that you'll be able to master so long as you take some time to practice. I myself am yet to finish the tutorial by the time this goes up. simply put, its alot more advanced then pushing one or two buttons, you'll be coming back to it every so often to try learning something else about the game. Further more, some of the things the game teaches the player are even universal tips on just playing traditional fighting games in general.The story to this game is weighed heavily on which character you choose for the story mode, and every character has a path that differs greatly among everyone. while there are many details left unmentioned and while somethings may need to be pieced together, its beyond worth the time to try out with everyone at least once. There's so much there, along with so much of it being left open to the point you would be like me and ask yourself ""there's a comic series for this...right?""Things such as the soundtrack, artsyle, and even the play style of skullgirls aew juat enjoyable themselves and make it feel like for just 10 dollars, your definetly gettin your money's worth with this one.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,14500293,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Le_Piraat Blacckbaard,"This is by far my favorite fighting game and one of my alltime favorite games. It's feels so alive from the energetic but deep and chill jazz music to the polished and lively animations, this game has it all. The action is responsive and fast pased while keeping a good amount of depth to it. all around a GOOD ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!! You should try it asap.If you need a funny meme to convince you:This game made rule 34 my most popular search result."
,Recommended,245170,25076575,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,be patient i have autism,I'm quite new to the whole fighting game scene but easily one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,245170,25037880,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Actrazer,"Excellent game! A lot of fun, especially when playing with friends. Tutorials are also informative and easy to follow, making this an easier fighting game to learn."
76561198262627349,Recommended,245170,22591522,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Feelstrain12345,"If you think this game is too hard, try playing with both hands."
,Recommended,245170,19275383,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,R.I.P.ster,"One of my favorite fighting games, with exellent, polished handdrawn (!) animation and a cute and cool art style, a great soundtrack, a cool story and unique and creative character designs, and still manages to be fantastic and fun to play, whether you're doing it casually or competitively.My only gripe with this game is that there aren't enough characters...but seeing as all the frames of animation for each character were handdrawn I can't really complain since that'd take an extreme amount of time and work.Overall it's a great fighting game and you should definitely check it out!"
,Recommended,245170,25040308,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,rock3tz,Love the animation in this game.
,Recommended,245170,25132676,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Amazing Ostrich,"Despite the pride I felt when I won just one online match, I will never be as happy as I was when I noticed Ms.Fortune is also Misfortune."
,Recommended,245170,25199226,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BaDaBing-BaDaBoom,A VERY GOOD GAME!! it has fluent fighting and very good animation that isnt choppy. story is very fun to go through with good drawn cutscenes. my only complaint is i wish there were more characters.
76561198081705332,Recommended,245170,17010519,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Ekely,Greit game! kinda hard to learn all the controls when all the controls are sett up like HP means D and LP means A. i think i am gona get a xbox controller for this game. but the gameplay! it's just perfect as an fighiting game.
76561198093814829,Recommended,245170,16214822,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MjL,"I really need help i cant open the game cause give me error ""Missing Executable"", i try all the things on the forums but nothing. Btw yesterday i was playing and now i cant dont know why."
,Recommended,245170,16214853,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,hocti,very smooth animation
76561198107376100,Recommended,245170,16215144,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,`-º/Exilium\º-´,i loved this game...... maybe theres abusive people on online but stills niceill buy it nwn
,Recommended,245170,16215523,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,kookiemony,"I'm not a huge fan of fighting games, but this game has a nice art style and the gameplay mechanics are simple enough so even players new to the fighting game scene (such as myself) are able to jump into the game with a bit of confidence. This is also a good game if you and a buddy just want to mess around and talk trash to one another."
,Recommended,245170,16216097,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kise,COOL GAME
76561198053294495,Recommended,245170,16216262,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,~Lewd~,one of my top 10 fav games of all time
76561198093692624,Recommended,245170,16214099,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,VH Rolers,Do you like boobs?Do you like Fighting gamesdo you like 2D gamesthats your gameWaifu fighter (2D)8/10
,Recommended,245170,16214341,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Blaytin,"Spam A,S,D,Z,X,C SimulatorGood luck online! ;)"
,Recommended,245170,16215317,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,CuckservitiveDilf,I really like this game but no one wants to play it with me.
,Recommended,245170,16217312,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Sammy,butts
76561198072436005,Recommended,245170,16217446,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,FoxBlood,I cant feel my thumb. cant feel the tips of my fingers......proshahahah pros...yeah cause thats a thing.1.i'm addictied2. I cant find another reason3. its fun.4. its fun5. it can be hardconsokay okay lets be real here1.controls dont always register your button presses2. my thumb hurts from playing for so many hours3.online is a scary place4.dont go online till you can beat the games story mode on nightmare setting.5. dont say I didnt warn you.but uhhhh yeah. if you like side scrolling type 2d-fighing games then you will love this one.
76561198105542312,Recommended,245170,16217506,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,DigestedRaptor6,This game is so much fun and it's very challenging. You really need to know combos in order to get anything done. The artwork is very well done. Hope to see more done with this game or another like it I hope is in progress.
76561198071825947,Recommended,245170,16217561,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BaByRuTh?,"""enjoyable and accessible to newcomers.""HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"
,Recommended,245170,16463867,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Mekanik Kommandoh,"10 hours and 30 minutes left in the Summer Sale as of now, Still 2.24$ USD. You have that much time to get this, do it."
,Recommended,245170,16466867,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Erichtaker,Cool Beat'em-up game!I especially like the detailed animations from the characters.What I don't like is the extreme complexity of moves and special attacks.You need also a lot of training and knowledge to survive the online mode.Besides that it's a great game.
76561198061920513,Recommended,245170,16467402,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,XeroxFrost,This game is totally great!!
76561198104043902,Recommended,245170,13925760,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Kym Precision,2 hype 4 evo
,Recommended,245170,13927511,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,AngeLys,This game is really fun :) I would for sure recommend it to anyone!
,Recommended,245170,13961863,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Mark The Avenger,Pretty addicting gameplay and nice art styles make up a fantastic game such as this would buy again 10/10 - ign
,Recommended,245170,13848906,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Russian Ghost™,Cause what could go wrong when you put a bunch of half-naked teens fighting for a Skull that will only kill them in the end?
76561198040717560,Recommended,245170,13849310,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,boxy,Skullgirls is the only game where I can play with 300 ping and still get fluid gameplay and feel hopeless as some one constantly resets the same seemingly unbreakable combo as I desperately hit two buttons hoping to push the opponet away and yet still feel satisifed with the game.
76561198114956574,Recommended,245170,13971287,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Khem,pretty goood
,Recommended,245170,13971434,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,A Desperate Snuggle,"Female fisticuffs (amongst other things) + Dank art style + (Unavoidable) fanservice + A slick OST + Waifu material everywhere... + Dank controls + Touhou? = BEST GAME I'VE FORCED MYSELF INTO BUYING.As an FPS gamer, the whole game is quite welcoming, even for newcomers (like me) to the genre.Wanna pull off 30 hit combos with a Blockbuster to finish?Waste hours in the Training Room.You won't regret it.P.S. I find said combo impossible for my filthy fighting game casual fingers."
,Recommended,245170,13975992,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Caddywhomp,Amazing. Crafted with presision.
,Recommended,245170,14490678,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Mister Gary,"I love this game so much I've bought it on every system I can get it on. Super fun, super flashy, with incredilbe music and artwork, and a rabidly loyal and dedicated community. Everyone should pick this game up and at least try it."
76561198132375258,Recommended,245170,14570974,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,bad@GG,"Boobs, panty shots and fighting...what more can you ask?"
76561198079442961,Recommended,245170,14536055,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Dr.Moe (Dr.50/50),This game is so amazing i spent 130 hours on it without noticing.Whether you come for boobs (like i did) or the amazing fighting mechanics and stuff. Definetly worth purchasing.Final verdict: 10/10 fighting. 10/10 boobs
,Recommended,245170,12309504,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,VIRTUAL,Hot girls hitting each other? Really amazing animation? It also has good gameplay? Why haven't you bought it yet?
76561198068028741,Recommended,245170,14218566,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,oKaMiLoVeR,"A beautifuly done fast-pased 2D fighting game! I can just see the pure amount of love and effort implemented into this piece of art. The game has colorful, fluid animation that I never get tired of seeing, with each character having multiple win/lose/intros/outros animations for them. Fantastic voice acting to fit each character, Interesting story modes for each character that aren't long at all; but nearly all (sorry BB) of them had me sucked in.My only gripe would be that I'm using a keyboard instead of a compatable joystick (the cheapest joystick I could find to fit this game was $150..Yikes) ...So I was pretty much spamming my attacks with no real lead.....Cute and lovely designed girls and boy(s)...Its an A-okay in my book!"
76561198166189278,Recommended,245170,14538396,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,pellegreene,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥with the final boss as the exception. Shes a♥♥♥♥♥♥machine.
76561198063327431,Recommended,245170,6304694,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Fordlandi,"Seriously. Really smooth gameplay, great animation, music by the lady that did castlevania symphony of the night, creative character designs, and... well a little bit of perversion."
,Recommended,245170,14549472,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Gummy,great fighting gamepantyshots/10
,Recommended,245170,14553902,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ChaosCourier,"Skullgirls is an idependantly developed fighting game that is carrying tradition from fighting staples such as Street Fighter II and Darkstalkers, with an impressivley tight control scheme that is quite easy to get into, and a cast of chracters that all act and play vastly differently. Skullgirls is a 6-button fighter on a 2-dimensional plane. IN my honest opinion, Skullgirls is an excelent point to leap into the fighting game community, as its tutorials and single player settings allow even the most unskilled players to dive into what can be a fairly unforgiving and hard to understand community. Before skullgirls, the only fighting game I played was Super Smash Bros, because I kept telling myself ""I don't understand what I'm doing so I can't play this"". Skullgirls opened my eyes to an extremely fun genre of gaming that I was otherwise blind and blocked out of. 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,245170,27681418,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rach,anime tiddies
76561198160133774,Recommended,245170,16282839,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Mr.Quarter,Pros:+Great graphics and animation.+Great story mode+Some funny comedy+Pretty scenic atmosphere+Tight controls+PeacockCons:-Tutorial is pretty bad at responding to controls (at least with keyboard)-Some characters seem a bit too blandOverall 8/10P.S.: A little addicting. And I main Peacock~
76561198129708005,Recommended,245170,27842715,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Culprate,Valentine best waifu.
,Recommended,245170,27771633,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MorsAtra,"Amazing art and character personalities, The history is not that long, but is entertaining, in the multiplayer you will get ****ed up so hard, you will never feel your both legs ever again 8/10 (Boobs physics are marvelous)"
76561198060141768,Recommended,245170,27776094,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nosfaerin,"An amazing fighting game. Every character has a unique style, even the clones! I never knew I wanted to play as a corrupted Looney Toons character in a fighting game10/10"
76561198121101534,Recommended,245170,27764442,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Emiliosaurio,"10/10 Best physics ever.Oh yeah, it's a great fighting game."
,Recommended,245170,27921676,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr. Weebleton,"I never really liked 2D Fighter games, but this one had me curious. The controls are as balanced for keyboard as there are for a controller or an arcade stick. The characters are unique with a very beautiful design. The music is perfect for this game too."
76561198064884157,Recommended,245170,27917908,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Viceak,"Skullgirls is a beautifully crafted 2D fighting game with lots of love put into its characters. The art is gorgeous, the fighting system is easy to pick up, and it's a great starting point for anybody looking to try out a fighting game. I didn't enjoy these sorts of games very much myslef, but Skullgirls allowed me to find an appreciation for its certain style.My only minor complaint would be that the roster of characters is small, but I assure you that the charm this game carries more than makes up for it. I wouldn't have played it so much if it didn't."
,Recommended,245170,27518609,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,IceKnight541,Possibly one of the most smoothest fighting games ive ever played. Recomend to players new and experienced to the fighting genre.
76561198126238335,Recommended,245170,28565753,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wifi_bot,"Its fun, Squigly animations, Double personalities, and beautiful as a Peacock.Hope you got the joke..."
,Recommended,245170,28546805,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Deus Vult,"This game is actually really fun to play, but i hate how few characters it has.Also, dlc.But i still recommend it."
,Recommended,245170,28526879,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Gear_Lock | JhoJho,Pretty much what you'd expect from a flawlessly animated 2D fighter. Even a year later and this game is still one of my favorites to figure out 20+ combo chains. Hopefully we see a sequel(?) after Indivisibles...but that's unlikely
,Recommended,245170,28007032,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Selia,"I usually suck at fighting games, but Skullgirls does a really good job of teaching you how fighting games work. It took me a while to get some of the combos in the tutorials right, but it was good practice. The training room has a LOT of customization options for when you want to learn a character or see what moves can combo into eachother, so with a bit of practice even people who are unfamiliar with fighting games can learn how to play. I will say that the character tutorials don't come with combos, as they just explain each character's specials and unique features, but as I said before the Training Room can help with that. Bottom line is it's a LOT of fun."
,Recommended,245170,28032428,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,XF | KingChael,Its a cool game
,Recommended,245170,28014514,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Link_IV,"This game is well optimized, has one of the best netcodes for fighting games, amazing art and character designs and a decent story. Awesome game to just play offline, ranked online or just with friends, really recommended to people that like the Marvel vs Capcom series or fun fighting games in general."
,Recommended,245170,28351801,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,LegoMarioz🚬,"Skullgirls, wow what a great game.All I have to say is picture Marvel Vs Capcom 2, make it a indie game have the aesteics of a old cartoon.... Boom!!!The play style is addicting just buy it you will not regret it.the voice acting is ok wish it was a little better, fantastic game!"
,Recommended,245170,28425499,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Blastcalibur,"This game is most likely the greatest fighting game i have ever had the pleasure of playing. Skullgirls offers a classic fighting game experience with innovative and deep combat that will have you hooked on it the first time you play it. The animation is top notch and the character designs are creative and interesting and tell you a lot about the character just by playing the game. Then, the story mode will drag you even deeper into the incredibly detailed lore of Skullgirls with each adventure of the characters you play with some of the best story telling I've seen in a fighting game."
,Recommended,245170,28434467,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Zemtex - #47,I love Fighting games. I have never been heavily into Street Fighter but I played ALOT of Mortal Kombat and Tekken in my day.I like Skullgirls because it brings something new to the fighting genre. Since there is not many fighting games really and especially for PC this one is a hidden GEM.If you like fighting games you need to buy it!
76561198083069042,Recommended,245170,26983865,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dirty-Yet-Clean,A really fun game. I got all the DLC for free (not for writing a positive review but because if you played it when it first came out the DLC was free for a short time as the DLC was realesed.)
,Recommended,245170,16931012,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Yngvildr the Voracious,"This is the funniest game I've ever played. It's been a while since I played vsf games, but I had a lot of fun trying to master all of it's characters. If you're passionate about vsf games, buy this game it's great...But I could used a bit less of that damned grappling machine Beowulf online (Netcode is divine btw, even when fighting a few continents apart)... No offense, bro ! xD"
76561198062339515,Recommended,245170,16931262,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,hitomroow,"Easy to learn, hard to master, with beautiful graphics. You're into 2D fighting games? Look no further."
76561198042092673,Recommended,245170,16931467,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Chuck,I get to play as an Epic hero and slam cute girls with my chair. It doesn't really get any more neat than that. 10/10
76561198046103427,Recommended,245170,16488946,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,⎛⎝Poefred⎛⎝🔫,"One of the very few fighting games that has held my attention for an extended period of time. Amazing hand drawn graphics, interesting stories, very satisfying to play, great music, every character feels unique to each other. The online also works very well, rarely game breaking lag from my experience (Though expect to be wrecked if you don't know what you're doing.) The only thing I'd complain about is how few modes there are, but I don't think it's a big deal because what's there is great and the game is pretty cheap, especially during steam's frequent sales obviously.10/10"
,Recommended,245170,16935180,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dialectable,Once I started playing I couldn't stop! The storyline is extremely interesting. It's worth the money
,Recommended,245170,16936549,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,toNziNN  -トン-,Good game! A lot of extensive combos! Funny animations!
,Recommended,245170,17932546,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ShinStrawHat,"I'm a noob at fighting games and I only have a couple of hours of experience with this one, all of it in the training room and tutorial section. Within those couple of hours I learned that no matter how much of a combo god you are in the training room, it won't mean anything if you don't know the basics and fundamentals to setup those combos. This game is definitely helping me learn those fundamentals. I'd recommend this game if you are a noob like me and really want to get better at fighting games."
76561198086200117,Recommended,245170,17690335,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Leonesshadow,one of the best fighting games i have ever played and wished to get sometime soon
76561198040575228,Recommended,245170,17915150,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,flufy666,"Amazing game, I bought for ps3, ps4,xbox 360,steam, and steam for a friend or 2 love it cant get enough of it very underappreciated for a gem of a game 5/5 would bang bang bang."
76561198089030155,Recommended,245170,17923886,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,kiwiheathen,"I just picked up this game and for now it is entertaining, the fighting combo's are easy to pick up and the battles are fun."
76561198103932916,Recommended,245170,17889328,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Izzie Blues,"Fun fact about Skullgirl, the woman in purple dress with curly purple hair that you can see in the background of the casino, is Zone-tan. She is the avatar of the animator and artist Zone-tan and the mascot of the Zone Archive  witch is one of the biggest porn/hantai site on the internet ! I don't remember exactly how much but she is here because Zone-tan did a huge donation, over 20 000$ when the game was on kickstarter and earned the right to have a character in the background of a level.One last thing, the slogan of zone-tan is : ""Ruining your childhood since 199X""P.S. : appologies if my english is bad this is not my language. ^^"
,Recommended,245170,30849334,Posted: 31 March,all,Eli,the feels when a game u bought 7 months ago become much cheaper
76561198339936136,Recommended,245170,29223397,Posted: 13 January,all,ahmadfarisfebrinaldi,"Skullgirls is a fun, face-paced fighting games. The gameplay and the control was complex, but at the same time it was simple. I already get used to combos. It's fun!! the story and the characters are great!! My favorite was Filia and Valentine~"
76561198104197549,Recommended,245170,29236811,Posted: 13 January,all,Profesuhslab,"To be honest Skullgirls has been my favorite fighting game to date, and even now is still my favorite fighting game. I don't know wether it is the unique art style and animations that were painstakingly put into the game, or the variety of characters and the ability to play them in their unique styles. But I ablsolutely love this game and will continue to play it."
,Recommended,245170,28668988,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lams,<3 this
,Recommended,245170,28570170,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,xerocuil,A love letter to MvC2 with chicks.
76561198164886844,Recommended,245170,28618919,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Angry Otter,yes this game is 10/10
,Recommended,245170,28282432,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Privacy_Police,What i love about this game is how fast paced and action packed it is! along with that the art and colors really make the game pop! If your looking for a challenge and a good laugh this game is a must buy.
76561198115043953,Recommended,245170,28574521,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Knife Dad's Gay Daughter,Really good game. Pity you need a controller to be good at it.Also a pity that my bird ate my controller wire.
,Recommended,245170,28612836,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Goont,"Before Skullgirls, I never was one for fighting games, particularly the more advanced ones. But now I'm ready to try out some those thanks to this game's welcoming gameplay. It's simple, arcade-like, and fast-paced.So why made me fall in love with the game in the first place? The story. Start from Squigly (A DLC Character I highly reccommend buying with the game, as she is seen as a 'mascot' of the game and has a truly fantatsic story-mode) and work your way through every character, because the story in this game is phenomenal! It's dark, yet still humorous when it needs to be. It's filled with tons of unique characters, even a ton that aren't part of the character roster. Each stage is filled with so many fantastic character designs, that for the most part appear at some point in a campaign and are fleshed out as unique individuals. It's thrilling and got fantatsic art, and so good it makes you want to get better at the fighting mechanics of the game, just to see the ending of each character's story. By the time I finally completed every Story-mode for each character I knew the game's basics and went up against friends online and had a blast!Overall, Skullgirls is a game I will always remember for reeling me into a genre I would have never looked into before. It's different, unique, bizzare, and full of charm you only get so often with games nowdays. It's a must-by, espically when on sale, and can be loved be anyone, even the most casual players."
,Recommended,245170,28610002,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TANKbutt,you better have some knowledge about fighting games but this is like a cod player being pushed into dota 2 with just a stick with some buttons on it.
76561198035029880,Recommended,245170,28749160,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LaiT_FoX,"Skullgirls is one of the best fighting games on PC: from beautiful animation to clever tutorials explaining all of the fundamental game mechanics, this game will both entice you with its' cuteness and its' deepness. The only reason to not choose SG as your first fighting game ever is the fact that it's meant to be played after experiencing a range of other representatives of the genre.Just don't go online unprepared, or you'll get bodied super hard."
,Recommended,245170,28836099,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bzaaaap,I came here by curiosity............... I love this game The controls are a bit uncomforable but you can change them and if you have a control is like the best thing you can do
,Recommended,245170,28782269,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,HerobrineofNotch,"It is 2:15 in the morning (Pitch black outside) while I'm writing this. I've had this game for 2 days and have already put close to 6 hours into it... It's kinda like Riff Racer and Luftrausers... Really addicting.Characters: (10/10)-Who wouldn't like characters that actually look like people put some thought into them. I'd point out a few fighting games I know of that I hate because of BLAND characters. This game does well with characters.-The color system is nice.-Also anime girls are a plus.-Big band is pretty SAXXY. (Insert the trumpet ASDF clip here ""You'll never take me alive"" or ""Epic sax guy"")Mechanics: (7/10)-A royal pain to learn the menu... otherwise it's fine. Not as bad as From the Depth's control setup... so many keys!-Much more intense and many more moves than games like Brawlhalla.-The many difficulty levels are pretty nice. Casual ones are the lower ones and the higher ones are hardcore ones. When I play with Filia, I can beat anybody except Peacock and Cerebella on the difficulty under Nightmare... forgot what it's called though.-Combo moves are annoying for me to get... personal dislike to button smashing... I like to plan stuff... and abuse the tripping attacks.-The attacks are all varied per character.Sound: (9/10)-Peacock's voice is ANNOYING.... Did I make it clear enough that I find it incredibly annoying to listen to?-I personally perfer rock music, but the Game soundtrack is nice.-""Soviet announcer is best announcer. 10/10""- IGN-Also drunk announcer is cool.-Voice acting. Some of the better voice acting in the games I've played. Also, a lot of the voice actors are in Neptunia games. (Parasoul - Noire, Valentine - Arfoire and Magic, Filia - Nepgear, Cerebella - Compa.)- I really enjoy some of the characters' alter voices. Salty Parasoul and Anime Peacock for example. Desu-Desu-Desu. Oh god... I'm starting to sound like what the soviet announcer calls an american cartoon. (Peacock)-You can tell soundtrack and voice acting can make or break a game for me.Community: (?/10)-No flipping clue... Haven't played long enough to know.-There's some pretty nice fanart though. (Insert suggestive wink face here.)I'm gonna end up falling asleep soon so I'm gonna end it on, If you like cute girls (2 guys: Beowolf and Big Band too), a decent story, jazzy music, pretty well done mechanics, and soviet announcers, this is a game for you. Also, Nazis! I think... I honestly have no clue... Seriously, what are the people who work with Parasoul in her story... They look like nazis.I'll shush now. Bye!"
,Recommended,245170,28783409,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Otaku Attacku,"This game plays so smooth even with a keyboard, the stylistic choices of using frame by frame animation is very well executed. Fun and replayable. Awesome cast of characters with unique playstyles and move sets, enhanced even more by the animation. Color me impressed"
,Recommended,245170,28795856,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,arxiesy,Great game with a lot of style.
,Recommended,245170,29019897,Posted: 4 January,all,AfroTreeBear,@-@
,Recommended,245170,29049807,Posted: 5 January,all,suque,"10/10, would big band again"
,Recommended,245170,28974479,Posted: 3 January,all,Scrubshark,"I love this game and the dev behind it. This game is marvelous and well made, the character design is marvelous. The only thing i kind of regret a bit, maybe perverted i found it quite a nice subtle detail was that with certain moves on certain chartacters you could see hints of the panty or so.It sounds perverse but since most games use sex to sell yet censor♥♥♥♥♥♥i found this a nice subtle touch until ♥♥♥♥♥♥s started complaining.. You ♥♥♥♥ have Beowulf now so stuff it.Other than that, fantastic fighting game. Shame community feels like elitarian trash and ruin it with 20 sec combo's that kill you the moment it hits."
76561198199288298,Recommended,245170,29045661,Posted: 5 January,all,Urethra Blister,"Got the game awhile ago and i have been loving it. Howver, I have been experiencing problems with both the controls and the training. :/ Other than that, it's great."
,Recommended,245170,29026916,Posted: 4 January,all,Plague Squid,"After getting past how horrible the controls first are with your keyboard (which can be easily fixed to your consent of using them), And how pretty difficult the CPU/AI no matter what difficulty you pick for story mode it's very addicting to play with amazing characters. It just needs a lot of practice as soon as you start.. I was pretty surprised when I won my first round after a lot of tries in sleepwalk lmao"
,Recommended,245170,29032720,Posted: 5 January,all,MAGGIE,"If you like fighting games get this but if you're bad like me, it's fun to watch your waifus get absolutely slaughtered by 30 hit combos that require an instruction manual to execute."
,Recommended,245170,28728013,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,crazywolfy,this is really good ^^
,Recommended,245170,28982326,Posted: 3 January,all,Shubbie,Fun game if u play Singleplayer when ur new. Versus real people is always unbalanced.
,Recommended,245170,28965947,Posted: 2 January,all,سبيم الرقيق,Creating Myspace was easier then this game.
,Recommended,245170,28994557,Posted: 3 January,all,Doppelgangster,"Fighting style in this game reminds me of Marvel Vs. Capcom; you have your basic punches and kicks, ground combos / air combos which can be chained to make almost unlimited, and super killer moves or ""blockbusters"". Each character are unique and has their own story to play through and fight main boss to unlock cinematics, artworks, etc."
76561198090873353,Recommended,245170,16148629,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Gammy,Its very aight. I like boobs
,Recommended,245170,17418724,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Moody,"I can't beat the boss, I suck♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game"
76561198047727785,Recommended,245170,33334778,Posted: 6 July,all,Karasu,"Learning curve isn't just steep, it's sheer. But it's really good after you sink like 10+ hours into it."
,Recommended,245170,33328672,Posted: 6 July,all,Yun Iijima,played too long
,Recommended,245170,33393204,Posted: 8 July,all,Ignatius | xygaming.com,Graphics 8/10Gameplay 9/10AI 5/10Controls 6/10NetCode 4/10Multiplayer 7/10
76561198103322626,Recommended,245170,33433660,Posted: 10 July,all,Confused Apple,Absolutley Fantastic. A must buy for all fighting game players.
,Recommended,245170,33411761,Posted: 9 July,all,Niblitz,Easy to learn for newcomers in the fighting game genre
76561198095887316,Recommended,245170,33431272,Posted: 10 July,all,Valkyrie,One of the greatest fighting games i've played
,Recommended,245170,33423916,Posted: 9 July,all,☆VG☆ Hakmem,Fun cool and everything i was hoping for in a fighting game.*TUBA TUBA* IS THAT A JOJO REFERENCE??my fingers hurt
,Recommended,245170,33459814,Posted: 11 July,all,NelBeat9,"The Gameplay I on point and the animation is Great!the only thing i didn't like was that we don't know that much about each of the Characters.Other then that it brings back a lot of elements from good fighting games like MvsC2, Street Fighter 2, and Improves it.I give it a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,245170,25405600,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Donny...10,BAdedit: meat
76561198060451476,Recommended,245170,33298846,Posted: 5 July,all,Froppy,"Only fighting game I've been ""meh"" at. 2D animation is top notch and I love the characters."
,Recommended,245170,33296751,Posted: 5 July,all,BeastBoy,"Great game. Voice acting is funny and great. Game runs buttery smooth, and the art style is very appealing. Story is interesting enough, but even just random quickmatches are really fun. Keyboard controls are really great too (compared to some other games). I wish Squigly came with the basic version of the game though lol"
76561198075620441,Recommended,245170,33451082,Posted: 11 July,all,Shadorin The Communist Cat,"I suck at fighting games, but when it comes to them Skullgirls is my favorite. The art style definitely is a little sexualized, and for some that may be a little awkward, but after playing with the smooth controls, wonderful character designs, unique and beautiful environments, and the decent story they offer I think that that would be kind of nit picky. It is a solid fighter and one that I want to spend more time on in the future, but the genre is still pretty hard for me to get into so I haven't. 8/10"
,Recommended,245170,33466388,Posted: 11 July,all,drosiros,https://youtu.be/0vMGCfXHbZc
76561198261832304,Recommended,245170,33464872,Posted: 11 July,all,SmashusAran,Love the art style and the tutorials are great for those looking to get into fighting games.
,Recommended,245170,18977578,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,densylt,pretty graphics but how do i play the video game? Please email my webzone if you are good st this game and can tell me how
,Recommended,245170,2027598,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Punymeyer,"This game is pretty amazing.  I can't think of a single gripe that I have with Skullgirls.  The netcode, graphics, music, sounds, characters, theme...it's all so good.  The gameplay is solid, but I personally prefer fighters that are less combo-heavy and more grounded.  That's just a preference and something other people should consider, but even if you don't intend to make this game your main fighter you should still pick it if you're a fan of the genre, even if you just mess around in training mode and single player because it really does have a lot of character.The story mode is charming enough to warrant a play through with each character too.  I think the ""2nd Encore"" DLC includes voice acting for the story as well, so that would probably be worth getting.  I own that DLC but haven't tried it out yet.The studio that made it is brilliant, and certain bigger studios should be taking a look at them for inspiration.  And if you're on the fence because of the price of the game + all the DLC, then know that it goes on sale quite often and even gets included in bundles from time to time."
76561197960986989,Recommended,245170,33525995,Posted: 13 July,all,unknown,Fast-paced. Waifus. Beat 'em up game. With short stories.
,Recommended,245170,32243365,Posted: 7 June,all,SH,NICE GAME
76561198272072942,Recommended,245170,33541665,Posted: 14 July,all,PsiNix,Its an amazing fighting game that needs people to play it! I REALLY think you should buy it if you want it.
76561198053372965,Recommended,245170,32235719,Posted: 7 June,all,Deej,"I have been playing Skullgirls since release. Though my Steam playtime may say otherwise, I have been enjoying this game on console mostly, since I originally purchased it on my PS3. This game is a delight. A throwback and respectful nod to the 2D fighters of old, while managing to contain the ferocity of newer 2D fighter titles.I found out about the game when it was still in development, through a college friend who was doing clean-up animation on it at that time. One thing I will always remember, is the claims Mike Z and the animation team made about how the animation of the sprites would be top notch. They did not lie. This game holds some of the most beatiful HAND DRAWN animations you may see in a fighting game, or any other genre for that matter. I think it is obvious to understand that I believe this game to be artistically flawless.The cast of the game is, for lack of better word, amazing. The concepts for each fighter are well addressed and easily understood. Their designs are amazing and the lore that accompanies each individual is satisfying. Although many people were not happy with the inclusion of the male fighters, I welcomed the addition as a fresh breath to the game. I only wish there were more on the roster.Mechanically, this game hit the mark. Many patches plagued the release of it, but what shortly was given to us was a fighting game that in my opinion would be the most balanced fighter in the market. As I said before, the game is a nod to 2D fighters of old. This means many of the commands will be easy to figure out and complete. Thus, many critiziced the mechanics as ""already done"". I was quite happy with seeing mechanics as good as MvC2 tossed into a salad with the likes of mechanics like the ones in Guilty Gear X. Because the mechanics were so familiar, the game became one of the most user friendly fighters I have played. The tutorial is also very good. Only thing I kinda wish for was a bigger roster and a moveset list. But nothing that really hurts so far. Trust me. Playing the game before all the DLC characters were introduced was a deal of love for it.The lore in the game is amazing. Each character has an amazing story and frankly I want more. The writing was pretty darn good. The voice acting was on point and no character sounded like the last, for which I was very happy.Overall, the game is a must for any fighting game afficionado. No other fighting game currently has been as polished as this one. I bought it on the PSN and bought it on Steam. And if it meant ensuring this team of amazing developers got the recognition they need, I'd purchase it again.TL;DRGraphics: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Replayability (Solo): 7/10Replayability (Multiplayer): 10/10Story: 10/10Most RecommendedP.S. Can't wait for LabZero to give us Indivisible."
76561198043607807,Recommended,245170,8079428,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ุุุุุุุุ,Skullgirls is one of the best fighting games i've played and im love fighting games :) This game pretty much has everything you need + boobs ;)
76561198215035173,Recommended,245170,32282468,Posted: 8 June,all,joseywhales123,"This game is pretty fun to play, especially if you're a fan of fighting games. It feels like a cool mixture of a few different fighting game types and it all comes together really well. The game is a little lacking on content, and it doesn't really help that you have to buy dlc to get the new characters and the other game modes but all in all its definitely worth a play."
76561198197361634,Recommended,245170,32314172,Posted: 10 June,all,hypergod destroyer [misty],one of the best pc platform fighting games
,Recommended,245170,32411881,Posted: 14 June,all,Coneheadfucker95,One of my favorite fighting games.
,Recommended,245170,32416614,Posted: 14 June,all,OCTOBORO,"It's just a lot of fun, I guess. The roster's interesting and unique (minus Filia clone) and I do get a lot of enjoyment out of it.I'm bad at reviews."
76561198108182305,Recommended,245170,32197141,Posted: 5 June,all,Limeativity,Novelty
,Recommended,245170,31904394,Posted: 22 May,all,Sedonna,"Beautifully animated, quick, exciting action, my favorite fighting game ever!"
,Recommended,245170,31929813,Posted: 23 May,all,Winston,yesh
76561198277795929,Recommended,245170,32012795,Posted: 27 May,all,Hyper Active,its fun
76561198066808159,Recommended,245170,18030220,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,canadian couch,"i suck♥♥♥♥♥at fighting games and this one is no exception, but i still really apreciate and love fighting games, again this game is no exception to that rule.It has badass character models, badass music, and badass stages.Mechanically it is also an amazing fighting game and id love to find people online that were around my level and they didn't just thrash me.Still love it tho."
76561198137987107,Recommended,245170,32144998,Posted: 2 June,all,MoopNoop,Hell yeah
,Recommended,245170,32211784,Posted: 5 June,all,Kawaii Anime Grill #TrapsAintGay,"My actual playtime is much higher, as the game comes with a free beta and I have well over 80 hours on that.Skullgirls is a stylish, mechanically deep and complex fighting game. Don't let the art style or the attractive leading ladies for you, this is a game that has a very high skill ceiling and plays a lot like Marvel versus Capcom and Street Fighter. The main draw of this game is admittedly it's beautiful art style, it looks like it came straight out of the 60s cartoon and a lot of the characters sign and that is great,  they took full advantage of this cartoon is art style and design of the characters and each character is very unique not only in the design but their move set, miss fortune   will use her head as a drill, Valentine will beat in you to death with a lollipop-it's all very surreal and adds to the fun of the game. Even with the over-the-top and bombastic art style however, this game is not one that is completely values style over substance it isn't as deep as some other fighting games on the market it does have a few issues where combos can go on and be unbelievably Easley reset, however many of those issues have been fixed since I've stopped playing as the game is still pants for balance every few months. Furthermore, I strongly recommend this game to anyone who is new to the fighting games genre as the controls are unbelievably tight and simple enough for someone who is new to the genre to grasp and is complex enough for veterans to have something to sink their teeth into. Overall this is a game definitely worth buying food for us, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,245170,25389737,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Mythical Entity,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197992262843,Recommended,245170,32484124,Posted: 16 June,all,Nein,awesome!
76561198374075957,Recommended,245170,32700537,Posted: 23 June,all,Darth Bullerproof Team Killer,i think this game is good but you need to get dlc for the character
,Recommended,245170,32741942,Posted: 24 June,all,Taethen,"I've had the game for less than a day, and i already love it. Except Beowulf/BB teams. ♥♥♥♥ those guys. but otherwise 10/10"
76561198234391492,Recommended,245170,32755594,Posted: 24 June,all,LaifuWaifu,Absolutely great fighting game.
,Recommended,245170,32839450,Posted: 26 June,all,HHGamers,"Epic characters, amazing moves, and a great story. Would definatly recommend to any new comers and veterans a like."
,Recommended,245170,32877404,Posted: 27 June,all,Akaboogalo Boss,Very fun! Easy to learn too. Reccommended for anyone that wants to get into fighting games but wants to learn the basics.
,Recommended,245170,32902981,Posted: 27 June,all,Emoo,Its a good game and is good.
,Recommended,245170,32906221,Posted: 27 June,all,BulldozerDanko,"If you are a fan of fighting games with a similar style and pace then Marvel vs Capcom, well a small version of that, this is your game. I personally love it"
,Recommended,245170,32513914,Posted: 17 June,all,Sorual,This is the fighting game that I just always come back to. :)
,Recommended,245170,32518266,Posted: 17 June,all,SirMannon,"Great game with great animation, great story, and great art all jam-packed with crazy challenges and fun boss battles...simple as that"
,Recommended,245170,32346017,Posted: 11 June,all,King Of Anything,"Nice game, nice soundtrack and nice♥♥♥♥♥♥ All the nice things in a single game."
,Recommended,245170,23844724,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GreenPowerStar,"Skullgirls is a fighting game that I feel can be enjoyed by pretty much everyone without having to simplify things at all. It's easy to learn, but difficult to master. I'm not a major fighting game expert, in fact I usually suck at most of them, but I had an easier time learning each character's movesets and getting comfortable with them compared to many other games in the same genre. Yet, I've also seen many skilled players, especially online, that now their characters inside and out and play very well competitively with pretty much any character available. The presentation of the game is also impressive; the jazz music is always a great time and each hand drawn frame of animation and beautiful piece of background scenery help compliment the fluid gameplay. And there's quite a lot of things in single-player as well such as story and arcade modes, just in case you'd like a different kind of challenge or would like to learn more about your favorite characters and the world they inhabit."
,Recommended,245170,32626666,Posted: 21 June,all,レモン,"I used to own this game while it was it was in its beginning stages on my playstation 3, It got even better."
76561198369360975,Recommended,245170,32631285,Posted: 21 June,all,AdmiralBobbery153,this game is absolutley amazing
,Recommended,245170,12968947,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,maki1300,Buy if you like a tight Fighting game w/ less  than 16 playable characters
,Recommended,245170,17759122,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Rosemon,"One of the best fighting games, the soundtrack is amazing and every character in the game is awesome."
,Recommended,245170,32924030,Posted: 28 June,all,kabattta,Great game.
,Recommended,245170,32922474,Posted: 28 June,all,The Cold Hoovy,I love tha artstyle of this game :D
,Recommended,245170,27002609,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,>Artik<,The Contiello tradition lives on
,Recommended,245170,32960407,Posted: 28 June,all,Retry,"Came for the girls, stayed for the game"
,Recommended,245170,32967775,Posted: 28 June,all,Spo0k,Best fighting game I've ever played
,Recommended,245170,14080384,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Captain Toast,"It's a great fighting game.+Fast-paced action.+Fair fighting that's dependant on skill.+No real cheesy moves(from my experience).+Great music.+Fantastic art and animation work.+Good humor.+-Story is interesting in its own way, but not quite the best.+-""Appeal"" of characters.Overall: A great fighting game, probably one of the best I've seen."
,Recommended,245170,25695898,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Gabbi Elle,"this game has fantastic animations, and it's characters are extremely interesting. overall i found it rather challenging to play with a keyboard, but it's easier if you have a controller, so i don't think the game is as difficult as some people say. even if you do suck at it regardless you'll still have a good time!"
,Recommended,245170,16898893,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,theipodtouch218,Great Fighting game to play with your friends
,Recommended,245170,33505451,Posted: 13 July,all,Eltanin,"Despite my initial disinterest in the game even after knowing its already glowing critical reception, it wasn't until I came across a playlist of Skullgirls' soundtrack wherein my interest switched from ""meh, I could do without this"" to ""I need to give these guys my money"".So while I splurged and bought everything the title had available because I fell in love with its soundtrack, it was everything else it had to offer that has kept me playing and most likely will keep me playing. It's a great game that's clearly a product of passion from its creators and from the looks of it, the fans too~"
76561198106159078,Recommended,245170,33211014,Posted: 3 July,all,big bopper,"a very well made and technical fighter, if you want to get into fighters or already play them frequently, I highly recommend it"
,Recommended,245170,33217953,Posted: 3 July,all,tentablek,"Truly an amazing game with an amazing fanbase.  If you want to get into fighting, this is the game you're looking for.  It is very beginner friendly and easy to learn.  Plus, there is some hot dudes and girls."
,Recommended,245170,33219953,Posted: 4 July,all,Wizzper,Do you like cute girl?Do you like combo (or smash multiple button at the same time)?Do you like to get dunk on by noob online?Do you like 2D jiggle physics?Welp then this game is for you my friend11/10 Fillia is the best girl
,Recommended,245170,33013408,Posted: 29 June,all,remitentacle,This Game is SOOOOOOO badass and a really cool fighting game
,Recommended,245170,33360869,Posted: 7 July,all,Yuu,Makes my friends angry at times.. Because of me. That's all I need to play this game.
,Recommended,245170,33246354,Posted: 4 July,all,El Mañana,"Fantastic 2D fighter with gorgeous 3D backgrounds, charismatic characters and a quick to finish story mode for each character, a must buy"
76561198107361011,Recommended,245170,33542199,Posted: 14 July,all,lknight64,"Pretty good game great visuals,great music, awsome characters"
76561198011290542,Recommended,245170,33552363,Posted: 14 July,all,HoboPony,"Super fun fighting game. A little difficult for newcomers to learn at first, but you get more comfortable after a training mode session. Story modes are super fun to play through and it gets very competitive with friends lol"
76561198043972291,Recommended,245170,33664248,Posted: 19 July,all,BenTension,this man has some weird fetishes but i like bludgeoning people with an umbrella so here we are
,Recommended,245170,22217466,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,fVroot.Smoothie,"if you want to start playing fighting games, this is a great introduction to the genre.literally has the best training/tutorials i've seen to help you gitgud.art is amazing as well."
,Recommended,245170,33642510,Posted: 18 July,all,Red's boyfriend,"skullgirls is super fun, extremely balanced, with super awesome and very likeable characters and a super interesting story as well! not only is it that but also the hitboxes make sense and everything looks and feels very smooth and reactive! 100/10 game please support lab zero more!!!!!"
76561198008152228,Recommended,245170,33789957,Posted: 25 July,all,Wimp Lo,One more once!
,Recommended,245170,33711731,Posted: 21 July,all,Tylii,Good stuff
,Recommended,245170,33720785,Posted: 22 July,all,Toast8142,Good
,Recommended,245170,33756803,Posted: 23 July,all,theMegaswan,cute girls n good games!
,Recommended,245170,32787850,Posted: 25 June,all,Silvy,it gudhard to do stuff on a filthy keyboardbut once you get a fight stick or controller its easy af9/10
,Recommended,245170,33777192,Posted: 24 July,all,Medium Mike,Hey I think I've seen this video before
,Recommended,245170,33800304,Posted: 25 July,all,CarlosOro,Awesome figthing game for casuals and competitive players.
,Recommended,245170,33838121,Posted: 27 July,all,A Resevoir Dog,"Love this game, love the soundtrack, love the art. Character design is amazing. My only problem about the game is the special moves are hard to actually pull off. My second problem isn't about the game, I can't locate a place to purchase the soundtrack. 10/10 The special attacks don't really matter... unless you fight beowulf, because that man is hard as nails, big band is the other one where specials and stuff would be nice."
76561198031697910,Recommended,245170,12929894,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Paul,"Big Band is a majestic creature, no one should look down on him.Fukua is the mistress of Repeating Tactics. The Repeating Tactic, is totallya legitamite tactic, not spamming at all.This game is fun."
,Recommended,245170,33931216,Posted: 31 July,all,VictorTheErector,This is a great game the style the art the charcters are great the story mode was fun i liked filia story you sholud get this game its' great
,Recommended,245170,13919480,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,McDuders,"EDIT: After playing over 200 hours of this game on record, I've decided to redo my review of this game to make it easier to read.Here's what you need to know:Prices:-Standard game: $10. Characters and color swaps: $2 ea (5 to choose from. Buying the $2 color swaps is every color for life). 2nd Encore (all dlc, rebalanced game AND MORE): $15. Full game for life (2nd Encore and the standard game): $25. Does not include regional equivelant or sales.The positives:+6 button fighter, 2D, 8 directions, most similar to Marvel vs. Capcom.+Fairly cheap for what you get in a fighting game, even without sales.+EXCELLENT tutorial for beginners!+ANY controller will work, and easy input configuration!+Keyboard is not only possible, BUT ENCOURAGED!+HUGE SELECTION OF SEXY WAIFUS FOR THE PICKING (mine is Big Band)+14 characters, each with completely different traits and playstyles! (9 included without DLC characters)+Play a selection of 1, 2, or 3 characters in tag-team or solo matches! CUSTOM ASSISTS!+The smoothest online around, utilizing GGPO!+Fantastic anime-inspired art in a unique ""dark-deco"" film style!+Amazing music!+MODS ARE AVAILABLE!+Awesome community! (come see us at Discord sometime!)+Russian and drunk English announcer! English and Japanese voices for every character! Joke voices for select characters! DRUNK JAPENESE ANNOUNCER!!!The negatives:-*gasp* NOT ALL THE CHARACTERS ARE FEMALES! Big Band and Beowulf are the only playable males by popular demand.-Hard-to-navigate menu at first (default controls for keyboard: wasd, j confirm and k cancel)-Story mode is nothing that special (general ""what-if"" scenarios for each character). DLC stories are pretty good though!-Combos are essential to learning the end-game, making the learning curve VERY STEEP for beginners.-Online quick matches and lobbies are TOUGH. Expect for tears to flow and salt to shimmer.-No longer updated by Lab Zero (they have moved on to Indivisible and other games)Expert review coming soon, but expect the game to be a balanced Marvel vs. Capcom 2 with much more to offer in terms of mechanics."
,Recommended,245170,33845399,Posted: 27 July,all,HighAF,"I really love this game, it's got really smooth gameplay, great artwork and its the first fighting game that I actually like!"
76561198098490288,Recommended,245170,17636764,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Ethical Coma,Once you go skullgirls you don't go back this game is so fun and adictive and I recomend this to anyone who likes this kind of genre of boobs and fighting
76561198202632283,Recommended,245170,33917294,Posted: 30 July,all,P1ka the Melee Lord,"As a professional Melee player, I've always been a fan of fast-paced fighting games, so when I saw this game in EVO, I was immediately drawn to it. When I first started playing the game, I had high hopes, and Skullgirls passed every expectancy easily. This game is a great fighter that can appeal to beginners and advanced players alike as there is an in-game tutorial with many different tips. One of my favorite things of the game is how it focuses on long combos. As a Marth main in Melee, I am used to chaining big combos and making sure the opponent doesn't have a chance to retaliate, and this game has characters who can do just that, like Parasoul who has multiple attacks that can keep the opponent airborne. Another highlight of this game is its hitboxes. This game has very precise hitboxes for each character, barely going over the sprites of the characters, unlike games like Smash 4 which has bigger hitboxes than normal. Overall, this game is a great fighter and a must-buy for Melee fans."
,Recommended,245170,34027477,Posted: 4 August,all,BakaRangerRed,I'm addicted
,Recommended,245170,28584466,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,JBenvenuto,"Good game overall,  with lovely graphics and gameplay (even tho it can and will be toxic if you get perma combo'd and don't seem to learn from your mistakes).I'd recomend to have a bunch of friends to play it with because pvp is hard af."
,Recommended,245170,34044836,Posted: 5 August,all,elMagnum,"Excellent mechanics and gorgeous graphics. Even though it is considered an ""indie"" game, it competes with all the other professional fighting games out there."
,Recommended,245170,34396883,Posted: 21 August,all,meeno,"Skullgills ah that game.Ok, so skullgirls is basically your standard 2-D fighting game but its hand drawn and its a great starter for those who are about to enter the world of 2-D fighters such as Street Fighter, Guilty Gear, and other classics out there. I have to say this is first time playing a 2-D type fighting game since well i play Super Smash Brothers alot (Basically a nintendo all star fighting game for those who dont know). So what makes the game great here is why.The Controller:So when playing games like this you know its recomended to use a controller, gamepad, or your classic arcade joystick. We all know how it goes, minus keyboards. Ok not really a minus on keyboards but why you ask my dear boi, well its because you can make an entire turn when preforming a move thus you can you have that bit of delay and the fact that performing combos is tough but its still good since you can customize it on your terms of play style some goes for the other making it flexible for players to either adapt or perfer there way of playing the game.The Direction:I know the first thing you think of is either ""animu"" or ""oppai"" or what ever sexual or perv thinking you got going in you head. I know im guessing what is the first thing that comes to your head but lets give them a clap. If you start playing the game and go in to the story mode or just quick arcade mode you will love there personality off the bat so as there design and setting dont forget that. Its what gives there uniqueness from voice acting (actors or actress who voiced from well know animes or game) to the design is just perfect, you got a character who got rip straight out of a  1930's Walt Disney cartoon which i love, a nurse that acts like a ninja, and let us not forget (for DLC) A robotic (or an android/cyborg) Brass Jazz man who can say no to that folks. The music is good fits well with the anime type dark decco gets you right in the feel. Options or settings are fine not much to talk about. I also like that it gives you a tutorial on the mechanics of the game and how 2-D fighters are played which really surpizes me and alot helps me understand the game even more.Then we have the bad onesThe Story:The story sucks when you try putting it together and there is this gap giving you evidence about the world of skullgirls. What even suck is that you have alot of great minor characters that can be expressed even more instead of making them into a flat character. It has that twisted metal type endings which can leave you satisfied or feel strange. I like to mention about the cut endings that the player can chose and some of it seems better.The Recognition:Skullgirls has like a hidden gem type feel. Like its not that well knowned since we got some main stream games out there especialy in the fighting genres. Yeah i mean like there was a fundraiser but like once it stop thats when you know the hype is gone. Also the fact that theres not much other players using the online multiplayer so its hard to come by a guy/girl playing this game.Overall:I give it a 3.5/5, its a good game worth playing and its fun to play with friends and also like the character there. Its really a worth to buy it and its good for starters who are new to the 2-D fighing aspects but in play style use a joystick or a controller. Its good but i dislike the storytelling and the characters (not the fighters).Please note that these are my thoughts about the game and if you hated it or disagree with feel free to comment about out because i like to hear your thoughts about it as well. I respect others thoughts because its there point of view of seeing this review and game. Thank you for having the time to read this and learning a reviews thoughts about the game, have fun."
76561198068726550,Recommended,245170,34434533,Posted: 23 August,all,geki91,"A love letter to 2D fighters of yore while still standing on its own with great art, tight controls, fun gameplay and developers who deeply understand and love the genre. The characters are original and cool, and the game offers TONS of on- and offline content compared to most triple-A releases. If I had to nitpick, some of the voice acting sounds odd since it is clearly inspired by Japanese titles but is all English. That said, every 2D fighting game fan owes it to themselves to give this game a spin."
,Recommended,245170,34365726,Posted: 19 August,all,Sparkirby90,"As someone with little fighting game experience, the tutorials helped me from being a total scrub, to be able to pull off special moves and combos confidently."
76561198077473004,Recommended,245170,17902681,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nama,"I first played Skull Girls at an anime convention and enjoyed it very much. I later found it on sale on steam and decided to grab it. I began playing and loved it as much as I remembered. I'm not a guy who has played many fighting games before, nor am I one to say I am an expert, but Skull Girls has opened a new genre of game for me to play. I highly recomend this to anyone, new or old to fighting games."
76561198258072835,Recommended,245170,34378624,Posted: 20 August,all,FreezyCastform99 | gamekit.com,"Soooooooooo..... where do I even start? I bought Skullgirls because I saw it in a few Videos from YouTubers like Joshscorcher and thought it looked interesting. I first played this game with a keyboard because I didn´t have a gamepad, and although it was playable, it wasn´t all too much fun. Then, a year or two later, I got one and replayed it after I got the 2nd Encore Upgrade. I think I can now safely say that Skullgirls is, without a doubt, the best fighting game I played to this day. Controlls are responsive, gameplay is fluent and balanced out nicely, Characters, while limited, are all unique enough in their playstiles and mechanics to make up for the limited roster. Online is where this game shines the best when compared to other fighting games. I played Street Fighter 4 and 5, Smash Bros Brawl and WiiU/3DS, UMvC3, Rivals of Aether and many others, but none comes even close to Skullgirls when it comes to stable netplay. If only more players would be online, it would be just perfect. And most impressive of all, the story is amazing. Weird, right? A fighting Game with a good story isn´t really something you see so often...Pros+Great, responsive controlls+Amazinig Characters with interesting and unique Stories and playstyles+Well composed soundtrack+Amazingly stable Online play+Detailed and Informative Tutorials for both general Gameplay and indivdual characters+A lot of cultural and nerdy refernces hidden in character colors and quotesCons-Limited Roster (although not a con for me, for some it can be one)-Online mode is empty most of the timeAll in all, Skullgirls gives you fluid and fast gameplay with a unique cast of characters and what I think to be the best netplay in any fighting game ever for 10 bucks. If you want the full and best experience, get the 2nd Encore Upgrade. Other than that, I recommend this game to anyone who is a pro, a casual or someone who wants to learn fighting games, and seeing how this is one of the first fighters I´ve ever played seriously, I think that´s not so much of a stretch to say. Gamepads, although optional, are more than recommended for the full experience"
,Recommended,245170,34341733,Posted: 18 August,all,Pikachu,has girls who are cute af10/10 would smash them
76561198084146617,Recommended,245170,33605639,Posted: 17 July,all,Garrison,Great fighting game with satifying combos that promote experimentation. Can be played competitivly as well as casual and still be an enjoyable experience.
76561198275133183,Recommended,245170,34182950,Posted: 11 August,all,DarkhelmFx,"This is by far the best fighter I have ever played. From the characters to the combo system, to even the gosh dang beautiful backgrounds, this game is just fantastic."
76561198143129218,Recommended,245170,34223391,Posted: 13 August,all,Megumeme the Mega Meme Master,"I had a lot of fun with this game, It's a fast paced fighting game with a relatively simple movelist for each character, making it simple for casual players, but with a combo system making it complex enough for pro fighting game players. It's definately worth a play."
,Recommended,245170,34188863,Posted: 12 August,all,DRiMGNON,I loved the game
76561198045186609,Recommended,245170,34164345,Posted: 11 August,all,Vainy_DeLigh,"I bought this game in like 2013 and just let it sit in my steam library. I primarily play Melee and wanted to get into another fighter at the time but never really gave it a chance past the purchase. Tried getting into Street Fighter 4 Ultra at the time but the depths and mechanics of the game didn't really click with me. I guess it was just my fault for never trying MVC but this game gelled with me as soon as i started playing it.A friend and I started playing a month ago and it has grasped me since. The mechanics and depth of the game is ridiculous. The IPS and undizzy prevents loops and makes you be creative with your combos. This game just oozes creativity too, whilst being obviously inspired by many old fighters, most notably MVC2. The assist system is dope, allowing you to input whatever move you want as an assist. The character cast is pretty small but honestly all the characters are sick. It's balanced really well and each character has their own tools that let them work in whatever matchup.I don't really know what else to say, it's 2017 and I just started playing this game, not because theres really a big scene for it, just because it's an amazing game. I hope if anyone sees this review they try it out, it's alot of fun. Oh, I guess I should say if you've never played mvc or anything similiar to this you're going to be getting stomped unless you learn the systems. That might be a turnoff but if you find you like the game the journey to learning each mechanic and your character is worth it."
,Recommended,245170,34267604,Posted: 15 August,all,Bob Saget,"The animation and design of the game are spectacular. The fact that is was made on an indie budget is incredibly impressive. My only criticism is that i can't figure out how to block, which is somewhat important in a fighting game.8/10"
,Recommended,245170,34244367,Posted: 14 August,all,Richard Silver,"As someone who hasn't played a whole lot of 2D fighters, I'd say this is as close to a perfect introduction to them as the genre can get. The tutorial is extremely in-depth, the gameplay is fast and fluid (but it will murder your analog stick/keyboard) and the art & sound design is as clean as a bald man's forehead. Roster's a bit small but the characters are still very much fleshed out; Big Band is my personal favourite if only because he's essentially the lovechild of Inspector Gadget, Bleeding Gums Murphy, and Star Platinum.9/10"
76561198066889288,Recommended,245170,16936483,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Lewosch,The fighting game for 12 year olds who love boobs and dubbed anime. Also the fighting game for people who like fighting games.
76561198276394944,Recommended,245170,34319468,Posted: 17 August,all,RedApple,I love this game 10/10
,Recommended,245170,28459037,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,_Spookskrieg,"If you can get passed all the panties, then it holds good gameplay with a great story."
,Recommended,245170,34284170,Posted: 16 August,all,[MR] SentientAfro,"The best fighting game to come out since Super Smash Bros.: Melee, imho.Accessible controls with a high skill ceiling.A colorful cast of interesting characters.And a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,245170,34441591,Posted: 23 August,all,Spooky Dust,"What can i say, this game's hand drawn animations are amazing the gameplay is great each character has a nice story mode and its got a decent fighting system overall i love this game to death i have all the dlc and own the game on multiple consoles, but if i had one thing to say about it its multiplayer you cant just hop into multiplayer and have fun due to everyone who is playing multiplayer is really good at the game so you'll just get crushed if you're not at least somewhat competent at fighting games you can still play with your friends in lobby play so thats nice and i do enjoy getting a bunch of my friends together and playing matches in a giant lobby. (i've also bought most of my friends the game and they enjoy it just as much as me)"
76561198319075316,Recommended,245170,33882895,Posted: 29 July,all,sablonanime,This game is absolutely amazing I wish more people would play it.
76561197974791207,Recommended,245170,34451386,Posted: 23 August,all,Looonski,Great game with a solid tutorial for new players
,Recommended,245170,34487563,Posted: 25 August,all,Fzone000,I suck at fighters.But this is fun.
76561198097123761,Recommended,245170,11427418,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,HereticPriest,"Superb artwork, morbid/slapstick humor and it has Jazz. There is nothing more you could want in a fighting game."
76561198074333477,Recommended,245170,16231161,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TOKEN,this game is fun and additctingit easy to runyou can play on keyboardnice color refrencessmooth 60fps game play
76561197999306594,Recommended,245170,34442838,Posted: 23 August,all,Havoc User,"Want to convince your non-fighter-game-playing friend that the fighting genre is worth getting into? Then this game is for you! It is very accessible for a fighting game, without sacrificing its depth. The art and animation is gorgeous."
,Recommended,245170,16925360,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,"Go getem, Puppy! ( •̀ω•́ )σ",gud
,Recommended,245170,34645668,Posted: 31 August,all,Outer Heaven,"This game is fantastic and my new favorite fighting game. All the characters are interesting and likable, interesting story, and custom assits make this simply perfection."
76561198150810665,Recommended,245170,16150371,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Hentai-King,Pretty good if you like arcade style fighting and good animation.
76561198063022813,Recommended,245170,18783459,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Ramiel,Spam titan knuckle
,Recommended,245170,29910420,Posted: 13 February,all,laitizin,"Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game with a lot of style, great animations, fun characters, excellent netcode, and an extensive tutorial that covers everything from basic movement and attacks toadvanced combos and a deeper analysis of the game's mechanics.The game also comes with an ""Endless Beta"" version for testing any changes before they're shipped into the main game, and in there you can use all of the DLC characters even if you haven't bought any, which is great for seeing if the character is really worth buying.It's incredibly fun, unique and easy to get into.Even if you're not into fighting games, I would still recommend that you'd give Skullgirls a try."
,Recommended,245170,35277104,Posted: 28 September,all,Dormoxx,"This is the first fighting game that I tried to learn how to play. Once you learn how the combo system works, it allows so much freedom in comboing. The game feels snappy and responsive. Online is great, as long as your connection to the other player is good. I've had matches with 200+ ping with a 0 frame delay and noticed little to no rollbacks. The (offline) community around this game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING; very lovely people. For 10 bucks, I doubt you'll find a fighting game anywhere close to how amazing this one is.Also Painwheel :^)"
76561198024560966,Recommended,245170,35372125,Posted: 1 October,all,Damn Daniel,is good
76561198156921252,Recommended,245170,35359897,Posted: 30 September,all,oффлайновый (Offline),"I'm going to be honest. I got this game as a free demo steam just gave me for 3 days. I only had a keyboard and couldn't play for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Three days ended, yet I felt like I'd enjoy it. About a year passes and I got a ps3 controller and later bought this. The final patch came out a bit ago and even with 6 hours I can say this and mean it.It was a mistake for me not to buy this sooner, and this is my first type of game in this genre."
,Recommended,245170,20378698,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,PolyFox,"My girlfriend button mashes me into a pulp, but I still like this game a lot. It can run at 60 FPS on my laptop which has a PB&J sandwich for a graphics card, which is a huge plus."
76561198297381400,Recommended,245170,35393956,Posted: 1 October,all,frankenclio,love this game... Hoping one day they make Skullgirls 2!!!Totally Recommend ;-)
,Recommended,245170,26535453,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bad Man,"I wasted my life on this game watching sexy girls fighting each other.Especially, the bewbs"
76561198079634810,Recommended,245170,35464311,Posted: 3 October,all,Skeith,"Loved this game, lots of fun, and great place to start getting good at fighting games"
,Recommended,245170,35484232,Posted: 4 October,all,ThatOneWeebFriend,"Honestly, this is my favorite fighting game. I love all the characters. The announcers is the best. All the characters are creative and unique. The art is beautiful and each character is completely different. I'm waiting to build up enough money to buy the DLC. The few times I played with my friends was the most fun I've had in a while."
,Recommended,245170,35440426,Posted: 3 October,all,Septlaxer,A very fun and somewhat challenging fighter (bear in mind I don't play fighters very much) the stylistic artstyle is worth the download at the very least; the variety of characters all makes for a very pleasant experience
,Recommended,245170,35518370,Posted: 6 October,all,i am in ur activity feed,weird r34 simulator
