user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,245150,7998736,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Pestycat,"When I first saw this game I was intrigued with idea of being able to interact with and influence the lives of a family. I was expecting something akin to Heavy Rain (minus the murder mystery), with choices presented very naturally through events and conversations within the game. That's not what I got.The Novelist started off as a quirky game that I believed could offer a few hours of enjoyment. For that first day, I was intrigued with my ability to  sneak around the house, observing this family while trying to learn from each family member what they wanted. However, by the end of the first day I found that my interactions with the family were limited to taking one persons side (or maybe finding a compromise). What this game boiled down to was picking up notes, listening to a few snippets of dialogue and then being offered the dreaded choice of A, B, or C (or red, blue, green if you prefer to see it that way). I didn't feel like I was involved with their lives. If they happened to see me, the only penalty was losing the option to choose a compromise. You don't feel as though you have any real role in their lives, except for making that one choice at the end of each day. This is something that gets repetitive very quickly.Even worse, you don't actually watch the family live their lives, you learn about it through notes. The sole role of the physical characters is to simply be there and provide (optionally) a watered down stealth mechanic. You don't interact with them, you don't learn about them from watching their routine, at most you get not even a sentence from choosing to listen to their thoughts. They may as well not even be there in the game.I have to say, I was thoroughly disappointed with this game (it hardly has the interaction to be called a game) and could not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,245150,20266393,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Faudraline,"""Human beings are born solitary, but everywhere they are in chains - daisy chains - of interactivity. Social actions are makeshift forms, often courageous, sometimes ridiculous, always strange. And in a way, every social action is a negotiation, a compromise between 'his,' 'her' or 'their' wish and yours."" - Andy WarholThe Novelistis a story driven narrative exploration game that strolls around quite loaded terms like choice, goals, drives, relationships, priorities and compromise. The concept that the game revolves around - influencing social dynamics to observe the result of interrelated choices and their consequences - is an interesting and hard to accomplish one. Sadly its presentation within the game both in definition and execution, is definitely flawed.Here, we take a quick glance at the Kaplans - a family of three going through a though time. Dan is an author who's stressed out to complete the novel that he's been working on, Linda has some worries about her marriage and family ties - also struggles on going back to being a painter. Tommy, their only son is having some adaptation and learning difficulties who needs his parents' attention and support full time. At the beginning of one summer, the Kaplans decide to pass their vacation in a rental villa by the seaside to have some quality time and possibly work through their problems, a villa that YOU reside in... In this detached little game, you are a ghostly entity - who's presence within the house will never be explained properly. You have the ability to stalk, observe and influence the Kaplans, thus deciding the story of this specific family in the end.The game has two distinct modes: Stealth or Story. In Stealth Mode, you have to avoid being seen by the Kaplans if you'd like to explore everything. If you are seen, they get nervous and focus on their annoyance rather than their actual problems. You are capable of travelling through possessing light sources within the house while you hide from their perception. This mode quickly gets annoying and breaks the immersion of the storyline that you are trying to reveal quite fast. In Story Mode, you are free to roam as you wish without worrying for them to see you, but even excluding that limitation, everything becomes boring and repetitive. You are stuck within the same house with the same tense mood and you basically memorize the possible locations a note may spawn after the second chapter. They never change or surprise you. It is not possible to miss something. You roam around, read notes, watch some memories, whisper what you decided to Dan while he is sleeping and you are done. Another chapter conquered. You only decide whose need is a priority and see the accumulated conclusions in the end.In each episode - there are 9 in total - you are presented with a couple of conflicting desires of family members. Everyone got different priorities and you must choose one specific desire to influence and accomplish, and maybe another one to half way accomplish through ""compromising"" which leaves you with one desire completely ignored. This is where things get a bit ridiculous. These 9 encounters oddly end up defining the whole being and interdynamics of a whole family! The definition of compromise in the dictionary is ""a settlement of differences by mutual concessions; an agreement reached by adjustment of conflicting or opposing claims, principles, etc., by reciprocal modification of demands"". Here, there is no middle ground between parties, no given opportunity to work on different needs, there is basically no settlement. Even real life doesn't work like this! We surely either act selfish or make sacrifices on things little or grand, but a human being is capable of undertaking more than one deed, feeling or accomplishment in a timely manner.A human being comes with dimensions - which is another huge flaw in this game. The Kaplans are obscenely selfish - without much appreciation for sacrifices or understanding of shortcoming. Their personal desires never seem to even coincide with the desires of others. It is not possible to sympathize with any one of them. Heck, they even do not talk within the same house hold! You are a ghost, stuck within their household for his/her all being and never see them talk more than a couple of automated remarks and some memories. They seem to communicate through written notes scattered around the house. I mean, what kind of family does that?I surely do understand the limitation of the developer team, thus I won't mumble much about the scenes, the environment and chapters being dull, stolid or repetitive; but I cannot accept the term ""compromise"" being misused for ""forced priority and selfish desire"". No remotely eligible father of a small boy would be so consumed with his ongoing artistic pursuit that he'd end up not putting together a toy car that would take 3 hours to assemble for 3 months! This really is ridiculous! So, I personally think this game comes with a possibly good concept executed without much sentimental or even practical depth. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for narrative exploration. I actually love games likeGone Homeifthey are capable of presenting the echo of an emotion, an idea or at least a state of being. In its current state and price,The Novelistsurely doesn't deliver. Wait for a huge sale to satisfy your curiosity if you wish.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,245150,7999604,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"The Novelist is a story driven adventure game that takes place in a summer home. The main character, Dan, takes his family to this place so he can get away from the city and focus on his book. You don't actually play Dan, or any of his family members, you play some sort of ghost, who is trying to influence their lives.First of all let me adress a small issue. This game is what I would consider ""Art"". Therefore, there isn't much in terms of the standard definition of gameplay. There are definitely choices, and different endings, but you really aren't doing much. Your watching the story unfold based on your choices. Especially if you play in story mode.There are 2 different types of modes. Stealth and story. In story mode, the family is unable to detect you, leaving you to be able to discover clues and read their memories with ease. This is what you would want to choose to just focus on the story. Stealth includes a stealth mechanic to the game, you must remain out of site. For the first time, I'd recommend using stealth. It makes it feel more like a game, even though without the mechanic I would still call it a game.Okay, the story. The story is great, and the choices, unlike other games that claim this, actually count. Your choices will reflect in the ending no matter which exact ""ending"" you choose. And I do not believe there is a perfect ending. No matter what, someone will end up disapointed one way or another. That's what I love about this game, because that is life. You can't make everyone happy. And when your in an outsider situation, that makes it even harder. The story isn't complex or epic, and it doesn't have to be. It's a simplistic story about a families life and problems. But it feels real, and I love it.I absolutely love story driven games, and I'm glad I spend 15 bucks on The Novelist. If you enjoy games like The Stanley Parable, Gone Home, and the sort, you will love The Novelist. I surely hope people give this game a chance.Buy At Full Price"
,Not Recommended,245150,12416921,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Kachecito,"I really wanted to like this game. But I just couldn't. The envrironment is as bland as it gets. The house feels lifeless and boring. The choice in this game is simplistc, and the outcomes are predictable. The stealth mechanic is in the way of what the game is supposed to be; but without it, it becomes even more repetitive and dull. The writing is not bad, which seems like a victory for a videogame, but it feels lacking in characterization. There are hints everywhere of interesting directions the game could have taken, but it manages to avoid all of them. The ending result is a bland, dull and completely unremarkable experience."
76561198005401638,Not Recommended,245150,12811852,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Artisinal Buttplug,"Although this game is 'story rich', I dont think the story is very good. Its full of cliches (writer with writer's block, boy wants to play, dad wants to work, mom tries to hold family together, etc) and extremely superficial. You make choices but they dont mean anything when the consequence is just text at the end of the scene. Its just so...predictable. All the kid ever wants to do is play, so, shocker, when you dont play with him he gets depressed. So what? Why am I suppose to care about the kid at all? The game doesnt give you any reason to like any of the characters.And we are suppose to believe that Dan is so busy he cant do anything else with his wife and kids but. . . hes not. He sits around the house all day, goes camping, fishing. In one chapter they show a schedule. It has 8 hours sleep, 1 hour break, 2 hours decompression. Really? Thats 11 hours where hes doing nothing. Real busy people rest half that amount on any given workday.I really hate to hammer an indie game. But it has a steep price tag so people should know what theyre in for. And for what it gives you there are better options out there. Gods Will Be Watching is a brilliant game about choices and consequences, with much better dialogue and characters that felt. . . alive. Or if you like walking simulators with notes all over, I would even recommend Gone Home before this, which has a very cute story, is the same length, and doesnt have you revisiting the same 4 rooms 15 times."
,Recommended,245150,32350810,Posted: 11 June,all,Schniefelus,"Probably the best game to make you stop playing games and prioritise what matters most. Tells you a lot about yourself, too."
,Recommended,245150,9610439,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Xavier: Renegade Angel,"This game is a brilliant change of pace from a lot of other games. I'm not sure if I've ever seen a game that fits into 'real life' (define that however you wish) so well as this one. A lot of the scenarios in here are perfect practice for what people would really want out of life, and I'm learning things about myself playing this. It's really interesting.Certainly may not be for everybody, but nothing worth anything ever is."
,Recommended,245150,31265316,Posted: 20 April,all,Vodkafjæs,"At times funny, at others soul crushing. A really wonderful vignette into the lives of a family over the course of the summer and how decisions have far reaching concequences both personally and professionaly. The game is short - completed in about 50 mins - but has decent replay value to explore the branches and impacts of prioritising certain characters and making compromises. Really enjoyable narrative driven game."
76561198038259067,Recommended,245150,9965771,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,elib206,"I just finished this, and all I can say is it is probably one of the best games I have ever played.  People interested in intricate gameplay might be dissapointed with the simple controls and limited actions, but the story has tons of different outcomes, and i'm already halfway through my second playthrough!  Oh god, the story is amazing.  It is so real and so raw.  The art style is also really beautiful, and the side-story of the ghost that you play as is really cool. I love this game and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,245150,31128194,Posted: 13 April,all,Alice Cooper,"I spent most of my time following the story, waiting for things to fall into place enough for me to be able to piece things together effectively. I though I was a detective to be honest, I actually thought I was Vera (ITV Crime Drama series) because of the out-in-the-woods location.What I love about this indie game is that not only do you have the ability to play the game in storytelling mode or stealth mode, but the fact that the family don't have full facial qualities means that you're left with just their general demeanors to read.I won't spoil the plot, but what I will say is that you're on a temporary vacation and there's a lot riding on it. It's actually a pretty common storyline and many have gone through it before. It can feel slightly deflating however, when you finally 'crack the case' so to speak, not least because of the pond-life nature.It definitely is worth it if you've got a couple of quid just begging to be spent."
76561198025161026,Not Recommended,245150,10911294,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,jgnerre,"I will say that I was initially intrigued by this game because of the gameplay, story and etheral feel exploring the setting.  However, the novelty of The Novelist quickly wears off.  It is, unfortunately, extremely repetitive.  It does not encourage or reward exploration, it forces it.  It forces you to search every square inch of the same 8 or so rooms over and over.  Once you do, there is no catharsis.  Every ending is happy and sad.  I get that they tried to make it like life, but it makes you feel bad and it hammers home the fact that family is good, job is bad.  There is potential here, but not executed well."
76561198020746125,Recommended,245150,23390789,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Cake,"Firstly, this game has the best premise ever. In first-person, you play a meddling ghost who ""fixes"" people's lives by telling them what to do. This is one of my favorite things to do in real life.That aside, whether you'll like this game will be entirely dependent on whether you identify with the story or not. What some people here have called ""mundane"" and ""boring,"" I would call realistic and relatable. The plot is about making various difficult and sometimes heartbreaking choices, and the sacrifices family members make for each other. Personally, I think it's very touching and well-written. I've never played another game quite like this."
,Recommended,245150,17972545,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Gergolot,"You play a ghost or some other kind of supernatural force whom lives in a house by the sea and that likes to 'push' or guide people's choices in life. The game revolves around a certain family living in the house for the summer and trying to sort out their issues in life.Gameplay is simple and consists of moving around the house and hiding in the lights. Only a few controls. You have to collect various evidence and memories in each chapter and learn what each family member desires and try come to the best outcome. Basically you have 3 choices and can only pick 2 at once, and it's about keeping a balance between everyone and keeping everyone happy.It's a nice little story driven game, and isn't very long. Quite fun, only grab on a cheap sale though. 6.5/10."
76561198011810582,Recommended,245150,9772684,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Buffy,"Lovely Story, nice writing, nice voice over. I learned actually something about myself while playing it :D"
,Recommended,245150,26691319,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Starwing6,"I love this game!  That could be because I enjoy story-rich games, and I'm an amateur writer.  While it is relatively short to playthrough the game on the easiest setting, there are multiple endings that are fun to experience (I'm still trying to ruin the novelist's life, after getting him through the challenge happy and successful).The stealth mode is the most fun and immersive way to play the game, though!  You'll feel more connected to the characters when you stand next to them to read their emotions or see their memories.  If the family sees you, they'll freak out because you're a ghost--but you can possess the lights in the house to escape detection.I hope they'll make a sequel about another family, to be honest!  If you're looking for a relaxing, story-rich stealth game, you should pick this one up :)"
,Recommended,245150,33529375,Posted: 13 July,all,N4SWS,"Oh my god, this game made me feel like such a horrible person on so many levels. It made me realize how difficult juggling relationships (espeically a family) can be. There are no right and wrong choices and answers, just decisions that you have to make. There were so many times I just didn't know what to do, I wanted to cry. This game touched my heart in a powerful way, and it will yours too if you let it."
76561197970561757,Recommended,245150,30113996,Posted: 22 February,all,Rafen,"I greatly enjoyed The Novelist as a nuanced choose-your-path story with lightweight stealth gameplay elements.As a parent and someone for whom artistic/creative work/life balance issues are a big part of life, the choices and story resonated with me more than any game in recent memory. Even though it hit home for me in a way that it might not for most, the empathetic writing should allow anyone (parent/creative or not) to identify with the characters and become invested in figuring out which choices will lead to their desired outcome.I liked that there was no obvious ""right"" answer in many cases, as ""right"" shifted around depending on each character's needs and perspective. Despite having to make some tough choices, the gentle music, sound effects, and general pacing of the game helped make the whole thing a relaxing experience, leading to introspective contemplation rather than stressful regrets when a tough choice was presented.As for the idea that you're a ghost who possesses light fixtures in order to move around unseen and influence the life of a family, though a bit of a non-sequitur if you think about it too much, I enjoyed it and found the tone of it somehow complemented the mood and subject matter of the rest of the story. I wouldn't be surprised if opinions varied here though.This is a great short story of a game. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,245150,33822427,Posted: 26 July,all,NeroEM9,"Story of a guy who ruined his life with a wife and later, to make matters worse, with a kid.10/10, would make that spoiled kid cry again.Edit = Rather than the game itself, I will remember this game with its warm credits."
,Not Recommended,245150,26438903,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,tripsupstairs,"I wanted to like this game, but I just didn't feel a personal connection to any of the characters.Being in a long-term relationship, I know the most important thing to do is to communicate. Neither Dan or Lisa seem to understand that. All of the characters in this game felt selfish, which is okay for Tommy since he's a little kid, but not for the parents. Also, Tommy seemed (ironically) the least selfish of all. He just wanted his dad to be a DAD, Do the things that dads do. Nobody here seems responsible. There were no real compromises that I saw.The choices seemed arbitrarily created, and there were times when I saw a really simple compromise. Maybe say ""Tommy can have his friend over next weekend"" or ""maybe the dinner can be part of your routine, Dan."" Maybe see if dan's friend could sleep in tommy's room or on an air mattress while Lisa's parents sleep in the master bedroom and they just deal with the floor or couch for a few days. Hell, Tommy even went to day camp and the parents did NOTHING with that additional time together without Tommy. Plus, camp is where you meet new people and Tommy seemed really good at that. Plus since he was getting bullied, maybe moving schools wasn't such a terrible idea."
76561198046482562,Not Recommended,245150,29567281,Posted: 29 January,all,Yamaneko,Not worth it. Any decision you make will end in catasthropic outcome for the other two members of the family. Even if the decision looks like could help others.No merece la pena. Cada decision que tomas tiene resultados catastroficos para los otros miembros de la familia. Incluso cuando parece que una decision va ayudar a varios siempre acaba mal.
,Not Recommended,245150,29402451,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"While the concept is definitely new and interesting, the story is lackluster, and is further hampered by slow mechanics that offer little interaction with the environment or its characters."
76561198300344535,Recommended,245150,33535431,Posted: 14 July,all,The Man With No Name,"The game is exactly as it's described in its Steam store page.It is however very short, especially when playing without the stealth element : the game nicely offers you to play either being totally invisible, or to require to avoid to be insight of the protagonists.All in all, there are something like 30 minutes of reading & decision making, and about 1 hour of roaming in the house, to look for hints.The house itself is small and simple.So the regular price of $15 is a joke. It should be at maximum $10 and most people won't want to grab it above $5.That aside, it's a very nice game, that ought to make you thoughtful about your life and your decisions. Also, it is really a game, as there are different endings from your choices, some better than others, which was a very pleasant surprise for me.Overall the story and dilemmas are well done, but there's a serious shortcoming : the wife needs feel like the ones of a selfish person. The game author unfortunately failed at building up a better background story to justify her being unable to put her husband career on top of her priority list for only 2 months, the time required to write his book.If you can forgive this, you'll still get several interesting choices, and even some well thought ones from the wife perspective. Unfortunately, another of her choices, which is quite reasonable isn't well explained before you will have failed to fulfill it, so let me outline it to you here :she'll get the chance to have her work shown in an art exposition. This is very important for her as it could give her the confidence she needs to switch back to her artist career. To bring enough visitors to see her paintings, it is necessary to write an ads. She's not good at writing and thus need the help of her husband. In the game, this help is branded as ""filling the form"" ; yes, it's right after reading about ads, but the connection is really not clear.All in all, if you can grab it on a sale and are intrigued by the trailer and the description, go for it, it's a nice experience and a decent game ! :-)"
,Not Recommended,245150,8402227,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Agarwaeneth,"I only bought the game because I expected it to have a good plot.. Most people praised it for the ""difficult decisions "" it has you make and for how much it makes you bond with the characters. Well, maybe it's just me, but exploring 6 rooms for some clues then browsing through some memories *so called memories,actually mostly just finding a character that only has 1 LINE to say * does not make for an interesting and engaging enough gameplay.The decisions you get to make are not as ""life-defining"" as advertised, and most of the characters' reactions to them are a bit over the top. Like, which kid,if you ON ONE DAY don't take him to the beach to play in the sand gets depressed and NEVER snaps out of it? Get real. The idea of the game is not bad, but those who created this could obviously have put more work into it ."
,Recommended,245150,12734202,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Spotter,"Upon reading about the gameplay, I was quickly excited to see what this game had to offer, hoping for variety and a good story. Thankfully I got both! I was also surprised to hear some rather good voice acting that I hadn't expected to find in this game, but it really helped set the immersion.The game ""was"" short, but it was very fulfilling, especially having done it on Stealth-mode. Being short, I feel I can even play it a few more times to see what the results will be like if I make different choices.Some of the choices were easy to make, some were minor, but there were a few VERY tough choices. I beat the game in a few hours, but the choices, story, and affect from the characters made this feel like it went on for days, but in a VERY good way. I'm hoping for a sequel, given that there is room for it, but I don't even feel like there's much need for any change outside of making a new story and maybe a new environment.If I had any negative comments about the game, it would be reading up on the former entries of those in the house. They were great stories too, but I felt like they didn't explain much beyond that the ghost helped people who lived there. I was hoping to find out who the ghost is or learn more about one person at a time. It seemed the stories of the past got rushed by a bit.All-in-all, I highly recommend this game. Very easy-paced, simple, and enjoyable. A nice break from more intense games or a tense day."
,Recommended,245150,12742715,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Juso Magna,This game's narrative complexity in how close to reality it is is what sold it for me. The reality of every choice is very well laid out for you and there are no right answers and no way to make everything great. Some choices you make affect different characters differently and in varying amounts. Definitely worth a look. This is another video game that proves that video games at large are an art form.
,Recommended,245150,13963549,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Mummy,"Moje česká recenze:http://www.playhit.cz/2015/01/novelist-napiste-vlastni-herni-story/I don't know where to start with The Novelist. It's a brand new game modell which I appreciate and I'm very happy it got successfully through its development and is now available in here. First thing that I saw was the price, I'm sorry, but it's way too high. The feeling from playing it is great, don't get me wrong, but I just can't realistically imagine that many people choosing to buy this over some AAA that have similar price.I bought The Novelist on sale and I'm happy I did. By reading the family's thoughts and finding clues in their summer mansion, you can help them solve their relationship problems and choose wether it's worth it to focus on career in stead of your dearest ones. It's like you write their story by yourself, it has many possible outcomes. You can find a compromise, although the person whom you couldn't help will react kinda overly histerically, especially the kid. I was lucky to get a good ending and that left me feeling just wonderful.7,5/10"
,Not Recommended,245150,12652265,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,jessemobile1021,"It is true that there are some tragically underrated indie games that try to takle personal, emotional narratives.  This is not one of those games.The premise is actualy quite good: you are a ghost inhabiting a summer home where you stealthily uncover and influence one family's problems.  I tend to be a big fan of similarly narrative-driven indie games like Gone Home and To The Moon.  Unfortunately, this great idea is executed poorly at almost every opportunity.  The art-style is bland and repetitive, the house is small and inadequately designed, the music is boring and ill-fitting, and the levels do not get more challanging or though-provoking as the game progresses.  By the end of your two hour play-through you will have experienced an interesting but ultimately disappointing game."
,Recommended,245150,24493229,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Melovinci,"The Kaplan family has temporarily moved to new house, led there by the husband and author, Dan Kaplan, who is suffering from writer's block. But it just so happens that the house is haunted by a spirit. But not the ""built on an indian burial ground"" kind of spirit. This is not a Stephen King video game (a.k.a. Alan Wake). Instead, it's more the ""greek muse"" kind of spirit. Which is a nice change actually.In The Novelist, you play this spirit, flitting from light bulb to light bulb, reading minds and searching memories to discover everyone's desires influence the decisions of Dan towards the best possible outcome. This game is about balance. Balancing Dan's writing career with the individual needs of his family while still maintaining strong family bonds. While I only played it through once, I got the strong feeling that there's definitely better choices and compromises to make. You can form a limited idea of what the outcome from Dan's actions will be and how you influence Dan probably depends on what you prioritise. Do you prioritise Dan's book being a best-seller? Or prioritise Dan's wife breaking to the local art scene? Or do you help the son make friends at school?The Novelist is simple, in looks and execution. There are only three characters and you never see yourself (or even if you have a material form). I did feel that there could have been a bit more effort put towards the character models, especially the faces, in order to feel a bit more empathy towards them. But, thanks to some decent voice acting and good writing, I don't feel that the characters are as robotic as they look. It's a simple, short play through, with limited, yet solid re-playability. I'm not sure if it's worth $15 US, but definitely worth a play."
76561198068453586,Recommended,245150,10875308,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,chimerage,"The Novelist is a good game for some, but a must for anyone interested in exploring the balance between personal fulfillment and responsibility to others.  It is especially relevant to writers, who will identify with the protagonist.  It is careful and mature in its gameplay, relying on patience and thoughtfulness.  For its brevity, as a 2-3 hour game, The Novelist balances character depth, decision making and gameplay well.It is neither Call of Duty, nor War and Peace, but rewarding in its simplicity.  Action gamers should ignore it; indie gamers should explore it.  Serious writers will get it."
,Not Recommended,245150,30204465,Posted: 26 February,all,Professor Plumbus,"The Novelist is a game about the intricacies of living and ultimately, the compromises one must make in life.The game offers an engrossing, albeit fleeting, experience. Your mission is to influence the actions of a cottage's inhabitants covertly as some random wayward spirit. The Novelist is a decent game, and it achieves what it sought to, but the price is far too substantial for such a short, simple game."
,Not Recommended,245150,8538956,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,flamingjune86,"I love narrative-based video games, and I strongly encourage developers to continue on that track; however, I cannot honestly recommend The Novelist simply because it falls in that category.  Though The Novelist is a creative effort and tasks the player with some interesting decisions, it falls short.  The following three aspects were the biggest trouble areas for me:  dull and repetitive gameplay, unrealistic family dynamic, and unsympathetic, flat characters.Even in video games with a strong narrative focus, gameplay is important and should be given the proper amount of time.  In The Novelist, the player acts as a sort of friendly spirit who spies on and makes decisions for the Kaplan family over the course of nine chapters during one summer.  The player reads letters, looks at lists, checks out drawings, etc.  In fact, he/she even has the ability to explore bits of the characters' memories and read portions of thoughts.  The player can play the game in stealth mode or simply explore the characters' house freely, a decision that makes little difference in the experience.  After determining the desires of each character per chapter, the player must decide whose wishes come first, with the opportunity most chapters for a ""compromise.""   These various elements of the gameplay may sound intriguing.  After all, perhaps you enjoyed exploring the house in Gone Home or reading minds in Divinity 2.  Unfortunately, these elements sound better than they actually are in the game.  As the player, you look at the same things in the same places in the same rooms throughout the entire game.  You only hear snippets of the characters' thoughts and memories, and this makes the game drag on, even though it takes less than two hours to complete.Perhaps the dull gameplay wouldn't be as bothersome if the story made a little more sense.  I'm not talking about the fact that you play as a spirit; I can suspend disbelief for that.  No, I'm referring to the flawed family dynamic.  Dan, the titular character, is supposedly responsible for the decisions over the course of one summer that will determine the happiness of his whole family for the rest of their lives.  What?  First of all, in what world does the way a family interacts, in normal everyday life, during one summer impact them forever without the possibility for change?  I understand that this game wants players to think about how their decisions in real life affect other people, but I don't think this family was portrayed as realistically as it could have been.  I know that the main conflict was Dan balancing his writing career with his life as a family man, but why does that make him responsible for meeting every desire of his wife and son?  Apparently there had been some strain between Linda and Dan prior to the summer, but resolving that conflict should not be solely on Dan's shoulders.  I could see how that would make more sense if I had played as Dan, but I was a third party, so it seems as if resolving family issues should be a family effort rather than the task of one person.  Even if the player was put directly in Dan's shoes, shouldn't the other two characters, specifically Linda as an adult, shoulder some responsibilty?  People have free will, and everything in life is not so black and white; there are many shades of gray.If the characters of The Novelist had been more sympathetic and truly dynamic, I think the unrealistic nature of the narrative would have been easier to ignore.  The player finds information about the three characters from various notes, letters, drawings, etc. lying about the house.  In addition, the player can read partial thoughts and memories.  Other than that, the characters are portrayed merely through text and drawings at the end of each chapter.  The character interactions are shallow, and there is little depth given to any of the characters.  Mostly, Dan, Linda, and Tommy come across as selfish and/or pathetic depending on the circumstances.  Of course, everyone is selfish to a degree, but it made me wonder how Dan and Linda ended up together in the first place.  It is pretty obvious that neither of them fully support each other's goals, yet Dan seems to be the only one made to feel badly about trying to pursue his.  I found that strange.As I said before, I love narrative games, and I would even consider giving this one a second playthrough, despite my issues with it, if the gameplay wasn't so cumbersome.  Though I have an interest in seeing the effect of different decisions, playing The Novelist didn't connect with my emotions or affect me in any deep way.  Watching a video of the various choices and consequences probably would have had a similar effect.  My only hope with this game is that is opens doors and inspires people to continue making narrative based games.  I think that is where the true potential lies."
,Recommended,245150,8175442,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Aurumlamina,"From the moment I laid eyes on this on the Greenlight page I had a feeling it was going to be a great game.  I wasn't disappointed.The story is well written and extremely interactive.  Every single chapter's decisions affects the rest of the game.  I played through it in one sitting (a four hour sitting) though I have hardly even touched the tip of the iceberg as there were so many other choices I could've made.  Highly recommended for its in-depth and interactive story, though it is a very art-oriented game and will not fill the void if you're looking for another Call of Duty."
,Recommended,245150,8005449,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,bestpersonevar,"Weird, fun and interesting. A game for adventurous gamers that are looking for something different, or for people that don't believe that video games are a strong medium for telling narrative stories."
,Recommended,245150,8008748,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Junkako,"Today I found myself sitting at my computer, bored senseless, wondering what to do. Then I see this game's banner appear on my steam store page. It intrigued me, so I decided to watch the trailer. Needless to say the game looked interesting, and I decided to proceed to purchase it.From the minute I opened it up and from the minute I finished my playthrough, I was completely immersed and hooked into this interesting story that developed around your decisions. I have not played many games like this, but to me it seemed like an original idea, and not some kind of sims clone.The art in the game is a nice touch as well. Its sort of Borderlands-y which really attracted my attention since that cell shaded art is a kind I really enjoy.------Spoilers may lurk below.------The story mainly consists of acts in which there are around 9. These acts each have 3 destinctive endings which you as the main character find out infomation about them and then decide wether to go with the Father's, Mother's or Son's choice.However, it doesn't just stop there, these acts intertwine with each other and change the story as they go. For instance, during one playthrough I decided that I wanted the son's outcome and told the Father to fix his toy car, since I had been slightly neglecting him throughout the recent acts. After this had happened, the car remained fixed through the duration of the rest of the game. However, during another playthrough, I found myself in the same dilema, and decided against fixing the car. Throughout the rest of that game, the car remained unfixed. I thought this was a really nice portrayal of how these decisions affect things in the long run, even if it is only for small things such as a background prop. It gives the story a little bit more dpeths and the idea that your decisions do actually matter in the long run.Another interesting idea that was given throughout the game was the idea of compromise. This was when you find out another family member's wants, and decide to compromise it with another family want. E.G The father wants to work on his novel some more, but his wife wants to spend time with him. The compromise you can select is where the father works on this novel and the next night they share a small but important drink together to help them stay connected. I thought this was a really good idea since it seemed to reflect real life a bit more, giving that idea of realism. However, you can only compromise with two characters, leaving a third disappointed.During my first playthrough and more memorable playtrhough of this game, Dan got the novel finished, accepted the job in the Uni and won an award for his book. Linda developed a stronger bond with Dan, and although she didn't go to Arts of all, she didn't give up on painting and lived a generally happy life together. Tommy was my downfall, where his decisions did not seem that important to me as he was still quite young, he became isolated and was bullied. He then found himself bouncing from dead-end jobs constantly around his 20s.Saying this game is difficult would be an overstatement. It's not. But the choices are where the difficulty meter kicks in. At the end of the day your decisions help affect this families future, and by doing so the consequences are also yours. It's whether you get so inbedded with the game that you begin to feel sympathy with them. This isn't the same for all people though.The game does also have its downsides, such as the ""space bar does everything"" rule. It doesn't, of course, but a majority of the buttons require this space bar, and sometimes things can become jumbled. For instance, during one scene a character was so close to a light that it was very difficult to click on her rather than the light, which was annoying since I was playing on Stealth. Another thing is that sometimes when you click on a light, your game will begin to have some sort of mini-seizure, cause your screen to go black and then re-open itself. It doesn't close but it does get annoying to deal with if it does happen.The bottom line to this review is if you like this type of game. If you are into more story driven, stealth based games then this is down your ally indefinitely, so more RPG based. However, if you arn't into that kind of thing, and prefer FPS and action based games, I wouldn't buy this, you would get easily bored."
76561198030414441,Recommended,245150,9209935,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Ralgaoud,"Story-driven ""game"" where alot of the enjoyment comes from how much you can relate with the 3 members of the family: father (novelist, procrastinator), mother (artist, early mid-life crisis) and son (learning issues, bullied). In each of the 12 chapters, each member has a specific need. You get to fulfill the need of one, make another compromise and disappoint the last. These choices affect how the story plays out.The game is confined to the family's rented summer home and to advance you read through notes spread around the house, sneak up on members to explore their memories and finally make your choice. It's nothing to write home about, just a means to progress the story.I give this game a reluctant thumbs up. It really depends on your mood and how much you can relate to a story about a young family trying to keep it together. I liked how it wasn't rosy; you had to make hard decision and almost always end up disappointing someone, but hey, that's life."
,Recommended,245150,24926383,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kelseyr713,"I really loved The Novelist. The choices are difficult, and it can seem like it's going to be impossible to please everyone. I managed to get a wonderful ending on my first playthrough. The VO is well-done, and the music is lovely. I was completely invested during the two hours it took to complete my first playthrough. There's a lot of opportunity here for replay as well. Extremely moving and emotional experience. I can see myself coming back to this quite a bit."
76561198044212652,Recommended,245150,10652789,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Panda,"So, where do I begin, I spent 7.50 on it cause it was on sale. I was kinda questioning about the game itself really, before I purchased it. It seemed like a game I would've liked to play. I honestly really enjoyed this game. I've read some of the other reviews, yes it was quite repeitive, yes it was quite simple. But I mean for a simple game with a nice story line, I'm the type of person who actually likes ot play games with decision. Although I wish the story went quite longer, I would hope to have a sequel to this game if anything. I really enjoy it. To make decisions based on what you feel like doing, cause in the end this game could be a life lesson, what if we really did blow off time with family to get our work done? It just shows the possibility of everything."
76561198091865154,Recommended,245150,10859270,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mad Dog of Shimano,So great made me cry like 7 times must buy
,Not Recommended,245150,28265309,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,lieberme,"Good idea, unfortunately the game falls short.  My biggest flaw with it was no option of compromising.  At the end of every chapter you chose between 3 options, each being the desire of one of the characters.  You can pick a secondary option, but it seems like a complete afterthought and poorly implemented.The review by Hamakei pretty much nails the problems with the gameplay and the story.  This was one of the first games I played through with my girlfriend and while we were invested in the story and at times enjoyed the game for what it was, it is just lacking too much for me to recommend it to anyone especially at the asking price.  I got it on sale (as with a vast majority of the games in my library) but even so I can't recommend it.  If it is ever heavily discounted and you are interested in story driven games then pick it up, but most of the time for most gamers this is a disappointing game not worth what it offers."
76561198051531930,Recommended,245150,14517385,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Touming,"Now, some say this games story and choices are superficial and predictable. Obviously, these guys lack understanding for real social intercourse, let alone true family life. I'd like to point a few things out:When you were a kid, what did you want to do all the time? Think about it, silly. Play. Yep, thats what it was probably. All the time and under any circumstances. Or, at least, have some genuine fun (to be honest, thats what I'm seeking in my life even today, otherwise why the heck would I be playin' games instead of being productive in the traditional sense?).But did that really mean that you just wanted to simply 'play'? Wasn't there something 'deeper' going on in your head at the time? Maybe feeling your parents love or making a great experience with friends and family, something you would share for a lifetime? Building a secret hideout with your best friend, observe the people passing by and feeling all secure cause they appear to not notice your hidden cave? Showing off your new toys to your dad, silently hoping he would be just as amazed by it as you were? You tell me. I, for one, did have this kind of feelings. Although it may have looked all the same from the outside, there were some pretty amazing stories hidden beneath these 'superficial' ""Come on dad, I need to show you something!""s. And if you don't get these emotions, you either never went through childhood or you're the best example of our self-alienated, objectified masquerade which we're used to call 'culture'.The outcomes of the choices you make in the game are in not in the least bland or predictable. Of course, due to technical limitations (the whole story happens in just this one house, you don't get to see animated visuals of the outcomes etc.), the emotiveness of, in some cases, life changing decisions has to fall short of ones expectations. But in the end, the important connections between the events and the complicated nets of relationships in a family and its acquaintances have to be something you cannot but ponder on for hours. Also, it simply wouldn't be in favor of the game to try and 'show off' anyone and everything. Sometimes it's just better to not let one more supernumerary walk onto the stage. He's just an psychological element in the protagonists mind and therefore should be presented as such.In the end, the game did present a spot on realistic emotionality. It's not as daydreamy as in 'To the Moon', which's story is extraordinarily compelling, but which on the other hand lacks some interdependency between the real world and the alternative, parallel-universe. There are connections between these realms and as such they have to affect unto each other in a dynamic sense. This is exactly what 'The Novelist' does just right. Every character in the game broods over his very own feelings, stares into nothingness, pondering his/her possibilities and doubtfully asks the 'What if..?' question. But at the same time, the chars are actually aware of their presence in the actual situation, with all the barriers and complexicities you set up for their lifes by making tough calls. To me, 'The Novelist' presents a piece of completeness that, aside from technicalities, could hardly be topped in any way."
76561198119319611,Recommended,245150,34372712,Posted: 20 August,all,Bella,"I expected a bit more from this game. You are a ghostlike thing, and your quest is to cheer up the family, that moved to your place for a while. You have to decide between the three people, because you have limited time and you can choose only two on one day. The gameplay itself is not really hard, you just have to be sure that nobody sees you during the day. I played it only once, and it was over in less than 3 hours, so it is pretty short. Somehow I was not pleased with this game, it just missed something for me. It is not bad, so I am going to recommend it, but only on sale."
,Recommended,245150,13859868,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,freeze,"Short but great if you like story driven games.I imagine that I could replay this 3+ times before seeing everything this game has to offer.Definitely worth it if you like game ""experiences"" or story heavy games, but maybe not for the non-sale price."
,Recommended,245150,12737361,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sa*,"9/10 - One of the best novel/epistolary driven game experiences since Dear Esther. If you are looking for action - it's not for you.I've completed the game just now, and I would say that I am freaking amazed how a simple idea can make such a wonderful, soul-soothing, but at times - heartbreaking experience. It is a wonderful story about a family, the story that is shaped by YOU. You are a ghost, indeed, but it is not really about that. The game is called ""The Novelist"" because, despite the fact that Dan - the father in this family - is trying to write a book, you are actually the one who is writing a novel. You are writing a novel about the life of this family, and you make actions that are shaping the story, and I am sure this game has multiple endings, depending on what choices you make.Dan is trying to write a novel, his wife Linda is trying her luck at painting pictures. Their kid Tommy is trying to adapt to the new environment in new school and tries to deal with dyslexia. You choose who gets the momentum, and who will be dissapointed with their days. Sometimes you will try to make VERY TOUGH descisions.... Thats how the gameplay works, and your actions will lead to different branches of the story...I cried in the end, most of the actions I did were trying to help everyone... But that is not always how it is in real life. I cried in the end because I am going through the exact moment of my life right now. It's either my career, or my family. And in this game - i chose family. And now I am quite sure that this is what I am going to do in my life.I salute you Orthogonal Games for writing and developing such a good, mesmerising story that could actually make me think about my choices, and maybe think about life and family in general.I am giving this game 9 out of 10 for creating one of the best emotional experiences i've had in a while. This game made to shed a tear even though I am a grown man. *<[:D  I will take 1 point from this game because I didn't feel the gameplay gave me just a little bit more freedom to explore the house or the outsides and sometimes it felt a little bit repepetive and very straightforward. I felt it could have a bit more on the visuals, i mean the outside terrain could be improved (sometimes i am very picky on details) But other than that - it is amazing."
,Not Recommended,245150,9378474,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Squashbuckler,"This is a diffult one to review. You essentially play as a ""ghost"" ina  families house, track down relevent clues and read the minds of the inhabitants. In a way you play the role as an almost ghost social worker, picking and choosing which outcome or compromise for each character you will decide.No doubt, this is a pretty innnovative title. Does innovative make a good game? not neccesserily, and I think the gameplay is where this game falls flat. In fact, it isnt a game, and it isnt really that entertaining of a story either. It reminds me of those ""choose your own adventure"" books.So far I have been sneaking around ( I recommend you disable this mode, it makes the game even more tedious) and choosing the destiny of the various characters. I can see that clearly many different endings are possible here, but I couldnt imagine why anyone would want to play this game(loosely used) again to see alternate endinds?Right now I am 105 minutes into the game, and I would like it to conclude.After 2 hours I completed story and wasnt overly amused, nor moved at all by the rudimentary storyline. I cant say this was interesting, entertaining or intriguing. Therefore, I do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,245150,9756229,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,NeroBron,"This game has an emotional story, great characters and many, many moral choices. If you want a story rich game that will keep you debating on what to do, play this."
76561198053502719,Recommended,245150,9145609,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,2awesome,This game was amazing... But sad...Amazingly sad..... or sadly amazing.....This is a must play game for everyone and it really makes you think...
,Recommended,245150,9382221,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,MissBunny,"It’s not a good game, it’s not a bad game. It’s decent. You play by making decisions throughout a summer vacation trip. You make choices that effect the family and how they view each other. The gameplay is a bit boring, but the storyline hits very close to home. It’s a good game worth a play through to feel the story, but it doesn’t do too much for me. I’d struggle recommending it to friends who aren’t into interactive story type games. If you’re looking for a story, play this game. If you’re looking for a game, look elsewhere. Also, dat ‘stache. 6/10"
76561198044383405,Recommended,245150,9171948,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Angustus,"As a sucker for a very special type of games, I loved this one. It moved me in a way few games do. My only wish is that it would've been waaaaay longer."
76561198069675303,Recommended,245150,9759581,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,krstrf,"it is a very good game that has a griping story that I couldn't pull away from, I can not say enough about how well the narative and its exsacution is done. I abouslty love it and I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,245150,9370328,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Glowbear,"Nice idea, executed well in its basic concept. Only negatives are the environments are very barren and the actual course of actions throughout the game are repetitive. If players were allowed to go outside the house, if the house was a bit more full and if some general fleshing out were to occur it would greatly benefit this game. But overall it's an interesting game, where your choices and the results really do tug at your emotions. Pity that there was nothing expanded (or I missed out) on the random night time diaries from the 1950's I found."
,Recommended,245150,9438745,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Jetlbomb,Such a fantastically unique game. It was interesting and moving. I played through in one session and could barely draw myself away from it. In the end I wonder if I made the right decision. I'll just have to play through again to see.
76561198024516369,Not Recommended,245150,8544377,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hippeus the Red,"This game is a boring Choose-Your-Own-Adventure book. The characters are too archetypal to achieve any real characterization or depth, the choices are uninspired and telegraphed, and the visuals wear thin very very quickly. The voice acting is fine, but it is almost always delivered over letters or other text pop-ups the player is unable to walk away from. Forcing a player to stare and their screen for a minute or more at a time while delivering the same information twice is the antithesis of interactive storytelling. Whatever potential power the branching choices have is lost by their predictability, in both choice and outcome. I found myself bored with The Novelist, falling into a repeatable routine and waiting for the game to end. This is not worth your time, nor your fifteen dollars."
,Not Recommended,245150,8731383,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ocelot,"I like the idea of this game. I like what they were going for. Unfortunately the family's AI is too simplistic for the whole game to not feel uncanny. I can't bring myself to care about these people's lives because they feel like automatons, just shumbling around the house and muttering generic greetings to each other all day. On top of that the voice acting is bad enough to be immersion breaking on its own. But by far the most infuriating thing about this game is how often i feel like it's insulting my intelligence. Like, it's painfully obvious what each character wants just from reading their thoughts, seeing their memories, and watching their behavior, but you're REQUIRED to search all around the house for multiple scraps of paper they left lying around for some reason, that tells you what you already knew. And maybe i'm just a moron but throughout my entire experience with this game i never found a clue for Dan."
,Not Recommended,245150,8616237,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,pasquinade,"In nine chapters, the player gets a glimpse at the ""complicated family life"" for Dan, his wife Linda, and their son Tommy. You play as a ghost/spectre-like figure that ""haunts"" the summer home Dan and his family have rented. The object of the game is to help everyone in the family be successful at their desires without having to sacrifice the desires of any of the other family members.I still don't really know how I feel about this game. I was so hype on this because the story sounded amazingly fantastic and something really deep and hipster: exactly what I'm into. It's also got elements of being a visual novel (my favourite type of game). But the writing felt like it was lacking and the side story with all the journal entries scattered throughout the house felt out of place and unnecessary.After my first playthrough, I don't know if I can recommend this game to the majority of Steam users. It's definitely got its niche market and while I hope this game succeeds and gains popularity, I can't say I have faith that it will.(Also, the meta at the end of the game was hella cheesy and I don't know if I appreciated it...but I totally did because it made me go 'so meta much lol wow'.)"
,Recommended,245150,9672182,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,No Pants,"We’re simply not used to having real emotional reactions to video games. Sure, some titles are getting better at it, but for the most part that’s something truly lacking in the medium. There is tons of adrenaline but not much else. The Novelist stirs up feelings and makes you want to bend to Linda and Tommy’s needs. But then that brings us back to the whole overarching concept of the game: there may not be a possibility to manage everyone’s wants and needs. If you haven’t been scared off by the concept it presents, then The Novelist shall likely prove a worthwhile experience."
76561198304849054,Recommended,245150,30717541,Posted: 24 March,all,KioBowden,"The novelist is an amazing narrative told from a unique perspective. Without spoiling anything, you are a ghost watching over a family that lives in your house. Instead of haunting them however, you decide to try and help them out with their problems. Without being seen you have to look inside each of the family members memories and decide who you want to side with in the story. This game does a great job at giving the player control over the story while also keeping them separated from it. Great replay value, would highly recommend giving this a try."
76561198013251616,Recommended,245150,33749375,Posted: 23 July,all,Kael Darkwind,"for such a simple game, there is a fantastic story here. can complete the game in about 2-4 hours depending on how quickly you play it. but with multiple endings, i highly recommend playing it!"
76561197987926197,Recommended,245150,10081453,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Eremite,"First off, the cons. It's a bit overpriced for what it is and has limited reply value.But my God it will get to you. It's a horrible game about the compromises we have to make between the different obligations in our life - do you focus on your novel? Your struggling marriage? Supporting your son at a key moment in his life? It's a constant balanacing act. You will fail and let people down regularly. In the end, I'd been a decent father and husband and had written a terrible novel. As a writer myself that was pretty humbling. It made me examine my decisions and values.Ultimately, most of the games I play are escapist. The Novelist isn't at all. It's not about being a ghost, it's a game about being an adult and making adult choices."
,Recommended,245150,11215084,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gamer,"The Novelist is a really good decision making game that will affect your wife, son, or even yourself. You have to make a choice and each choice you make will have good things happening but at the same time, you'll also suffer some dire consequences. I really like a game when you have to stop and make a real good decision before making the choice. :)My Review:Plot: 10/10Voice acting: 10/10The House: 15/10I definitely recommend this game to any gamer like decision making games! :D"
,Recommended,245150,10013033,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,amana9999,"""And so he sat down, Looked at the choices, And then wrote his novel""About:The Novelist is an interactive story game, while this may be nothing new to the industry The Novelist is focused on one thing and one thing only, Story. The story revolves around three members of a family known as the Kaplans and thier trip to an isolated cabin during the summertime. You are a ghost that lives in this cabin. As the summer goes on you will learn about the family, thier lives before coming, thier problems, and thier hopes and dreams. And you will play a part in changeing thier lives.Cons:Lets get some of the cons out of the way. The graphics are nothing, (though i image if youre into these types of games you dont care much for them) they're not special and certainly not high end. While its art style maybe somewhat different with is almost painted look it's certainly nothing you'll remember. In addition gameplay is paracticlly nonexsistant. Every chapter consits of looking around the house for clues and reading the memories of the family and then choosing from three options. The ""stealth"" mechanic is never really used to its full potential as everyone leaves rooms quickly enough to just wait and even if you are spotted it takes alot before they become spooked and thier option becomes locked.Pros:However none of that matters if you love a good story. The kaplans feel like a real family stuck facing difficult decsions that every family must make. At the end of every chapter youll have 3 choices to choose from. These choices feel real because no matter what you choose someone is always disappointed and there is always a consequence, just like real life. If you do good in each chapter you are also rewarded with a compromise, however this is only a half ending for whoever gets the compromise. So rather than getting 2 out of 3 happy endings you get 1.5 which is great because it forces you to make tough decisions. And even if you think you have it figured out and know which direction you want the story to go in the game will throw a curveball that may make you change your ideas.Verdict: 7/10To call it a game would be wrong, more like an interactive novel. However its story is still a great one that will force tough decisions that every family must go through. If your a fan of games like walking dead and to the moon youll be right at home here.Price:?Now what you should pay for this game is quite difficult. Paying full price is nice and good to helping out a small indie devloper. However $15 may be a bit much for a game that will only last 3-4 hours. And while it may have different endings this is the kind of game where youll only play once to see the ending that you would always choose. If you do intend to buy wait for a sale, even a small one like 10% off. You'll feel like you got much more bang for your buck and still get to enjoy a great story.The Honest Reviewer"
,Recommended,245150,10221740,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,javalasers,"I'm squarely in the new-dad demographic, so this game probably has an unfair advantage. :-) That said, I think it would be enjoyable for anyone interested in a quiet, contemplative, story-driven experience that you can play through in a small number of hours.The characters in this family are fleshed out in *much* greater detail than in most games, which makes sense. In _The Novelist_, backstory is not window-dressing to make you care slightly more about (say) running down a hallway shooting bad guys; instead, backstory *is* the game.The tensions and tradeoffs in this little family really rang true to me, especially as someone with a career, a wife, and a child, and all of us trying to juggle and find balance, just like the game's characters. My wife watched me play through one of the chapters, and she ended up crying (but in a good way). Like me, she was a bit floored at how ""real"" everything felt.My one nit is with the forced-choice mechanic employed in each chapter. At ""best,"" you can make one of the three characters very happy, make a second character moderately happy, and leave the third character out in the cold. I understood and felt how the game was trying to really force me into the mindset of limited time+resources where I had to make hard choices for the family. But by the end this particular mechanic seemed itself seemed a bit forced and forumulaic. I would have loved for the game to mix it up a bit, be less predictable, and find some other ways to present me with hard choices where not everyone gets what they want.Still, it was a great experience overall, and I highly recommend the game to anyone who's looking for a few hours of contemplating family, work, life, and all the cracks in between."
76561198073822400,Recommended,245150,10667431,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lilizora,"One of the simples and best game I've ever played. It was amazing and had a huge impact on me, I got really involved with this game."
,Recommended,245150,11611161,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,XTYRMIN8Z,"the story of a super friendly ghost who systematically chooses what actions the inhabitants of the house should take to better themselves and their lives. they should make this place a halfway house, it would be sick AF."
76561197988082033,Recommended,245150,10693588,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DJKaboom,"I think there are two broad categories one needs to consider when reviewing this game: concept and mechanics.  On one hand, while there are several games in which sacrifice-based decisions have a cumulative effect on the outcome of a game, this is the only title in which the decision-making IS the game itself.  The story is at once heartwarming and heartbreaking, and its narrative bridges the chapters smoothly regardless of your decisions.  Originality in scope and a raw emotional impact that only indie devs can bring you.  On the other hand, the playability could use some serious polish.  The gameplay is quite repetitive and tedious, and I often found myself rushing through the clue-finding.  The only part of the game I truly valued was reading the results of my decisions.  Moving through the house unseen is painfully easy to the point of boredom; a more inventive, strategic means of getting around, with varying limitations and obstacles to get from one point to another in the house would help the engagement factor, and it would be wonderful to extend the map outside of the house to areas mentioned in the letters: the woods, cliffside, even small parts of town, to make the search for clues a bit more challenging.  Lastly, the voice acting was woefully lacking any degree of believability, which would have surely added to the drama and tension.  But alas, I understand the limitations of indie development, so I feel I have to grade this one on a curve.  Big big points for taking a stab at a sub-genre much less traveled, docked for mechanics and playability, and you still wind up with a game well worth playing."
,Recommended,245150,10661779,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Chip,The story and ability to make decisions make this one of the best story-based games currently.
,Not Recommended,245150,13837739,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,704BOSS,This is really boring.  I'm not going to finish it.  Stuck in a depressing house jumping through lights.  I don't get it.
76561198064284822,Recommended,245150,8042141,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Comical_speedy88,Simply beautiful. Innovative gameplay coupled with a great story.
,Recommended,245150,8403275,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Toast,"I'm just going to start off by saying that I loved this. Even though I was playing on my computer, it didn't feel like a game. It felt more like I was reading one of those choose your own adventure books, except with my mouse and keyboard.The story dragged me in very early, and I was emotionally invested from the start. I took about three and a half hours to play through it, as I wanted to make sure I found every piece of information, and spent time considering the decisions and what consequences each could have. While I made my decisions with all three of them in mind, I came to find that I felt like I was playing the character of Dan, which was easy for me to subsconsciously drift towards as there was a closer connection to him in the game and I felt more disassociated with the ghost; like I was Dan calling the shots most of the time.I did my absolute best to make everything work for all of them, and made sure Dan didn't neglect his family, and although I felt like he was wasting his time with the book at that time, I still gave him plenty of things that helped with the book. It wasn't right, though, because he needed to sort out the rest of his life with his family and such first and then the book would come.In the end (of my story) Linda did the art thing part-time and Tommy was popular at school. Dan and Linda loved each other and lived the rest of their life like their honeymoon, but Dan's career went nowhere. I wondered if there was a perfect ending, if there was a chain of correct decisions I could have made which would have ended the story perfectly. I may play this through again, but probably not anytime soon, however I feel like there isn't a perfect solution, and the reason that there wouldn't be is not because a better ending wouldn't be possible, but because this game is supposed to pose the questions to us, not answer them. What this game is here for is to give us perspective on life, and I for one am glad that I stumbled across this game.This review is for people who have played the game and possibly the people who made it, if they read this; it's not intended to be a review for anyone who hasn't played it. One thing that I also want to note is that I think the effects of the decisions in the game were not complex enough. There were usually three options, with each being good for one person and bad for the other two. If you had played it right, you could pick two, however I saw many things which I chose because in reality they would have helped more than one of them. For example, I felt that Dan playing the board game thing with Tommy would not only help Tommy, but also Dan, as it would allow him to have time with his son and focus on what's important, and I also thought it would be nice for Linda to see them two playing. I thought it might cheer her up, but there was nothing really to show any of that. Another decision I came across was Linda wanting to go camping and Dan wanting to collect firewood and go camping on the beach. I thought this was great because I could pick either one and they would both be happy, and so I picked Dan's one because I felt like Linda would be happy that Dan actually initiated the camping trip, plus Tommy would have a blast. Turns out she actually wanted to go camping in a different location, and she wanted to go there instead so much so that she left them and went there by herself, spraining her ankle in the process. That kinda baffled me.Also, for the final decision, I still don't know what the difference between picking the backpack and the painting was? Both ways they stayed in Laurente and Tommy went back to school, however one way Linda painted full time and the other she painted part time. I think I chose the part-time because it was an unpaid thing it seemed like (all proceeds going to charity), and then Dan tutored Tommy, and worked part-time I believe. I'm not sure what the other option would have brang, but after re-reading all the information in that chapter before making the decision, I still couldn't figure out the difference. I guess if someone could explain it to me that would be cool.So, while this is kind of technically a review, it's my feedback and opinion to the makers and everyone else, and possibly a request for explanation or discussion of certain areas.Also, in my scenario, I feel that as Tommy got older, he would no longer require tutoring from Dan, which would free Dan up to take a full time job, or get back into writing full-time or just on the side, which I can't remember being mentioned in the ending scenario.The gameplay wasn't perfect, and there were a few small issues for me, but despite all that, the story was untouched and it still gave me same emotional response regardless, so I give this game 100% on my scale. Thanks for the game, and even if no one reads this crazy long review-ish thing, it felt good to actually write out my thoughts... maybe I'll go somewhere for three months and write a whole book... (NOT!)"
76561198035717706,Recommended,245150,8722441,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Yamaoroshi,"The first thing you have to realize about this game is that it's meant to be casual. If you walk into it expecting it to be action-packed and requiring masterful strategy, it's probably going to seem like a terrible game. On the other hand, it does pull off the casual genre better than just about any other game out there. Even more important than the gameplay is the central question of ""Can I attain my own goals without hurting those around me?"". Throughout the entirety of the game you have to consider your options carefully... but regardless of what you choose I can almost guarentee that you won't like the end result. Ultimately however you're going to have to answer the question for yourself."
,Recommended,245150,9317732,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Heathen,"I am not %100 sold on The Novelist, but I do think that it is a work of art that deserves an audience, and a run through of the game will only take a couple of hours.It's an emotional experience, though I recommend you play it in Story Mode, instead of Stealth mode, which marred my first attempt at a play through.I don't think the storytelling is anything particularly groundbreaking - structurally it feels like a choose your own adventure - but the subject matter is not one usually explored in a game, and for that I think it's worth a try.It's called the Novelist, but it might perhaps better be called 'The Father' because the game was really more about balancing his family life with his work and passions  than actually writing a novel. If this sounds like playing your life on a computer, you may want to give this one some room until you have a little more space to breathe.My main qualm with the game is that while the Novelist's artist wife Linda is drawn well enough (I guess)  with her own ambitions and approach to family, the game still presents a fairly patriarchal family worldview  - one that sometimes seems drawn to appeal to a fantasy of male martyrdom. Though Linda puts forward her views on family decisions, in the end it's her husband who makes all the choices about their life and their son's. So while the game can be genuinely affecting, ultimately, some of the sacrifices you make feel a little hollow. Arguably this is simply a result of the game mechanics, but my wife and I make choices about our lives together, and it's not all on my shoulders, nor hers.That said, the dilemmas in this game are well set up, and I felt really torn between advancing Dan's career, his wife's and the wellbeing of his son.  I was glad that, in my runthrough at least, both she and Tommy led fruitful lives, even if Dan didn't get to follow his dreams.Play it if you want an experience different from your everyday shoot 'em up."
76561198016999243,Recommended,245150,24965202,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ccphil,"idk how the hell you stumbled upon this game; i didnt even know it was in my library tbh. its good though. forgettable, yes. but very enriching"
76561198052919524,Recommended,245150,8010540,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,BeatleNumber9,"I've been looking forward to the Novelist since I first saw it on the steam Greenlight page months ago. It has such a unique idea. Basically you play this ghost, and you're trying to figure out how to help the character Dan, The Novelist, focus on his book, while at the same time keeping him from becoming distant from his wife and son. All the while you cant let the family see you, otherwise you won't be able to help them as much as you could. You know what, I haven't seen that before.This game is basically a reverse version of the Shining. It has a family of three moving to a remote location for some quiet time, and for the husband to work on his novel, and the place they're staying at is haunted. But instead of the ghost looking to get the husband to slaughter his family, which in retrospects might be more fun, the ghost tries to help the family sort out their problems.This game can get very emotional in just about every chapter. More spcifically in the second to last chapter where a close relative of the main character's wife dies, and you have to have author choose between going to the funeral with his family, or going to this meeting, that might be his book's last chance of getting published, on the same day.This is another indie game that obviously tries to do something different, in the same way that Dear Esther or Gone Home tries to do something different. The only difference is that The Novelist still feels more like a game than the other two, I'm not trying to devalue those two other games, I loved them both. But since the Novelist does something different than the ""traditional"" game it already has naysayers who are already calling it idiotic things like ""Hipster-garbage."" Which if you don't like it fine, but don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your opinions, and don't diss it if you haven't even played it yet.One downside of the game that I can think of is the voice acting is nothing special, I mean it's not terrible but I feel like it could have been better. Dan's wife, specifically, is very monotoned through most of the game, only picking up near the end where she has to show real saddness after her relative dies, I mentioned earlier. The game is also only about three hours in one playthrough, but to be fair it has some great replay value. One other thing is that, and I don't know if this is just my computer, but whenever I tried to look at some of the son's pictures closely they would get pixeled out and I wouldn't be able to see them. Luckly this didn't effect the rest of the game, it just came off as a minor annoyance.Personally I loved this game, and the story behind it. I always pay attention to story in games and when I see one like the Novelist's I can't help but give it praise. I've been getting so tired of bigger game companies churning out the same crap over and over (I'm looking at you Activision!) When something like the Novelist comes along and tries something new I always pay attention. It doesn't even have to be ""Great,"" just something else! Anything else!All I can say is if your in the mood for something slightly different, with a great story behind it, give it a try. But like I said look before you leap. With games like the Novelist, Gone Home, and Dear Esther you should be able to look at screenshots and gameplay footage and decide whether or not they're for you."
76561197987183057,Recommended,245150,9149681,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,str8edg,"Much like Dan in the game, or at least my version of it, I am unsure what to say here.The Novelist is a fantastic game, I know it will not be for everyone. There is no action, although I did plan to do one thing and then because I was not fast enough got spotted and had to make a little boy cry :( So maybe some action!In essence this is a game of choice, and if you are like me just playing it thru makes you look at your own life's choices. I put it down a couple of times to go play Lego with my boy... this game, if you let it, will have an impact on you.A fairly short game and I did get mine on sale so the dollar per hour ratio may be a little high but there is some replay here, I want to see what happens with different choices... just how good can Dan's book really be?Bottom line for me, is this is a must buy."
76561198031287159,Recommended,245150,15873992,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Melon,"Maybe I'm not experienced in this area of life yetBut how does my family get by without someone wiping their♥♥♥♥♥for them.I mean I get it, sometimes your wife/child need their husband/dadBut I swear it seems like the choices go like .....#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorHoney, I need some help in the back#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author- Ok dear, just let me finish this sentence......'Wife bursts into flame and subsequently burns down the house for not being having their needs met  immediately'"
,Not Recommended,245150,9089758,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Animante,"As a fan of interactive adventure games such as ""The Novelist,"" I found it to be tedious, and terribly slow paced. Maybe it's trying to come off as realistic, but the game offered no breaks in the monotony normally found in games such as these. The choices, though hard to make, always left you feeling unnaccomplished, because out of three characters, one of them was going to get the cold shoulder. Maybe this is supposed to reflect real life decisions, but honestly only left you feeling bad for the main character. His work, or his family? A hard choice to make both in games and in real life, but when either choice leaves someone mad at you, what's the point?The characters are hard to relate to, or even feel sympathetic for. Random moments such as a funeral for a death in the wife's family clash with a big event that's supposed to boost your career. Yet even then your child throws a fit for not taking him to an aero show. Constant nagging from all three characters does little but leave you torn in which decision is going to benefit you the most, which usually ends in neglecting your child. The writing, while well presented, is generic and unemotional. The voice acting, though not a major part of the game, is wooden and almost robotic.This is the type of game to be played in one long run in order to get the full experience, but the game drags on and gets very, very repetitive even when the devs try to switch things up now and then. I wouldn't recommend this game unless you were feeling in the mood to bore yourself to death."
,Recommended,245150,8006673,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,PetitePyro,"An incredible game, a must play.Such incredible hard decisions  to make but totally worth the 3 hours it took to complete."
76561198001809332,Recommended,245150,8009886,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Heathen scum,Great story
,Recommended,245150,8001869,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,"Amnesia, but better","To be frank, this game is packaged as a Stealth game. In reality, it takes walking right up to a family member and licking their face just to get caught. However, the game is really fun and the story is unique. It's the first game I've played in quite some time that made me genuinely lose track of time. The choices you have to make are actually hard to make most of the time. Of course you have to put Dan's needs first, but everyone else's problems are also inescapable. Do yourself a favor and try it out. It's worth the money."
,Not Recommended,245150,28512726,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,throw 4 p250 sand dune,"On a simple note, the game is extremely boring and repetitive with no replayability, and has about three hours of content. The price tag of 14.99 is too much for this title. I do not recommend this at all.Looking at the game deeply, The Novelist explores the dynamics of a conflictful family, the player introducing external social forces to the family's decision-making. However, the player's choices seem too influential, the consequences of each decision being limited and, ultimately, predictable. It is basically presented this way for each level: the player is presented with three options to favor one family-member's choices over the other, with minor consensuses for each level that hardly affect the gameplay, and is prompted to choose one; each level is presented in this format and does not affect others. Don't get me wrong, the developers have attempted to portray a difficult concept in the game, but have not  done the best they possibly could have."
,Recommended,245150,8113673,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,HAPPY LITTLE TREES,"Great story, choices that you have to make are much more complicated than in most games that incorporate choices... I have seen two different endings so far and really have enjoyed this game."
76561198112875764,Recommended,245150,8003832,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,victorhugocueto,"I couldn't stop since I started, it was one of the best games I've ever played, thank you very much."
,Recommended,245150,13207122,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,quasipedia,"A nice game from somebody who's probably not (yet) a father...First of all, let me clarify that despite this review focusing on the shortcoming of the game,I wholeheartedly recommend the game.  Then let's dive in:THE GOODThe game is essentially a narration/exploration game (think ""Dear Eshter"") with the notable exception that in ""The Novelist"" the player has to solve moral dilemmas at the end of each level.In particular the game follows a family during their summer retreat, and each chapter of the story ends with each family members having a different, conflicting desire.  The player must choose which family member's desire gets fulfilled.However - and this is the strength of the game - the stakes are hight aseach family member's preferences contribute towards important, existential points(writing the book that may change the course of the man career, saving the relationship between the two adults, supporting the kid in overcoming being bullied and having difficulties at school).These are usually very well balanced dilemmas and the choice is never merely strategic: it is all the times phylosophical/moral:there is never a ""correct"" answer, just one that resonates more with each player's sensitivity, and that will influence the remaining of the story/the final outcome in a specific way.In that regards, the game is brilliant:it elicits emotions and reflections that overflow the context of the game and invite the player to think to their real lives.THE LESS GOODI'm pretty sure (given the credits) that the author of the game is married, but does not have (yet) kids.  This shows.  The relationship and emotional dynamic between husband and wife in the game is very credible.  The one between the father (or the mother) and the kid - although described with care and attention - is not as authentic.Parents truly ""feel the joy"" of their kids.  Even when they have to give up something of their personal life, parents are sincerely and completely happy for their's kid successes.  There is no regret nor second thought once the choice to prioritiseyour kid's needs over yours is done.  It's a very different feeling than that of - say - giving up something important for making yourpartnerhappy.It is difficult to put this difference in words (let alone in a language that is not my native one), but while an adult is happyfortheir partner's happiness, a parent tends to be happywiththeir kids.  It is not a better or more intense joy, it's just... different.So, my only (minor) criticism of the game is that it does not render this difference properly: the narration does not soundasauthentic as it does in describing the relationship between spouses.Another (again: very minor) criticism I'd like to make is that the game is framed in a very ""man-centric"" way: in order for the player to choose the course of action, they have to ""tell"" the man what the family as a whole should do (why not telling it to the woman?).Also in the summary of the events as they happened in previous chapters, the sentences are all constructed in such a way that the man is portrayed as the decision-maker, and the woman and kid subjects of the decisions.  Again: this is an extremely small detail, but it stands out enough for an attentive player to notice.TECHNICAL REMARKSThe game is clearly the single-handed work of love of its author.  There is degree of identification between the man in the game (the novelist) and the author of the game which is apparent in many passages of the scriptand openly revealed at the end of the game.Because of the limited human resources on the project, many technical choices have been a compromise: very simple and naive AI of the characters, a tiny-tiny world (in fact a two-bedroom house!), low level of garphic detail.However the author not only stroke a good balance by investing on the things that make the game good, while ignoring those that would make it merely more ""shiny""; he also put great care in the delivery, so thatthe game feels simple from a technical perspective, but also very well executed.  More importantly one canfeelthe care the author put in its creation, and that makes you feel as the recipient of something beautiful.Again: the game is not perfect, but it deliver a strong memorable experience, and I wholeheartedly reccomand it to anybody, although - perhaps - an adult gamer will appreciate it more than a young one who hasn't a family on its own yet."
,Recommended,245150,13154929,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,I nice way to spend a rainy morning.
,Recommended,245150,13276566,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Wolfstar★,Wow. My god. What a hard-hitter. That was quite the emotional roller coaster. Please give it a try. The 66 Metascore doesn't do it justice at all. It deserves more like an 85.
76561198052907170,Recommended,245150,8445611,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zanthalas,"I found The Novelist to be a delightfully warmhearted look into life.  While some people may complain about how people never write in a journal or use a typewriter anymore, that's if you take the game as if it were based on a modern time setting, which I didnt see it as.  The obvious examples I can state are a cord phone, a typewriter, and a record player in the game.  That aside, I found this far more refreshing change of pace, where most games focus on the player mostly exercising their mind, this focused more on the heart and mind together.The replay value is moderately high, being that you can have far different results with the decisions you make.  It is short, on a single play through, but felt the price was worth the change in pace.  One that deviates from the current same ol', same ol'.I rate this game an 8/10.  Especially for those seeking a short escape from the shooters and action-based games."
,Recommended,245150,8106032,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ohhaidere35,"This is a great game for anyone looking to enjoy a casual, laid back experience.  If you like story and decision-based games, you'll love The Novelist.  It focuses on a family and the choices they make over the course of a summer that will eventually shape their collective futures.  An interesting topic and fairly well executed.  Perhaps a bit overpriced, it took me only about 3 hours to finish one playthrough.  However, apparently the game offers a lot of replayability, as many elements are randomized and the choices you make can change as well."
76561197998528153,Recommended,245150,8023413,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The Honeybadger,"A difficult game, mostly due to the severity of the consequences your tampering in the lives of these people makes. It is less a game, than a novel you can change parts of. But, if that's your thing, this is a game for you."
76561198006276140,Recommended,245150,8029626,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[killjoy],"This game is both a refreshing new approach to adventure gaming and a fantastic exploration of artistic expression. The story tells the tale of the Kaplan family - Dan (the novelist), his wife Linda (the artist) and their son Tommy. Interestingly enough, the player controls none of these characters but instead controls a disembodied entity (essentially a ghost for lack of a better word) whose exact origin or purpose is left intentionally ambiguous. You control said entity in the first person, exploring the Kaplan's new vacation home while simultaneously trying to avoid detection (thus spooking a given a family member). To help in this endeavor, you can possess lights and even make them flicker to attract the attention of the Kaplans, adding a stealth aspect to the game; it does, however, offer a 'story' mode where you are immune to detection as well.It quickly becomes apparent, upon the Kaplans arrival in threir new summer home, that things are not going well for this family. Thus, for reasons unknown, it becomes your job to dig up the proper clues to help resolve various conflicts between family members. This is done through exploration, a form of mind-reading, and the ability to enter the memories of individual characters for further discovery. Stay out of sight, find all the clues, learn the secrets, and then use this knowledge to influence the situation by way of subliminal suggestion (you literally whisper suggestions into Dan's ear while he sleeps)!All in all this is a really unique and interesting game which offers plenty of fun, as well as a really engaging story-driven narrative. Especially for that low, low indie price! If you enjoy adventure games, especially the more artistically expressive types, then definitely do yourself a favor and give it a go - if not, who knows, you may still end up enjoying it anyway!"
,Recommended,245150,8075086,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Spectral Hunt,"The Novelist is a game about balance. It's not action-packed or filled with puzzles and it only takes in one two-bedroom house. Despite how that may sound, The Novelist is one of the best games I've played in 2013, certainly the most touching. While it may not be for everyone, if you're up for a story driven experience that will make you equally proud and depressed, The Novelist is a must play."
,Recommended,245150,8033140,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Oats,"An engaging game that kept me hooked from start to finish. I actually felt like my choices had some weight to them and I carefully thought about how I would play each chapter. I know I'll play it over and over just to see the various outcomes. Loved exploring the house to find clues and seeing various little things change, such as Tommy's drawings. A great experience overall."
,Recommended,245150,12755879,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Illumo,"This game really got me thinking about life.It was very beatiful and...I never thought a game could make me think like that. But it looks like it happened. It really told me something about myself and the choices I made. I plan on changing some of my choices later to see if I can change.The ending was outstanding. I don't even want to go into any detail why.The soundtrack was beatiful and peaceful. I could sleep to it.And like I mentioned earlier with the emotions, I haven't felt or thought that why since I played The Walking Dead series.This game was peaceful and made me feel happy, it's not for everyone, but it's worth a shot."
,Recommended,245150,12758142,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,BENJAMINTO,"It's unfortunate for a game called ""The Novelist"" that the general plot and characters aren't very engaging. The family trio here is more irritating than anything else (two artist parents and a kid with no personality? ughhh, no thanks), and playing the game amounts to looking at scraps of paper on the same 12 counters over and over and over again.Still, it's impressive that someone managed to make an effective game about what it feels like to live with a family or a loved one you're dedicated to: compromises galore! Everyone wants to do what they want at the expense of what their loved one wants!The experience of playing the game is kind of a bummer, but I played through it making the decisions that seemed best to me, and I'm happy to report that I was rewarded with a satisfying ending. Despite my best efforts, Dan the Novelist's career died an early death. But I'm told he maintained a close, loving relationship with his wife for the rest of his life, and their son became a famous graphic artist and a really nice guy. So that's pretty nice--my protagonist ended up with no dream job, but he's a Real Rad Dad.Recommended for people who think the following sounds like a good time:""It's like Gone Home, but you get to make a lot of choices that change the narrative. But it's not quite as interesting as Gone Home."""
,Recommended,245150,13666415,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Schrödinger's cat,"Speechless. I really love the story of this game. I almost cry when I see the outcome of what I've done to make Dan accomplish his goal, even I've made him compromise with Linda and Tommy, still I'm so sad to hurt their feeling. Will recommend this game to my friends, also I hvae to compromise with my GF for not going out for dinner, but instead playing The Novelist at home. LOL"
76561198105516901,Recommended,245150,8188018,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Madam Rockabye,"This game is incredibly deep. To say that it is similar to any other game is an outright fabrication. The characters are all unique, and very relatable.First of all, the family: It's not exactly dysfunctional, more...realistic. Hear me out: The family has very little contact with eachother. They care about eachother, they acknowledge eachother, and they do activities together, but rarely as an entire family. Like, if Linda plays with Timmy, Dan would be working. And that is a realistic thing; not all parents can give full attention to their children. They have to make sacrifices and choose between family and work sometimes, and choosing the latter is a realistic choice that they have to make, so they don't lose their job and ability to provide things to their family. And no family is totally perfect, and none of them ever make perfect choices. They can't all make eachother happy, yet they can have happy moments. That's why this family is brilliant, because they're a modern family (not that stupid show). The fact that they have emotions and outright hide them sometimes, and also show them in a subtle fashion, makes them more realistic and relatable.The gameplay: This game does surprisingly fantastic for a point-and-click game. I'm not saying that point-and-click games are crappy, I'm just saying that not every one is able to put you in such a great sense of control that this one can. When you make the descisions, you either feel curious about your descision, or have a heavy weight of regret in your chest that you made the wrong descision, but it was somehow for the best. You never once feel confident in your descision, because you know that you have let someone down. The reason that I'm referring to it as YOUR descision, not as Dan, Linda, or Tommy's descision, is because YOU made that descision. You're the theory, and they're the action. In other words, It's never a descision until you perform it. Before that, It's just a thought. So they're the performance (action) and you're the thought (theory).The overall story: What can be a dull story can tun inot one of the most engrossing games in the world. 'Nuff said."
76561198081089669,Recommended,245150,14593140,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Puffball,This is a fantastic game. Very unique. So well written and I became really invested in the outcome of the family. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,245150,8402190,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Olly,Awesome Game I Love it so much!!
76561198039644196,Recommended,245150,8851017,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Noah,"So far, it is very good. All story with some stealth aspects for a bit of a challenge. I love leading the Kaplans astray and into disarray"
,Recommended,245150,8234035,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Wysiwyg,"I really can't compare this to any other game other than the recently released Gone Home, however where GH was more about discovery The Novelist allows you to shape the outcome.  The visuals and music are charming, and there is replay value as you ultimately have to decide who is going to be disappointed. The premise is that you go around the house observing the family, listening to their thoughts and examining their memories to find out what they desire. At the end of the day you will 'whisper' to the father as to what actions to take. Play cautiously and you will have the opportunity to compromise for another character but still the fact remains that you just can't please everyone.That's the running theme. That ultimately you will have to disappoint someone. Depressing? Sure, but engaging as I found myself (a husband and father of two) able to relate to some of the plot elements if not literally than on a metaphorical level which drew me in.  You can burn through this game in 1.5 hours, but you'll be checking the box on what to do rather than getting invovled in the story or its characters.There's room for improvement sure, but if I'm going to score this as a $15 game then I'll give it a 7/10 only because I was a bit thrown off at my first playthrough resutling in such a tragic ending I found it a bit extreme considering the life choices I made to get there."
,Recommended,245150,8483274,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,bvwman,"Pretty cool game, your decisions actually make a difference."
,Recommended,245150,8487985,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Aeris,"A great ""game"" with important choices leading to real different endings (not like in Walking Dead) - every choice matters.It's more a story than a game, I think the majority of you have already found out. You walk around the house and have to find notes for the husband, the wife and the son, and then decide whose wish to fulfill. In the night, you can fulfill one additional wish as a compromise, and then the outcome is presented. This is repeated 8 times (so 9 times in total, divided into 3 months).The voice acting was very nice to me, and I liked how the game challenged me with the ultimate choice between ""myself, my love and my child"". Moreover, it was interesting to me that chosing a compromise in the night (aka 2nd wish fullfilling) could diminish the primary wish I granted before.Example:a) Let the wife's parents come to visit.b) Let the son's friend come to visit to play.c) Let the husband's friend come to visit to work on the book.If you choose a) as primary wish and b) as secondary wish, it will be told that the parent's visit was not so great since the two boys were very loud and disturbed the others a little. So even that makes a difference.Played the game 3 times since I was so excited to learn what happens when I a) only concentrate on woman & boy and b) only concentrate on myself."
76561198123217376,Recommended,245150,8943040,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ThatOneBitchIsBack,"This game is rather creepy... I wasnt expecting that you could be this sort of light posessing stalker creature from the shadows, but I believe that the story line is written pretty well and I like how you fit all the pieces together little by little."
76561198002977662,Not Recommended,245150,8685832,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,excelgeo,"The concept is great and the game is simple enough.It does make you consider how you divide your time in your own life, which is more than you can ask from an independent game, although, if we are honest, The Sims more than covered this a lot earlier.The novelist reminded me of the first Assassin's Creed in the way that the story was good but the tasks were so mind numbingly repetitive that it was a bit of a pain after you got the hang of it, even in stealth mode.Great concept and a very interesting game but it is way too simple, way too linear and incredibly monotonous after a bit.I hope it makes sense to say that even though I am happy I experienced such a game, I am not able to recommend it.."
,Recommended,245150,13487051,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MagmaPants,"I loved every single minute of this game.The thought of always making someone unhappy made the game much harder and more challenging, which I liked. I kinda went into this thinking 'oh this game looks all right but i reckon it will be crap' After playing only 2 chapters I fell in love with this game in instantlyoverall an amazing game.11/10 - Would play again."
76561198028867550,Recommended,245150,13453665,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,figueroa.irving,"I think this title is more important for the potentialities it creates and the horizons it illuminates than for its individual greatness. Overall, the game delivers the desired emotional effect but some of the weaknesses in character development make it difficult to fully engage with some aspects of the narrative. The game would have benefitted from a little more backstory. Ultimately, the game is a great vehicle for reflecting on one's own decisions and priorities as well as broader matters like family, career, and (maybe) freedom.The game revolves around a family's three-month retreat. Dan, the main character, is an author who is negotiating the demands of family life and the challenges of creative work. Similarly, his wife, Linda, who is herself a painter, struggles to balance life as a mother and wife with her desire to develop her artistic career. Lastly, Tommy, is Linda and Dan's child. He is mostly occupied by the preoccupations of any average child: the desires to make friends, please his parents, and to explore new possibilities. The player's task is to make decisions, through Dan, that try to take into account everyone's priorities.The Novelist is more narrative than gameplay. Yet, unlike other games in the same spirit, the Novelist does attempts to integrate gameplay into the narrative by offering the player the option of whether they will engage with the narrative on a ""story"" mode or a ""game mode."" The game mode requires that a player stealthily navigate the house while finding clues to progress the story. Exposing one's self to the family may cause story options  and decisions regarding how the family should proceed to dissappear. Alternatively, playing in story mode removes the elements of stealth and gameplay, allowing players to focus solely on developing the story and unlocking as many options for developing the story as available. The developers did a good job of integrating traditional elements of gameplay with the newly-developing narrative style.The Novelist does a good job of capturing the impact that apparently mundane decisions can have on the present and future lives of individuals. Nevertheless, the narrative has some weaknesses particularly in the development of Tommy's character. Unlike Dan and Linda, whose career and family challenges feel more genuine from the start of the game, Tommy's concerns do not feel as important until later in the game when he is dealing with his relationship to his father, friends at school, and academic success. I think the writers could have done better by emphasizing the relationship between Tommy and Dan from the beginning and developing his psychological status in the same way that the writers did with Dan and Linda. Ultimately, Tommy's character is a weakness and not a flaw. I don't get the sense that the writters didn't try to make a complex character, only that the complexities did not emerge as successfullly as those of the other characters.Overall, I found the game to be worthwhile. The novel approach of the game made it a useful platform for reflecting on my own priorities in life as well as broader philosophical questions. To the extent that players approach this game as a reflexive experience, I think the Novelist will find a special place in your gaming heart."
,Recommended,245150,8211867,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MagyarMike,"Been following this one since it came to green light, it seemed interesting back then and is everything I hoped for. If you're a fan of story driven games then this one is a must have. For alot of gamers this story can really touch home. Sit back, grab a beer (or soda/water if you're not 21) and enjoy a great piece of storytelling."
76561198079434798,Recommended,245150,8000648,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cotton,"When I first picked up this game I was very unsure about it, especially for a Let's Play but I went with it anyway. After the 1st chapter I found myself already getting wrapped up in the game. You truly become a part of the family and really bond with them in a way. You begin to feel attached to the characters, some more than others. To make this easy, I'm going to break down the game into a few parts...Gameplay-While gameplay isn't a huge part of this game it is cool how you can jump from light to light and sometimes they turn off certain ones to make it harder. It is also cool how if you choose the ""Stealth"" difficulty you have to be careful to stay out of the families sight so you don't scare them and blow your cover. Going through peoples memories and finding certain interactions they had done previously was a very interesting concept as well that was executed rather well. There are also clues for each family member around the house that shows what they want. After you find out what each family member wants, you can choose one to be the priority and then you can choose one more of the family members wants and leave them, sort of happy. The 3rd family member... well they're not the happiest people in the world. The game could get a little repetitive sometimes I must say.Style-The game is beautiful in its own kind of way. I really like the cartoon look it has with it. I feel like it fits the game very well.Voice acting-The voice acting was very good and seemed to fit each member of the family rather well. You could always sense emotion in the persons voice which really helped you figure out what was going on with them and what they wanted.Story-The story was absolutely amazing. It made up 100% for the repetitiveness of the game. The story brought me in so much that I forced myself to beat the whole game today. It gives you a lot of hard choices to make. It shows that no matter what you do there will always be consequences. The message, ""You can't make everyone happy is very strong in this game."" The choices you make can also tell a lot about yourself which can be a little scary at times.Length-The game is not very long. After I explored everything and completed the story line I had about 6 hours logged. I would say for the $15 price tag, it's well worth it!There's so much more I could praise this game about. There were very limited downfalls with this game and overall the story made it well worth it. I would give this game a....7/10-Luke"
,Recommended,245150,13537689,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Erinkyan,"This game is as if Gone Home and The Shining had a baby and that baby was raised in a warm hearted, realistic, well grounded home.  LOVELY.  Simple and well polished.  A good difficulty curve too - I found early decisions easy but by the end was struggling to prioritize my choices. The stealth aspect is also very fun gameplay if you need something more than just the exploration and story."
,Recommended,245150,33633455,Posted: 18 July,all,TheAmazingBlaze,it's fun but not worth $15.00. i would buy it on sale.
76561198348766587,Not Recommended,245150,33010192,Posted: 29 June,all,hanban,"I was really excited about this game since the reviews are mostly ""Very Positive"" but it was very lackluster & downright boring.  I kept waiting for SOMETHING to happen. But nothing ever did. I felt like there would be a twist or something (like in ""Gone Home"") but after Googling realized I didn't miss anything. That was all the game had to offer.The process of finding the ""clues"" and learning more about the players was also repetitive and became tedious. Everything about this game was dull.Luckily, I only paid $2.99 but overall, it felt like  a colossal waste of time."
,Recommended,245150,9790446,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Koobazaur,"On the whole, a pretty enjoyable and well polished title for the fans of story-based, exploratory and choose-your-own-adventure type games. Not sure if i'd pick it at full price but it's a good deal while on sale.Things I Liked:* Dans struggles REALLY resonated with me, reminding me of periods working on my first indie game, and now the second* I found myself sometimes choosing one person's resolution even if I rooted for another character, because I thought this path would actually help them moreOn the downside:* The gameplay gets a bit repetitive quickly, looking for the same clues in similar places in the same house over and over and over. Tho I can see how that is subliminally part of the message.* While I enjoyed the ride and occasional unexpected twists, I felt most of the outcomes were very predictable, and pretty much knew where things were going before I even made the choices. A somewhat archetypal themes. Would've enjoyed a bit more unexpected results."
76561198058002503,Not Recommended,245150,35307377,Posted: 29 September,all,pouletmachin,"Unfortunately, I don't recommend this game. Though the basic idea is charming, it is so redundant. I was expecting something compelling, a psychological thriller in which you have to draw conclusions from details and behaviours. But no, the characters barely interact with each other, you just wander in the house, finding letters, journals and notes in order to find out what are their struggles, you read their memories to discover what they are longing for, and then you propose a solution. Either way, someone is unhappy. My story didn’t end so well, in fact. Even if I did try to help them!"
76561198175093434,Not Recommended,245150,30143899,Posted: 24 February,all,The Wu Kong,"The idea behind the game is good but the writing is poor, the animations are average and the textures are from the 90's. Wouldn't recommend."
76561198087761363,Recommended,245150,22701903,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Damoisme,"In my first playthrough I wrote a novel that was so good it instantly became part of the American literary canon, enjoyed a passionate and sexually charged life with my wife, and screwed up my son so badly that he was doomed to a miserable life of crappy jobs and few friends.I think I got the good ending."
,Recommended,245150,12738521,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,TheAsian,This game is ABSOLUTELY fantastic!  I really don't know what else to say besides that.  Quite a moving game.  I recommend this to everyone.  The price is a steal!
76561198047628270,Recommended,245150,8008390,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Derds,good game
,Not Recommended,245150,9779855,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,phinky,Utterly boring.
,Recommended,245150,8590013,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Rum Monkey,"The game feels good. You don't neccesarily connect with one of the characters but you come to understand them all. They never allow you to make the right decision in this game either, you just make A decision. It's fun seeing where the story goes and when I first played through, I was wondering whether the choices I made would be for better or worse. The end showed me that my choices were niether."
76561197997926901,Recommended,245150,14003736,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,binglejinkies,"This is a great story, although I think it may be slightly pricey for what you get. Yes, I like the different outcomes you can get from this, but if you're someone that likes to skip dialouge and does not like to read, this is absolutely not for you. The mechanics are really repeptitive, and it is really easy not to get ""caught"", even in the hardest mode. This is less of a skill-based game, and moreso a game based around character development. There are more action packed, engaging games out there for the money, but this isnt a bad game for someone who is looking for something different. I am having fun though :DJustifying the price though, that might be a little tricky. As this review is written, the price stands at 14.99 USD"
76561198063789608,Recommended,245150,12419649,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ansem990,"When I first started to play ""The Novelist"" I did not expect to develop a connection to the characters and their stories. The gameplay was very unique and I enjoyed being able to view each character's thoughts and memories while having to hide from them (although I started off in Story Mode, I decided Stealth Mode would be a lot more fun). While there technically are no ""wrong"" or ""right"" decisions, I couldn't help but find myself to choose the more, erm, ""sound"" ones. But either way, depending on what you do, the story changes and I really enjoyed that. The extra stories of the previous tennats were a nice addition. I found myself at the end of the timeline almost in tears and that is a good thing. I've only done one full playthrough, and the fact that there are so many different choices to make with so many different outcomes makes me glad to have purchased this game. I would definitely recommend it."
76561198033382445,Recommended,245150,8917707,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Novalex,"Great story. I can't call this game a ""game"" because there is much more in it. This is the first and maybe the only story which I put myself into. I struggle a lot when facing the problems and choices. I feel happy or sad for the outcomes of my choices. I sit in my chair and think for a lot time after I finish the game. I am thinking: ""What if that IS me? What would I choose?"" My best thank to the creator of the story."
,Not Recommended,245150,8237938,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jessykar,Slow game which sometimes felt tedious but the decisions you are forced to make are interesting challenges. Not a very long game.
,Recommended,245150,8007736,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,aikawarei,"The Novelist reminds me of a Stephen King book in that there is an ending. The conflict is resolved, but the resolution isn't always one that sits well with the reader. In this case, I found myself towing the line. Trying to make everyone happy (as is my curse) and I deemed my own ending to be satisfactory, if not a bit melancholy. I have no doubt that my ending would be better or worse for others and that's what really makes this game enjoyable. Watching the story unfold, wondering if you made the right choices and then going back again and playing to see if a different choice would have made a difference. Since the game presents the sequences out of order, each choice really is unique. In real life, you're stuck wondering if a certain path would have lead you to something greater. In The Novelist, you can explore those own questions about your life through the Kaplans. In a nice, safe environment that can be turned off when the questions start to bug you. At least, I did."
,Recommended,245150,8381446,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,space is the place,This game is good and requires alot of logical thinking to make everyone happy :3 But the AI is kind of weird at times
76561198105222660,Recommended,245150,8433122,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,dschmidt635,its a littl confusing but it is really interesting
76561198036382774,Recommended,245150,8323957,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Seisan9,Great game.
,Recommended,245150,8286044,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Baldwin IV de Anjou,"Yes, I recommend this game.It has an art style similar to a Telltale Game, but the story is unique. I'm only halfway through this game and I'm already loving."
,Recommended,245150,8358407,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gean,"A very thought provoking title. You must make decisions in order to maintain a happy marriage, family and try and produce a book to advance your career. While this is an excellent idea for a game it lets you down in a few moments along the way especially in regards to its rigid structure of the choices. There is no room for compromises it is all dealt in absolutes which is rather unfair but In the gaming world that is all that matters. The game is a bit slow and the controls are a bit unresponsive and feel laboured.The themes explored in this game are worth a look."
,Recommended,245150,8733655,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Jimbo_Yokimbo,"I played the first month (4 levels) of this game and so far it isn't bad. The gameplay is a little lacking (more on that later) but the story is superb, and I found myself caring for these characters more thancertain dead relatives of minemost characters in any other game (the obvious exception being Thomas Was Alone). I went into it knowing the basic concept of the game (being able to read thoughts, jump between light fixtures, and having to find out how to make each of the Kaplans happy), and I was mostly right. However, I was also expecting to have to pay attention to the story,  having to work out what each character wants and how to get it for them. The game is a bit hand-holdey when it comes to that.For instance, in the first chapter, you have to get Dan his notebook, Linda a bottle of wine, and Tommy a board game. These things were not at all mentioned in any of the clues, and yet when I found the clues, I was able to read the minds of the characters and find out.The game is good, but it sometimes feels like a 3D, stealthy eye spy game. However, if you can get past that and are just in it for the story, this game may be worth a buy.If you liked this, you may also like:Thomas Was AloneGone HomeThe Stanley ParablePortal seriesTrine seriesThe Binding of IsaacCapsizedLittle InfernoPapers, Please"
,Recommended,245150,9027782,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,/id/serenityserene,"This game is extremely powerful in multiple ways that move the player into having personal connections with the game itself. You fall into the lives of Dan, Linda, and Tommy Kaplan; each with different personalities and goals. You have to figure out how to juggle three things: releasing your novel, maintain your relationship with your partner, and be the best father you can be. How can one simply do that? This all relates to life... We all go through stuff like this and have to make sacrifices. Dan's sacrifices can affect either Linda or Tommy and could have its own consequence. This game will personally touch you in its own way. I'd fully recommend this game because of the fact that it isn't really about having fun; but learning something about our lives and families and how the choices we make can bring the best or worst out of us or the others. Please obtain your own copy of this game, now."
76561198107926613,Recommended,245150,8166685,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sumpsausage,Absolutely love this game. Very interesting and well done. Really enjoy choosing my own path on how the situation is tackled.
,Recommended,245150,8159011,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,drainpip,Interesting game that has some really tough choices... you can't win.
76561198009397613,Recommended,245150,8176188,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tarago,"This game is wonderful. It's mature and compelling and made me feel things I never normally feel when playing games: stressed, regretful, uneasy. Those words may make it sound like The Novelist is a bad experience but the opposite is true. This is an intensely rewarding game as you watch the consequences of the decisions you make play out.Due to its structure it has a high replayability factor. I'm already looking forward to another play through and seeing what will happen this time.A good soundtrack and an intersting look create a unique atmosphere and an environment that though small seems fully realised.The Novelist is stunning. Don't wait for a sale buy it now and enjoy."
76561198035871566,Recommended,245150,8174030,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Yr Mother,"Very hard game. But very fun,  This game is my break from TF2! it may not be a shoot em up but it's still a fun game were u get to help the family to a better life. 10+ and a rating of 8/10."
,Recommended,245150,8212819,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Hannah,"The Novelist is a wonderful game; it makes you think about the outcomes of every decision you make, and helps you see how your decisions affect others. It gives a variety of real-life issues and it's more often than not extremely difficult to prioritize."
76561198089852535,Recommended,245150,8215690,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gamer_Girl,"You should really get this game, it's worth the money in my opinion. Basically, the fate of this family is in your hands. There's a father (A writer stuggling to craete a good story), a mother (A painter trying to find time for their family to be together), and a son (A small boy with reading comprehension problems. You are the one who decides what happenes to them. Will you make the right choice for the best of all of them?"
76561198044846877,Recommended,245150,8495503,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Indexsonic,"Enjoyable, The Novelist puts you in hard choices from the start to the end, The game focuses on Dan Kaplan, a novelist struggling to write the most important book of his career while trying to be a husband and father having you pick who you want to help with Dan’s relationships with his his work, his wife, and his son. Novelist is gorgeous in it look and feel. If you want a change in your adventure games this maybe be the game you are looking for, if you not a fan of adventure this isn't for you."
,Recommended,245150,8526748,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,BNB82,"Think of yourself of a spirit or a similar entity that watches a family live their life and you make the big decisions, or at least you influence certain events. The consequences happen and you deal with it. That pretty much sums up The Novelist. If you like drama in your games and could live without violence, you will probably like this game."
76561198109324274,Recommended,245150,8528482,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,HuskieGear,"This game is pretty fun...You get to be a ghost (or what I like to say: a NICE slenderman ;)) and help a father, mother, and son to have a nice vacation.When you first start the game, I would recommend playing the tutorial. I didn't finish it yet, but the tutorial's pretty fun. It lets you go on and on for 3 (in-game) months. It gives us 3 thoughts from each character that you can chose from (who's thought you chose decides how that chapter ends).When you finish the last month, (I'm assuming) how you chose their thoughts will effect how their vacation went.HOPE YA PLAY IT! ;)"
76561198081009463,Recommended,245150,8383482,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Judas Da Dehctoor,"The Novelist is something I'd recommend, because of how intresting the game's feel is.  You are inside the Kaplan's life and you see what one book does to the family. Dan is a writer and moved to this house mostly to focus on his new novel. His wife, Linda, was considering divorce before they move in. And Tommy, their son, is a social butterfly who just wants to play with his father. Even if your thorough with a chapter, you can only influence Dan to do two goals (what he wants, what Linda wants, and what Tommy wants). This game is great and will have you think over what you chose long after you've already made your decision."
,Recommended,245150,8712179,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jeff-0,"The Novelist is an adventure/discovery type of game. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who like a good storyline and plot more than slashing some zombie's heads off.In each chapter of the game, you are faced with a major dilemna. If you choose to fufill a character's wish, you could upset the other members of the family. However, in each chapter, you can find a comprimise with one additional family member, but you're always going to upset one character.The story is deeply moving and even made me rethink some of my current relationships. It often left me craving for more.The over-all length of the game is about a 2 1/2 hours playthrough (if you're going fast) I took longer because I wanted to value each minute of it and explore everything the game has to offer.The price is a bit high in my opinion, and never went on sale in the 2013 blowout sale (sadness), but hey, if the developer wants to get rich off of this AMAZING game, more power to him! I think the price is well worth it just for the experience--OH! and did I mention those amazing graphics? Nothing overly-realistic, but easy on the eyes with it's 3D 'comic book' illustrations.Side notes:-Linda's (dan's wife) face does look a bit creepy if you get too close to her-I prefer playing in free-play mode (where you can't be seen)-This game is way too amazing to be developed by one person!-voice acting was magnificent!!-[Easter egg?] the meal-list on the fridge changes every chapter and left me laughingOverall rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,245150,8708369,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,stoat77,"Recommend, but it's a qualified one.  I really appreciate what this game is doing and I quite enjoyed its nonviolent stealth mechanic and its storyline.  The graphics were nice, the voice acting was good, the music was nice.. the whole thing was a little too ..nice.  The storyline was about making the tough decisions between career and family, something many of us find resonant, and there were no easy answers to some of the dilemmas presented.  Someone else compared it to the first Assassin's Creed and that's not too far off - a promising concept and core mechanic that needs a little more time to mature.Spoilers follow.  The player is a ghost but that entire plotline (via the journals visible only at night) did not resolve - am I K--- ? Or am I an older spirit that inhabits this house and K--- was a person that I drove to suicide?  Or redemption?  Have I as the ghost been haunting this house and helping the various visitors with their life problems since 1948?  Or earlier?  It's not made clear.  Maybe I missed a journal or two.  Considering how the other story beats were hammered home so repeatedly (including The World's Most Obvious Children's Drawings) this was needlessly obscure.My other problem also involves the storyline.  Sorry, it falls back a little too much on cliche for me to really get invested in the characters.  A struggling writer with an alcohol problem and an ambitious spouse feeling stymied is the stuff of a million short stories.  As soon as I saw that whiskey bottle on the kitchen counter I knew what I was in for.  It wrapped up a little neatly and yes, while I chose the best outcomes I could, I felt the story needed a little more drama and conflict.   Maybe I'll play it again but make the wrong choices.  Or go with Tommy's wishes every time.   Just to see what happens."
,Recommended,245150,8675822,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Dycerius,"I normally don't play these kind of games as I am not a story driven or emotionally driven gamer, but I decided to try it out since it was on sale this Christmas. I have to admit that this is the first time I have found such a game amazing and emotionally connected. It might be because I can relate to the Novelist as a writer where I am a indie game developer. The struggle of juggling family, friends, work and everything else all the while trying to meet deadlines and realize a passion and dream.So you play as a ""Ghost"" whos purpose is to ""help"" one of the three characters which the writer, his wife and their child. They are on vacation in ""your"" house. You explore their memory and observe their day to find clues to their problems and solutions. You can only pick one solution every chapter, which progresses the story and unfolds the tention between the family. Will the marriage break? Will he finish the book in time? Will the kid hate his father?As the ghost you move from light source to light source, you can flicker the light to create distractions and if you wish you can leave the light source and become more physically visible. But you can't be seen, if you get seen more then twice something happens.Similare games: Dream, Journey and Dear Esther.MINOR SPOILERS:Example of interesting mechanics: If you flicker the light too much and often, they will write to their rent owner that something is wrong with the light. And other stuff happens later depending on how you play and your choices.If you got seen they write in their diares about it and things happen there too.So I recommend this game if you want a different experience that is less game mechanic driven but more story/narrative and emotionally driven."
,Recommended,245150,12754782,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,DoctorOfLaws,"Great interactive story about normal real life struggles. I do not think this will resonate as much or feel as close to home for young or single folks, but for working parents the compromises and the choices the game present regarding competing priorities will feel very personal. I was 100% confident with my choices and ended up perfectly satisfied with the outcomes. I really felt like the game told ""my"" story in that sense."
,Recommended,245150,15875125,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Simon The Big Meme,This game show's you that bad choices can end in being good choices.
,Recommended,245150,8011638,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,The Ginger Beard Man,good
,Not Recommended,245150,29890121,Posted: 12 February,all,Melerrina,"A very limited,and a boring game,I dont recommend at all."
,Recommended,245150,9131381,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Deathtopong,It was an ok way to waste 2 hours for $9. Buy it on sale or don't buy it at all.
,Recommended,245150,8234738,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lui,"One of the most heart breaking games that weighs on the decisions you make, having the responsibility of taking care of your family at the same time pursuing your dreams. Sometimes sacrifcies must be made to help the people you love. <3"
,Not Recommended,245150,9662279,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,wonzo,It's like MGS but unfun.
76561198096847543,Recommended,245150,8413033,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Fabledkitsune,FFFFFFFFFFFEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSSSSS
,Recommended,245150,8369087,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,PicnicSkaNk,"Truly unique and special, it has a way of making you emotionally connected to the story and it will make you want to replay it for a different ending,though the game was rather short, overall it is a superb game, i truly reccomend this game for everywhone that wants a unique experience"
,Recommended,245150,8273677,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Jimbo1023,An interesting game that will make you feel like a horrible person.
,Recommended,245150,8345459,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Magzilla,"The Novelist digs down deep into the psyche of a family of three. Each person has worries, fears, doubts, hopes, and dreams. Yet, it's up to you to decide who gets what and when. Those decisions effect everyone, not just the three people in the house. You have to listen to the deepest secrets of their hearts and either help them come together through compromise, or achieve their individual dreams at the cost of alienation. The Novelist is a wonderfully written experience and I highly recommend it!"
76561198025192469,Recommended,245150,8322095,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,starved-for-help,A 68 on metacritic....suck it critics....number scores suck...this game is incredible. I highly encourage the experience that this game offers.
76561198055762608,Recommended,245150,8243527,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ortzz,"I remember seeing this game on steam greenlight and voting for it instantly. Very glad to see it now on steam because it is quite good.The Novelist is a game that is all about it's story. The game play is essentially walking around the main character Dan's house (or possesing light bulb to light bulb) and discovering what each person living in the house wants. Ultimately you get to decide the fate of the family and of the Novel that Dan is writing, and that is why the game works.Your desicions mattter. It's that simple, but you get to decide the course of the game and that was what made it fun for me (and play it twice). Do I want Dan to write a really good novel, family be damned? Ok, that's possible. Or I can get his family stronger than ever. Or just flat out ruin all of their lives. No matter what you choose to do, the game tells a good, realistic story with  consequences for your actions. Also it tells the story with a nice graphical style and eerie soundtrack.I reccomend this game, consider it on a sale or if you really like story driven games"
,Recommended,245150,8417092,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,P_Rico914,"I am loving this game so far, I'm 3 hours in and I can't wait to see will happen next."
76561198107407735,Recommended,245150,8387990,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CoffeeCat,"This game was well thought out and enjoyable. I found myself having some difficulties on making certain decisions, so kudos to Kent Hudson (creator). I had fun playing this, and will go through it at least once more."
,Not Recommended,245150,9322654,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Soee,I don't remember buying this game.
,Recommended,245150,8158405,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,AnnaMonday,I liked it!
76561198118375134,Not Recommended,245150,22132401,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Narrow,Very badly written.You actually don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your choices.
,Recommended,245150,9663563,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,I_Wear_Jackets (Hiatus),if u luv choice based games u will luv this. u ar a ghost and must make choices for the family each ending is differnt enjoy!
,Recommended,245150,21040010,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Grand Wizard Miller,Evan: the game
76561198211443484,Not Recommended,245150,25198315,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,scottdharris85,"I'm a pompous, arrogant, intellectual. I thought this game would be right up my alley. Boring."
,Not Recommended,245150,8012699,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,attackjimmy,The most depressing gave I've ever played.
76561197989591609,Recommended,245150,9813565,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Captain Slingshot,"Very good story. Very sad, or happy depending on your choices. Either way, it is remarkably well written."
,Recommended,245150,9830431,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Kenny Log-ins,"If you liked Gone Home, you might like this even more. Really fascinating story and characters. Each person's aspirations and fears are down-to-earth yet compelling. It was beyond difficult to make the choices it asked of me, I just wanted to figure out a way to make everyone happy. Games Are Art Y'all"
,Recommended,245150,9856685,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Warlach,"Absolutely brilliant. Love it.I'm not sure it's a game, as such, but exploring the lives of Dan, his wife and his kid and then making the hard decisions to influence their lives is really engaging."
,Recommended,245150,9956302,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Andchan,"Awesome game! Love to play it, very insightful. Gonna make some fanart!"
,Recommended,245150,9953161,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,nominanescio,"While I understand the problems some might have with this game, I thoroughly enjoyed it, and being forced to choose between such hard things, and trying to balance three hard decisions... Compromises are something I rely no heavily in daily life, so the bigger meaning behind this game really hit home for me.It can get a little repetetive after a while - you do the same thing every day, pretty much - if you can get yourself interested in the story and the characters, it's absolutely worth it.Have to admit it might not be for everyone, but I do recommend it, if you like your games story driven."
76561198114107871,Not Recommended,245150,9864083,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Avian,"It's an interesting concept, but I didn't find it very fun to play. It's certainly not a game you go to after a hard day.Chapters get repetitive and waiting for the family members to move out of the way quickly gets boring as well. Neither the story nor the graphics were captivating enough to make me play it again and see other endings of the story."
,Recommended,245150,9898863,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,mondayRain(),"Following the successes of games like Gone Home and Actual Sunlight, The Novelist is another one of those games that will make traditional gamers question whether or not it actually is a game. A huge fan of exploratory/narrative games, however, I did enjoy my 3-4 play-throughs of the game. It doesn't capture the voyeuristic feel quite as fully as Gone Home and doesn't have a story quite as deeply touching as Actual Sunlight; rather, The Novelist falls somewhere between the two as a somewhat memorable, very relatable, and surprisingly touching experience as a voyeur into regular family life. It's a decent game, and although it certainly isn't mind-blowing, it has enough to be worth a play or two.You play as a spectre living in a house that the Kaplan family decides to move into for a summer. Essentially, you ""ghost"" around the house, reading minds and notes, and help the father (the Novelist) make decisions regarding his family. There really isn't much in the way of gameplay (other than a half-hearted and arguably useless stealth option), so the game could be seen as somewhat of a modern Choose-Your-Own-Adventure novel. Where the game shines is how sincerely and authentically the writing in the game reads: in fact, by the end of a playthrough, you really do care about what happens to the relationship between the mother and the father. It's because of this emotional investment that I found myself playing the game through several times, wanting to find out what would happen to the mother if I did this, or that.Of course, while The Novelist did manage to get me emotionally invested (which, admittedly, is not a difficult task), it does fall short on a few too many things to be considered a memorable or truly laudable game. Off the top of my head, the game failed terribly at getting the audience to care about the child, the ""stealth"" mechanic was almost laughable and mostly obstructive, and several playthroughs of the game would reveal the endings to be somewhat shallow. Most importantly however, where the game could have been fantastic in its realism, it ended up backing itself into a corner by trying a little too hard. The problems Dan Kaplan faces that summer are very real, but by stressing that ""the decisions Dan made that summer would come to define his life"" (or something similar), The Novelist almost invites cynicism and throws away any chance it could have had at feeling truly authentic.All in all, The Novelist is a decently good game for what it tries to be. Although nobody is likely to remember it a few years from now, it's a promising first foray into narrative indie game development for Kent Hudson."
,Recommended,245150,9889708,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Funnel_Spider,"Great story with lots of possible outcomes. Interesting to play a game that revolves around human being's emotional choices. Also lots of clever interaction design. The stroy is strong but is sometimes clunky, however, I did feel real emotion by the end."
,Recommended,245150,9763993,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,EdgyClumsyFag95,"As much as I hate to say, it has let me down a bit although I was not all disappointed. It still has some good things in the game.The game length was terribly short. I finished the game at only close to 2 hours and buying this game at about $10 does not seem to be all that reasonable (That is the discounted price. The original was close to $20 in SGD) and the gameplay becomes repetitive: Find clues for each character's desires, make a decision, see the outcome and then repeat again. It gets more boring and despite attempts to make things slightly more exciting, it only gives way to 1 or 2 intense moments.Despite that, the story line is extremely flexible. The story is right below, in the description. The rest of the story is pretty much in your own hands. Each decision will even make the character's thoughts or insights different and has the possibility of impacting the ending.What it does good as well as that it is impossible to balance the time and sacrifice is a need. When you make a decision, you affect others in a bad way. It actually forces you to keep questioning if whatever the character is doing is so important and whether another event is more important than the other. You will find yourself spending time on one of them and yet all at the same time, forsaking relationships.3.8/5 It's most unfortunate that the game's story cannot hold out the repetitiveness of the game and the length or it might have been better :/ Until the, get this game only at a discounted price. 75% discount would be better."
76561198025700061,Recommended,245150,9794522,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,snorre_fjellvang,"Its a ok game to pass some time.  But not verry fun,groundbreaking or mindwakening in anny way(at least for me).You take mundane but important choises for a family father,,like real life decisions.You have to prioritize;- yourself/the novell or- Your wife(that is a mix of mather for here own painting carer ,yourself and the kid)- Your kid/school and reading problems12 chapters each ending in a choise(and if youre not seen) and a compromise(extra choise with less focus on it)And it all effects the other issues in the game as well, your wifes job, kid and mariage problems ect.Not being able to sleep and intruiged by the idea. I bought this game and found it somewhat entertaining and like i had a impact.. though a somewhat boring story i still wondered at the outcome.I played trough it once, taking my time exploring the story. I probably wont play it ower ,, but i asume there are a number of twists on the story."
,Recommended,245150,8931530,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,arrowofprogress,"This game is good, has an awesome story line. I like the simpleness of it, I also like the fact that it is different then most other games. Thank you."
76561197992776413,Recommended,245150,9514350,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,?? ??,it is one of the best games I have played in a long timefantastic Story!!!!!!!!
76561198010299815,Recommended,245150,9557059,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,George W. Bush,"If you are into games with rich dialog and extremely hard decisions to make, sign yourself up. I found myself in highly emotional states of sadness and joy throughout the game. Just when you think you have done everything right so far, you make a decision that seems unimportant but actually unravvels everything. If you cry easily, you'll have a bad time."
,Not Recommended,245150,9585880,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Smorpheus,"I regret writing this review, as I was really hoping the Novelist, which got a ton of main stream attention, was a worthy entry in the line of ""slice of life"" poetic games like Dear Esther and Gone Home.Unfortunately, where both Dear Esther and Gone Home have something interesting to say about both games and life, The Novelist flounders and gets lost in a sea of ""first world problems"" that makes it hard to empathize with any of the characters.From a gameplay perspective, the game is boring, symetical, and repetitive.  After finishing the first chapter, you'll be amazed by the potential.  By chapter three, you'll realize you're caught in a gameplay loop of boredom: Find three clues for each of the three characters until you complete each of the three chapters of each of the three episodes.  Yes, that is boring game design.Real Life doesn't work in threes.  So, the family feels compartmentalized, fake and droning.  Unfortunately, where the game could have excelled is with allowing your choices to have meaningful effects on the gameplay paths.Unlike The Walking Dead, this game is self-contained, so it would have been much more realistic to have a few branches based on player decisions.Unforutnately all of the ""branches"" are just props placed around the house and a simple follow up letter or picture on the next day after your decision.  Ultimately, there's a recap at the end of the game which crams your decisions into three (that number again) binary ""good"" or ""bad"" results.Ultimately, this game had a lot of potential.  The base format would be a great idea for a scenario where something interesting happens.  White Patriarch trying to decide whether he should drink whiskey or build his son's car is not interesting.   At least not in the way it's presented here.Thumbs down, unfortunately."
76561198065211781,Recommended,245150,9594485,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,MickyMyFriend,It was very good. I really liked the gamemacanics and plots of the story. I also injoyed the brach of choices the game gives you
76561198126124299,Recommended,245150,9759141,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Holy Spirit,Amazing. Only word I can think of that describes this game. F*cking amazing.
76561198044517599,Recommended,245150,9218751,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,WarHeadDG,"A great balancing act between one's dreams and obligations. True to life, the conflicts that arise between a man and his family cause a sense of gravity and depth for every decision and, more importantly, omission.I personally recommend playing in Story mode before trying ""stealth"" mode. That way you can soak yourself in the narrative and not worry about being stealthy.Highly recommended for people who are drawn to narrative driven games like Stanley Parable, Gone Home, The Walking Dead and Dear Esther."
,Recommended,245150,9304772,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,iskernel,"An unique and interesting game, but somehow I expected more from it. Overall, it's worth buying if you like adventure games."
,Recommended,245150,9149440,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,nutmeg3,"This is a beautiful game, but sadly, it is very short. I don't think my time is right on the site. I bet I played it for three hours, four hours tops. I don't regret purchasing it at all (on sale for $8 or $9), but I was surprised by how quickly the story ended. For some reason, I expected to continue on with the family at the new home.Beautiful, poetic, imaginative game. I hope they release a new story."
,Recommended,245150,9252975,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,jkittrell94,One of the best video game stories I've played in a while.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,245150,8689271,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Hone-Onna,"Very sweet and empathy-inducing. Towards the end, you really want the family to stay together and be happy."
76561197970746108,Recommended,245150,9069077,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,richy.wood,"Charming little game. Very absorbing. I enjoyed watching their lives unfold and having a hand in the decisions they make. I ended up getting a very pleasing result to all the decisions, which I was very proud of considering that none of the choices were easy, because you want fulfill all their desires in each chapter. For those who don't want to spend all their time ""twitch"" shooting everything that moves in the face, this is for you."
76561198039884251,Recommended,245150,9124463,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,CheeseFace,"A slick little indie number, with an emotionally complex core, that forces you to make realistic decisions and live with the consequences - all while remaining hidden from the family. Fantastic blend of story telling and decision making."
,Recommended,245150,9130319,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ohnoapirate,This is one of the best and most difficult games I have ever played. I actually cried my own tears at the end. I cannot recommend this game more highly.
76561198042650030,Recommended,245150,9139629,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,MF Doom,"deep, excellent, the place where quality meets feelings."
,Recommended,245150,9145735,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Fermi,"I wouldn't call this a game -- it's not even a Visual Novel.  The Novelist has simlarities to Gone Home and To The Moon in that on the surface it appears to be a game, but it's really not.  Real life is never as simple as the binary choices the user is expected to make in this plot and many people will feel quite frustrated and disatisfied with the limited possibilities.  That being said, I still enjoyed it.  I for one had mostly forgotten about what it was like to be a 6 year old child, and this narrative provided interesting insight.If you are looking for short diversion that will tug at your heartstrings, check it out."
,Recommended,245150,9146751,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Lord_Sunday123,"♥♥♥♥♥man . . .This game requires you to think a lot, and it does kinda reveal things about yourself. It really draws you in."
,Recommended,245150,9883133,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Leon,"While ""The Novelist"" isn't a big game with all the flash, spit and polish of a big time game. It has a depth that most of the big games just cannot obtain.You play a ""Ghost"" who's only objective is to follow and learn about a family (Dan, Julia and Tommy) throughout their summer holiday. In doing so, you will learn about their wants and needs, through notes, diaries and by reading their minds. Then you have to make a choice about which option you wish to follow and by doing so, you impact the families life beyond the summer.I bought and played this game for the story and in doing so I found it a worthwhile play. Definitely worthy of the two awards it almost won, but sadly didn't.I do love how there is a comprimise option available, it allows you to give a quarter (i think) of ""Dans"" time to someone else without impacting the main choice (I'm glad it dosen't split it 50/50).The ending I enjoyed, as it actually took into account the choices I had made throughout the course of the game and actually does tell you what everyone did with their lives post ""Ghost"" interferenceThe only things I had annoyances with about the game were first of all, Tommy's drawing (In his head). Even after I had spent a whole day doing what he wanted and another two days of a compromise it didn't change, he just seems to feel a little distant with Dan if you're not with him 24/7 (which may be what they learned after researching how children react to certain things, If so, I apologise to the creators).The other annoying thing was Dans doors. In one mission I chose an option, which made Dan close his doors to work on his book. The part about this that annoyed me was that you can't walk through the doors, or jump to another light to bypass it, you're stuck waiting for him to come out and let you in. Or if you're unlucky you end up stuck in there waiting five minutes for him to open the door. Not a big one, just time consuming and slightly annoying.To sum it up:Pros++ A story that makes sense and is fun to experience+ Character interactions that are very believable+ Nice charming music+ A Branching story that effects the whole game (maybe only in subtile ways)+ Controls are simple (Only w,a,s,d for movement and space and e for interactions)Cons-- No action or excitement, just a nice story.- The models aren't amazingly graphic (but really, they didn't have to be)- What people think in their heads about a situation are silly and sometimes foolish (but isn't that something all humans share)Total Score = 9.5/10To conclude, I would recommend this game highly to anyone who enjoys a good story or an interactive story. My only negative that I can think of when recommending ""The Novelist"" is the price tag, $15 is a huge amount of money for a game that lasts no longer than possibly 2 hours. I would like to suggest that if the creators are reading these reviews, that they drop the price to maybe $10 or even $5. A little low I know and possibly stupid you may think, but sales will go down unless your prices do too, just a suggestion.Other than that, beautiful game, beautiful story.And FYI, yes my writing isn't the best and neither is my grammer, you don't need to tell me :P"
,Not Recommended,245150,9974666,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,rpundurs,"This game clocks in at just shy of 2 hours. Most of that time is spent crawling all over the same map, over and over again, searching for ""clues"" while trying not to get detected by the humans. In nine chapters, you will search one single confined map as many as 36 times for roughly 135 clues - and that's the entire game. You find 135 bits of trash and make nine decisions, choosing each time from six possible alternatives. That is the entire ""game;"" much like To The Moon, this is a visual novel, not anything a normal person would describe as a game. Frankly, I don't see why this has gotten such accolades.The execution is plodding to say the least; when I said most of your time will be spent ""crawling"" over the map, I wasn't kidding - the player's movement speed is agonizingly slow; learning to blink most effectively from one light fixture to the next is necessary just to pick up the pace a little.As one tabletop gamer's wife once observed, ""it's twenty minutes of fun packed into four hours."""
76561198094491423,Recommended,245150,9982688,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,ZDH513,The Novelist is one of those games that helps you think more than you should not about the mechanics but about the decisions you make. In the game you play a ghost who tries to reconcile the issues of the familiy evenly and in hopes that they end up all well. I found myself thinking at the end of the game why i chose to neglect the child so much and whether that reflects my personal priorities in life. Overall The Novelist is a great game that i recommend.
,Recommended,245150,9984890,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,The Mighty If,"The Novelist is an original and refreshing idea in storytelling slightly imperfectly executed, but still well worth playing. Coming out of the gate, it's an exhilarating storytelling experience that really gets you engage in the game. The chief issue is that the further you play, the more repetetive and almost rote the gameplay becomes. Add to that some fairly contrived-seeming conflicts of choice, and it falls a little short of the mark that it sets at its outset. However, that mark is so high that what you get instead is still a really worthwhile experience. Part of me wants to replay the game and see what different choices result in, but there's no way to do that quickly, so I'll have to wait until there's more time. I won't be surprised if I do some day return to it, though. If you have any interest at all in unique gameplay and game-based storytelling on a personal level (dealing with ordinary people's lives rather than having to guide the Chosen One to defeat the Emperor of All Evil), then you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,245150,13801111,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Thorens666,"Excellent storytelling with just enough interactivity to keep you going.Would have liked a bit more chances in the mechanics throughout the game, but all in all I was completely immersed in the story, which I guess was the point of it all."
76561198073752264,Recommended,245150,13795517,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dragonstar98,"The game's minimalist art stole my heart from the moment I saw it. Not only is it easy on the computer- its simply wonderous on your eyes. The entire concept behind the game is uniqe and refreshing. I'm rather tired of shooting zombies, nazis, or aliens.The ambiguity within the game makes the story entirely your own, which is beautiful. The characters are relatable- and I felt actual disappointment when I wasn't able to make all of them happy. It also told me quite a lot about who I was as a person and where my priorities lie. I can honestly say that a game has never done that for me since Shadow of the Colossus. I honestly don't want to replay the game with different choices- not because it was bad but because it would ruin my immersion.The game is overall beautiful, memorable, and fun.I don't have a lot of bad things to say about it- if anything at all other than that I was sad it was so short. Of course, it has a lot of replay value and I understand its shortness it not being a triple A title.I give it a 9.5/10 and highly recommend it for people who are looking for a more artistic and story-driven game."
76561198032267380,Recommended,245150,13736151,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ichinin,"Pretty cool idea, this is what interactive storytelling should be like. ""Dear Esther"" should take note of this."
76561198072020368,Recommended,245150,13736260,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DozerK,this is art at its finest!!!! love it 11/10
,Recommended,245150,13565330,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Robikscube,"Yes it is slow and very indie. But you love that otherwise you wouldn't be reading this. The novolost uses a rather cool mechanic where you go around a house collecting memories and information from letters or drawings. After that you can make a decission what will happen to the 3 inhabitants. A man who is writing a book (you can help him achieve that), his wife who to be happy demands time from him (which you can choose) OR there kid who wants attention from his dad aswel. If you play it write you can choose helping two persons. I really felt sorry for the person who i didn't pick every time and the fact that you can get a different outcome with every chapter makes it nicely replayable. Is it worth the 15 bucks? I don't think so. Should you get it for half or less in a sale. Yes you should. exploring the story on you own is just really nice just like it was with Gone Home. Just get gaming!"
,Recommended,245150,14615678,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Exo,"I am currently enjoying the game to the fullest and find that it has amazing replayablity to it as well, seeing as how you can always have a different outcome depending upon what you pick. I find that it's regular price of 15 is too much to ask, as well as it's sale price currently of 9. I say the game is worth atleast 7 bucks, But that's my personal take on it. I do recommend it to anyone who wants to kill time and also want to put to the test the desicions they would make if they had to choose between fixing your marrage, being a great dad or working on your career as a writer."
,Recommended,245150,13879889,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,stinger839,"It's a cool concept. It captured this interesting feeling of being a phantom, watching others live their lives and dropping hints into it. The big flaw is the boring story, which lacked any meaningful conflict or stakes. I kept waiting for the writer to get too drunk and hit the kid, or the kid to set something on fire, or the wife to pick up heroin as a hobby that could enhance her art. None of that happened. It was a mostly vacuous story of very insipid lives. The most interesting thing was that one weekend the writer guy's friends might drop in while the artist wife's parents were in town, possibly down on their luck; the kid wanted to have a sleepover, too. I couldn't find how I could pick all of these to happen, so I went with the wife's parents stopping by, with the guy's friends on the side. The friends didn't come and the parents were pleasant, apparently loaded too. At least the snorefest happen offscreen. What a flaming giftbasket of upper middle class defecation. It's basically a fantasy game for poor writers who need a little wish fulfillment. I don't know if I should recommend it of not. Okay, I recommend it to people who like boring and bland stories."
76561198059055572,Recommended,245150,14413181,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Crosis,"This was a fun choose-your-own-adventure game. While it was very simple and quite short, I became attached to the characters. I did feel that the choices I was making mattered in the outcome of the game.If I was to play this again, I feel I would get a different final solution."
,Recommended,245150,14433689,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,SugarDady,"The Novelist is a game where you need patient, and for the first time you are the one who scares. I both it as a hunch and believe me was the best hunch ever!"
,Recommended,245150,15935536,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Pedro,"The Novelistis a tricky game to review: what it lacks in gameplay and challenges to the player, it achieves in character building, brilliant originality and immersion. Don’t expect puzzle solving, first-person acrobatics or to put your skills to the test, because with this one you’re just a friendly ghost trying to emend the Kaplan’s lives. So, relax and enjoy the ride whileThe Noveliststory brings to light important family and relationship issues. All this, through a lovely game."
,Recommended,245150,16109772,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Kasraz,"Big choices are beautifully weaved into the story. There is a realistic nature to the choices that capture major trade offs in life, demonstrated by negative immediate consequences, but as with life the choices are working towards more long term goals. This game teaches you not to lose sight of the bigger picture, which makes those unpleasant trade offs more palatable."
,Recommended,245150,16429282,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ThatPazuzu,It's a little rough around the corners but it offers tough choices and great atmosphere
76561198106025646,Not Recommended,245150,16246784,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,TheVGMole,"The Novelist is a game that wears the title ""art game"" proudly. The game is short, and can be beaten in about 2 hours, though you're intended to replay through the game if you don't get the best ending (which I got my first try). It's an interesting concept for a game. You play as a ghost that inhabits a summer beach house, as you watch the lives of a novelist and his family unfold over the course of the summer. Your job is to sneak unseen through the house and find various clues about what each family member wants to do for the chapter. You can only pick one of the three options, though at night if you succesfully remained unseen through the day time, you're allowed to pick a compromise option for another member as well.While the game does succesfully avoid the label of walking simulator, the truth is the game play really isn't all that fun. It's insanely easy to remain undeteced through every chapter, making the stealth elements not really matter all that much, and in fact you can even turn off detection in the options menu without any sort of penalty as far as I can tell. Despite controversies surrounding Gone Home, that game at least had a sense of exploration which added a little bit to the game play. Here, there's really nothing. The house is a small two story house with nothing really to explore, or find.The games biggest down fall is that you don't really don't end up caring about the characters. There's nothing incredibly interesting about them, and most of the game consists of them complaining about their lives, or another member of the family. Since you can only choose up to 2 of the 3 options given to you on any given night, this means one is always going to be dissapointed. The only real strategy is just to get on a rotation of selecting each family members option every 3 days, so you can somewhat please everyone. There's no big complicated moral questions that you have to weigh before selecting one such as games by Tell Tale. Here the decisions are rather inane, such as, "" should the dad play a board game with his son, or should he spend the night writing a bit of his novel?""If this sounds exciting to you I recommend picking the game up when it's on sale. If you like art games, there are better ones out there than this."
,Not Recommended,245150,15179466,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Applecore,"An empathy game that only managed to elicit frustration for me. The mechanics are arbitrary and feel constricting and never enjoyable. The story beats are depressing by design but I never felt they were justified because I never could suspend disbelief - the game tries to convince you the family is time poor but the way the game is set up, with the family all walking around doing nothing, presents a picture of the opposite."
,Recommended,245150,15119350,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Vysil's Kitten,"I liked it. Story was fair. Art was fair. Gameplay was fair. Makes you think of what's truly important to you. Your child, your marriage or your career.7/10Get it when it's on sale."
76561198077063794,Recommended,245150,15228166,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Mai Bhalsych of Korse,"The game's a bit short, and therefore you should consider waiting for it go on sale. But it's a lovely story told in a unique and intriguing way, which makes you question the sacrifices different family members have to make.Definitely worth a go."
76561198071298877,Recommended,245150,15076217,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Heimdallr,I feel relaxed and you get to know situations better.
,Recommended,245150,15218050,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Son of a submariner,"This game has some flaws. Maybe, the gameplay is a bit redundant and overall repetitive. The graphics are rather simple (not ugly, simple!) and there is a low density of details. True.On the other side there is a game that is pretty heart shacking and intellectual challenging. The game is basic, but that has its meaning because it focuses you on the story, the characters, the development and, most of all, your decision!This game is simple, but it is maybe the game where your decisions have the greatest impact on the development of the story. Therefore, not only “the novelist” is not “not a game” – it pushes the idea of controlling the story, not only its outcome, in a progressive direction.That this can’t be without flaws in the performance. But a game doesn’t have to be perfectly save, to be good. Any experiment has its mixed outcomes.And therefor, “The Novelist” should be played because of its great outcome AND because of its flaws."
76561198064325225,Recommended,245150,15246112,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Faxy,"This was a very thoughtful game. It reminded me a lot of the Choose-Your-Own-Adventure books I loved when I was young. When I ended with an okay ending, I really wanted to go back and redo the whole thing. However, the choices were so emotionally exhausting (at least for an indecisive person like me), that I think I'll need to take a long break from the game before I replay."
76561198081705332,Recommended,245150,15813115,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Ekely,I liked the story. but they are some visual bugs there and there.
,Not Recommended,245150,15809928,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,[BL] Swat the What,"The game is well written, I'll give it that. It gives a stream of difficult choices to make when trying to balance out the family and keep everyone at least somewhat happy.However, it's not much of a game. That two hours that I put into it? That's how long it took for me to finish it up.There's a severe lack of actual gameplay. You're a ghost that's trying not to be discovered. It's ridiculously simple to not be found. Even if you are found, you have a second chance to avoid ""spooking"" the person that found you. And if you do spook them? Well, the only consequence is that you can't pick their compromise at the end of the chapter.The game's not really worth the $15 I spent on it, which is quite unfortunate. If you can pick it up on sale, go for it. Otherwise, I'd recommend passing."
,Recommended,245150,16727928,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Shell Universe,"Probably one of the best ""driven story"" games that's come, for whatever that's worth. However, the game is pretty short (you can beat it over a long afternoon) and some of the emotional hooks feel manipulative and forced. On the whole though, a decent game. Just don't pay full price, because it's not worth $15, probably closer to $5-10."
,Recommended,245150,16730010,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Huma_Carrion_Eater,"The premise of this game is great and I couldn't wait to try it out. It succeeds in the sense that I found the conceit interesting (you're essentially a spirit, possessing objects and rifling through the family's things for clues about their goals in life), and it was fun to play through in a single sitting. I enjoyed the compromise system because it added a little weight to the game that otherwise would have been too simple.That said the constrains of the gameplay system made it difficult for me to relate to the Kaplan family. Unfortunately it ended up making them all a bit unsympathetic. For example, I would think in a real family when the mother's relative passes away unexpectedly, your child wouldn't respond to a change in plans with a screaming and crying fit, especially not at ten years old. Also I didn't understand why Mom and Child couldn't leave Dad alone until his novel was done. The deadline is set and it will be a finite project, so stop asking him to play and all that until he's done! Or when you have the option of taking the kid to a fair, the mom on a trail hike, or dad to a campfire. The mom goes on the hike if you don't compromise with her, but she twists her ankle and isn't able to complete it. This makes her angry. It just felt way too codependent to me then, like go on the hike by yourself and enjoy it! Lastly, Dan giving up on writing after that just makes me feel like he wasn't serious enough about it in the first place.Still a fun and interesting adventure remeniscient of the Stanley Parable but played much straighter."
,Not Recommended,245150,16763949,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,CyberspaceCase,"A playthrough of this indie pet project reminds us of the tried and true Parker/Stone adage: ""When you have plot outlines and you can put the words ""and then"" in between each one, you're f***ked"".The Novelist'splot barely qualifies it for a listing at The Daytime Emmy Awards. Typical Hallmark-esque tribulations of a fading marriage, childhood innocence, and a writer-protagonist so stereotypical that leaves the player wondering how boring the actual writer of this narrative actually is files this sappy indie title under ""do something else with your morning"".What's more,The Novelistserves as an example of why game mechanics simply cannot be bolted onto a story and the final build be thus christened a Game. It's odd that the designer opted for a ""spectral"" approach to experiencing the narrative. In other words, why is the player banished to look on the game's character as a non-character herself? The shoddy ""novel within a novel"" justification for the third person gameplay decision at the game's conclusion is a poor one at best.I'll save you yelling the ""so-♥♥♥♥ing what?!"" question at your monitor and instead, tell you to throw your extra burrito money at The Fullbright Company."
,Recommended,245150,13843038,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Pin-Up Punk,"A great little gem that demonstrates how choices don't have to be world-changing in order to be deep and thought provoking. This game almost perfectly blends fulfilling optimistic dreams with gut-punchingly negative repercussions. Although the gameplay itself got a touch repetitive and it's a bit short, The Novelist's down-to-earth story and decisions make up more than enough for it. I thought it was well worth the $3.74 I paid for it."
,Recommended,245150,13624991,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Slowhand,"There is a lot to appreciate about the uniqueness of this game, and I thought it was a very nice playthrough (though Steam doesn't seem to be counting it as I did the entire playthrough in offline mode).There were a lot of decisions that I will want to try again (and some that I think will just be hard to do either way, so the replay value is definitely there, especially as I completed most of the game in just over an hour.The stealth element is interesting, though I wouldn't say very challenging. Turning off some of the appliances was a good start but not really enough to make it so that I was ever caught.Either way, quite looking forward to playing again. Recommended"
76561197974038206,Recommended,245150,13652486,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Drax,"A short and cute game. Stealth around 3 persons in a house to uncover cues to make progress. Make some hard priorities at the end of each scene to shape the vacation and ensuing life of the 3 aforementioned persons. I spent 4 hours in all doing one run-through. Had an enjojable time, although I got bored after roughly 1 hour and took a break every 2nd-3rd scene. End-verdict: Ok. Worth getting at 75% off."
76561197988909722,Recommended,245150,14154630,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Sérgio,"Overall the game was enjoyable to play.The gameplay mechanics are somewhat repetitive but that's somewhat expected given the nature of this game.To be praised are the hard decisions the developers left for the players to undertake. It's all about carefully making compromises and there always consequences for each decision you make. Overall, these multitude of situations and emotions feel extremelly real. Things that (will/have likely) happen(ed) in everyone's lives.This game gives you a chance to train at ""life"" :)Get it on sale."
76561198093448330,Recommended,245150,17372743,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,otakusim,"Excellent game, kept me busy for about three days. I only wish it was longer and there were more games almost exactly like these. However, the game feels like it's more worth your buck to buy on sale as opposed to for 15.00."
76561198167819637,Not Recommended,245150,17445504,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,zakkudayo,This game is incredibly boring. It starts off interesting but soon becomes extremely repetetive.
,Recommended,245150,16715193,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Creek is Canon,Oh the lives you will ruin.
,Recommended,245150,17148201,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,gNatalie,"A choice based game where you play as a ghost like being who floats around getting to know the family and their problems. You can investigate and find out what each character wants, then at the end of the day whisper into Dan’s ear, what he should do. Pretty straight forward but you decisions keep caring over as the characters keep thinking about what they did or did not get to do. Are you going to be a helpful ghost? Or try to pull the family apart? Help Dan decide… if he even decides at all, or is it just you putting ideas there?A short, fast game but definitely worth a replay to see how things would turn out differently when you favour one character over another.7/10I wouldn’t say it’s worth $17 CAD but a good game to get on sale!"
,Recommended,245150,12865596,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,LiquidxSunshine,"This game was pretty good, all in all.There were a lot of hard choices to make. Wanting to keep everything good while still letting the father, Dan, work on his book was hard... But close to impossible.My only complaint is about the ""stories of the past"" I was looking forward to actually getting immersed into those stories aswell, but that didn't exactly happen as much as I would have liked it to.I also would have liked to have learned, at least a little bit, about who I was. Who the ghost was. Why the ghost was helping people and why it was trapped there.Overall, I enjoyed this game and would write more about the good parts, but I don't want to spoil it. :)8/10"
,Recommended,245150,12891205,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,retakrew7,"A beautiful game. Packs a lot in a very short amount of play time.However, you should probably wait for a sale, since the price is pretty high."
76561197995217572,Not Recommended,245150,13267700,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ipseitet,"When I first heard about a game, where you play as a writer trying to balance concerns for his family against the demands of his deadlines I was intrigued, but not quite enough for the price tag. I'm glad I waited for a sale, because I find the game very mediocre. The most serious problem is that the very simplistic gameplay elementels don't suit the narrative structure that is the game's main selling point. Basically it a single level repetitive 1st person stealth game. You are a ghost that must remain unseen, explore the house in which the Kaplan family of three lives, read their thoughts and letters. Then brain wash the titular novelist in his sleep so that he will make the decision you find most appropriate.If that hasn't deterred you from trying out the game I'd advise you to wait for a sale to grab it. It's can be completed in 1½-2 hours or much less you disable stealth and don't explore each chapter. It can be longer if you wish to replay it. But I don't find it interesting enough for a replay. There are better story driven games out there, stronger in both narrative, emotional depth and gameplay, even all at once, whereas this game is pretty lackluster in all these aspects."
,Recommended,245150,19453790,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Sy Snootles,"A man takes his wife & young son to a secluded vacation home so that he can focus on writing his next great novel; little do they know that the house is also home to an unknown supernatural force that can worm its way into the father's mind. No, it's not The Shining, it's The Novelist. In it you play a spirit (or something?? it's not actually specified) haunting a house on a cliff. Your goal is to influence the choices of the father/husband character, Dan, by learning as much as you can about him & his family through written & drawn clues scattered around the house as well as by entering each character's memories. Each chapter presents a situation to which there are three solutions: one that most benefits the dad, one the mom, & one the kid. You can also make a secondary ""compromise"" choice that will at least partially satisfy one of the other characters if not totally please them.If ""Stealth"" mode is enabled you have the potential of being spotted by the family while you gather clues during the day, which causes you to lose certain opportunities. You can become invisible & move from one place to the next without being seen by possessing the home's light fixtures, but you can't gather clues when you're in a lamp, so you also have the ability to make a light flicker to distract the family away from where you want to go. There is an alternate ""Story"" mode where you are invisible no matter where you are. In both modes there are some situations where characters will close doors on you (usually if they're mad about being neglected); you can't open or pass through the doors but the family usually opens them again soon enough. There's a subplot that involves gathering clues about the house's past, but that is not mutable based on the player's choices so it feels more like filler material.The gameplay is fairly straightforward, if a little tedious at times. Think ""Gone Home"" in a scaled-down form. The graphics are quite lovely, especially the vistas visible through the windows. Several people have singled out the voice acting as exceptional but I didn't find anything remarkable about it. The plot is... okay. I didn't care much for any of the characters, but I still wanted to make good choices for them. There are multiple happy endings & sad endings possible, although not very many, & none too exciting (certainly nothing close to The Shining in that respect!).Overall though this was a nice game to spend a bit of time on; it's pretty relaxing & there's definitely not anything high stress about it. I enjoyed playing through making choices ""organically"" the first time & then running through it quicker in subsequent replays to get different outcomes. I would definitely recommend doing ""Stealth"" mode for your first playthrough to get the most out of the experience; enable ""Story"" for replays so you can move from choice to choice & clue to clue much quicker & don't have to deal with spending time on repeated material. It goes quickly enough when you do that.Even though it would seem there's a lot of responsibility on your shoulders, spending time in this game's world really is soothing, & having different options & routes to take is fun. I like that it's an indie game too. I am happy with my purchase -- but, after all, I bought it on sale, which I would recommend."
76561198068708934,Recommended,245150,19801353,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Schutzstaffel,I bought this game on Christmas break of my Sophomore year because I was bored and it was on sale. It was such a fantastic decision.I'm a senior now and Christmas break just started and I'm re-playing for about the fourth time. I still love the game. This game's beautiful story is dripping with subtext and has helped me through some rough patches.Thank you to the devs and I would recommend this game even at a AAA $60 price tag.
,Recommended,245150,19831108,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BittenByAFish,Have been using this game to break up exam prep today - perfect decision.Very sweet little game.Most enjoyable.
,Recommended,245150,20042188,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,skinnyraf,"What can I say? This is probably the only game that gave me goosebumps and resulted in tears in my eyes. I think I fared quite well, but seeing sometimes so devastating results of my choices left me really, really sad - but in a good, purifying way.Catharsis.Just buy and experience it."
76561198120536017,Recommended,245150,23334013,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ouchbird,Gave up everything for my family.10/10 would be broke and unemployed again.
76561197998266429,Recommended,245150,23735959,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,T_Neumann,"+ An original game. Such a rare commodity these days. That alone is enough for a purchase.+ Engaging story and narrative.  Being a fly on the wall during a family's summer and struggles together over a bunch of thought provoking subjects including death, family, hopes and dreams vs reality etc was at times, fantastic.- Inevitably for a 'choose your own adventure' type of game you plan and  'think' how the story will play out based on your decisions, but as a result, at times, your expectations will not be met. Surely it's impossible for any game to match what is in your own head. In any case, one or two chapters have a couple of 'over-the-top' reactions to particular character choices, such as crashing a car because you didn't write enough of the book.Still definitely recommended regardless. 8/10"
76561198033984598,Not Recommended,245150,18039096,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 4/10
76561198007169756,Recommended,245150,22548466,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,riderchoi,"The game is not very long and since I am a parent as well.  It reminded me all the struggles that I have in making decisions.  And it actually let me experience ""what if"" scenarios which makes this to have a replayability (probably not right after you finish it once)I like the art style of the game, very nice voice over.  Would like to hear more voice over from the old letters."
76561198198751755,Recommended,245150,21993067,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,CredulousLeaf52,"Very fun and relaxing game, hoping to see another game like this."
,Recommended,245150,22964537,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Scrubsauce,"The Novelist is a game that falls into that bucket of games that aren't exactly interactive experiences like Dear Esther, but still not nearly as involved gameplay wise as the majority of mainstream FPS games.  The title sees you patrolling the Summer home of a frustrated author and his single unit family as some sort of ""presence"" or ""ghost"".  There are two distinct game ""difficulties"", in the first you can patrol the house on foot (I assume its on foot, the player's avatar is still a bit of a mystery reserved for hints found in the notes scattered through the levels) without the NPC's noticing you.  The second takes on a more stealth-based approach, requiring you to hide from the family as you peruse through their thoughts and belongings.Basic gameplay involves you searching through the house and possessing the thoughts of the family to determine what the hopes, needs and feelings are of each family member.  You can navigate through traditional walking or via possession of light fixtures.  After you discover enough information to continue, you can either stick around to get the rest of the missing information, or make a decision on how to influence the father's thoughts.  After a you commit to your choices, the house switches to night, where you can discover notes relating the experiences of past denizens of the house and finally pass your decisions on to the father.The story threads hinge very much on which characters you choose to make happy at the end of each day, and the choices directly effect the NPC's moods and relationships with each other as the Summer progresses.  You can go the route of making everyone as happy as possible, or focus only on the needs of a single family member depending on your decisions.  The house looks pretty and has just enough detail in it for you to have to search for clues during the day without getting lost in the clutter.  For a game that depends a lot on moods, the characters have somewhat blank painted-like faces, a smart decision on their part as now the characters con convey their mood via body language instead of heavily involved face posing.As someone entering the working world trying to balance time between family, career, and hobbies, the game really clicked with me conceptually, and though its very subtle in its pace and approach to gameplay, I still found myself enjoying it for the duration of a Saturday afternoon.  Length (~3 hours) may be a consideration for some, so waiting for a discount might make it more of a bang for your buck."
,Recommended,245150,21783205,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Adnawun,"I really loved this game. Played through with story mode just to get an idea of what I'd be getting myself into and could definitely see myself playing this again with stealth mode to see the challenge. I found it to be quite sweet in the way the story(ies) was told depending on your choices and made you consider priorities (work, family, life) to get the right 'balance'.It falls more into the category of artistic/storytelling games but the game mechanics were decent and allowed enough exploration and player interaction to feel like a 'game'. I have no idea how varied the outcomes were, but it is that question that makes you want to start over from the beginning (and get your money worth)."
76561198135964770,Recommended,245150,19982942,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,RainbowUnicornSparkles!,"While there were very trying moments of decision-making, it is definitely an enjoyable game. I bought it on a whim and it turned out to be a good decision. I finished the game in a little less than two hours, which can be good or bad depending on your attention span. I wish it was longer, but you can always go back and make different decisions. In the end, I discovered that I am selfish, I'm not the best husband, and I suck at spending time with my son."
76561198154378440,Recommended,245150,21805848,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,яуαиωα5н3яє,"I just completed this game after a short 95 minute run. I would only buy this game if you want to play over and over for a different outcome. It was a waste of money if you play this only once. I went in thinking it would be just another choice after choice and nothing happens, but this game will send chills down your spine with the soundtrack and the facts. It may seem like a fictional ghost story but this game is more than real. 7/10. Doing another run for sure."
,Recommended,245150,27472719,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,doctor.hogart,"You play as supernatural being, genius loci, who can influence family living in your house. Story arc is split to 12 chapters, and in each chapter all 3 family members want different things. You can only side with one them and make compromise with other; third end up unhappy.Your task is... well, it's up for you. Do you want to help little Tommy grow up happy and creative person? Do you want Dan to be successful writer? May be it's Lisa who you feel for? Or may be you want them all to be happy family? You can do all that.The game is pretty short, can be beaten in one evening, but replayability is quite good, since you can try achieve different goals.As for downsides, 1) gameplay is pretty easy (difficulty mode like ""Nightmare"" could improve that) and 2) voice acting could be better sometimes."
76561198325236461,Recommended,245150,28024692,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,megbo18,"I liked searching for clues and reading the characters' memories. I enjoyed the pace; it's slow and allows opportunity for introspection. But the choices that I had to make on behalf of the characters were heartwrenching. The scenarios were so realistic-situations that most of us will be in at one point or another. I don't think I chose well during my first play through; I'll have to play again and see if the outcome will be different. Overall I really enjoyed this game. It gave me lots to think about, both within the game and how I would handle similar conflicts in my own life."
76561198015971206,Recommended,245150,27268764,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,John Uskglass,"The Novelist is a touching and thoughful narrative game, which despite its simplistic mechanics and presentation manages to pose some genuinely challenging moral questions to the player. The game lacks some polish, with many aspects feeling rather clunky, and the gameplay is very much secondary to the narrative (to the point that the main gameplay mechanic - avoiding being spotted by the family - can actually be switched off so you can relax and enjoy the narrative), but the honesty of the game more than makes up for this.I would recommend this game for anyone looking for an unusually genuine and heartful narrative experience (think The Beginners Guide, Gone Home etc.), and who is willing to see past its rough edges to get the most from the experience."
,Recommended,245150,27769775,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,droggelbecher!11,"A touching little game with choices that actually matter""The Novelist"" is one of the few games that keep their promise of offering several choices with an actual impact on the story's outcome. It also is one of the few games that leave you with a strange feeling in your stomach. Through the protagonist's actions and mistakes you can learn a lot about your own character, your life goals, what you are doing with the time you've got on this planet and how you treat the people you love.I really like games that actually encourage you to start thinking in a deeper way. That's why I'll definitely recommend it to anyone who is open to questions like this.In ""The Novelist"" you are going to face daily problems almost ever young family encounters nowadays, thankfully without any kitsch, unrealistic ""happy ends"" or over-the top dramatic situations. All the characters are understandable, there is no villain or bad seed. And you will never be able to please everybody with your decisions. Just like in real life. That's what makes this game so special.The gameplay itself isn't much of a challenge - there is a ""stealth""-mode, but not getting spotted isn't actually hard. So don't expect a hardcore game full of adrenaline and high speed. The graphics are in a ""Firewatch""-like style, simple, but pleasant to the eye. Same goes for the music.But beware: you should be ready to read a lot, otherwise you'll get bored very soon. As a quick reader, my first game took approximately 2-3 hours, but seeing all the different endings and reactions requires several playthroughs. And if that's not enough for you, you can always buy it at a discount."
,Recommended,245150,26575132,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,kahpecüce,"Visual story non-game with slice-of-life kind of plot. If you enjoyed Life is Strange and/or Gone Home, this is the next game you can play."
76561198028648236,Not Recommended,245150,28483245,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sweet n' Sour Badger,"You cant be everything in this game, do you want to be a good fahter to you son, a good providor to your family or a good husband to your wife. In the end it dosent really matter, someone ingame will always be unhappy, reguardless of choice or compromise. The fact that you are limiting your presence to just one house, one family and one location is intriguing, knowing that each choice dictates what this family will do, however you cant be everything, or even something assembling a happy anyhting, so why buy the game at all."
76561198162879138,Recommended,245150,33269568,Posted: 5 July,all,Ultimaweapon6,"beautiful ,deep, just another great experience from these developers. if you want an interesting experience i recomend highly."
76561198117542344,Recommended,245150,33446175,Posted: 10 July,all,tahazen,"If you cherish the idea of work-life balance, this game is a crushing blow. I played one time through and my character had to essentially choose between spouse, son, or career. Kind of a bummer of an ending, but the game itself was great. The story, controls, and concept was unique. I will perhaps play it again to hopefully find a rosier ending."
,Recommended,245150,22728285,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,"I, THE GREAT PAPYRUS","This is one of my favourite games on my steam library. While the graphics aren't perfect, they still provide a great atmosphere, supporting the idea that living in the house really does seem like a dream.Gameplay wise the game is pretty damn interesting. It explores possession, stealth, and choice-making in a manner that I haven't seen in any other game.Storywise, I could relate to the main character, Dan. Writing is a demanding hobby, and an extremely stressful profession, something which I think the game captured perfectly. The frustration, the passive aggressive notes on the window, the notebook full of both♥♥♥♥♥♥and great ideas, the self-criticism and risk-taking.While it isn't exactly challenging in terms of gameplay (In fact, the game can be completed with ease and rather quickly.), but storywise the greatest challenge is by far keeping the entire family happy. Or at least that's how I felt. Being childless, I couldn't sympathise with Tommy, and with my focus being on Dan's writing and maintaining his marriage, Tommy ruined everything.This game seriously needs a DLC. Specifically one titled either ""Put up for Adoption"" or ""Vasectomy"", which removes Tommy from the game entirely.♥♥♥♥ Tommy."
,Recommended,245150,34860261,Posted: 10 September,all,timonberkowits,"A charming short game, touching you with its hard choices and strong morals about finding compromises between family/marriage/work.  Definately worth a purchase when on sale."
76561198040859498,Recommended,245150,34923898,Posted: 13 September,all,Llyndwyn,"4/5 StarsThis game is an example of what would happen if Choose Your Own Adventure (tm) grew up and became middle-aged. The story challenges you with maintaining family harmony and recovering personal mental health, swapping monster combat and gold loot for a wife and a kid. Very story-focussed and absolutely not an action game in any sense. Follow the story, decide what chocies the protagonist should make, and read about the results. A nice find for $5 or less."
76561198196191187,Recommended,245150,34911111,Posted: 12 September,all,brandonprezi1,"Very Emotional game i became attached to the characters very quickly especially Tommy. The game is like a movie in the sense that there is gameplay mechanics but most of the time it's just hiding and moving from place to place. This game has a very polished and symplistic look that does not get old. There are multiple endings I am working on and aside from that this game does not have much replay value and that seems to be the only thing holding it back is its length and amount of content. I bought it when it was on sale and am very happy with what I got but I do not recommend picking it up for 16.99. I don't hate this game, I love it! But the price point is holding it back. 9/10 I would buy it again."
,Not Recommended,245150,35335755,Posted: 30 September,all,John Galt,"(small spoiler) The game often seems very ambiguous about the choices the user is forced to make. For example when Dan wanted to go fishing, his son wanted a sofa fort and his wife wanted to wash the ugly sweater. ALL those things could've been done and for some reason the choices were extremely important without any hint."
,Recommended,245150,34374616,Posted: 20 August,all,Ken88NL,Amateuristically sellable.
