user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,245280,12828069,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a sci-fi reworking of the classic Chinese tale, Journey to the West. Set after an apocalyptic war, the world has largely been abandoned and only a remnant of civilisation remains, alongside what's left of a hostile robot army.The setting is at times stunning. The skeletal remains of civilisation are being re-enveloped by verdant nature. It's a refreshing move away from the barren browns and reds we usually associate with post-apocalyptic settings. Despite its age and technical limitations - coupled with even more limited graphics options - Enslaved is a beautiful game with obvious care and attention paid to its lush environments, its detailed, motion-captured animation overseen by Andy ""Gollum"" Serkis, and its nuanced character design.It's also clear that care has been lavished on the story. Main characters Monkey and Trip are fully rounded out. The nature of their strained relationship plays out naturally, and develops organically. There are the occasional fumbles, especially at the very beginning as the rules of their relationship are set, and the conflict feels a little rushed and too quickly resolved. Overall, however, the dialogue and character development prove to be sophisticated to a degree far in excess of what one might expect from an action-brawler.Other characters taken and adapted from the novel are equally well represented, and the central narrative pays homage to original story reinterpreting its themes of action, choice and consequence expertly and without the heavy hand mass market media so often utilises. The game plays out as an extended escort mission of sorts. The concept may strike dread in the hearts of many a gamer, but it’s not so much a burden and plays in a similar fashion to Bioshock Infinite’s Elizabeth. Trip will hide from combat while Monkey lays the smack down on robots. The combat its self is initially frantic and exciting, but soon it becomes clear it lacks any sort of depth. In fact, for all its visual punch the combat has no actual power behind it and its limitations quickly become evident. Other aspects of the game also suffer from being pedestrian and uninteresting. Platforming and puzzle elements are functional, but both lack any imagination and act as little more than a distraction from the combat zones.Enslaved is highly scripted and very linear, and despite the verticality of many levels and the sprawling nature of the world Money and Trip have a very narrow path to follow. The scripted nature of the game is both its strength and ultimately its biggest weakness.Despite some stunning art direction and a rich story complete with interesting and complex characters, Enslaved fails to provide a compelling game play experience to complement its artistic and narrative strengths."
,Recommended,245280,7664978,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Scarlet,"Based on the ancient Chinese story 'Journey to the West'This has got to be one of my top favorite games. It has a brilliant storyline, engaging characters and character development. Beautiful scenery, funny moments within the game between Trip and Monkey. It's just overall a amazing game to play.I'd recommend playing it on hard though, and to tweak your graphic settings in the ini file to improve the game a lot more better."
76561198087794419,Recommended,245280,28855931,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you enjoy climbing platform, stealth mode, melee combat, buy it!*No, if you looking for great melee combat, character customization, dont buy it.GAME IMPRESSION:First 1 hour, interesting & enjoyable tutorial!After 2 hours, repetitive encounter :/After 4 hours, alot of jumping...After 6 hours, more mechanic puzzle!After 8 hours, same enemy again? where are the other survivor?After 10 hours, i think fighting mini-boss is more fun than the final boss.COMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 10 hours*Leisure play style: Around 19 hours+GAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Not adjustable( ✔ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( _ ) Unlockable loadout / Startup customizationSTORY CATCH-UP:( ✔ ) Without understand the story, still enjoyable( ✔ ) In-game provide story journal, for who have very short time to play( _ ) Provide a pre sequel video, to show story progress( ✔ ) Needed continuous playing to catch-up the story( _ ) Require memorize the locations, characters to enjoy the gameGAME MODE:( _ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( ✔ ) Level-up progression( _ ) Unlock perks to upgrade( ✔ ) Earn something to buy upgrade( ✔ ) Campaign Mode (Linear story)( _ ) Campaign Mode (Multiple Ending)( _ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( _ ) Random loots/npc/map selected( _ ) Random level generated( ✔ ) Collectible Items( _ ) Photo Mode (No HUD, free camera)( _ ) Score Attack / Personal Best( _ ) Statistic( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( ✔ ) Puzzle Solving( ✔ ) Steam Achievements( _ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud SaveLIKES:+Beautiful maps & characters+Melee combat is well animated+Excellent cut-scenes+Awesome hoverboard (cloud)+Health regen+Shield regen+Extra costumes+Extra content (Pigsy's Perfect 10 DLC)DISLIKES:-Cannot check / bind key during gameplay-Repetitive encounter (sneak away from turret)-Melee combo hints is made for xbox controller, not keyboard-Operating menu screen is not recommend to use mouse-Some blur textures-No coop-No multiplayer-No leaderboardQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2013)A-Contents VolumeB+Arts & DesignA+PresentationALevel DesignBCombat TacticBSound & MusicB-Realistic AnimatedAOnline ValueC-Replay ValueCBug-freeAOverallBBEST DISCOUNT:75% offWORTH BUYING:( _ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( ✔ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + DLC + Season Pass( _ ) No, DLC is different value( _ ) No DLC( ✔ ) DLC is includedhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/245280/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpBp18wsttA*Game File Size: 14.6 GB"
,Recommended,245280,12474338,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Zardonic,"I'm only on the third chapter, but it's refreshing to see such a lively game that mixes so many great emotions. I don't understand why this isn't some sort of bestseller. Perhaps companies should start looking more into developing PC ports more often as there's a vast amount of gamers like us out there who don't use consoles. I'm glad I discovered this game and these guys deserve the money. Buy it!"
,Recommended,245280,10689163,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Omaeka,"I'm ashamed it took me 4 years to play this game, and It's the only game I've completed in a single sitting. It's a masterpiece."
76561198003476696,Recommended,245280,14185988,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,DrFluffy,"What an adventure! This game is loads of fun!  You have satisfying combat, fun puzzles that aren't frustrating, colorful characters with personality, whom are well voiced by the actors, and a lovely art style with amazing environments. And did I mention the music?  Amazing!  The game does not get old.  I kept telling  myself I'd take a break at the next mission, but then kept on playing. If you want to have fun and mix it with a great story, give this game a try. I give it an easy 10/10."
,Recommended,245280,18120229,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Pomegranate,"Excellent game if you are after a good single player experience. Gameplay is linear but fun, the game world looks beautiful. Interesting story (tho I had some subjective issues with it) and character development with great voice acting!"
76561198044807333,Recommended,245280,12558576,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Chemii,"Completed the game in a little over 7 hours. Great story with compelling characters and great voice acting, although by the end it leaves a lot of unanswered questions that I suppose would be answered in a sequel or two, that sadly we are unlikely too see. In that respect it felt a little lackluster and just a bit weird.Combat on the whole can become very repetetive but it's still a challenge in some scenarios and not bad overall for such an old game. Climbing isn't much of a challenge but still feels cool enough for that to not matter. I feel like a lot of effort went into the opening sequence and would have liked that level of immersion to carry on throughout.The key thing that kept me playing was the synergy between Monkey & Trip and I feel it would have developed into an excellent franchise had it continued.Overall: 7/10"
76561197997169785,Recommended,245280,12716114,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Welderman,"Been playing games since the early 90`s, and this one is up there,  maybe in the top 10. .. and i`ve played an awful lot of games.sure, its linear, but the 3 main characters are brilliantly portrayed, with super voice acting and a bit of comedy dialogue thrown in. good story, keeps you hooked.simply brilliant. played it on xbox, but PC is just that bit crisper - graphics-wise.one of the most under-rated games ever."
,Recommended,245280,7753067,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,H. Harpoon,"I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Excellent voice acting, engaging characters, obscenely fun gameplay and platforming, plays well on keyboard or with 360 controller. All around a wonderful game.Seriously the writing and delivery is unlike anything you see very often in gaming, Just watch this cutscene..http://enslaved.wikia.com/wiki/File:Enslaved_Odyssey_to_the_West_Cut-Scene_VIdeoWorth every penny."
,Recommended,245280,14566341,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,genkicoll,"There are threemodes of playto choose from - I chose Normal -  and I used an X-box 360 controller -- mostly.From themain menuyou can choose to ""Continue Journey"", which of course continues your game from the last save point. Saves are automatic; just watch for the swirling blue symbol in the bottom right corner.  If you choose to continue after you've already finished the game, you'll get to re-watch the game's epilogue.  You can go back and try to get all of the collectibles via ""Chapter Select"" (it will give you stats on the collectibles per chapter from this section), and if you've gone back since finishing the game, ""Continue Journey"" will return you to the chapter you were last working on.TheChapter Selectis available from the beginning of the game, though of course you can only access chapters that you've already been to (no jumping ahead in the story.)  Just be aware that if you decide to go back and replay a chapter, whatever chapter you're currently in will be reset to the beginning.So, what ARE thesecollectiblesI keep mentioning?  There are two to collect in the main game -- ""tech orbs"", which are floating balls of light, and as of chapter 3,masks.  The masks add a little bit of extra depth to the story, and the orbs you will need to grab to get upgrades.  More on that later.Thetutorialis pretty straightforward, but I'll add some of the info here so that you can get an idea of the gameplay and combat.We have full360-degree controlof both our character and the camera... most of the time.  Sometimes we have only limited control of the camera, which I believe the devs did to help us know which direction we're supposed to go.  There were a few moments when I simply could not figure out what I was supposed to be doing, but by taking my time to look around, I'd eventually spot something flashing.  Theseflashing objectsare items that you can climb, jump on/to, clamber on, etc.  Our character is quite acrobatic, but you don't have to stop and watch him twirl around to finish his maneuver before jumping to the next location; that can be fun, but when you're being attacked, I really don't recommend it. ;pBy the way, you generally can't fall to your death in this game.  There are exceptions of course, but what I mean is that if you're up so high that death would be the result of falling, your character will simplyrefuseto jump.  You won't fall off of -- say -- a steel girder when you're clambering across, not even if you try reallllly hard. Another nice thing the devs have added is that when you climb a ladder, it takes a single push of a button -- climbing up and down is automatic.You have twotypes of attack: Up-close combat and shooting, both of which are done with your handy staff.  Ammo is VERY limited, so be choosy on what you decide to use it on!  We have both plasma and stunning ammo.  The plasma blast will NOT break through a shield, but the stunning ammo will.  The only other thing that will break through a shield is a ""charged"" hit with your staff, which you do by holding down the attack button until the staff glows.  'course you could just run behind them where their shield doesn't cover, but what would be the fun in that? XD  (In other words, I'm not dexterous enough with close combat to be able to do it. *snicker* )I really had trouble with using the controller to aim accurately when in the midst of combat.  Eventually I remembered that I could use the controller AND the mouse, so whenever I needed to shoot something, I used the mouse, and used the controller for everything else.Some of the mechs you run into will have symbols over their heads.  These are enemies that you can do atakedownon.  Hit 'em until the prompt comes up, then push the appropriate button for the takedown.  Highly recommended since it will affect any other mechs that are present, and absolutely necessary during certain boss battles -- there's no way to beat some of them without using the maneuver!We have acompanionon our journey, which already know if you've looked at any of the game screens.Triphas many abilities of her own, and she is also the reason we've been collecting those tech orbs.  First off, though, let me explain a little bit about the dynamics.We have a screen we can bring up to interact with Trip, and there we have someoptions.  We can tell her to create a distraction, run or do some kind of action (like flipping a switch for us), apply a health serum (provided that we have some), and the upgrade function, which is where the tech orbs come in.  There are four sub-options for upgrades:Staff,Combat,Shield, andHealth.I'll let you discover for yourself what each category entails~Trip is not thebadasswe are, so sometimes she needs a little help... like picking her up and flinging her across a chasm... you know, that kind of thing. How you, personally (not our character), feel about Trip is going to depend on your decisions.  I know that's pretty vague, and perhaps even those who've played the game won't know what I'm talking about, but I can't really say more than that without giving spoilers.There is a widely-experiencedGLITCHduring one scene in the game, and I'm putting this in spoilers in case you don't want to see the solution:The second time we run into one of the mechs with wrecking balls for ""hands"" is where the glitch shows up.  You hear something, but see nothing unusual.  There's a brick wall there that's supposed to have broken, but all you see is a solid wall.  Eventually one of these mechs will appear, but there doesn't seem to be a way to defeat it, no matter how many times you hit the damned thing!  Meh.  The game is telling you to taunt it, but it just runs into one of those low walls and gets stuck there. *sigh*What you need to do is taunt it until it runs into one of the large, solid walls -- the one right below Trip is the one I used (and maybe it's the only one that works, I don't know!)  Once it hits the wall, you need to do a takedown in order to defeat it, so be sure you're close enough that you don't run out of time!Thegraphicsare stunningly beautiful.  The attention to detail is just incredible, with those little extra touches that really add to the scene -- the way things move in the wind, lighting effects, scratches on our characters' skin, scars, even pores!  This dystopian world is really brought to life through the amazing graphics, and you know what?  The creators didn't ""cheat"" on those areas where we have limited camera range.  If you try aiming to shoot something, you'll be able to see the full 360-degree view, and that the graphics are still fleshed out in areas we shouldn't be able to see.The voice acting is excellent, and the characters are full of personality.  I generally didn't notice the music, and to me, that's the mark of really well-chosen tunes... It means that the music so perfectly fit the scene(s) that it wasn't jarring,  annoying, or feeling out-of-place.  The sound effects were great, too. ^__^I felt that the ending was ridiculous in some respects, but that's because of my habit of analyzing things.  It may have felt unrealistic to me, but it ALSO felt compelling, thought-provoking... profound.  You have to realize that the game is based on a story that is *four hundred* years old!I really enjoyed everything about this game -- from the sights and sounds to the story to the gameplay, I just enjoyed the hell out of it.  I have to agree with those who have mentioned that this is a hidden gem.  I really do think that the game deserved a lot more attention than it got, and I highly recommend it to any action-adventure fan."
76561198000489230,Recommended,245280,10539348,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Zalera,"A hidden and highly underrated and gem with arguably one of the best artistic directions of the last decade. The difficulty is pretty easy going so just enjoy being along for the ride, even if the story does kind of fall apart towards the end. Still, highly recommended and should definately not be missed.Also Tripitaka is hot."
76561197961961642,Not Recommended,245280,16722741,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sanguich,"Enslaved is beautiful, interesting, well-acted, and highly polished.  Why no recommendation?  It's hardly a game at all.I love the world, and the atmosphere they've created.  I like the characters, and wanted to see where their story went.  If it weren't for that, I would have quit after the first level.  This game is totally on rails.Your character, appropriately named Monkey, does a LOT of platforming.  Most of it is climbing walls and jumping from perch to perch.  The problem?  You can't miss.  You hang from one pre-determined (and helpfully glowing) spot, hold the direction of the next one, and press A.  Then you get there, and repeat.  There aren't even any choices of where to go; you're simply following a path.  Even though you're jumping around like a monkey, it's effectively no different than walking down a hallway in FF13.You can't even hop down from platforms in non-predetermined places.  The game LITERALLY won't let you die from jumping the wrong way.  Even in dramatic sections where the wall you're climbing on is crumbling away, you can rest assured that you will make it if you simply hold up and mash A.  Seriously.  As long as you push the button, you will never lose.  If you somehow DO manage to die, it only feels like the game's fault.And that's the biggest problem: with 90% of the game so streamlined, whenever something isn't immediately obvious the game grinds to a halt.  More than once I found myself completely baffled by what to do next, simply because the game had never asked me to figure anything out before.I beat this game back when it came out on 360, simply because I wanted to see how it ended (Answer?  Very strangely.)  Now that I'm REplaying it, all I want to do is fight the on-rails system in place here.  I find myself constantly grumbling about how Monkey won't do what I'm telling him to, because it's not exactly what the game WANTS me to do.It's obvious that Ninja Theory really just wanted to tell a story and make some nice cinematics, only adding the gameplay to glue those elements together.  You are an actor in their movie, with lines and marks that you must follow, and that comes before actually PLAYING anything resembling a game.  If those elements appeal to you, and the game's on sale, you might ultimately enjoy it.Just don't expect to PLAY it.P.S. As far as the port goes, it ran well on my PC, but it doesn't support 2560x1440, and if you have both a controller and a joystick, you're gonna have to unplug one before it'll work."
,Recommended,245280,12895662,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Phoenix,"In general, it is a 3D action/arcade/adventure. Fighting, running, jumping, solving mini-puzzles and so on...You can't say that its gameplay is anyhow innovative, but it is amusing and well-balanced.What really makes ENSLAVED an outstanding  game is a beautiful, thoughtful and detailed crafting of the story, characters, dialogues, cut-scenes, locations... just everything.It is a wonderful story and a refreshing experience that you'll remember for long.In the age of ""visit 20 towers and collect 100 feathers"" games, an adventure from a crowd of many, surprisingly reminds us of what true game artistry is.Really an overlooked masterpiece. I play computer games since 80s, and ENSLAVED is definitely in my Top-10."
,Recommended,245280,7505590,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Bobson Dugnutt,"A great Uncharted-style action/adventure game. Loved the story and characters. Graphics is great, combat is OK, but the controls and platforming are a bit clunky. Some of the boss fights drag on a little too much, but it's forgivable in the grand scheme of things.Will probably take ~7 hours to finish. You can start another new game after finishing with all the abilities you've unlocked, which is rather fun."
,Not Recommended,245280,12896338,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Interactive Civilian,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. It takes place in amazing environments, the characters seem interesting enough, and the story seems interesting as well. But, frankly, the gameplay is terrible, mainly because of the ridiculously awful camera controls. It doesn't matter if you are using a gamepad or kb/m, the game has it's own ideas about what it wants to do with the camera and it will fight your control of it every step of the way.The worst is in combat, where the camera will often shift angles automatically, usually to angles more about making your character look cool than about actually giving you a decent view of or angle of attack on your enemies. Many times this stupidity will cause your attacks to go completely in the wrong direction, which really sucks for charged attacks.Seriously, it's just not fun when you have to fight the camera just as much as you fight the bad guys, and you have to do so while trying to fight the bad guys.If the camera were better under user control without the game randomly shifting it around based on whatever automatic rules it follows, then I would probably be willing to recommend this game. But as it is now, with utter crap camera control making combat pretty much impossible, or at least insanely frustrating, at times, I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,245280,34433618,Posted: 23 August,all,Emblem Parade,"A solid action adventure game based on tactical combat and environmental puzzles. The narrative is gripping, the characters compelling, and though the story is linear, it takes place in an immersive, beautifully realized world.The voice acting is especially superb. Though there aren't many characters in the game, the actors make them feel rounded and real. Also astounding is the main character's animation: truly satisfying as he fluidly jumps and rolls and slinks up and down walls.This is actually two games in one! In addition to the main story, there is an extra game based on one of the characters, offering a different style of stealth-based combat and a more lighthearted, humorous narrative. This extra game is surprisingly long and comprehensive.Just to nitpick, I'll point out that ENSLAVED has a few minor weaknesses. Combat on “normal” difficulty can be too easy, and at times feels repetitive and grindy. There is a skill upgrade system based on collecting experience orbs, and though it's satisfying to gobble them up, there are just far too many in the game (sometimes you might feel like you're playing Pac-Man). Generally, the game could have been better with more variety: more characters, more types of enemies, more ways to earn skill points.Also, controls can be a bit wonky. When you're just exploring an area and rolling around when you want to jump, it's annoying. But in the middle of combat it can be frustrating to die because your character didn't do what you thought it should do.These problems are not very serious and did not keep me from thoroughly enjoying the game. I strongly recommend it for fans of action adventure!"
,Not Recommended,245280,18419894,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kifa,"I remember being intrigued by Enslaved way back in the day of it's original release on PS3 and X360 (I owned Sony's console at the time). Having heard positive things aobut it made me try the demo out, and it, in turn, wetted my appetite for the full game. But somehow I only managed to play this game now, years later, and on PC. It started great, but slowly got more and more disappointing almost in every aspect.The beginnings are strong - quite unique concept of interaction between two characters with active and passive roles, great location design and interesting world, seasoned with a bit of character development (through upgrades). Sadly, none of this ever develops past what you see in the first 30% of the game. Combat quickly becomes repetetive and feels stiff, platforming is straight up brain-dead, enemies lack diversity (and there are only two unique boss fights throughout the campaign) and character development never really manages to get interesting story-wise. The ending feels glued on, and while it attempts to round off the game while also introducing a twist, it falls flat on it's face by feeling really, really out of context.The game manages to present the player with reasonably diverse environments throughout the campaign, though I couldn't shake the feeling that the further I got, the less inspired they were. Game's visuals are also compromised by some gnarly texturework at various spots, shadowing glitches and one of the poorest motion blur implementations I've seen (it's luckily possible to turn it off) and 30fps, highly compressed FMV's that litter the campaign. Dialogue is well done, but it's coupled with awkward lip sync and character animations - I don't really know where all that motion capture Ninja Theory bragged about is utilised. And finally - the camera has really narrow FOV, which sometimes caused confiusion for me (it tends to get stuck and perform rapid rotations on it's own), and there is no way to adjust all that.All in all - I am very disappointed by Enslaved. I've finished the campaign once, didn't even touch Pigsy's Perfect 10 that is included because I really don't see a reason. As a non-interactive story this possibly could have worked, but all the ""game-y"" aspects of Enslaved feel half-baked way too often. With so-so quality of PC port, I really can't recommend this game. A real shame."
,Recommended,245280,28990728,Posted: 3 January,all,Kung Fu Sandwich,A excellent game which was unfairly overlooked for some reason on it's original release.It's a linear action adventure game with platforming and hack and slash style combat which is loosely based on the Chinese novel Journey to the West but the story is now based in a post apocalyptic future where the heroes have to battle evil robots.- Excellent motion capture and voice acting which is so good it feels like you're watching actors perform rather than computer generated characters miming along to the lines. It looks a little dated now compared to games like Uncharted 4 but it's still very decent.- Beautiful environments. It's the post-apocalyptic wasteland but unlike other games such as Fallout and Rage this game has more colours than grey and brown. I think i even saw some blue stuff a few times.- Likeable characters who made me laugh and care about what was happening when they were in danger.- Responsive and satisfying melee combat where you feel like you're bashing the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of those evil robots. It isn't very difficult but it is fun.- The game moves at a quick pace so you always feel like you're moving forward on to the next story beat or enemy encounter.- The platforming comes from the same school as games like Uncharted meaning you won't die whilst jumping between ledges and platforms unless you jump in the wrong direction because your character just kind of snaps to the next platform. I guess that could be seen as a con to some people but i enjoyed it.If you're looking for a well made action adventure game with nice graphics and a well told and acted story which won't take you 20 hours to finish then pick it up. It will also run at a constant 60fps on your old toaster of a PC.Good stuff.
,Recommended,245280,34592648,Posted: 29 August,all,White Shadow,"I was kind of surprised honestly, because I was expecting more or less just another 3rd person hack and slash with platforming elements which I might get bored of, and although it doesn't do anything new, it pulls off what it does have very well and kept me playing till the end.In short, you find yourself in a post-apocalyptic world, having just escaped one of the mech ships where you were kept as a slave. The main character, Monkey, is incredibly agile and proficient at climbing stuff, in addition to wielding a staff with deadly skills to take down hostile mechs. He teams up with an attractive hacker girl, Trip, who keeps him under her control via a headband at first and later becomes more of an ally.Perhaps the most alluring part of the gameplay are the constantly changing challenges and puzzles, most of which involve working together with your NPC ally. For example, some sections require you to tell Trip when to activate a decoy hologram in order to distract enemy turrets and allow you to get closer for a takedown. Then there are also sections where you use your staff as a shooting weapon to engage in long-range fights, and also sections where you use a hover pad called cloud to solve environmental puzzles or even fight a boss.Although the overall game was fun, I do think the first half of it felt stronger and more focused. There was more variety of things in that, and also better looking environments in my opinion. A huge post-apocalyptic city taken over by plant life is just a more interesting place to explore than inside of enormous factories which comprise most of the second half of the game. At the very least the game didn't overstay its welcome and none of it felt padded.Only one type of challenge irked me greatly, and that's those blasted landmines. Most of the time you die to them because the area of their blast effect is not clear, so you end up getting caught out when you're nowhere near the damn things. And it's insta-kill too. Gladly they're only in two parts of the game and hence only a minor irritation.Visuals are really beautiful. Both as far as character designs and also most of the setting, environments, and style. Voice acting also great. And everything is rather straight-forward and intuitive, ranging from climbing and ending with combat. Getting a chance to level up some skills and attributes is also a nice addition.All 3 of the main characters were quite interesting, and the story, although in the background most of the time, was good enough to keep things going along. Won't spoil anything, but the conclusion was rather surprising, almost out of the blue and unexpected, but I suppose it made the game end with a punch.In general, an enjoyable game on all fronts and one of the better 3rd person action adventure games I've played. Well worth getting, especially if it's on sale. Highly advised to play with a gamepad."
76561198019754682,Recommended,245280,12745514,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Noob342,"story: greatcharacters: greatenemies: tough but only 3 differend onesBosses: challengingcontrols: responsive when fighting, terrible when platformingcamera: frustratingthis game has no handholding, so find your way to the next platforming/puzzle bit and if you fail, you get the last cutscene again without to skip any of themi won't recommend the game at full prize, you should wait for a discount"
76561198024922437,Recommended,245280,12909675,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Santa,"I really liked this game, it's one of my favorites of all time.  I played it years ago on the console when it originaly came out, and now this pc version along with the Pigsy DLC.  Like all PC ports of older games there are some tweaks to reseach online to set it running how I liked it best graphically, but nothing too difficult to figure out.  The characters and environments are just some of the most memorable and enjoyable that even thinking about the game now to write this review I feel like playing it again."
,Recommended,245280,15182104,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Dugachug,"The good: If you're looking for funny heartwarming characters, this is for you. Monkey and Pigsy are incredibly well done, Trip is not my cup of tea, but that's a matter of opinion. All the characters are very well voiced.The bad: This game is not for you if you're looking for good gameplay. The camera angles are constantly annoying, and the platforming requires little to no effort.Technical issues: The PC version is pretty clunky. I could not add antialiasing and I had to edit a config file to set the correct resolution. It's a mediocre port, typical for a japanese publisher who releases games primarily for consoles.Overall I really enjoyed the game, if you can deal with the lazy port and annoyances, it's well worth a playthrough for the story and characters."
,Recommended,245280,18525483,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,gwwtbg,"Amazing action adventure game, although not without some flaws. Its most compelling aspects are the story, voice acting and world design. The game is set in post-apocalyptic USA and looks amazing. The destroyed remnants of modern civilization are overrun by vibrant plant life and the world looks absolutely gorgeous. The story was written by Alex Garland (author of The Beach and screenwriter of 28 Days Later, Sunshine, Dredd) and the player character is voiced by Andy Serkis (who did a great job and should totally be in more games). If you're the kind of person who plays games for the story, give this game a try, it's really great. There's quite a lot of platforming, frequently involving puzzles which are mostly not very difficult to solve. The combat is pretty decent: your weapon is a staff that serves both as a melee weapon and a long-range weapon, providing a variety of options for dealing with enemies. In the DLC you can play as a different character with a completely different combat style and powers.The less great aspects of the game are the rather linear nature of the levels and the stupid checkpoint system which will put you before the cutscene (some of which are completely unskippable) if you reload the game, but if you die the game will restart from the point after the cutscene. Makes no sense. Another thing that makes no sense is the forced camera in many situations where it's not needed to highlight an important area or path (since it's hard to get lost in the levels anyway), so it's just mildly annoying for no reason. But other than that, the game is a very enjoyable experience and a must for fans of good storytelling in games."
,Recommended,245280,14007390,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Tardivex,"This game is quite enjoyable, but it is definetly rough around the edges. Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a 3rd person adventure character action game in which you play as Monkey on the 2 core gameplay aspects of fighting robots and platforming, while journeying into some great enviroments and through a nice story which will take you around 7-8 hours to beat.The combat feels good but it gets repetitive, there's not that much enemy variety, even a boss is reused once, and you only have 1 weapon with limted moves, I wish they expanded on it a bit more, but it does the job I suppose. The camera can be quite bad at times though, it is too close to your character so sometimes you'll get hit from enemies offscreen and whatnot, they should've zoomed it out a little bit. You can also use your staff to shoot damaging and stunning projectiles but I will warn you that aiming feels a bit sluggish with the mouse.Now the platforming looks cool and all but it's very linear and there's not much of a challenge, you're just pressing the movement keys and the jump button at the same time following a simple path, it can get a bit fidley however, like sometimes there's just this one very specific spot to jump from to grab another ledge, and even if you're just slighly to the side of it, your jump won't work, and sometimes it works from anywhere, so it's a bit inconsistent on that note.Right now you can probably see the game's flaws, but here's what they did right, the enviroments are really beaultiful, and it just takes you right in this post apocalyptic world that the game's trying to build, it definetly feels lonely, and the overgrown nature on New York early in the game serves to reinforce that. The story is quite good too, Monkey the main character escapes from a slave ship and crash lands on the city of New York, only to find himself wearing a slave helmet put on by another prisioner who escaped, Trip. She does this because she needs his protection to reach her home community, so Monkey is now forced to help her, otherwise he's killed by the slave helmet, and also if Trip dies, she set it so his helmet triggers too. That is quite an interesting set up for our two main characters and you can definetly see the chemistry between them as you play the game, I'd say the story is great on that regard, but on a side note I thought that the ending is kinda bad in my opinion, but to avoid spoilers that's all I'll say about it so you can check it out for yourself.Overall, Enslaved: Odyseey to the West has quite a few flaws, but I'd definetly recommend you pick it up on sale, the story and the gourgeous enviroments will definetly make for an exciting journey into this post apocalyptic world."
76561198048361702,Not Recommended,245280,12460549,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,JesterVae,"Ultimately, I can't recommend this game. There are many great parts, but I wouldn't tell anyone that the experience is worth it. This game is completely mediocre, but with the potential to be amazing. A few slight adjustments would have turned this into a must-play game.The storyline is nothing new, but it's compelling and engaging. The quick cut scenes and overall flow make the game seem really relatable and it's easy to care about the characters. They are also funny and the plot makes sense from start to finish. Nothing is stupid or contrived.However, those are the qualities, all related to the cinematic potential. The gameplay is boring, tedious, and repetitive. The path is lined up in front of you (figuratively), and you never have to guess what to do next. That's not really a bad thing, but it's been a long time since I've played a game that was this incredibly linear. There is no way to mess up, no reason to second-guess, and it makes the game feel more like a slog that slows you down between cut scenes than an experience you want to have again.If I could spare a few words for the developers in the hopes that they might read them:The orbs are a bad idea. Running all over hell and back to collecting floating orbs that are never explained at all was the single worst part of this game. I collected 92% of them overall, and I'd rather lose my all hair than do it again. Ever.The RPG system is weak, making the orbs even less appealing to collect. The majority of combat focuses on melee, but the upgrades for melee are few and weak. The ranged attack becomes very strong, but ammo was scarce and I only used it when I had to. I played on Hard, so maybe ammo is more plentiful in lower levels, but I prefer the challenge. However, I wasn't aware that I'd only be able to upgrade my ranged attack with any great improvements when I started. More upgrade options, please.Certain parts are laughably incosistent. Monkey can toss Trip up to those high ledges, but can't jump up there himself? Other times he makes leaps across gaps so huge I would have been sure that I needed another route. However, the worst part of the incosistency was the Cloud. Works sometimes, inexplicably? Yeah, Monkey says it, and Trip offers a vague reason, but there are times where it doesn't work even in the same area once I've killed the boss that requires its use. The Cloud is the single most enjoyable portion of gameplay in Enslaved, and it was a shame I didn't get to use it more.Finally, the camera work. An auto-center is a must-have feature in any game, and I can't tell you how many times my attacks would swing wide because the camera angle changed on its own and I had to swing it back around manually. Those fixed angle sections caused me a lot of headache when Monkey decides to do a 180 because the camera just flipped in front of him.Finally, just some continuity stuff. In Chapter 14, you get the clear message that this is your final chance to upgrade any further. Why the heck are there orbs after that point then? More tedious collection with NO payoff this time. Perhaps there's a New Game + feature, but I don't want to find out. Harsh review, I know, but I'm only being so precise because I think thsi game could have been so extremely wonderful that I will be looking forward to seeing how Ninja Theory progresses from here. Learn from your mistakes, and you'll have a bright future in games."
76561198035467477,Recommended,245280,12737669,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,eatheringtonp,"Good for about seven hours, this reminds me of a better executed Darksiders. Spectacle brawler and tactical shooting are broken up by light platforming and simple puzzles. Mechanically simple, it acts as a good backdrop to a nice story with amazing character animation and decent voice acting. I really enjoyed the story and it sucked me in to finish the game in about two play sessions. Worth a look!"
,Recommended,245280,13525550,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CARDIOVERSION,"BUY THIS GAME!!!Ok, now that I got that out of my system, let me start by saying that I only purchased this game because it was on sale. And it has turned out to be one of my best purchases in a while. I genuinely had fun playing it unlike some other games that i play up until i get all of the card drops. lol. The graphics are solid. The voice-acting is spot on. The characters, they grow on you and make you invested in the game. Pigsy, he has some pretty spot-on one-liners that unexpectedly make you laugh and look like an idiot. haha. From start to finish, this game will entertain without skipping a beat. It's definitely worth if you can get it for less that 10 or 15 dollars.Happy Gaming,CARDIO"
,Recommended,245280,12656323,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,PeeJay,"Since Enslaved was released on console I had always wanted to play it, now that I have I can say that it is a mixed bag.My initial impression of the game from trailers and promotions was that it harked back to classic PS2 games, what it most reminded me of was Jak and Daxter, the general gameplay seemed similar and immediately I was interested. The Jak series has always been one of my favourites, anything close to that was something I would be happy to play. When I finally got the chance to purchase it on steam I had mixed feelings. The general look of the game interested me, vaguely steampunk with a scrapyard feel to it. The control scheme was close to what I expected except with more of a God of War style to it. No jump instead a roll and the combat despite being satisfying became very repetitive and was not especially free-form.The game is split into two distinct sections, the parkour and the fighting. These sections rarely mix and when they do it is just frustrating because enemies will interrupt your forward progress at awkward times. The parkour itself is average at best. It is very constrictive and lacks any skill. Flashing handholds and bars make it a simple task of pressing the right direction. In fact the best thing I could say about the gameplay is that it is satisfying, the animations are smooth and the characters have a real sense of weight to them however this is overshadowed by the number of almost identical situations and encounters that quickly become tedious. The game has some puzzle elements, very simple but not necessarily boring.At this point the game seems somewhat unappealing but what I mostly enjoyed about this game was the character interaction. The story is simple, not really good or bad, just enough to set the scene and move the game along. However the relationship of the two main characters, Monkey and Trip soon becomes the main focus. Trip is your captor, she placing a headband on Monkey that forces him to obey her and kills Monkey if Trip dies. This adds an interesting dynamic between the characters. Initially there is a hate for Trip and her selfishness but as the story progresses the headband stops being the reason the player looks after her. It almost becomes irrelevant. It probably sounds like the game would do little to support a strong connection between you and Trip but actually this is its most successful piece. Gameplay revolving around carrying trip through areas she can't navigate and protecting her strengthens your involvement in the relationship in a way I didn't really expect. On the other hand don't think Trip is another useless female companion for you to escort, while she cannot fight the huge mechs on her own she has many gadgets to both protect herself and aid you, so that's nice.So should you buy it? Maybe. The main thing to consider is whether the gameplay sounds too repetitive for you. If you enjoy God of War style combat then go for it. Enslaved definitely isn't something I regret buying however it is far from being one of my favourites, it was good while it lasted."
76561198090774867,Recommended,245280,12541536,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Guydodge,"A very suprising game.great voice acting,solid characters,good graphics and really cool story.dont usually like fighting games but played this till the end.cons:camera is kinda jumpy alot of odd movement but you do learn to control it and minimize it somewhat."
,Recommended,245280,18024338,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Harley,"Ambitious. That's a word I'd use to describe Ninja Theory. In terms of game narrative, this is one studio that goes all-out and is never afraid to stray from the accepted archetypes that have plagued so many other games over the years. Originality, depth of story, and incredibly rich characters are the name of the game, and Enslaved: Odyssey to the West has that in spades.Heavenly Sword, Ninja Theory's previous game, also had those things. However, it was sorely lacking in the gameplay department, a problem that demonstrated why ambition alone is never enough. With Enslaved, Ninja Theory has taken everything good about Heavenly Sword and added the one crucial element -- great gameplay.And by God ... the combination has never tasted so sweet.Enslaved tells the tale of Monkey, a hard-headed loner who must survive in a world where most of humanity is dead, and an army of violent robots stalks the ruins of civilization in its place. After barely bailing from a mech slave ship with his life, Monkey awakens in the wreckage of an escape pod and comes face to face with Trip, a young girl who has trapped him with a slaver's headband that forces him to do as she says, and will kill him if Trip dies. Her terms: get her home, and she'll let him go.Thus starts an uneasy alliance between Monkey and Trip, an alliance that, during the course of the game, evolves and becomes something much more complex, deep, and quite believable. The power dynamic between the two characters constantly shifts as Trip holds Monkey's life in her hands, yet is thoroughly dependent upon him to survive herself. Once a third character, the inimitable Pigsy, is introduced, you have a cast of characters more original, endearing and heartwarming than that of any other videogame released this year.With its loose nods to the classic Chinese novel Journey to the West, some excellently written dialog and wonderful vocal performances, Enslaved does what games so often fail to do -- bring its characters to life. The game feels like the odyssey it sets out to be, and the narrative really has it all: genuinely amusing comedy, surprisingly touching tragedy, and plenty of action.As far as action goes, Enslaved has a natural flow between environmental clambering and combat, with the game often seamlessly switching between the two. The game does this with cutscenes as well, giving the entire campaign a sense of natural progression that very few titles have ever achieved.The climbing sections may or may not be a problem depending on what kind of gamer you are. Those who love titles like Prince of Persia may want to be careful with what they expect of Enslaved, as the climbing has not been designed to explicitly challenge the player.Although later climbing sections have traps and pitfalls, Enslaved's monkey business is more geared around delivering a sense of exploration and providing an empowering feeling of acrobatic skill. Indeed, there are no pitfall deaths to fear in this game. Monkey won't jump off something unless he definitively can, and once you find a foothold, it's a pretty clear path from A to B. The lack of challenge might upset some gamers, but I personally appreciated a title that wasn't full of cheap pitfalls, and Monkey moves with such fluidity and speed that it's much better to simply enjoy the ride. Very few games make climbing feel both swift and fun, but Enslaved has done it.There are a few issues, however, with the game's fussiness when it comes to climbing. There are some sections where Monkey clearly has to jump from one platform to another, but the game wants you to stand in one exact spot before letting you do so, and even if you're a few inches away from the ""sweet"" spot, Monkey will simply stumble and refuse to jump. It can get a little annoying, and sometimes it's just confusing, as one could easily be fooled into thinking they've gone the wrong way.Combat is significantly more challenging, but it can be a mixed bag. Monkey is armed with a magic staff that performs light and strong attacks, and can also be wielded like a gun to shoot plasma or stun bolts. Combos are very simple and amount to little more than button mashing, but again, it's the speed and fluidity that really makes it satisfying. Learning when best to stun enemies, perform a crowd-clearing move, block and counter is the key to victory, and while at times the combat is terrific fun, it can also get frustrating. Monkey's dodge move, for instance, is borderline useless, and he also can't cancel attack animations to block, which often means getting pummeled with cheap shots.These issues aside, the combat is mostly pretty good, and feels varied enough despite the simplicity of the commands. Switching up between shooting and melee attacks, not to mention unlocking new moves and enhancements with ""tech orbs"" collected in each stage, makes the combat system feel much deeper than it actually is. It's also somewhat nice to see health packs return to an action game. Health is pretty easy to come by, and you can lengthen the life bar and unlock a regen skill as you delve deeper.With the help of Trip and her pet mechanical dragonfly, Monkey can analyze various enemies and gain the ability to tell which mechs are defective. These defective mechs can be beaten with a special ""takedown"" move so they grant an extra advantage in battle. For instance, defective combat mechs can be taken down and then thrown at other enemies for explosive damage, while an electric-firing variant detonates an EMP shockwave that stuns surrounding foes. It gets a little tiresome watching the dragonfly scan everything at scripted intervals throughout the game, but the various takedown moves are incredibly cool, so it's a fair trade.All of this is fun enough, but it's the interactions between Monkey and Trip that really put Enslaved ahead. In essence, the whole game is an escort mission, except that the person being escorted never becomes a hindrance. Trip is only very rarely in danger, and even then, she is able to temporarily stun enemies to give Monkey a chance to rescue her. Trip didn't die once throughout my entire game, and I never felt like she was a burden.At times, Monkey and Trip will need to create distractions for each other. Commanding Trip is a simple case of opening a command wheel, from which you can tell her to distract enemies or follow you. Monkey also has his own distraction command, and using these simple skills, the duo can avoid enemy gunfire and help each other progress. As with everything in Enslaved, it's an incredibly simple concept, yet it just feels great to pull off. There are other co-op puzzles throughout the game, and while none of them tax the brain, they're not annoying, either.The star of the show, however, has to be the Cloud. A flying disc that Monkey can access at various points of the game, the Cloud scores points not only for being fun, but for being easy to control. It's so easy for ""vehicular"" sections of an action game to fall apart, but by keeping the controls for both Monkey and the Cloud uniform, Ninja Theory has crafted an excellent little steed for our nimble hero. There are also a couple of fantastic boss fights that require use of the Cloud, and the only complaint I have is that the game doesn't give us enough chances to use it. More chase sequences, or just a chance to use it more regularly than being limited to a few areas, would have really been wonderful.A huge part of Enslaved is the art direction and graphics, and I have to say that they are simply stunning. The gorgeous, lush, colorful environments provide a totally different take on post-apocalyptic America than we're used to, and in an industry full of brown and grey. 10/10"
,Recommended,245280,12907670,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Get this game while it is on sale, as long as you have a 360 controller. The environments are beautiful, the game is fun, and the story is intriguing. The combat is awesome as well. This game is pretty unique, and you will reger it if you don't pick it up. -PR0XIDIAN"
,Recommended,245280,25391679,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,[MeFi] Senor.Roboto,"Pros: Interesting story, fun character mobility, interesting levels with lots of vertical scale, a fairly nice looking game for its ageCons: Annoying camera, checkpoint save system with unskippable cutscenes, melee fights are a little repetitive.Overall I think the game overcomes its shortcomings and is worthwhile."
,Recommended,245280,12492682,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Isosceles Waffle,"Great atmosphere and setpieces plus a memorable story -- and though the game is basically a continual escort mission, your charge isn't annoying and useless, instead actually becoming rather endearing through the course of the game. The gameplay is straightforward (but still very fun) puzzle, navigation and satisfying action fare with few combos to memorize other than what-counters-what. It's one of the few games that I think is a lot stronger for its sticking to well-tuned though tried-and-true mechanics, linearity and focus on (a still rather janky) story as it drives the gameplay quite well, though the ending leaves much to be desired.Overall an unpretentious, well-balanced, well-executed action-adventure romp through a beautifully ruined post-apocalyptic world. Just be sure to use a 360 controller and manually edit the game settings ini file for extra prettiness!"
76561198055629313,Recommended,245280,34804026,Posted: 7 September,all,lbengtson19,"I don't even know where to begin to do proper justice in praising this game.  At first glance, it looked to me like any other puzzle platformer hack'n'slash. Having grown up on Legend of Zelda and Prince of Persia, I love that kind of thing, so I thought I would give it a try.  I got it on sale for $5, but I wouldn't consider it overpriced at $20.The gameplay is fairly straightforward with mostly linear maps; you are very unlikely to get lost.  The combat is mostly simple (with a few twists during boss fights that make you think a little bit) but very satisfying, with excellent combat animation.  The combat and platform puzzles are enjoyable, but not the reason this game is a hidden jewel.  What really make this game great are the little details, the breathtaking visuals, and the lifelike performances that make the game come alive.The two lead characters, Monkey and Tripitaka (Trip) are voiced by Andy Serkis and Lindsey Shaw.  They both provided motion capture, so their characters' motions and facial expressions are grippingly real.  The relationship they develop over the course of the game is powerful and believable, and where I generally hate having a companion forced on me in a game (they almost always feel in-the-way), these characters work together so well.  I found myself terrified of failing Trip (and consequently dying), especially when first confronting a Dog.  Her AI worked for me and never felt intrusive while I fought mechs as Monkey, and their teamwork made their relationship seem more profound.All sorts of little details made this game come alive for me.  The way Monkey often has to catch his breath after a mech fight makes him feel more like a person than an action hero.  Trip is often terrified - of the mechs, of the constant threat of death - but pushes herself forward with the hope of reuniting with her people.  The scenery, especially during the early game set in a post-apocalyptic NYC - not dead and brown and rusty but overgrown, green and vibrant - was spectacular.Not everyone will love this game the way I do.  It is not very long and could be finished in about 10 hours, give or take a few based on personal skill, difficulty level, and how much you explore for collectibles.  The maps are linear, which some people don't care for.  The combat can feel repetitive, especially if you mash your basic attack on easy difficulty.  The ending seems to be hit or miss for most people.But if you could appreciate believable characters with strong chemistry, beautiful scenery and a strong, compelling story, consider giving it a shot.  If you happen to see it on sale for the price of a latte, it is absolutley worth it."
,Not Recommended,245280,32055191,Posted: 29 May,all,BuriedOnMars,The game itself is fine but it isn't optimized for the PC.  The FOV is too close for a desk top monitor and there is no way to adjust it.  It is fine if you are sitting back on a couch looking at a TV.  The combat is stiff and I find myself cursing the camera way too often.
,Recommended,245280,17335735,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Kalutra,"ENSLAVED™: Odyssey to the West is a great game, with awesome music and a fantastic story perfect to play on spare time, though because it is ported from console to pc the game is a bit cluncky on the keyboard config making the game a bit hard if you don't have an xbox/ps controler. But still very enjoyable"
,Recommended,245280,29110369,Posted: 8 January,all,Bonder,"Been forever since I played it but I really enjoyed this game. It's a linear sort of third person action game with some puzzle aspects. I never got too frustrated or bogged down on any part though. The action was fun, fast paced, powerful. Plan to finish this one day. Definitely worth a sale purchase."
,Recommended,245280,13016975,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,rhii ლ(ಠ益ಠლ),"Very underrated action adventure. It should definitly see more love!In ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the West you will follow Trip and Monkey through the post-apocalyptic USA after you have fled from a slave-ship. Monkey, who is now forced to help Trip, protects her during their search for a way to bring her home. While Trip brings the brain, Monkey brings the muscles. To overcome all struggles you have to make best use of both. As the story progresses both characters will often interact and their relationship develops from a mere Master-to-slave-situation to a real friendship.GameplayBecause Trip is not much of a fighter you have to play the warrior. Luckily Monkey has some vast knowledge about beating up one or two mechs! During the tutorial you learn all the basic moves. And every time Monkey learns a new trick a note pops up on your screen. The fighting is very easy and intuitive. You havea strong, a weak but fast, a charged, and a radial attack. Alternativly your weapon can shoot stun and beam attacks. All viable in most situations. But enough of Monkeys skills. What does Trip actually do? Well not that much. But the developer tried to make your VIP not totally garbage. She scans the environment for traps, mechs for weakspots, and decoys enemies so Monkey can sneak away. Also she is not totally defenceless. She has a EMP which stuns mechs for a short period of time when they come to close.The good+ well-written story and likeable protagonists+ fluent and intuitive combat+ less generic end-scenario and a bit more ""believable""+ good music and actors+ good animationsThe average~ eventhough it's one big escort mission it doesnt feel like a chore to protect Trip because of the developing relationship between her and Monkey. Also she is not completely useless and has some nice utilities~ dated (last generation) graphics~ linear but beautiful levels~ the climbing passages are mediocre but still good enough to have fun (quite simliliar to Tomb Raider)The bad- you can't configure the keys and the menu is missing precision when using a mouse- horrible camera movement which is not optimised for PC usageConlusionA good game worth your time if you like action-adventures, a good story and smashing robots with a stick."
76561198023555368,Recommended,245280,27378479,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,comp9,"I nominated this game for the ""Whoooaaaaaaa, dude!” 2016 Steam Award.The motion capture animation in this game lends itself well to this astounding cinematic experience. Andy Serkis (of Lord of the Rings - Gollum fame) did the motion for one of the main characters and it made me want to see games use real actors more often.When friends ask me what my favorite adventure game is I tell them this one. Everything works together for an amazing experience. I played this from start to finish in a matter of days, something I rarely do."
76561197997400212,Recommended,245280,31466600,Posted: 30 April,all,XCRage,"This one is highly under rated. While it has its problems, like unskippable cut-scenes, and repetitive combat, those are outweighed by a decent story, great visuals, and fun gameplay.It is also nice to play in a post-apocalyptic world that isn't shades of grey and yellow."
,Recommended,245280,12627845,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Moz,Didn't think I would ever say it but a decent port from the consoles. Few dodgy camera angles at times and has to be played with a joypad but very well made and entertaining.
,Recommended,245280,29130009,Posted: 8 January,all,Lukewarm Bong,"One of those classic adventures from the last days of (what I consider at least) the golden age of game development. When people actually gave two shts to make an adventure that was interesting and not just a collect-a-thon, side questing jerk-around for your wallet. Even the person below me who didn't recommend the game still admitted it ""Kept (them) playing though, somehow""... I'm convinced it's because of the story. It's one you actually want to finish, not one that feels like a chore to get to the end of after 'X' amount of hours. The ending is even more of a trip than the chicknamedTrip. Gameplay isn't too shabby either, pretty rewarding beating the sht outta things with a giant stickAll in All, I was pleasantly surprised by this one. Glad I picked it up when it was on sale."
,Recommended,245280,18534312,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Adronat,"In short, a game that lives up to the name: an Odyssey with narrative/gameplay varying between moments of contemplation, discovery, comedy, tragedy, companionship and plenty of action.First things first: Andy Serkis is a real talented fellow, kudos to him.The game environment is absolutely beautiful, one of the game's highlights for sure, and the dynamics developed by the 3 main characters gives the story great pacing and keeps the player engaged.The passages between areas of exploration / platforms / combat are well balanced and keep the experience fresh.On the downside, I had a few hickups in the camera angles during the fighting phases, but nothing really annoying.I also thought the last 2 chapters didn't keep the same pace / interest, perhaps because they are set in more straightforward setting without much mistery, but the epilogue compensated it with a good plot twist.As a final note, I have to say this: if you like adventures, you have to try this game out. It will surprise you from the beggining and keep you wanting to know more."
,Recommended,245280,8394327,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ryne,10/10 -A classic in my book. The characters feel alive and the story is very well done. One of my favorite games.
76561197967814361,Not Recommended,245280,15918886,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,zeteacher (lzprst),"I'm honestly uncertain if I want to recommend this game or not.Pros:-Pretty graphics-Interesting world, characters and story.-Good voice actingCons:-Extremely linear gameplay, almost boringly so. I've been on actual train rides that have been less railroaded. I get that it is for console gamers originally, but please, they cannot be that weakminded. Not a single place in the game can you figure stuff out for yourself, which pathway to take, or which way to solve a problem. You're basically just following instructions the whole game.-A lot of the gameplay involves jumping, but you can't jump wrong and there is only one path, so most of the time you don't need to see or aim where you're jumping. Just hit whatever direction you're going and jump, jump, jump. Ta-da, you're there.-Occasional annoyances due to camera angles-Some sections are impossible to succeed at unless you're very lucky or you know where the next obstacle is going to be.-The port from console is not flawless, sometimes when selecting menus with the mouse the cursor is not where it is supposed to be.-Unskipable cut-scenes. That you have to watch again and again if you die at a difficult section. Seriously, this is not acceptable!Main gripe:This could have been an awesome game. But the way it has been designed, it should have been an animation movie instead. There's just not enough actual game in it. The player has no agency. I still finished the game, because I wanted to see where it was going and I was marginally pleased. No spoilers, but a waste-disposal related question popped into my mind when I saw the end cutscene, which is the kind of thing that annoys me. Aside from that anal-retentive (pun may be intended) technicality, the game as a whole just doesn't do it for me. There were times in the early game when I thought, this is going to be neat once all the hand-holding and easy linear paths become more complex, but that never happened. As such, I would not recommend this game if you're looking for a good game. If on the other hand you're looking for a cute interactive animated series, then, heck, it's all right for that purpose."
76561198107353252,Recommended,245280,12518390,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,tonyallen92,only played it for a short while but the combat system seems pretty fluid decent visuals  overall it seems like a pretty good game
,Recommended,245280,25699630,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kruzil,"There need to be more games like this: Great story, thrilling combat, fantastic atmosphere with an original atmosphere."
76561198115634971,Recommended,245280,23799671,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Aru369,"Just finished this fine adventure.Got astonished with there amazing graphics for game age. it is 2016 and this game looks pretty and vivid. Really nice voice acting. Face expressions.I had really fun time playing this game. Interesting main story, with cloudy back story and this game left me wanting to know what happened next. I guess it is too good to hope about second part of this game or some kind of other game in the same universe to continue developing this world.Game mechanics is easy. reminded me prince of persia just a lot less hardcore version of that. You can't jump of the cliff like in POP there you had endless ways to die.Get xbox 360 controller or something like that. Game ment to be played on consoles and consoles input is the best. Tried with keyboard and didn't like that . finished all game with the controller.I can recommend this game, have funny time playing it."
,Recommended,245280,25314211,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Phantom Renegade,"I expected a generic Action/Adventure game and the game delivered... With something extra.Going through the first few chapters, ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the West felt like a normal action-platforming game with an interesting story, but it became better.Even with a not-so-special battlesystem, the action in this game is still something fun. You'll find yourself battling enemies quite some time between the usual platforming. So if the battlesystem doesn't suit you (it takes some time getting used to, the game getting far more easy if you get into it), you might not have a lot of fun.The platforming itself is not much of a big deal. Sure, the game has decent graphics and pleasing sceneries but the controls can be a bit annoying when you're hurrying. For example, your character not jumping because your aim was slightly off, not correctly pushing the analog stick the right way.Now we're talking about controls, yes I did play the game with a controller and overall it was fine, besides the camera working against me sometimes. Can't say much about the keyboard and mouse controls 'cause I haven't tried it myself, but lots say that a controller is recommended since this game is a (pretty good) console port.That game at normal difficulty is actually quite easy. First you'll have some problems learning how to defeat enemies efficiently making the game quite hard first but after a few chapters it does get really easy, especially if you get the (health) upgrades. Regeneration makes surviving a whole lot easier, and never actually found myself in need of the health syringes you can get from your companion Trip, who I forgot to mention. (Yes, part of the game is basically an escort mission, but no, Trip won't get in your way at all.)Also want to give a quick shoutout to the voice actors! They did a really great job.TLDR: The game might not look like anything special at first sight, but doesn't fail to deliver. The gameplay isn't anything new yet is still fun. The story (based on an old Chinese novel) is great and makes up for the few cons this game has. Definetely worth a buy."
,Recommended,245280,28010083,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dereshi,"A linear Action/Adventure game made Ninja Therory (makers of DmC: Devil May Cry) starring Andy Serkis as Monkey.Backed by great motion capture and voice work, the development of the relationship between Monkey and Trip is one of the strong points of this ""Journey to the West"".At first, the journey is about taking Trip from one place to another while protecting her from the mechs left over from the war that destroyed the world.For that, you can carry her on your back (:3), throw her in other areas, she can distract enemies, disable them with an EMP, upgrade your skills, etc.And she is also used in the puzzle solving.Then there is the combat, which is more on the tactical side, ""slow"", you have to wait for the right time to attack.There are different close and long range attacks for damage, crowd control, area of effect, there are blocks and dodges, you can Takedown an enemy and explode them into others, etc.The traversing of the environment (""platforming"") is where the game pretty much plays itself, you just aim, press a button and Monkey will jump on the glowy areas, the only danger is when some of them fall.Still, it feels pretty good, when you press at the right moments he'll immediately swing from one place to another with fluid monkey-like animations.If you enjoy games like Tomb Raider (2013), Alice: Madness Return or the Batman Arkham series, you will probably enjoy Enslaved.This is a console port so the game has some performance problems but nothing unlayable.Check the Steam Guides for some tweaks, unlocking DLC costumes early and removing intro logos.Playing with the Keyboard and Mouse is possible but the sensitivity is weird and there are only Xbox 360 button prompts.It plays perfectly with the Xbox 360 controller."
,Not Recommended,245280,8554115,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,wulfsiege,"I had high hopes for this game, but in reality it's a sloppy mess. A bad PC port, horrible camera and poor controls hamper what could of been a fun game. You spend more time wrestling with the game than playing it. You are constantly sabotaged while fighting by a camera that spins away from enemies, a autotargeting system that fails to target anything remotely useful, attacks that get redirected into thin air, attacks that simply pass through targets as the autotargeting decides to hit something else out of range. An unresponsive combat system, combo's that don't end even when you stop pressing buttons, and game crippling bugs that will force you to replay areas that you already cleared. The list of problems goes on and on... Attacks that won't activate, dying during some minor animation clip as it paralyses you while the mechs are still moving and attacking.This game might of been passable 3 years ago on console but in todays world we expect some finesse in our combat and controls you will find this title sadly lacking. Its just a button mash of a game, with little skill required.The character ""acting"" is the highlight of this game however, as it was when it first came out with some great moments in the cut-scenes that work better than most games.If you want to play this game, pull it out of the bargain bin. I completed it on Hard on my first playthrough out of pure spite. And shame on the publishers for not having the games crippling bugs fixed in their game after 3 months of release time."
,Not Recommended,245280,12476980,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Duckhunt Doge,"I have played and completed the PS3 version of the game and would complely recommend that to anyone. That being said I wanted to play it again on my trusty PC and I was 100% disapointed.It is a PC port so going in you expect it too not be perfect.... But come on Namco, this is just silly. I had a Loading screen in the middle of combat, the AA actually makes this game look terrible and lets not talk about the camera.... Or maybe yet, lets! The forced perspective is asinine. You want to look to your left? Too damn bad, we are going to zap the camera back over to the left over Monkey's shoulder. I get severe motion sickness and even with the motion blur off I couldn't keep going. The constant fighting with the camera angles forcing me to stop playing after 5 minutes was enough to uninstall.I know it's a underrated game, and one of the VERY vrey games I was willing to play a second time around but the port over is just terrible to the point of making me physically sick.It's a great game, just not on the PC."
76561197995369485,Recommended,245280,24169196,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Substance,"From the team that made DmC Reboot (which I wasn't a fan of) comes Enslaved, a super charming, beautiful game. I first played this on the PS3 when it launched but its poor frame rate turned me off the game. Fast forward a few years, I bought this on a Steam sale, just an impulse purchase and didnt play it for a long time. This year I finally wanted to go through my Steam backlog and gave it another chance and I'm so happy I did. Enslaved gives me a lot of Beyond Good & Evil vibes (it even has a pig character!), the game has stunning environments, good narative driven cut scenes and a great atmosphere. It runs super smooth on my PC and is a joy to play. You collect orbs to upgrade your character, there's a good amount of Prince of Persia style platforming, some stealth and adventure sections and combat sprinkled in between. The game has good mechanics and has impressed me so much that I feel like replaying DmC again. I went in with super low expectations and I'm pleasantly surprised how good Enslaved is and how it managed to keep me hooked. Going forth, I'm a fan of Ninja Theory and looking forward to their next game.Thumbs up / 10"
,Recommended,245280,13054610,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sala6a,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the Westis an extraordinary game, a game that I feel is hugely underrated, a game that is one of the hidden gems of the last generation.TL;DR version in the bottom of the review.STORY:A reimagining of the Chinese novel ""Journey to the West"" by Wu Cheng'en. It’s set in a bleak overgrown with vegetation post-apocalyptic world, ruled by slavers and machinery, you follow Monkey and Trip on their journey to get Trip back to her home safely. If Trip dies, you (Monkey) die.The game's opening pulls you into the story and it never let you go; you're constantly on the lookout for what's next!I won't spoil much because the story is the game's highlight for me.GAMEPLAY:The game is an action-adventure platformer at heart with some simple puzzles thrown at you a few times to shake up the game's pace a bit.The combat is simple, yet fun enough to keep you engaged through the game's 7-hour campaign. Red glowing orbs are the game's currency; they are used to upgrade Monkey's fighting capabilities, health, and shield.Weird floating white masks are the extra collectibles found within the game; they reveal much about the game's world and story since they give you glimpses of life before the war.One of the major gripes with the gameplay is the camera, sometimes you'll be fighting the camera instead of fighting the enemies! Another noticeable flaw in the game is the lack of direction in some of the platforming areas as you’ll be wandering around aimlessly until you find the correct path.GRAPHICS:Varied beautiful looking locales with vivid colors shining all through the game coupled with great animations and facial expressions that bring the characters to life. Motion capture genius Andy Serkis worked on the game's motion capture and he even co-wrote the game's story (he also appears in the game and he is Monkey's voice actor) . The game runs on Unreal engine 3 which runs really well. Don't expect to be blown away by the game’s graphical prowess, though, it’s a 2010 console game. The game relies on its style to impress.AUDIO:Superb voice acting that brings the characters to life. The soundtrack sets the mood right in every scene, whether being chased by a mechanical rhino or chilling in a boat gazing at the stars, the soundtrack is mesmerizing.TL;DR:Pros:Amazing, captivating story set in a believable world and lovable characters.Great platforming gameplaySimple yet fun combatShort but sweet (7 hours)Cons:Wonky camera (at times)Misguided platforming paths in some sectionsShort but sweet (7 hours)9/10"
,Recommended,245280,20549313,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,ropname,"This was one cool game for me, an experience I did not regret.What I liked most is the story, characters and their interaction/relationship, the art direction as the world created was really cool.Combat is good - Prince of Persia combined with some Batman.On dislike side I would say the patforming stuff, due to being really really limited.If you are looking for a cool story, a nice adventure, then this would be for you."
,Recommended,245280,26376091,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dikkun,"It is a really interesting take on the ""Journey to the West"" story, with mechs and a really nice story which delivers a great message by the end of the game: what are we doing right now is right?I do not know if I what I'm doing is right, but it was the right choice to buy this game."
,Recommended,245280,12433656,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Miggoh,"Very interesting adventure. I'm not even saying game, as it was really cinematic. Maybe call it ""an experience""? I played this on X360 a few years ago. Didn't even know it was on PC, but then I saw it on the featured page for five euros (-75% off) and snatched it right away.Even though the game is developed by Ninja Theory (company that later went ahead and made the new Devil May Cry), the game is very story driven. So if you are the type who likes to skip all the cutscenes and go straight into action, this game might not be for you.Story is well written and takes some influences from ""Journey to the West"" which was a nice touch. Graphical style is very lively and has vibrant colors. The game still looks good, even though it's from the last generation.Combat is nothing spectacular, basic hack and slash and doesn't really evolve during the game all that much.Definitely a good pick, at least when it's on sale."
,Recommended,245280,15593881,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lgg3k,too linear...too simple...too good!
,Recommended,245280,22407913,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Nexiu,"A touching story that is memorable and leads us to an afterthought while bearing in mind the addictive and clever game.ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the Westconsists of several simple elements, all well connected together, so that manages to maintain excellent pace and never bring the player to boredom. But the most important thing in the game is the story, in which the gameplay is just an attachment. Not only perfectly presented, rooted in the realities of interesting and filled with charismatic characters, but also thought-provoking. And this in video games is still a rarity.PROS:PlotCharacters and their relationships (Pigsy rules!)Post-apocalyptic climateFacial animationConsistent, specific artworkVariety of gameplayKeeps you in suspense until the very endMust-see final (The whole is topped with heavily surprising ending, which every player should interpret in their own way.)CONS:Many simplifications related to gameplayMinor technical mistakesWhen you finish this game, it feels like you have broken up with a girlfriend."
,Recommended,245280,33287703,Posted: 5 July,all,Thaiauxn,"Easily one of my new hero games, belonging to the same veins as my love for Beyond Good & Evil.Enslaved was a classic that should have been more widely received but timing apparently nixed its reception among a bevy of AAA titles that hit simultaneously on its launch. I found it in 2017 and had never heard of it, but after playing it I'm really surprised a game this enjoyable went unnoticed in its day. It's like a time capsule of the best zeitgeist of it's year.Enslaved is far more moving and good looking than I expected. The camera is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- a result of there being a cinematographer on the design team - but the resulting cinematic experience is actually very smooth and very much contributes to the feeling you are playing a movie.Normally playing a movie is an insult to a video game, but here it works. It left like a movie was being put together and then a really well made video game happened instead. The engine may be getting dated, and the watered down low-res textures won't stand the test of time -- but the character acting, and the expressions of the characters, just their little gestures and nods fit so well together with the voices that it is compelling enough to keep playing.Combat is a cross between Beyond Good & Evil and the modern Batman: Arkham Knight or Mad Max style, but it is well put together and doesn't feel like it was taken out of your hands and contrived like those titles.  It does hijack the camera but not often. And the seamlessness of combat and dialogue doesn't get old. But Combat to me was largely a distraction from the lead characters getting to know each other while exploring beautiful places that look like they were made by an art team who cared about the details. Every detail of this game is polished and put together under layers of iteration. It's gorgeous to behold, even despite the small texture resolution.The ending was abrupt and left me wanting a squeal - one that will never come - but it was good for its cause. it really did feel like I had just finished a 3 part film the lasted 10 hours.I'll remember the characters and their little gestures. The same way I'll remember Beyond Good & Evil.If you have a day or two to play a linear cinematic game that's fun, despite a few annoying issues that pop up in a few levels, play this. If you are looking forward to a fun but emotionally rich adventure game it wont disappoint you."
76561198128393365,Recommended,245280,14967341,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Morgan Hearst,"This is a beautiful game with great characters who i grew to love and care about their story, the enviroments are amazing and the game play is solid and fun.Also the king of motion capture Andy serkis plays the main role of Monkey!!"
76561198004701225,Recommended,245280,23952069,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,van the man,"10/10 at being an action adventure game. Controls are very responsive, the game design is interesting, rather than ""annoying"" like action adventure games tend to be. The graphics and art are gorgeous, though keep in mind I'm not a current gen gamer in most respects, different people say ""wow"" at different levels of graphics. The music is....bland, but theme appropriate. The voice acting is good.Another important thing, it detected my Xbox One controller right away, as we know ""full controller support"" doesn't always mean full controller support.It's very much a console game so I don't think kb+m would be a very fun way to play.The character personalities are kinda..ah...campy, I guess... the game isn't going to leave you saying ""wow how deep"". Someone strongly gender conscious might take issue with the male-female/masculine-feminine dynamic going on, since there's some clear definition in the game; The two characters are strong and weak, protector and protected, etc... It isn't enough to offend me personally, but it might be enough for others.The story telling is donein medias res, and the game fully respects the average gamer's attention span and lack of patience.My standards for judging an action adventure game aren't exactly tough, however, there have been annoying design elements/styles in this genre through recent gens that will make my opinion of a game plummet when I encounter them, and this game doesn't have any such serious cons.TOTALLY worth the sale price."
76561198002096772,Recommended,245280,23815507,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,nilesta,"To get the cons out of the way:  Occasionally you find yourself stuck on a random bit of scenery.  This isn't game breaking, it's not forever stuck, sometimes you just hit it at the wrong angle and you roll instead of jumping, which is only really frustating in the timed sections in which you die you don't make that jump.Also, the camera occasionally just decides that you should definately be looking in THIS direction, right now -- which is maddening when you're trying to aim, or find the next hand hold, or whatever.All that said, the game is fantastic.  The Graphics aren't bleeding edge or anything, but it's colorful, well drawn, well animated,  I'd call it decidedly pretty, and a huge relief after years of gritty brown ""realism.""Combat is intuitive and easy to pick up, some of the mechanics are great fun, and as someone who is not a fighting game junkie, that means a lot.The climbing and jumping around bits are fluid and entertaining.  The characters are likeable, even though the escortee does do the occasional annoying reminding you of the objective every two minutes shtick that escortees do, you still find yourself rooting for them.There's a romance, bit it doesn't feel awkward, or forced or slapped on in post production, it's actually a bit of a slow burn and quite enjoyable.  No sudden but inevitable declarations, no because-the-back-story-said-so -- there's actual chemistry and lingering glances.This game sucks you in, and rarely lets you up for air, so try not to start it an hour before you have to be somewhere -- you are going to be late."
76561197960282791,Recommended,245280,12391308,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kyote,"Buy this today! It's great! Beautiful art, some of the most beautiful I've seen. A post-apocalypse that isn't brown and dead like Fallout 2 for a nice change. Plus two of the most enjoyable, realistic characters in a long time, with very well rounded, believable personalities. The combat's just your bog-standard third person action/adventure but the relationships of the characters and the game's beauty make it worth playing."
76561197996782444,Recommended,245280,25705769,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Peach Cobbler Soup (idle),"This games awesome for a number of reasons,+The environments are beautiful,+ story is a big ole homage to ""Monkey: Journey to the West"" and they make that very clear (so don't go b!+*hing about it and claim that this game is a rip-off)+With a gamepad it's pretty smooth for platforming and the combats good; it gets progressively difficult in a good way.My main fault with this game is the character of Trip.but first- Lets look at Monkey as a character: He's so strong that he can rip countless metal killing machines apart with his bare hands. He's so agile he can do crazy swinging flips and jump such enourmous gaps that even Nathan Drake might get jelous. And he's so level-headed that he stays calm in the craziest situations, he doesn't freak out or become spiteful .. he just deals with the problem he's faced with. Basically he's absolutely frikin awesome.Now lets look at Trip. - Despite her phisique, She can't fight. At all. When a situation comes up, she just cowers and hides and leaves the male to deal with it. She can't jump a lot of gaps, so Monkey has to constanly deal with puzzles and enemies just to give her a smaller gap to cross. ...NOW can she cross tht gap herself?? Most often the answer is NO. So Monkey has to pick her up and CARRY her, or literally THROW her across the gap, or up to a ledge.Oh and for most of this game she's either crying, acting irrationally or calling out for Monkeys help!!So to me the biggest plot hole is the question ""How did Trip possibly survive in this world for more than an hour without a macho male to take care of her???""It would have been so easy to make Trip a badass, who can help Monkey out during (actual) combat, or maybe give her some unique skills and make her playable from time to time during areas that Monkey isn't suited to deal with.I hate Trip. It would've been better if Trip was a straight up villian, enslaving Monkey coz shes evil. Instead shes a damsel in constant distress... and she enslaved monkey coz shes just awful and doesn't realize it.....she is hot tho."
,Recommended,245280,12890796,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dr.Unfähig,Probaly one of the most underrated games ever!!+ amazing setting+ nice graphic style+ great written characters/ cutscenes+ gameplay is a lot of fun- little camera problemsI bought it in the sale and it is worth every cent...9.5/10
76561198036254118,Not Recommended,245280,13763586,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Millennium Hippie,"It pains my heart to give this a 'not recommended'.However, this must be the laziest console-to-PC port I've ever played. If you don't own a gamepad, then do yourself a favour and avoid this game.It's a shame, because I was actually enjoying the storyline. It's well-acted and intriguing. Unfortunately, the controls messed up the experience completely. The default key-assignments left a lot to be desired, so I changed them. Then I found out that the game didn't recognise half the changes I made. This made it impossible to play past a certain point early on.How did the developers not notice this? I guess it's too late to get anyone to fix this, but until then I'm going to leave this game to gather digital dust."
,Recommended,245280,13312578,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TheManko,"Thank goodness this game looks good and has an alright story, otherwise it would’ve been a piece of crap. I read a couple reviews after finishing the game, both claimed the game “never frustrates”, yet that is the defining feature of the game. It♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off many times.Platforming is rigid. Like Thief 4 you can only jump in predetermined areas. This means I was rolling around two-three times near ledges before I happened to hit the jump area. Sometimes your character jumps automatically, sometimes you have to press a button. There’s no consistency. At one point you’re told you can’t clamber while carrying Trip, your companion. 30 minutes later you’re required to carry her while clambering in order to progress, without the game prompting you to do so. Button assignments are nonsensical. Sometimes you press A to perform an action, sometimes B. It’s constant button mashing. It’s also glitchy. Several times I was teleported outside the hidden walls, and I had to restart the checkpoint or I died by suddenly flying up in the air. The rigid platforming was intended to make the game smooth and accessible. But instead it’s the worst thing about it. It doesn’t even signpost where you’re supposed to go properly. All platforms you can interact with flash, but because the game is so bright it’s still easy to miss. Despite how controlled the platforming is it’s possible to do buggy jumps, where you fly off past platforms to somewhere you’re not supposed to be. It’s no Tomb Raider, or even Prince of Persia. It’s more like Legacy of Kain.Even with everything that annoyed me the game is still ok. The story was written by Alex Garland and Andy Serkis, who when they make movies tend to make very nice stuff. The same is true here. The story, setting and characters are great. But because they came from film, the story feels a lot like a movie script. The big important moments are there, but all the stuff around it, the “game” bits, don’t fit naturally into the script. It has several sections which feel like drawn out busywork. I could easily see players get bored in some of the puzzle sections and never finish the game because of it. I’m glad I powered through the slow bits and finished the game. It has its moments, and the ending is good. I’m now more impressed by the quality of Ninja Theory’s work in DmC. They made huge steps forward in that game compared to Enslaved. Unlike SCE Santa Monica who make the same God of War game over and over, Ninja Theory saw what went wrong, and had the ambition to do better next time. Who knows, maybe by their next game they’ll be able to match Platinum Games."
76561198075466721,Recommended,245280,28424363,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jean,"A great Game, enjoyed it really much, but has some big issues:Pro:+ Nice Graphic still+ easy story+ mixed Gameplay experience (puzzles, jumping, fighting etc.)+ angry protagonist XD+ nice world setting+ interesting and easy understandable fighting mechanic+ few interesting charsNegative:- major issues with tab-crashing- graphic bugs which lead to some game overs or Trish falling into the graphic- no window mode possible, even tried with another program (no suceess)- graphic issues after tabbing- some minor graphic bugs- fixed save pointsThe Game was enjoyable though, but if you hunt after achievements or sometimes you must look outside the game (not really possible without window mode). game crashes most instantly. i would love to finish the achievements, but i am afraid  to alt+tab out of the game.  it would be okay. if you can save more often, but you have an automatic save. but sorry, i don't have time to play a part of the level 10 times, because of crashing. but if you wanna play through the game, without making much alt+tab you can enjoy it.85% for me (without the bugs, for the nice gameplay time i had)70 % (with bugs included)"
,Recommended,245280,13862539,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Deus4Atheist,"Great storytelling, great characters. The gameplay is good but occasionally janky. the combat is really limited at the beginning but once you begin to unlock moves it gets complex enough. i really enjoyed it, this game doesnt get enough love."
,Recommended,245280,13459810,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nozza,"Fantastic singleplayer game. I highly, HIGHLY recommend using a gamepad. The characters and their personalities are great, this only comes into play later in the game.Also, the game looks and plays well, a few technical issues that wouldn't bother the average gamer (I only really noticed them when I noticed a few people point it out on the forums).If you're looking for a fun, around 8-9 hour singleplayer game with a focus on both character development and seamless transition between gameplay and story then I do recommend this game - this review is pretty vague, have a gander at a few videos of the game before you make the choice to buy it or not :)"
,Recommended,245280,10763768,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MagnumOpus,"Game Rating: 9/10Through and through a great experience! The game reminds me of the Jak & Daxter trilogy, and Crash Bandicoot. Why do I say this? Platforming elements, tech collecting, the ""cloud"" & being able to purchase upgrades. The game has a vivid landscape and is visually stunning. With some tweaks to the BaseEngine.ini file they can be greatly enhanced even more. Story is compelling  & leaves you wanting to know more. Character development is a bit cliche', but nontheless awesome!I'd recommend to play the game on hard if you want a challenge"
76561197984745773,Recommended,245280,14647807,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Zap Branigan.,"I have always felt that a review of a game should start with 1 simple thing, did you like it or not? In short yes, yes i did. Its a really nice game, graphiics are great, clean visuals and a nice style, controls are good and there is a nice balance between platforming and combat It is worth noting that i played using a game pad, as there are a lot of quick time events. The strongest element i felt was the story(apart from the end which i felt was a bit of a missed oppertunity) theres a really nice relationship between the characters and they are excellently voice acted. On a negative note its a bit repetitive and linear, now dont get me wrong, i have nothing against linear games as they are often a great vehicle for telling a story exactly the way it was intended but i see little replay value in this as a result and as the main draw for me is the story once you experience iit you will probably shelve it. In summary great game, well worth a play but as its pretty short and if you are anything like me you will likely play it once, try get it on sale- think i paid 6 bucks for it but its definetly worth a bit more.."
,Recommended,245280,24752719,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Archrot,"I absolutely loved this game and its characters. I was very sad to have fininished it because the story telling and art design are great and the game itself is a lot of fun to play. Definitely invest in a controler though, as it helps the port feel less clunky and confusing. I would definitely reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,245280,8573656,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Sinner,"You Play as Monkey an loner which has survived the harsh post apocalyptic earth since he was small, where humankind is few and mechs are everywhere.He gets enslaved by the beautiful Trip which puts an slave headband on him that will fry his brain if he doesn't do as Trip commands.Her mission is to go home to her people and Monkey have no choice than accompany her.The environment is breath taking and i frequently stopped and just admired the details and the scenery.The voice acting was top notch and the chemistry between Monkey and Trip was superb. Their evolving relationship and dialogue was one of the things i enjoyed the most.Combat was basic and had no complicated combos you could do but that was fine, it felt good to just casually bash some robot heads with a badass staff while enjoying the scenery and story.I found the animations to be good and Monkeys movements where quick and responsive, same with the platforming. It was fast and fluid and i really enjoyed watching Monkey doing his moves.The headband was an intresting feature and it actually made me feel a bit like being enslaved. I was often thinking ""Can i go over there or should i wait/get Trip first""It was a quite linear game but since the presence of the headband it didn't bother me. If you went to far away your brain could get fried."
,Recommended,245280,17552992,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ANCRON,"3rd person, post apocalyptic, action brawler with puzzles and platforming. Story is basically about couple survivors on Earth, after terrible cataclysm and/or war that devastated the planet, turning most of it into wasteland and ruins. To not spoil the story, you fight robots that are taking people as slaves, so you and your companion try to find out why they do it. You gather Tech orbs around the environment and killed enemies, to spend them on upgrades. Combat is mostly melee attacks with some ranged abilities. Your companion will often help you with Intel and useful survival skills, yet she can't fend for herself and require constant babysitting. Game has great voice acting and humor, good looking main character models, nice in game environments yet poor texture quality. You are looking for up to 10 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,245280,10823922,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,NightmareOmega,"This game was magical. I'm not sure how else to put it. Maybe I was just in need of a good story but I'm not sure I care. I enjoyed every bit of Enslaved. The story was simple but well thought out and, for me, really felt alive. As far as games go there were some minor ""issues"" that should be mentioned: Some choppy screen rates, awkward lighting, blocky animations, but they were few and far between and didn't really take anything away from the experience. The puzzles were simplistic but still had a nice rhythm to them and the overall flow of the game just felt right. Combat was also rather simplistic but still left your options wide open. With no set combos you were really just free to go crazy with it but in doing so it didn't feel like you were just mashing buttons.Notable parts to mention for me included:1.Great voice acting as well as an interesting script that felt realistic at every moment. Nothing felt too cliché or over done and It was really easy to relate to the characters and their emotions from sad to funny and angry to carefree.2. Story. It's a story about a journey and questions that may not have answers. Very relatable and has a strong impact for better or worse. For me something like that is timeless and deserves many replays.3. I'm kind of a sucker for the unreal engineEnslaved doesn't feel like it's trying to be some ground breaking adventure game that has new twists and is trying to force some special mechanic. It just feels like a solid, down to earth, absorbing story that really carries you along, is easy to relate to and keeps you interested."
,Recommended,245280,12908739,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,-= Caneda =-,"I have to say that after playing DMC and being impressed with the direction (charchters, camera work, setting) I bought immediately this one. And it didn't disappoint. Gameplay wise I prefer DMC , but this is a wonderful adventure with nice charcters and the journey to the west story is beautiful..with some nice twist....If U like an adventure in a unique world this is a good game.underated, very good game!Don't miss it when it is on sale if u r on the fence."
76561198010934003,Recommended,245280,32949766,Posted: 28 June,all,ACRNM,"I remember getting this in 2011 just by chance at a Gamestop for my old 360. I generally browse around for reviews before sinking my teeth into anything that costs me money, but this seemed fun at the time.  It quickly became one of my favorite games of the year, continuing into '12-13 etc until it was finally shelved.  Then it's $5 on Steam and the entire process goes full circle once more.Excellent game, absolutely wonderful storytelling from a ""feel the emotions of the characters"" standpoint.  In my opinion they knocked it out of the park with how emotionally attached Monkey and Trip become to one another, using eachothers strengths to pass difficult challenges and puzzles.  Lke many of us with dated game experiences, I tend to remember things a little exaggerated from how they actually were at the time. After playing this on the pc a LOT of those good memories hold true, but there are plenty of little bugs from the port left over.Graphics hold up well, and if you play with the .ini's you can increase them further, like moving from 128 res shadows to 4k in seconds.Like any game there are the negatives, but i'm sure you can read plenty of those down below."
76561198019943742,Recommended,245280,32874757,Posted: 27 June,all,Nightwish2517,"Really good game, characters, dialogues, setting, story, pretty fun combat. Sometimes had troubles with texture glitches or some lags i guess maybe not the best port  from console. Apart from that highly recommend to play, it definitely will stay in memory :)"
,Recommended,245280,32916937,Posted: 28 June,all,Enjee,"Great game with a great story, good controls, pretty environments and great voice acting that really elevates the story. The story is a post-apocalyptic re-imagining of the classic Chinese novel Journey to the West. Combat, movement and platforming all handle great (I played with a PS4 controller, which worked well) although the camera can be a bit annoying at times. Overall highly recommended."
76561198038347163,Recommended,245280,13932665,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Geralt,"A great journey ... very interesting story with great twists and turns ... and  a great finale ! The gameplay is ok , simple but keeps you interested till the end."
76561197999392383,Recommended,245280,30987771,Posted: 6 April,all,Ogre13ergO,Just finished chapter 14 in easy mode to attain the acheivement & now will replay it in normal mode. Unlocked Pigsy's Perfect 10 & 2 charactewr mods/skins for Monkey & 1 for Trip. This game is amazing! The only nitpicking complaint I have is that movement will be flowing & a corner of a structure will clunk it up. Otherwise this game is flawless & has a fluid game play feel that is addicting. I am hooked & think everyone should definitely give it a try. Excelsior!
,Recommended,245280,17988832,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Whydoyoubark,A rare gem.
,Recommended,245280,14615889,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,RocSo,"Pretty good game. fast paced, enjoyable fight mechanics if a little simple and repetative. challenging without being frustratingly hard. liked the set pieces, they were fun. memorable story. lovely level design."
76561198137728235,Recommended,245280,12654814,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Xedhadeaus,"Where do I begin...Firstly, this game is not perfect, and completionists and currency hogs everywhere as well as the distance measuring camera jerking players, will die. A LOT. If you're into the mainly casual hey let's just enjoy the scenery or whatever game, you may or may not see these things, but when you're seconds from a mine near some cash and your turn animation puts you in mine proximity... It happens, trust me.In my opinion, this game could have easily been made Co Op, beef up enemies, boom, teamwork required. But it's not, anyhow, as it is and from a glance it appears to be a grueling escort mission as you play the slave, where the entire prologue could have made the title itself seem so real. As you really get treated like dirt only to be... Needed shortly after in the worst of ways.The game will surely pull your strings. However, it is not bad at all, but the way the game looks and behaves visually will make you question some of the more simpler things games had. Like being what it is and not slapping you with a kill trap. Though, you do in fact need each other's help a lot in this game, and unlike other look I have a partner, God they're useless games. There is enough there for you to enjoy playing and actually feel like there is some teamwork involved despite it really being mostly if not entirely micro management, followed with some story conversation and a lot of jesting and orders from her... Hopefully she quits or takes that helmet off soon, or there are some EA elements that allow some sort of character growth and choice that really allows a character to bond and not play soldier.Regardless, it's worth a sale buy, and if you can let go of a few orbs or walk really really REALLY REALLY slow near the mines to get them. (Not exaggerating, at all) You can come to enjoy what this game has to offer rather than repeatedly waste three to five minutes of your life each time tripping the same mine in rapid succession in a stubborn ""But I'm good at these"" craze.But in my humble opinion, if you're looking for a more accurate vision of platforming or even Co op, there are other better more precise or more checkpoint friendly games you could pursue. But as visuals and story experiences go, I think this won't disappoint here. As always, if you are unsure, hit a walkthrough and such."
76561198027936475,Recommended,245280,28960101,Posted: 2 January,all,WiteLuxin,"Old gem thats underappreciated.  Needs a few tweaks, 30 seconds.Linear story action/puzzle platformer designed to make you care for the characters.  Really good facial animations and subtle but emotionally charge undertones.  Can't say enough nice things about this one.The Edits:BaseEngine.ini (Steam game folder:Enslaved/Engine/config)ResX=1280 ------------------------ 1920ResY=720 --------------------------1080MaxAnisotropy=4 ------------------ 16DetailMode=2 ---------------------- 5ShadowFilterRadius=2 -------------- 5UseVsync=False -------------------- TrueLightEnvironmentShadows=True ---- False"
,Recommended,245280,13637334,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MrWoodenSheep,"I can't recommend this game more. I played it years ago on Xbox when it came out, adored it, and rebought it instantly when it was released on Steam. I loved it that much. Played the game countless times, and it's definitely up there in my top 10 games of all time.Let me just start by saying that for anyone that likes the old adventure games we used to have like Ratchet and Clank, Spyro, Beyond good and Evil, Rayman etc. this game is a fantastic way to get yourself into the same world you used to feel when playing those older games. It could also be compared to newer games like Tomb Raider and Uncharted.Story:=====Without giving away too much of the discovery on your part, I can say that the world is a very fresh take on the post-apocalyptic setting. The cutscenes and dialogue are very gripping, polished and well spoken. All characters are very likeable, (all 3 of them).Gameplay:========The gameplay consists of platforming and combat. The platforming is relatively easy, though the difficulty is ramped up during sections where you're running away from something, or you might have the ground and walls collapsing under you. It generally feels very satisfying. The combat is relatively fleshed out. At first you don't exactly have many abilities to use, but you can gain more through a rewarding level-up system. Different enemy types keep you on your feet, forcing you to deal with them differently or use them to your advantage against their allies. There are some sections before actually getting to the enemy, where you'll have to move from cover to cover using decoy abilities and such to get to the enemy before they shoot you to bits, without going into spoilers, I'll just say the boss fights are very fun to play, with intuitive ways of killing them as you implement things you have learned in the game to defeat them. There's also one very fun type of section where you use a gadget I don't want to spoil, so I'll just say it feels veeeery fun and cool to use.Graphics, Sound and Music:====================As I said earlier, the game uses an unusual post-apocalyptic setting, in the sense that the environment is all lush, vibrant and filled with nature. The place is overgrown and has nice saturated colours. The Sounds all make sense and are satisfying where they need to be. From collectible-pick-up sounds to smashing-robot-faces-in-with-my-weapon.The soundtrack is great, cueing in at the right moments, upping the emotion in certain scenes.Controls:=======Although the keyboard and mouse controls are okay, I would definitely recommend using a gamepad for this game. It benefits the experience by quite a bit.Overall:======This is a very rare, hidden gem that absolutely doesn't get the credit it deserves. Give it a try, the devs really deserve the money"
,Not Recommended,245280,11548033,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,bobert awful (F+),"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a game with nice production values and better than average storytelling. It's also one of the most boring games I've ever played. I see it in my Steam queue and I end up wanting to do the dishes instead.The combat is cliched borderline button-mash with the pre-requisite unnecessary RPG experience system tied in. So if you want the regeneration perk that breaks the game right off the bat and makes health packs almost unnecessary, start running around for those red-colored experience points! You'll be able to grab it after you collect about 60 of them.Platforming is constant, and it's the kind of platforming designed by a really fussy nanny that doesn't tolerate failure. It's almost impossible to fall to your death, and the game only lets you change positions only if you go towards the shiny handhold things. The puzzles are in the style of Quake II, that is that they are actually not puzzles but busywork. Like doing the dishes, then having to take the mashed robots out to the recycling bin.Even the narrative that the game loves so much isn't great. The fundamentals are fine, except for the part where there's no clear antagonist and the game doesn't go into detail about what's going on. It's still better than usual, but the drive of the game disappears about halfway in when the developers decide it's time to kill the big bad man introduced only really introduced near the end of the game! Woo hoo, I like it when my villains are pop-up targets to shoot in the face! Like Pop Tarts! Pop Tarts shaped like Hitler!It's eighty minutes of movie stretched to five hours. And because something's gotta be done with the other three hours and forty minutes, there's undisciplined game design, busywork masquerading as puzzles, and robots that are evil because there's evil robots, evil robots with guns, and sometimes there's evil robots who enslave people. Pbbbbthhhhhhhhppppppp. Watch it on Youtube instead."
,Recommended,245280,12939718,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,loquee,"Every aspect of this game is good.Only the atmosphere and the world stand out, this is where Enslaved is brilliant, still a breathtaking experience at some points. The love that has been put into building the levels can be felt and that is what compensates for the age of the game and that at some points everything yells UE3 at you.The girl is a nice sidekick.I really like monkey, he grew on me as a main char.A brute yes, but the monkeyness of his animations and poses are something I never grow tired of adoring.Only thing that annoyed me is that there are some known bugs that haven't been addressed since more than a year.Make sure to play on high details, otherwise some stuff that is supposed to break wont do that and you'll be stuck.Still, this is totally worth 20 bucks and if you see it in a sale don't hesitate and grab it,Gamepad is a must though!"
,Recommended,245280,10958492,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SUPER COCONUT,"I've been waiting to play this game since it was released, years ago. I've finally gotten around to playing it and i'm so glad i did. Since this story is based off of ""Odyssey to the West"", there are a lot of parrallels between it and Dragon ball (which is also based off the same story). You got your monkey with a power pole and a flying cloud, tech chick companion, etc etc.The story is interesting enough to keep you trooping on to figure out how the world came to be how it is. What i love about this game is the design and setting, it's just the right amount of realism and whimsical sci-fi. The gameplay is kind of like Uncharted meets Arkham Asylum, and the characters dialogue and personality keeps you interested. Definitely not your run of the mill action game. Though, maybe if they had spent a little longer developing it, they could have worked in some more elements with collecting or more upgrades. I would have loved some more lore on the world.It's hard to complain about this game because it doesnt give any room to be frustrated, the platforming and puzzle/dungeon aspects are pretty straight forward and dont leave you scratching your head for very long. The combat is very fluid and feels really powerful, especially when doing takedowns or landing a final blow on an enemy.The voice acting in this game was top notch, i wish this game had gotten more attention so maybe there would be more push for a sequel of sorts. It was sad when i finished it because i wanted the story to keep going9.5/10"
,Recommended,245280,11170026,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,"this game is great, its a story driven action platforming game. its like playing in a movie. its got an apocalyptic scifi theme, the enviorments are well done, pretty graphics. controls are great, i played with a controller. only thing that bugged me at times was the camera occasionally would be at a strange angle. highly recommend for anyone who likes 3rd person action games."
,Recommended,245280,10943018,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lilithnerevar,"Pros:- supreme enjoyable fluent combat - oh yeah Ninja Theory knows how to do this- cool artstyle- likeable main protagonist- interesting game mechanics, how I love my cloud, omg.Cons:- the most effing annoying companion in a game ever, if I hear one more barked command from her I'll rip her head off- the only other friendly npc is the most disgusting character I have ever seen in a game- game handholds you like a toddler- ending is a bloody letdownFinal verdict: could have been so much more.... 7/10"
76561198052336082,Recommended,245280,25898280,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Thiadon,"Great game, and definitely worth picking up during the current sale. I keep hoping Ninja Theory will revisit this world with a larger advertising budget so it gets more of the hype it deserves. If you liked Heavenly Sword, you'll definitely like this.Pros:+Story+Interesting world+Graphics are solid even though it's a bit of an older title+Controls are smooth and easy to learn+Unique abilities and character development / progression+Not just a button masher, there's a good bit of platforming and exploring the worldCons:-They decided not to make a sequel"
76561197999552631,Recommended,245280,7565054,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Frogfish,"A beautiful and entertaining game that should not be overlooked by anyone or dismissed out of hand. The three characters that the story revolves around are modeled with care and choreographed in a very fluid and believable manner. I was hooked from the very beginning and I really did not want to stop playing because I was invested in the fates of the two main characters, Monkey and Tripp. Pigsey was a nice addition to the story at the point where he is introduced and I felt a sense of kinship with him after the intial feeling of revolt faded. His emotions and attatchment to Tripp, and his hatred and eventual begrudging accaptance of Monkey felt natural and well thought out, not forced or inexplicable. The gameplay is a little formulaic, but the formula is stable and enjoyable within the confines of the familiar ebb and flow. The scenery is beautiful and the fights are fun and fluid. I truly enjoyed and cherished my time with this game, I hope that all gamers will be enriched by it as well."
,Recommended,245280,13064761,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Horatio Dangerfield,"I like it! Characters were pretty neat, gameplay was pretty satisfying, story was alright, world was aesthetically pleasing,Partner is a little too trigger happy, ready to execute you at the drop of a hat, no matter how close you get along the way.good game/10 would play again"
,Recommended,245280,10930732,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ender,"I'd had this game in mind for a while, and finally picked it up because it went on sale - absolutely worth it.  I thoroughly enjoyed the story (always one of the top selling points for a game with me); it had great pacing and the spectacularly voiced characters were wrapped up in a sci-fi setting that doesn't get bogged down with exposition, sprinkled over with just the right measure of philosophical inquiry.Gameplay-wise, I'd have to say the experience reminded me of Star Wars: The Force Unleashed - sans the excessively annoying boss QTEs and exhaustively long list of combo attack chains.  Monkey's climbing sequences are scripted to oblivion, but I still found them fun.  Trip manages to be a mostly competent tagalong, except for a thankfully small number of times when she must be thrown across a gap (good rule of thumb: always jump after her and mash the heck out of your ""interact"" key).  One personal irritation I had was the occasional limitation and snapping of the camera, which made orientation a bit of a headache.  Replay value is not especially high, but I plan on playing it again!Overall, I'm a happy gamer.  Definitely worth the sale price - and I would've gladly paid the regular price for it had I known I'd be this pleased."
76561197993461522,Recommended,245280,10573547,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nightbender,"With the graphics update and control improve for PC, this game looked and played great.  I picked it up on during the last Steam Sale, and played it all the way through.  Story was fairly well done,  the environments were stunning at times, and the gameplay OK.  I did have a few spots where the PC controls drove me nutz, but that was only 5 mintues of my 10 hours of play time."
,Recommended,245280,14134982,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin's Steam Review: Enslaved: Odyssey to the West: Premium Edition. A Colorful Post-Apocalyptic Hack & Slash.Genre: 3rd Person Hack-and-Slash Adventure.Developed & Published by: Ninja Theory & Bandai NamcoPlatform: Windows, Xbox 360, Playstation 3.Business Model: Base GameCopy Purchased by MyselfPreambleThe game was sold to me as the Journey to the West story set in the distant future with Andy Serkis voicing a grumpy main protagonist, Monkey. I can't say no to that!If we continue to get these console-based ports over on PC with all released DLC set for a lower price, I’ll stay happy. This is the second game I’ve personally played with that business model and I can’t complain. (Metal Gear Rising being the other).Overall Story & Gameplay ThoughtsThe story is great, its well written and well paced, keeping the humor and/or seriousness of the situation at the right level the entire time. There’s plenty of emotional moments between the two main protagonists of Monkey and Tripp as they experience the hardships of the journey. The connection doesn’t feel forced, contrived or stupid. For the most part, it doesn't seem romantically driven either. A refreshing change of pace. Though there are plenty of hints that there’s a deep connection between the two. While Monkey gives off the impression of being a survivor, he still has good humor moments. Tripp is a great character as well both in-game and from the story aspect. She never feels like a hinderance or nuisance….well...when she doesn’t fall through the floor or get stuck on ladders. That happened to me a couple of times when playing the game. But when she isn’t getting bugged up, she’s a compelling character to learn about.Most of the challenge or antagonism comes come from the environment and machines that were designed for one purpose: to kill humans. The robots have no dialogue and little personality outside of their physical traits. On a quick side note, I wonder what these robots would do if they did succeed in their mission of killing all humans. Would they just self-destruct out of sheer boredom? Or take up knitting as a hobby? I guess we’ll probably never find out, will we. The game features two distinct gameplay areas, one involving combat and other puzzle solving with lots of “easy” platforming interspersed between and throughout the game. Given that the platforming is really hard to fail, I found that I didn't like it all that much. It’s easy though and it does add depth to each area you explore and helps pace the game out so I’ll let it slide. Even if exploration only rewards you with currency to a fairly shallow upgrade system. Keep in mind that while I sound harsh on these points, it’s only because other games have done it better. It’s not bad, it’s just nothing new.Combat Gameplay3rd Person combat that focuses on combos and blocking shots with a few special abilities. Combat is nice and responsive with plenty of weight to each attack and reaction. Dodging is a bit funky to make work especially when you can just use your shield instead to block the shots you need to. You do see a decent number of enemies in the game but the combat ultimately lacks in variety when it’s summed up to: spam the attack button till they blow up. There’s a “dog” boss mid way through the game that is built up as this big bad robot but when the actual fight breaks out? All you do is stun it repeatedly and spam your attacks, repeatedly, until it dies. It’s rather anti-climactic. The challenge usually comes in the form of groups of robots where some will try and stun or knock you back. Still, the combat is decent enough to keep from getting stale (if only barely) throughout the four hour campaign.Business Model & DLCI got six hours out of the game, four hours for the main campaign and two out of the included DLC short story. I think that’s just the right amount of content for the asking price. Any longer and the combat or platforming would have gotten stale or dull. Oh, right, I almost forgot to talk about the DLC. A surprising side mission where you control Pigsy, a character you meet in the main campaign, on a journey to find the perfect companion. As his physique is not designed for close up and personal combat, he can’t brawl it out with the robots. Instead, you have to use stealth, a sniper/assault rifle and tricks to get around the obstacles. It adds a different flavor to the game while showing you an enjoyable little side story. It’s a good thing it ends at two hours because the end level starts turning into a twitchy shooter arena which I didn’t find as enjoyable. What I did find more than a little heartwarming was Pigsy’s journey of self-discovery about his actual perfect companion. Kudos to the devs on this one as I enjoyed it quite a bit even after the four hours in the main campaign. It didn’t feel tacked on at all.PC Settings & Port ReportPC Port wise, it’s not bad but its not the greatest port from the console. Optimization seems to be decent though I did experience framerate drops at times. The textures are starting to show their age. Additionally, I noticed that the character’s mouth doesn’t always stay synced with the voice acting. If you’re having performance problems and/or shadows are broken, you can go tothis wiki articleand input the fixes in theEnhancementssection. One other irritation I should point out is the camera. The darn thing likes to fight you in the middle of a fight to show you what it thinks you want to see, usually Monkey smashing a machine into tiny pieces. It’s not game breaking but it can be annoying at times. Also,using a controller is highly recommendedas the Keyboard + Mouse controls feel like an afterthought. A common problem with console-ported hack and slashes it would seem.Final ThoughtsI recommend you pick this up if you’re looking for an overlooked, well crafted 3rd person hack and slash. It’s Sun Wukong in a post-apocalyptic, yet surprisingly colorful & beautiful world fighting robots. While the combat is a bit limited, the journey and characters more than make up for it. I enjoyed the characters, their interactions and the story overall.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Recommended,245280,10742499,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Senster,"Buy this, play this. Well worth the time. Tons of awesome scenes, the voice acting is superb, as well as the the motion capture for the facial expressions. Combat isn't too easy, though the worst part may be the camera angles at times. It's a game on rails, but just sit back and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,245280,14819617,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,-SambaL-,"It's like 'I Am Legend' , but with mechs and a monkey!'Enslaved' has a solid storyline set in an intriguing post-apocalyptic landscape which is boosted by interesting characters who by the way have some of the best facial animations and expressions i've ever seen in a video-game apart from L.A. Noire. The world with it's fantastic looking backrounds makes you feel involved and part of it, and while the gameplay is fairly straightforward and isn't as exciting as done before in games like 'God of War'  and 'Prince of Persia' titles in recent years, it is entertainning enough if you don't mind casual games. In the end it's the story and performances that really make this title shine.Performance wise it's a bit rough on PC (read: rough port), with a few annoying hang-ups here and there, but in all it's a fantastic cinematic adventure. Just be sure to play it with a controller to get the best out of it, while the mouse can come in handy with the shooting parts of the game."
76561197985253346,Recommended,245280,8371978,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Liao,"Quite fun to play!This game features a quite simple ""Prince of Persia""-like gameplay with a story that surprised me with turning out much cooler than I had anticipated. Even though the general setting and game world design might seem to be a matter of taste (You're fighting 2-3m tall human-like Robots with a staff. yay.), the game still turns out to be well worth being played. It's a single-player story driven game, levels are mostly very linear and unchallenging to play through, which is not necessarily a bad thing.The graphical design of the game is pretty amazing and quite beyond what I expected after seeing just a little ingame footage. The landscapes are awesomely made, really a game made for screenshots. Animations are top notch, very fluid and natural, character design is really quite good, though a matter of taste nonetheless. For the matter of melee finishing moves, it seems they tried something quite awesome, when killing the last enemy in a group of attackers, the camera changes to a cinematic slow-mo close-up, the actual attack animation doesn't really change but is so well made that, when the killed mech is breaking apart it still really makes for an awesome sight that you wouldn't normally see in regular speed fighting.Glow or particle effects are minimal in comparison to other games with a similar style of gameplay which makes it quite easy to actually see very well what's going on in combat, which isn't a common thing.Now for the only really bad thing I have to say about the game (which is really an awesome result for the game, all things considered) is:It's quite hard to play with keyboard and mouse, at least that's what I experienced. Also the keyboard controls CAN NOT be changed, which is something that really really takes a chip out of my like-gem here...None the less, the game was exceptionally nice to play with an X-360 Controller f. Windows. I can really recommend it.So, if you'd like to play a game that won't take a hundred hours to actually get somewhere, and still is some fun to play, if you like a storyline progressing in a comfortable pace, beautiful post apocalyptic scenery and a gameplay system that isn't tetris but not too complex neither:Get it. =)"
,Recommended,245280,13813871,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Squishiest Fish,"An incredibly enjoyabe story driven action adventure game. Ninja Theory have done a truly exemplary job of adapting the classic Chinese tale Journey to the West into a post-apocalyptic tale of heartbreak and an ambiguous revenge.There are issues with the game - while always satisfying, combat quickly becomes a bit dull and the upgrade system bears no more mention than that its there. Clambouring around as the main character Monkey is good fun, but again the climbing system lacks an real nuance or depth - its a bit of button mashing with a few odd timing challenges thrown in, but thats about it. Avoiding enemies and sneaking around is more or less impossible in most instances - there are fairly regular sections of the game where you simply have to take a few bullets while diving from cover to cover, before eventually reahcing your goal or anhiletaing the bullet drones, making for some linear gameplay.You may read that and think that this is a poor game, and in a sense you'd be right. The gameplay itself is nothing new or revolutionary - you could be forgiven for thinking you were playing Jak and Dexter or similar action adventure games of old. The gameplay is, simply put, a bit pedestrian (espcially for 2014, when I purchased it, though not too bad for 2010, its original release).However, where this game really shines is how Ninja Theory have approached the story, characters and world. This a beautifully designed, atmospheric imagining of an America torn up by a long and brutal world war, in which nature is well along its way in recapturing those lands twisted by human toil. The result is a beautiful, lush green world - a far cry from the dull browns that dominate most post-apocalyptic settings. Whats more, our introduction to the world isn't a sad, cliched voiceover explaining the follies of human kind, or a slideshow or any other tired trope; in fact, the little we learn about Enslaveds setting is carefully dolled out through the story and world you move through. Ninja Theory are one of those rare studios that truly lives the ""show, don't tell"" rule, and in building the setting for Enslaved, they present an arguable master class.The characters in this game are probably two of the best I've come across in any video game - our fairly quiet protagonist Monkey and our chatty teenaged heroine Trip are both voiced and, surprisingly, animated with an exceptional amount of depth and nuance. Slight inflections of voice, tilting of head, and stellar mocap work by the venerable Andy Serkis all come together to create cutscense and character animations that you actually look forward to watching. The one let down is that Trip, our constant companion, has clearly not recieved the same amount of attention in the animation department as Moneky - although that comparison might be slightly unfair considering that Monkey was voiced and mocapped by the unreachable Andy Serkis.Where this game really starts to shine is in the pacing. While the gameplay has its issues, as alluded to before, they're almost entirely a non-issue because of just how well each element is balanced against the other as the story progresses. You won't find yourself becoming bored or frustrated very often - each successive section of the game offers plenty of variety with very well timed cutscenes, making for an experience that is surprisingly enjoyable, despite its lack of challenge.Overall, Ninja Theory have created a great story driven game, let down by decidely middle of the road gamplay. However, depsite this, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is probably one of my favourite games of all time due to its excellent characterizations, top notch story telling and beautiful atmosphere. I was bitterly dissapointed to learn that a planned sequel was canned.A few notes for those interested in buying this game:- A gamepad is an absolute necessity. Don't even try to play this game with a mouse and keyboard- Go to this thread for some great tips on how to make this game as pretty as it deserves to be:http://steamcommunity.com/app/245280/discussions/0/792924952664793625/"
,Recommended,245280,12333342,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Trevor,"A bit overstuffed and unpolished, with mediocre action/platforming. Great character work from Andy Serkis and a stunning post-apocalyptic setting make it worth-while. Would have been better as an adventure game with more time to dwell on the environment."
76561198071626471,Recommended,245280,35034820,Posted: 17 September,all,Eisvogel,"This is a solid game and there's really no reason not to buy it at a great offer deal in my opinon.The game is quite enjoyable, the combat system is good though it might take some time to get used to... it's not good to mash button (particularly on hard).There were no big issues or glitches, a minor thing here and there... maybe minor dialogue mistakes (like using names before introducing themselves) or some random audio bug that corrects itself in no time.What can be a little bit annoying, especially if you are hunting for achievements.... is that you cannot skip the non-cinematic scenes. At least you can select chapters, but it still can get a bit annoying when repeating.Did i say i really enjoyed the voice acting on this one? =PBtw, if you are hunting for orbs.... you have to actually be on the constant lookout for any orbs that may be hidden or that you may miss. Some missions due to their progression will make it easy to miss orbs just because you are on the clock for the objective trying to make it in time, so while it is possible.... it's highly unlikely you'll be able to collect all orbs in one try (without a guide at least).If you are hunting for orbs, you may find these two tips useful: 1) Sometimes the camera will make it hard for you to check the area for orbs, if you use the aim mode you can bypass that and look anywhere you want. 2) Bear in mind that orbs don't actually save all the time when you pick em, the important part of this is if you die... there are parts where it happened to me that after dying some orbs that i couldn't get back to were ""lost"" and had to get them in a second try.Have fun!Cheers"
76561197984219778,Recommended,245280,14046623,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Reanimatedfish,"Bar none, one of the finest and most uniqueaction adventures ever made. A lush green post apocalyptic world full of stunning beauty and tales of personal horror."
76561197973706677,Recommended,245280,14108487,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,blacktomcat,"So what can i tell anyone about enslaved?First and foremost:Buy it and play it.The 3rd person gameplay is fun (although the camera is a bit....excentric). Its basically a mixture of jump-and-run elements (quite fair and easy) and  darksiders like combat (depending on the camera, less fair :P). Playing with keyboard and mouse is acceptable, although playing with a gamepad is most probably better (i don't own one though,so i can't tell).The main point however (at least for me) is NOT the gameplay. Its the story and the graphics. The graphic aint high end but the style is enchanting and the story is simple beautifull.Tl;dr:Nice story, decent gameplay. Buy it if u like good storys. Don't buy it if u just totally hate 3rd person games or jump and runs...or storys :P"
76561198101761215,Recommended,245280,13466641,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,soupydavis,There should be more games like this
,Recommended,245280,13661761,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chuck Gnarly,"Astounded that this isn't popular. Having a great time and Trip is perhaps the hottest most badass portrayal of my ultimate fantasy girl I've ever seen. I'm pretty picky, but this game has something special."
76561198034185048,Recommended,245280,14037300,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Lostintime,"Really nice overlooked game. The game Mechanics may be repetitive at some points, but the great presentation of the storyline is what makes this game enjoyable. Andy Serkis is a great Monkey :-)"
,Recommended,245280,14243699,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Flamebite,Awesome game with a great sense of humor.Love the story and the concept behind this game.
76561198110524429,Recommended,245280,12443737,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,=420th=SmokeAlot,From the creators of Heavenly Sword and Devil May Cry we bring you Enslaved. A game that is set 150 years from now in a post apoclyptic world. This is a 3rd person hack and slash kind of game with a Prince of Persia jumping style. The story is great and the jumping puzzles are fun. The mouse and keybaord are just plain bad but that ok the story make up for it. The controller works great but there are bugs here there. This game is just all round fun. I give it a 8/10
,Recommended,245280,11220126,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Akira49,"I've bought it on sale. This game is purely amazing. The graphic is outdated but it doesn't matter. The story is compelling and you get into the atmosphere of the game fast. I feel bad for buying it on sale, because this game is worth much more money than the price I have paid for it. I highly recommend this game for those who doesn't value graphics over story, gameplay. Story is very good, interesting and not boring, characters are deep and each of them reveals small bits of him/her-self over the time. Gameplay is decent although camera is sometimes dumb. I highly disadvise playing the game with keyboard+mouse, use controller for best experience.This game is worth buying for everyone who love's games with good story."
76561197996123460,Recommended,245280,28050901,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Malorn,"A very good example of a game that in terms of mechanics and gameplay is fairly similar to other titles.  It plays a lot like Prince of Persia, platforming, exploring, similar themes.  Indeed in terms of gameplay I think Prince of Persia, especially the reboot trilogy from 2005, is far better.BUT...this is also an example of a game that manages to succeed by charm, writing, acting, and world-building.  The gameplay is ok, certainly not unpleasant, but nothing write home about.  The acting, the plot?  Those are quite amazing.  Both characters are alive with movement and personality, from the very first moment you meet them.  I like these characters, I like the world I'm being shown.  The writing and acting carry this game, making it stand out as something worth playing.  I would say that such writing deserves a much more original game in terms of gameplay and mechanics, but I would recommend buying it and playing it regardless.  It's fun, it's clever, it's adorable, and it does a fun take on a classic tale."
,Recommended,245280,12920455,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jjuswell,"What a beautiful story, characters and voice acting! This game deserve to have a better meta score! Absolutely must play just to see this great story and charming characters. Also, get a controller for this game, because keyboard and mouse controlling are not so good. I loved the game and really recommend it if you liked any Prince of Persia game."
,Recommended,245280,34722217,Posted: 3 September,all,Loxias,"It feels Beyond Good and Evil, but more combat and less stealth."
76561198133727642,Recommended,245280,34698233,Posted: 2 September,all,Davinicus,"This game manages to be a work of art, a beautiful, compelling story, and a fun action adventure hack-n-slash platformer all at the same time.The voice acting is fabulous, the story emotional and well told. The levels are beautiful and well designed. Combat is so-so but good enough to not get boring or make the game less enjoyable.My only real complaint with this game is that I wish there were more of it. Fully worth the money though, even at full price."
,Recommended,245280,34159222,Posted: 10 August,all,KiZerRoll,"A Hidden GemSo a funny story about how I found this game and why it is a hidden gem to me. I took some bad advice from a friend who told me this was a really bad game way back when it first came out so I have never played it before. With the recent success of Ninja Theory's new game, Hellblade, I decided to see what other games the company has made and I came across this. Seeing as how, for obvious reasons, I am no longer friends with that person and remembering that everything he says is Bull$h!t, I decided to give this game a try. Man, I was not disappointed!StoryThe story is great. A fantastic group of characters who do a good job on the acting front. The characters are likeable, funny, interesting, and are capable of depth. Also since this game came out awhile back, before all this SJW feminist garbage took over our society, they were able to introduce a vulnerable female character that wasnt afraid to admit when she was scared or needed help. It was very refreshing. The pacing did start to drag a bit toward the ending but all in all, it was very good. It also had a nice little twist at the end.GameplayGameplay was fun. It is basically a platformer with some combat. The platforming reminded me a bit of Prince of Persia (minus the wall running). It was fast paced, stylized, and fun. Game is also pretty linear. Some mild exploration in a few places but nothing major. Combat is also good. Nothing super special but it does the job. Kind of reminded me of a basic God of War. There is light and heavy attacks, blocking, dodging, a few finishing moves on certain enemies, and some cool slow motion effects when you kill the last enemy in a group. I enjoyed it for what it was.GraphicsThe graphics really aren't all that great, but seeing as how this game was originally made back in 2010, it is forgivable and probably would have been decent for back then. However, there is one weird thing and that is the shadows on the character models during cutscenes. Not sure what is going on there but they are very odd. Like weird stripes that fade in and out, and it is just odd to describe. Overall nothing that is a gamebreaker though and is mostly fine.PerformanceThe game runs really well. Almost any graphics card and processor will run this game no problem, doesn't take much. It also runs fine on Windows 7. No crashes, no glitches, butter smooth. This was back when games weren't coming out half baked all the time so it was good as to be expected. Also some people were complaining about camera issues however, I didn't seem to have any. I had no problem figuring out where to go or what to do.OverallEverything considered this was a really fun game. Can't believe this flew under my radar for so long and I'm glad I got the chance to play it. If you haven't ever had the chance I really recommend giving it a try, it is well worth it. Can't wait to see what Ninja Theory does next after Hellblade now.ScoreSolid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,245280,35011351,Posted: 16 September,all,HumanOnScreen,"Literally only about 16 minutes in, and let's just say i'm glad I got it on sale. The mouse sensitivity is whack, the weird third person view (not like other games with a third person view) makes me kinda dizzy, and navigating your character with said third person view gets frustrating. On the up side, the graphics are good, and so is the immersion. If there was a button I could click between giving a negative a positive review, I would choose that. In this case, I'll just give it a positive recommendation, because some of these kinks are easy to over look."
,Recommended,245280,35015584,Posted: 16 September,all,Chiraaaag,Story/voice acting was great!The only bad thing i have to say is that i got dizzy at some parts trying to control the camera with the mouse.
,Recommended,245280,22745168,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Vir,"I really enjoyed the plot, the world, nice characters and really good, often funny (especially after Pigsy appeared:-Hey, Monkey, do you know what an Ice cream is?-No-Well because you seem to have one stuck on your head.) dialogues.But gameplay. Oh my, it was boooring."
,Recommended,245280,16633647,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Moe ilia,"Even after 2 years from its release this game still look pretty with great set pieces!The pacing is pretty good changing between combat platforming and boss fights and some minor things you wouldn't expect!Comabt is a little bit repetitive, but fluid and has a good feeling to it!Beating this game on hard truly gives you a sense of achievement!Characters feel believable and you tent to get attached to what is goin on between trip and monkey with some funny moments!Great game; I hope to see a sequel of some sort or something related to this universe!"
,Recommended,245280,13711397,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,chad28_69,"FromNinja Theory, the same developer that gave usHeavenly Sword, comesEnslaved: Odyssey to the West.Enslavedis an Action Adventure game with a story focus. There are some light puzzles, the platforming is contextual and easy but good looking, the hand to hand combat is fun and upgradable, and the third person shooting could have benefited from auto lock into the enemies. It will last you around12 hours. It has a Metracriticscoreof82(critics - Xbox 360) and7.9(users - Xbox 360).Overall, it is a great and beautiful game, it has interesting characters and world and fun combat, if you like action adventure games I recommend you this game.My Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,245280,13598776,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,OneSpeed,"One of the best singleplayer games I’ve ever played.Incredible voice acting, beautiful artwork, good gameplay and (unusually for a game) a story I actually cared about. Sound is good too.Not the best PC port, but keyboard and mouse is playable. (and makes the staff much easier to use as the sensitivity scaling is really odd regardless of what control setup you use.) You'll also probably need to set the difficulty to max in order to find the combat any-way challenging.All in all, This game is certainly worth your time."
,Recommended,245280,8407119,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheCrimsonGhost,"Enslaved's story is set far in the future after most of humanity has been destroyed.  This is at no time really explained, but signs in the environment and off handed bits of conversation suggest that there was a war involving mechs, and we lost.  You play as Monkey, a lone wolf who grew up alone in the wilds of the post-apocalypse.  After being captured by a group of slavers, Monkey is freed in the midst of another prisoner's escape.  After crashing to the ground, Monkey finds himself enslaved - a young woman named Trip (I really hated her for most of the game) has bound Monkey to her will using a control headband, demanding that he help her find her way home.  Monkey's fate is bound to Trip's survival, if she dies, he dies bottom line.Enslaved is a magnificent looking game, for the most part.  Set in the post-apocalyptic world moving past the end of humanity.  Its character design is also robust and distinctive, some people complained about the character design, it was overly bright, to flashy and so on.  Personally, I enjoyed the Chinese fable/Road Warrior gear and the animalistic mechs that featured prominently through out the game, and Enslaved manage to present destroyed but recognizable landmarks giving a sense of the magnitude of the destruction at hand.Surprisingly, the relationship between Monkey and Trip does develop midway through the game (I still hated her).  It begins as a deviant take on cooperation as Trip rigs Monkey's headband for command and control, linking her fate to his.  Over time the story allows them to build a relationship that cleverly avoids the easy clichés the setup would typically stumble into, instead allowing something believable and even moving at times.  While the voice acting in Enslaved is excellent, this has just as much to do with some of the best facial animation in a game this generation.  Characters emote convincingly, and allow Enslaved to explore their discovery, loss, and revelation effectively as a result - when you see someone cry, it's not presented by a shiny drop running down their face, it's shown in the way their whole face falls and turns.As a reviewer, it’s sometimes hard to assign a number to an experience, and Enslaved presents that challenge. It has flaws for certain, from dodgy controls and limited combat, to a conclusion that feels less like an ending and more like the story just ends, it still manages to hold together.  As a trip through an interesting, beautiful world covering ground that hasn’t been effectively tread in games, with a strong narrative and engaging, believable characters, it provides something unique.  If you can look past its flaws, Enslaved might surprise you as much as it did me."
,Recommended,245280,10054179,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,The Sparky,"This game is the definition of ""Diamond in the rough"". on every aspect this is an awesome title, from the characters, to the voice acting, graphics, gameplay and story. I never once find myself bored playing this, and its a shame that it didn't get the amount of attention that it deserved. this is a must play for anyone who enjoys mature RPG type platformers. and they optimized it for the PC PERFECTLY!. get this game! 9/10-The Boss"
,Recommended,245280,18229802,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Jetstream SλM,Loved it.
,Recommended,245280,9389782,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Van Tuan Tran,"Awesome game, while playing it i almost forgot about time. Many are complaining about graphic issues, i only had one problem that was graphic related and that one was not a big issue. I played it with controller and can recommend it to anyone to play it with controller."
,Recommended,245280,7552263,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Edge,"The Last of Us owes a lot to Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. Not only is The Last of Us built around a burgeoning relationship between two characters who are with each other throughout their journey, like Enslaved, but The Last of Us also boasts a well-realised art style similar to Enslaved's in that it emphasises light, ruin and lush vegetation. Though also like Enslaved, The Last of Us is somewhat let down by the actual nitty-gritty of its gameplay. While Enslaved's platforming is competent, straightforward and fast, its combat very quickly becomes repetitive and frustrating - it really doesn't seem designed to cope with groups, and believe me, there are a lot of group combat scenarios. It's still absolutely worth playing, though, and while its story doesn't push the envelope in quite the same way as the story in The Last of Us, it's still an enjoyable journey with genuinely interesting characters through a stunning gameworld. Just make sure you fiddle with the graphics options in the .ini file first."
,Recommended,245280,14465476,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,TunTunWarrior365,"Just A Really Great GameFun game, very linear but delivers a good story and makes a great game. In many ways Enslaved reminds me of Jak and Daxter from PS2.Gameplay is fun, the combat is simple but hard to master, the puzzles offer a challenge, the platforming flows nicely and the level design is excellent.The story is well paced, the characters are interesting and all have their own personalities, the voice acting and annimations are great.I managed to rush through the game in 7 hours, which is admittedly quite short but I enjoyed the experience and quality always beats quantity. I am still yet to play through the Piggy DLC which should give me an extra few hours gametime and I may decide to hunt for all the masks at a later date.For fans of Tomb Raider, Jak and Daxter and any other platformer, Enslaved is not a game to be missed!"
76561198038335264,Recommended,245280,14879681,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Monkey King,"A wonderful sleeper hit, as well as arguably the longest escort mission in gaming history. ENSLAVED is themed off of the chinese classic journey to the west, reimagined with a post apocalyptic twist. The entire game has a mysterious allure about it with the greatest charm coming from the ending where you just really don't know who was right."
,Recommended,245280,19513295,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ewiger Hass,"What happens when you put a descendant of Son Goku and Michael Townley in a futuristic sci fi scenario?This game. That's what happens.+ Nice gameplay+ Great visuals, the scenarios are beautiful+ Good storyline, awesome plot and ending.+ Nice ambient usage for puzzles and acrobatic movements+ Nice jokes sometimes+ Protagonist is a clear reference to Son Goku (Nickname's Monkey, rides a ""Cloud"" (actually a tech device), wields a huge staff)+ Dude really looks like Michael's gone super sayian- Weird camera sometimes (adjusting mouse sensibility to your liking is a must)- Jumping from a place to another is a bit buggy really often, not much to concern thoughIf you like games with the playstyle of Assassins Creed or Prince of Persia, you'll like this too.My total thumbs up for it."
,Recommended,245280,14170632,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,celeste_ar,"I was pleasantly surprised by how good this game was.A Grand adventure set in a peculiar post-apocalyptic world. Story and gameplay sections are seamlessly blended together, reminicent of how Half-life 2 does its narrative. it all feels very dynamic and polished.  Pacing is great. Gameplay is varied and always feels fresh.The game might not be a ""game of the year"" or something you absolutely have to play before you die. Because it doesn't really innovate or have something super special about it. But not every game has to be like that. Enslaved: odyssey to the west is a competent and entertaining game in its own right, You really can't go wrong with this title. So if you're considering to buy this, you will most likely not be disappointed."
,Recommended,245280,13261014,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Jakob_Pavlov,"Another Steam sale undiscovered gem.A great game, not without flaws, but I feel confident ranking it up high amongst all the best single player experiences I've had.A mix of platforming and brawling, both done competently....but it's the characters that kept me coming back.I played with a X-Box controller.....not sure what it would be like on keyboard and mouse.Buy it and enjoy it. I wish I'd played it years ago.One last thing, my daughters (seven and five) watched me play sections of all but the last few chapters. They were captivated by the beauty of the world, daddy doing death-defying climbing feats, and l felt comfortable with them watching as the violence is limited to ""bashing a few robots""."
,Recommended,245280,11803046,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,๖ۣۜR3BORN,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is an absolutely fantastic journey that serves as a re-imagining of the classic Chinese novel of the 16th century, Journey to the West (translated into Monkey and abridged for english speakers). The novel is an extended account of a Buddhist Monk named Xuanzang (also known as Tripitaka), as he journeys to the west, fraught with danger and trials - travelling with the protection of three sinners seeking atonement. These three protectors (Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie, and Sha Wujing), each make an appearance in the video game, in one form or another. Enslaved is a creative take on the subject, so expect many unique and interesting variations on the story.Enslaved: Odyssey to the West's main draw is it's absolutely gorgeous visuals, which are bright, detailed and compelling for such a sombre post-apocalyptic atmosphere. The soundtrack is an ambient masterpiece, full of wistful tones and quirky beats. It meshes into the stories journey almost seamlessly, which really attributes to the games total atmospheric effect. Ambient sound effects bring life (or the sense of abandonment), to the game as well - from birds chirping in the distance, to the sound of the wind rushing through the foliage. The motion capture techniques used are excellent, especially the facial animations. Characters show genuine emotion (and thanks to the absolutely fantastic actor performances), manage to sound genuine as well! Andy Serkis and Lindsey Marie Shaw deserve much praise for their performances!With that being said, the mechanics of the game are a fair step down in quality. Gameplay IS entertaining, but lacking in anything new. Combat is enjoyable, although there are not many variations on how to tackle an enemy. Stun shots, power swings, light hits and heavy hits. Shields, wide attacks, counters, etc. It's generic, but secondary in regards to the visuals and story. Platforming in the game is efficient and fast. You essentially spam jump + direction to get to your destination. You can't jump in the wrong direction, nor can you actually fall... so don't expect a platforming experience similiar to Uncharted or Tomb Raider. You don't have to watch where you're going or what you're pressing. The greatest issue as far as I'm concerned, unfortunately, is the poor use of the camera system (especially for the PC). When in combat, or while running around, the camera tends to zoom into a wall here, a ledge there, or a piece of sky over yonder! This game is NOT optimized for keyboard and mouse. Neither are the graphical settings. In order to change any of the settings, you would need to access the actual files for the game to represent any changes in graphics and controls. Nothing can be changed ingame.Now, while this title has it's fair share of flaws (from it's gameplay mechanics to it being an abysmal port), it still boasts stunning visuals, a fantastic soundtrack, and an excellent story with memorable characters and scenes. I would recommend this game to any fan of the genre, as it's worth the money and the time spent!"
76561197976675214,Recommended,245280,10961416,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mishkin,"Such an underrated game. I can't believe I didn't hear anything about it for years after it was first released. It certainly has its flaws, but the in-game world and voice acting are very good, and the story is compelling.You play as this agile monkeyman on steroids, whose character design I am not a huge fan of, but he fits the role perfectly as you traverse the levels through acrobatic puzzles. The combat is in the same vein as God of War and Devil May Cry, but it is very simplified and has limited combo options. However, the combat is still entertaining and is not what this game is about. This is a very cinematic experience with many cut-scenes and progressing through the narrative adventure is what really keeps you going.Aside from the the monkeyman that you play as (aptly named ""Monkey""), I felt that the characters were designed very well, and again the voice acting is great across the board. Animations are smooth and satisfying, and the environments are beautiful and detailed.The writing is pretty good, except for a few small things (e.g. ""EMP pulse"" is redundant) but if you are able to look past the minor flaws in this game, I think it is definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,245280,10999473,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mavinillo,Must have & must play. The game gets much better at the final chapters. Enjoyable with a nice story and fun characters.Recommended.
76561198058762407,Recommended,245280,19842513,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Magnus Greel,"Just finished playing this game, and I can't recommend it enough.Yes, the graphics are a little dated when compared to visual masterpieces like Wolfenstein: The New Order.  Yes, the gameplay is linear.  Yes, it's a pretty straight console port where they didn't even bother to change the word 'console' to PC.  Yes, the controls are annoying and the camera angles are irritating.But...  this game is FUN.  The storyline is interesting enough, but the game really shines through its two main characters--the hulking Monkey and the tech-clever Trip and their journey from a slaver ship to freedom.  The way the characters change and their relationship is charmingly set out, and even though other games have done this sort of pairing better (e.g. Last of Us), it's still a great experience.The combat and action sequences are straight out of a big-budget action flick and the best console platforming.  The combat isn't too difficult (if I can get through it, anyone can!) and neither are the platforming puzzles, but there's a joy to this game which is rarely found in gaming these days.  It's just plain, outright fun.  Even the 'filler' missions never get boring, and it's very well paced.The graphicsaredated, but I think they really push the capabilities of Unreal Engine 3 to deliver a satisfying experience.  This is a post-apocalytpic world, but unlike the grey-brown ruins that most games delivery, this world is gorgeous.  The ruins of the old cities are hauntingly recognisable, but nature is slowly taking them back--this game is simply gorgeous and uses its backdrops and lighting to the best effect.  Even the metal monstrosities that litter its landscapes are interesting and intriguing to look at.And as for the grand finale...  one of the most awesome and explosive action-packed climaxes ever.  It's slightly predictable, but worth playing through--and the ending is quite well done.10/10 would rip off a mech's arms backwards and shoot it with its own gun again."
,Recommended,245280,10571120,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FlukeRogi,"If you originally missed this on console, it's well worth grabbing (especially if you nab it while it's at a bargain price in the sale).It's showing it's console roots a bit these days, but still looks good overall and easily holds 60fps unlike the console original. You might want to force a bit of AA on in your graphics drivers though, as there aren't many graphics options in-game.Do get a copy though - thoroughly recommended for those who like a mainly melee based action adventure."
,Recommended,245280,10564345,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Vicousvern,"A remarkable platforming adventure, that is somewhat underrated. The game is easy to control and not too difficult yet also provides challenges to keep it interesting. Alongside plenty of opportunities allowing players to explore and adore the beautiful dystopian sceneries.Previously only available on consoles, this gem is still visually superior to many of the last generation games. Combined with good solid gameplay, this is one of those games that should be enjoyed by everyone!"
76561198053051204,Recommended,245280,11909171,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,C L A I R E,"Love the vibe of this game, reminds me of Jak & Daxter, Blades of time, and avatar all mixed together.Interesting storyline, one of those games you can play a second and third time and enjoy it just as much.Only irritating thing is damn camera angles........I also love that you can piggyback Trip whenever you want, so cute."
,Recommended,245280,12398707,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,[CPCFF]Big_Adam,"Really enjoyed this game. Trip isn't an annoying escort mission, she mostly looks after herself. Her and Monkey have a really nice relationship going. Platforming is mostly idiot proof, combat is fun and challenging at times,But that ending.Urg.Great game let down by a bloody aweful ending."
,Recommended,245280,10919166,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OmegaNine,"This is a good old fashion platformer that there are not enough of anymore.  It’s not super long, it’s not super challenging, but the story and game play has a lot of love put in it.  Its fully voice acted and has a fun little story that pushes the game play along.  I would recommend bumping up the difficulty a little if you’re a gamer though.  Other than that it’s a great title with a lot of good."
,Recommended,245280,11798320,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,wackozacko,"Awesome game! Great story, great writing, even better voice acting, smooth gameplay and an incredibly beautiful world all add up to a fantastic experience.Combat is fun and rewarding. There are enough moves and combos for you to put together to make most battles different and the range of enemies is pretty good, though not amazing.There are some minor puzzle challenges that are relatively easy (no Myst here), but a little time consuming so they could be annoying to some.Character advancement is thorough enough for you to customise abilities to your preferred combat style.It may also have been a little too easy, but I tend to play games for the entertainment value rather than the challenge of beating them so this didn't bother me at all.And entertainment is this games strong point. All games should learn the lesson - HIRE GOOD VOICE ACTORS! It makes a noticeable difference. If you're a fan of story driven games like Bioware's or Quantic Dream's games, then you'll enjoy ENSLAVED."
,Recommended,245280,13714546,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[GoC] Col. Mustard,"While I am normally hesitant to recommend what is essentially a console port, ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the West does so many things right it would be a crime not to. The visuals are spectacular, the characters beautifully animated (or grotesquely, in the case of Pigsy), the voice acting top notch and the script is actually pretty good. Gameplay is generally good fun too although it's spoiled somewhat by annoying camera angles. Is it a good adaptation of ""Journey to the West""? I'm no expert but despite it being a very liberal, post-apocalyptic take on the tale set in America, I think it is."
,Recommended,245280,19994382,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,bloody.sneaker,"Another underrated game of the old gen. Great story, good gameplay and wonderful scenarios. A must play."
,Recommended,245280,13804092,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mirkwood,"I love this game. I was already prepared to like it, but even those expectations were blown away. Halfway through it takes an unexpected turn, and towards the end it gets even better. Beautiful, colourful, funny, good music...In a game like this, I usually dread melee combat, and partake in it purely to move to next section, but once you get the hang of it, the combat here has a really nice flow to it, and actually presents a good challenge.My only gripes with this game are really a result of it's console origins. The restrictive nature of the platforming is really disappointing. It FEELS good, because the animations are so smooth and fast, but there's no more to it then jumping to the next glowing thing on the wall. Which is a shame because I think this game could have really benifited from more open platforming. The mouse aiming is also pretty bad.The options menu is a joke, but if you're willing to dive into .ini files and your graphics card settings, you can get this game to look absolutely stunning.Definitely worth playing!"
,Recommended,245280,13625774,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Morgan_X,"One of the best gaming experiences on any platform. Still holds up after all this time. This game will never be properly appreciated and unfortunately will never see it's sequel. At less than $10, it's a must buy. Ninja Theory is one of the best!I've read some of the negative comments and wanted to edit my review to add a few things regarding those:I personally have had no glitches or bugs. No random reboots or restarts. I do have a pretty new and high end custom built PC. i7-4790K, 100% SSD, GTX 970. Oh, I will say this, things loaded a little fast when I had it installed on my SSD Raid 0. Putting it on a non Raid SSD went fine.This is a console port, with controls designed for an Xbox Controller. I highly recommend an Xbox Controller for PC though any gamepad will do. If your'e a FPS player it is unreasonable to expect a console gamepad based game to be rewritten for keyboard and mouse. That's just silly. If you can only use keyboard and mouse, or don't have a gamepad, then I woulld not recommend you play this game for that reason.For best graphic performance and appearance, you should tweak the monkeyengine.ini using one of the many guide available in the discussion forums here. You will be rewarded with a visual treat.The camera is not ""that"" bad. It could have been better, but hardly interferes with gameplay.If you think the action may be too easy, then play it on hard. You can race through just about any game avoiding as much action and ignoring collectibles and achievements and call it easy. What's the point? Unless you have obtained all the achievements, don't want to hear how easy you think it is. I'm down to ""Got the Horn"", ""Tech Curator"", and ""Great Sage Equal of Heaven."" Then I'll store this one away for my kids to play. As someone else mentioned in their review, there's no killing humans.This truly is one of the best overall games I've ever played. Perfect, no. Must have, yes.For those having trouble with Chapter 2, you can jump on top of the cars and remember to use Trip's decoy to distract the turret."
76561197983632634,Recommended,245280,8183571,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,A.W.E.S.O.M.-O 4000,"fun game, pretty easy to tweak up the graphics, very stable.  It looks great in 1920 x 1080 and the combat mechanics are challenging."
76561198020576757,Recommended,245280,13509033,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,canaithlydian,"The primary focus of this ""game"" is the story, and if you are a story kind of gamer, you'll like it. The characters are awesome and the animation and voice acting are a very big deal. I was way into the story. I would've watched a CGI movie with the story and characters in this game, and sometimes I wish that had been an option, because the game itself sort of suffers.The game itself suffers in three ways. First, the !@#@!%! camera has a mind of its own, and sometimes it moves around at the oddest times. Moving around is sometimes trial and error, because sometimes ""up"" is ""left"" or ""right"" is ""up"". Secondly, there are occassional scenes where you have to catch Trip being carried away by something. These scenes work almost like quick-time events and you have to die until you know which way to bob and weave. Third, the way you increase your abilities has NOTHING to do with the awesome story at all. You just wander around gathering glowing orbs. You need these, so Trip may say ""hurry!"" and you have to decide not to. You gather orbs no matter what she says, because you need them to buy things FROM HER, but you never mention these orbs and neither does she. This is an immersion breaker.All the frustrating lack of elegance in the game play, though, did not keep me from loving the story and the characters. The game was just the right length in that regard, or the frustrating game play might have become old.Now.... let me say, however, that the grand finale boss fight was absolutely great fun.I'm sad that there wasn't a sequel, because Trip and Monkey have become friends of mine. I'm gonna miss them. :)"
,Recommended,245280,25324534,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Naji Hokon,"I bought this game quite some time ago and put it on the back burner as I played others. I finally gave Enslaved the chance it deserves, and you should, too.Superb voice acting, fun combat, and a well written dialoge help to propel this into that category of games that is richly rememberable.The only negative thing I have to say about Enslaved is that the camera during several of the scenes drove me nuts. I am not a fan of the twisty turny camera that they use here to track action, and it caused me to take a few hits more than once. That said, the quality of the game helped me to overlook this problem.I highly reccomend playing Enslaved, I am not dissapointed with the purchase."
,Recommended,245280,13027104,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"Great adventure game. Really good story, memorable characters, nice aesthetics, combat is pretty simple but rather satisfying. Deserved a lot more attention than it got, I hadn't heard of it until I found it on special. If you enjoy a good adventure game (and really who doesn't?) then you should check this out."
,Recommended,245280,8216199,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Dateranoth,"For a game that just dropped out of PC port hole in the sky it's still great. It plays just as well as the original did, and better as of the latest ghost patch.  Now the choppiness after cutscenes has been fixed for me.  Even at $20, if you haven't played this before I highly recommend giving it a go.  If you've played it before on console, you're not going to see much new, except the ability to tweak a few graphics settings for a better look.  Still, a solid game weighing about 9 hours for me.  Worth a replay for sure."
76561197970887820,Recommended,245280,31133214,Posted: 14 April,all,Mandrake42,"Enslaved is a sadly overlooked action adventure game inspired by the famous Journey to the West tale of Chinese legend (Any of you who have seen the TV show Monkey will know the story, even if you don't recognise Journey to the West). While the inspiration is very lose, it's still solid enough that I felt a connection.Enslaved uproots the story and places it in a post apocalyptic future where civilization has been destroyed in a long ago war. The ruins of man have been taken over by nature, with overgrowth slowly reclaiming our buildings and cities. The game begins with Monkey a prisoner on a massive slave ship. During the process of escaping he is enslaved by a fellow escapee, Tripitaka (Trip), who wants Monkey to help her get safely to her home far to the west, after which she promises to release him.The ruined world is overrun with hostile mechs, remenants of the old war, and Monkey will have to either fight or sneak his way around them, all the while making sure Trip survives. If Trip dies, the band on Monkey's forehead will give him a lethal shock, so it's in his own best interest to do so. Trip is not entirely helpless, if she gets caught, she can unleash an EMP blast that will stun enemies, hopefully long enough until Monkey can get there to save her. She can also create a hologram to distract enemies so that Monkey can sneak in close.The combat is reasonable, though perhaps a little simplitic. Monkey fights with a staff that can deal light or hard blows, by mixing things up he can create combos to do more damage. The staff can also shoot blasts that can either stun an enemy or damage them, though these require ammo and the ammo is often scarse. Scattered around the world are tech orbs that Monkey can collect and these effectively act as experience, allowing monkey to buy or ugrade skills from a skill tree. The tree is not hugely expansive but, like the combat, it does the job.The main draw of the game is the wonderfully vivid game world that is a lot of fun to explore. The graphics aren't hugely detailed, as to be expected from a game from 2010, but the art design is very evocative and I found the whole experience really very pleasing. The story is also quite good, coupled with the art desing, this is the main reason to play. The relationship between Trip and Monkey building slowly from resentment and anger to actual genuine friendship. It is well acted and convincing. Andy Serkis provides the voice and the motion capture for Monkey and he turns in a great performance.This edition also includes a spin off Pigsy story that takes place before the events of the main game. I don't want to say too much about this as it really was a pleasant surprise. Pigsy has none of Monkey's melee ability and is quite fragile if enemies spot him, so the gameplay for this DLC is entirely different, relying on stealth and getting to a good position so that Pigsy can bring his sniper rifle to bear. As I said, this one really took me by surprise, I wasn't expecting much but it was a lot of fun and the story itself is both funny and touching.Between the main story and the DLC, this is a great package and I wish the game had done better, as it really deserves to be more widely played.Excellent.8.5/10"
,Recommended,245280,12428240,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,redberg,"An exceptionally forgiving action game with simple yet fun combat mechanics.The major knock against this game is the final few chapters are rinse and repeat bordering on unnecessary; they could have easily been condensed into one or two chapters without losing a thing.It is also fairly short but due to the simple mechanics, it would overstay its welcome if it was any longer.This is a good game for someone who wants to ease into the action genre and those who want to see the mechanics of multiple popular titles such as Tomb Raider & Assassin's Creed in one place.Basically, a short, easy, and fun ride with a decent enough story along with great voice acting performances."
,Recommended,245280,11341457,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mikon,"The art is top notch and the game has a pretty nice mechanic when it comes to fighting.There were a few minor glitches(annoying, but unimportant), and the plataform parts were a little bit too easy. The puzzles were ok.Voice actors were top notch too.The history... well...lacks something: what's the story of the antagonist? Why did he turn to a villain?Also, the ending shows something that was already shown in other movies/games, so nothing surprising, just decent.7/10 is my final evaluation for this game"
76561198007393161,Recommended,245280,12360592,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Slothfrenzy,Such a deliciously original game! if you like Rachet and Clank or Jak and Daxter then the companion style game play will be familiar. The story is fantastically free of cliches and stereotypes. This game has everything to love!
,Recommended,245280,12920846,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,yakuza963,"Going to keep this short and simple.This game is fantastic. Great story, endearing characters, superb voicework and facial animations, and a very colorful artstyle.Yes, it's a bit of your usual action/adventure gameplay with some platforming and puzzles thrown in. But it works, and works well.Easily near the top of my list of favorite games."
,Recommended,245280,20555675,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[MIT] Isoric,Great Game. A must buy.
76561198013227967,Recommended,245280,20663215,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,DreamPod9,"Never read A Journey to the West.Have seen Dragon Ball.Need to read A Journey to the West.But even without reading the original source material, this is still one of the funnest action games I've played in a long time, and the ""nods"" to obvious Dragon Ball characters {Goku, Bulma and Oolong} with a Magnus the Robot Fighter style story line is a welcome treat."
,Recommended,245280,20053268,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Liam_Neeson,"I paid 5 bucks for it on steam sale. Totally worth it.Pros:+ VERY likable characters. You tend to get attached to them.+ They did a really good job on facial emotions.+ Story and the world they crated is pretty cool. Like, futurisitic jungle like. Mother Earth reclaimed the world.+ Combat controls are pretty tight.Cons:- Characters get stuck on everything causing you to have to restart at checkpoints. This happens to me often. I've had to restart from dying maybe twice so far. I've restarted the game about 7 times now because characters getting stuck on a step or next to a ladder.- It's a cheap platformer. All the puzzles, everything platformer related is about as simple as you can get. There's no challenge, you can't even fall off edges from bad timing, you just push 1 button and the game does the rest. The puzzles are so monotonous and pointless it feels like it's almost a middle school programming project. There's times you have to throw your partner ""Trip"" up to a handle or something for her to climb to get around. You're always told to find another way, a harder way to push the ""platforming"". You could, more easily, just go the route Trip takes but that would mean less jumping around like a monkey. It's POORLY implemented.- All the graphic options have to be set through an .ini file. Resolution doesn't even change when using the option in game. This is a POOR oversight, and how they missed it is beyond me. They obviously don't know the different between 1024x768 resolution and 1920x1080, because they'd have noticed when setting it to 1080 it never changes."
,Recommended,245280,25936546,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Svartsjö,how did this fall under my radar? how did this game fall under everyone's radar? the only reason I know about it is because of a reddit post about hidden gems.this game is a hidden gemenough said
,Recommended,245280,26563159,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SHAZOOO,"Very underappreciated game. Good story, likeable characters and very enjoyable combat system. Don't say that this is the best arcade but if you are fan of Batmans, Tomb Raiders and games like that, you will definitely enjoy it. Also, DLC Pigsy Perfect is one the best DLC ever, very funny and Pigsy is just hilarious. Play time is about 13 hours (main game plus DLC) but if you'll buy it on the sale, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,245280,19395450,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Hellzicke,"I absolutely LOVED it! Great story, superb characters and casting and fun gameplay. I really wanted a sequel!"
,Recommended,245280,34089990,Posted: 7 August,all,Jesterpunch,"Enslaved is a great game for one simple reason, it's a single player game that is story driven with enough variance and pace to keep you interested and engaged.SO MANY GAMES today are lost on those simple principles in replacement of making the game an online sandbox with souless multiplayer driven by microtransactions and endless grinding.If you want to experience a single player adventure game that knows what it is, there are few out there better than Enslaved."
76561197999069631,Recommended,245280,31019794,Posted: 8 April,all,FuehrerinFerkel,"Not a bad game, but combat gets somewhat reptetiv in the end.The characters are well animated and written. The whole setting seems a bit forced though and the ending isnt very satisfying.Still for a few bucks a good action game. Worth the players time."
,Recommended,245280,8394679,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gijsbert van Uden,"This game is cool. Filled with thrilling jumping and climbing action, puzzling routes, and challenging gameplay. Check it out."
76561198042706106,Not Recommended,245280,26074091,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,super_dingo95,The game is enjoyable enough but the port is kinda broken. I came to a game breaking glitch about 4 hours.
76561198021110857,Recommended,245280,12621915,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Netheil,"Man, this game was great!! Awesome graphics and spectacular fighting system, but most of all - the story, the ending! The immersion!!!It may be short, like so many story driven games these days, but it'd definately worth it- scratch that - I went back to check, the game on first playthrough took me 9 hours - that pretty long for modern story driven game, so even more worth it ^^. I know it's only loosely based on it, but I wish I've read the Journey to the West before playing the game.That's 9.5 out of 10 in my books."
,Not Recommended,245280,15086439,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Vipus,"Beautiful art direction and some great acting make Enslaved a joy to watch. Playing it (or actually making it work) is a whole different story...After a strong first Act, the story never really picks up and apart from Trip (The sexy tech-savvy redhead) there aren't really that many interesting characters. The Shallow gameplay (combat and plataforming) also make this an extremely repetitive game. Since this is a terrible port you'll also deal with some pretty nasty graphical glitches and a considerable amount of game breaking bugs. And please, don't even think about Alt+Tabbing while playing this. Yeah, it's THAT bad...The Add-on content is not that interesting either:Some extra skins for Monkey and Trip that you can only use on a New Game +, but since there's really no incentive for you to ever replay this game it's kind of pointless.There's also a side story that gives some much needed depth to one of the secondary characters. Unfortunately the game changes from a simplistic hack and slash to a Heavily scripted 3rd person stealth game. Needless to say, it doesn't really work very well..."
76561198091719793,Recommended,245280,10922005,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bixlorious,AWESOME DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH TYPE OF GAME. Seriously a great find. story telling and voice acting was spot on
,Recommended,245280,11095738,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Budheavier,The Graphics aren't terrible I liked the story somewhat and it was entertaining its not the best game in the world but it was def worth the 5$ i paid for it if it goes on sale or you just want a game with third person platformer that isn't terribly difficult and is just fun to play i would get it
76561198008769838,Recommended,245280,18190985,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Gasvaer,easily one of the best games on steam so....BUY IT FAST!!!!!
,Recommended,245280,19132858,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Stillness guy,"Great game and concept fun to play, interesting story.This game may have some fix for improve but still solid to play"
76561197970554803,Recommended,245280,19252094,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Squatingtiger,"Very quick review here.I'm super impressed. One of those games I just purchased on a whim after hearing or reading good reviews, didn't know much about it, so when it came up in a steam sale, just grabbed it and let it sit in my backlog.Nice, short and sweet. Supurb character development and a great story to go with it. I remember watching Monkey as a kid and it didn't click until the names of the characters started to ring a bell and did a bit of research on the story this game is based on.Anyways, graphically, pretty ok, considering the Unreal 3 engine is starting to look old. I had to tweak the .ini file to no ends to get this running above 20 fps on my decent pc. Problems with some ATI cards apparently, even though it runs games like Witcher 3 above 40fps on higher settings. Just beware, anything in the graphics options arent final, turning on some settings won't do the trick, you'll need to delve a bit deeper to get it running and looking nicer.Soundwise, meh, a lot of bangs and crashes which sound like people smacking trashcan lids together but I guess that's what beating up mechs is supposed to sound like. Music is actually half decent though.Gameplay. Well, it's good, I mean it's not God of war or Darksiders, heck the combat is nowhere near the fun of the Batman games but it seems to work enough to keep you going through to the end. Use a controller! Though I found the keyboard mouse setup worked well enough for me, some of the button combinations when you upgrade your skills arent exactly clear.What keeps you going through this game? To see what's at the end. This game is all about story. I wouldn't put it on the level of Mass effect epic but it's good.I didn't play through the Pigsy's perfect 10 DLC, I got the gist of it from watching the Letsplay cutscenes.One gripe. The other DLC, Monkey's ninja suit, classic monkey and Sexy trip robot, you can't use them until you complete the game....and you can't use one of monkeys appearances alongside trips sexy robot costume. Which, in my opinion look pretty darn good.Overall, get it on sale, even the current price tag is pretty good."
76561198005958992,Recommended,245280,19156768,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Chronolord,"A 6 hour long escort mission, that gets everything right. This is how they should be done. The re-imagined story is told very well. Though the controls can at times be a little wonky, there was never a dull moment."
76561198005762995,Recommended,245280,18719489,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,coe.tony,"Wow! I can't believe that I have had this game in my library for ages and I only just got round to playing it!The game is a sci-fi action game that really stands out because of it's fantastic story.. A sci-fi reimagining of the classic Chinese adventure story of the Monkey king. Not wanting to give too much away, but the adaptation really works, anchoring the action with a well crafted narrative and a small but memorable cast of characters,The mechanics of the game are solid, if not ground-breaking, with a mix of  melee combat, ranged combat, climbing and some good set pieces, all from a third-person perspective. Voice acting is good, although the cast is small. It took me around 11 hours to play thorugh, but I took my time and you could definitely blitz through in a lot less.As I say, the thing that really makes the game stand out is the story. I thoroughly recommend it, particularly if (like me) you can pick it up in a sale."
76561198031757028,Recommended,245280,19393964,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,dooder85,"Honestly, this game was a blast.  The camera angles can be a little janky, and tweaking the .ini makes a world of difference - but the storyline is incredible. It's a bit of a button masher but I really loved it."
,Recommended,245280,19549319,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,peterg73,"Really excellent, beautiful game."
,Recommended,245280,19557656,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,agomezl,"Simple but satisfying gameplay, good history and characters you can really like."
76561198051199396,Recommended,245280,19650792,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,PsychoGypsy,"Fun new rendition of the Monkey King and Pig from the Journey to the West.  Really interesting evironment, futuristic / post-apocalyptic.I don't recall how much the game is full price but I did finish it (non-completionist) in about 9 hours, bit short to perhaps pay $20.But I really did enjoy playing it."
76561198049845854,Recommended,245280,19699500,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ニッキー,"One of the best games i played recently, Great storyline, never a boring mission, only minpoint is the weird camera angle."
76561198118619741,Recommended,245280,19977174,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ravenvale,"Getting to play as a big strong scary dude who works together with and protects his lovely and intelligent captor, in a world that's dangerous for both of them, might just be oddly satisfying to me personally, as a non-muscular person who likes cool girls. But the game has such beautiful environments, good voiceacting, fun gameplay (climbing on stuff, fighting crunchy robots with a staff, zooming around on some kind of hoverboard, collecting orbs, solving puzzles), and interesting character growth, I think lots of people would enjoy it. The ending was a bit... unexpected. But the journey there is what keeps bringing me back this this game. :)"
76561198006876766,Recommended,245280,20081591,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,StarboyxD,"First i was like ""not bad""shortly after it went to ""can i get my money back""but when you keep playing it gets better and better, with a nice story in it containing some funny and also beautifull moments.In the end, it was a really nice game to play!"
,Recommended,245280,15834022,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,blackshark64,"Score: 8/10Similar GamesMajin and the Forsaken Kingdom, Beyond Good and Evil, Castlevania: Lords of ShadowSummaryYou play as a big brawny dude named Monkey. The first goal when the game starts is to escape the slavers. As the game progresses you gain a tech savvy female companion who needs you to take her home. Using a combination of both your skills you will progress through the world and discover more about it. You will gain combat upgrades by leveling up. Eventually you will man large machine guns and use a hover board which helps break up the gameplay. I should also mention this game is somewhat based on a 16th century Chinese novel: Journey to the West.PositiveThe game is absolutely stunning. The post apocalyptic world reminded me of the animated film Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind. The story is very interesting even if the ending is kind of garbage. The voicing and sound in general are also pretty top notch. Facial animations were pretty good compared to most games of the year it came out in. The actual gameplay works as intended which for a platformer is about all you really hope for since most don't.NegativeAs mentioned the ending is very lackluster compared to the rest of the games story, but who knows maybe you'll like it. The mechanics are very basic and do grow tiresome, but luckily they change up the atmosphere quite nicely. The story was done well, but adding in journal entries or readable items would have been nice to give additional backstory or character development.ConclusionThe game sets out to give you an amazing story adventure and it succeeds at doing so. The game world is amazing, and the characters are believable. Truly a great experience.ValueThis game is fully worth the low asking price of $20 if not more."
76561198005650212,Recommended,245280,15782434,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,dcbernman,"I love this game. It was a huge breath of fresh air in a market of dusty, gritty post apocalypses, and while the main cast is only 3 characters, never have they felt so real. It's some of the best of the best, a delicious mix of quality voice acting, design, and animation/motion capture. Watching Pigsy waddle makes my day every time I see him. And that's where the heart of the game is, to me. The characters take the spotlight here. That said, the game is very linear, and the climbing sequences, while often breathtaking, have very clear quided paths. It's also a relatively short playthrough, somewhere around 8 hours, and it definitely feels like there were some missing scenes that got cut out (maybe it's just me, but don't worry, the story still holds up well). Despite this, I still loved every second of it. I can't fully explain how much I loved watching Monkey and Trip traverse their world, and it contains some of my favorite settings of all the games I've played. This is coming from someone who just stops and stares at wonders both virtual and natural, no matter my schedule. I found the combat to be fun, though simple, and moves can be unlocked/upgraded by finding orbs throughout the game.It's fine as far as ports go, but like many, it suffers from unclear controls. You'll probably have to look online to figure out how to counter, for example, which is something you'd think developers would have learned to deal with by now. Perhaps most sadening is that this game was clearly designed with sequels in mind. The ending is solid, so it's not a debilitating cliffhanger, but it's a crying shame this game didn't get the attention it so deserved. Hopefully we can send a big enough message of support via Steam that they'll pick up where the left off. Hey, naive hope for sequels is like, half of what being a gamer's about, right?"
,Recommended,245280,15010586,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,-bloodberry-,"You are Goku (your bro from Dragon Ball), fully equipped with extendable stick, flying cloud and super strength. You jump around and kill bad guys.A few bugs here and there (likes to crash if you Alt-Tab out, graphical glitches, etc.), some questionable auto-saves, horrible camera movements sometimes, keyboard+mouse in the menus is desastrous; but a nice experience. Beautiful character design and a very fun game overall. Heavily underrated. Play it."
,Recommended,245280,16687956,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,AllGamer,"Good story, minor graphical glitch, no windowed mode.Other than that, I find some of the key sequence actions rather annoying, not sure whose Developer's idea it was for games now in days to require a special key sequence combo timing, to pass certain part of the game.Just let players kill the monster as they please, and move on to the rest of the story line.nVidia surround users will have to hit Alt+R to change to single screen, as this game sucks in graphical controls and it won't let you change to the proper resolution, or let you switch to windowed mode."
76561198080598856,Recommended,245280,10841933,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pahsta,"Beautiful graphics, compelling sci-fi story and setting, and amazing voice acting and facial animations make this game come alive. I find the gameplay light, fun and at times thrilling, but others have mentioned that it's too guided and easy. Dark Souls players beware, I suppose!This game is in my top 5 games. It's worth playing again and again!"
,Recommended,245280,16780322,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,sh4rp3r,"After playing some RPG (I just finished DA: Inquisition) I wanted to play something more action oriented, so I was thinking   about re-installing Metal Gear Rising or Alice Madness Returns, but then I saw Enslaved in the summer sales and I thought about an old RPG game with the same name that I couldn't get at its time, but to my surprise it wasn't that RPG, it was an action, platformer game so I did some research of it and finally I deciced to purchase it, so glad I did.Just played the game for a couple of hours and it's definitely an amazing game, sure it's not perfect, but it is so good that its flaws are not perceptible, well at least for me.As a big fan of Andy Serkis' work, I can say that you can see and feel all his talent in the main character Monkey - should have called him Caesar ;) - he and Trip are two very likeable characters (is it me? or Trip looks like Emily Blunt), the gameplay is awesome (a gamepad is totally recommended), the story is great (I didn't read the book but now I'm gonna), the graphics are beautiful (running at max) the post-apoclyptic New York looks amazing (reminded me of I, Legend).I'm so glad I've found out this game that I've never heard before, truly an underrated game and an awesome hidden gem. A totally 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,245280,10582027,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,66 65 63 65 73,how long can we make a games name////////??????lets find ouT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198126939378,Recommended,245280,18246932,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,DeputyGovernorOfSmiles,"This game, right here.A lovely story and character driven game with some memorable platforming and fighting as well as outstanding performancesA retelling of the classic ' Journey to the West', this time written by Alex Garland (The Beach, 28 Days Later, Ex Machina, Dredd, Sunshine) and outstandingly overseen and performed by Andy Serkis.Pros:- Story, yes, it has one. yes it is a bit predictable, but well told and paced- characters, Monkey and trip are a delight. Serkis is brilliant in his role as Monkey, lending the character gravitas and depth.- game world and design. outstanding job. I found myself marveling at a few of the sights, even though the game is relatively 'old'- game mechanics, everything works properly, from fighting to platforming.Cons:- too short and no real re-play value due to it's linear storyVerdict:If you enjoy good acting and story, Enslaved offers this in spades. A must buy for any Serkis or Garland fans as both are on top of their game.It's not best of class in platforming and action, but it serves the story well.go get it :)"
,Recommended,245280,17983976,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,NuclearAnt,I've played through it 3 times and that really says something. Its rare that I finish a game even once.
,Recommended,245280,17993965,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Antipunk,"I was surprised to see such a low metacritic rating because I had heard some reviewers rave about this game. The story, acting, and graphics are all top notch. The gameplay gets a little repetitive toward the end, but everything else will keep you engaged. The controls are tight and playing the game feels great. The main character has great movement which is integral to the game. The story, while not Steinbeck, will keep you engaged and racing to the end. The animation and voice acting are second to none. The world is beautiful and the set pieces are well crafted to get the heart pumping. I beat it in about 6 hours which is perfect length for someone with way too many games and I had a great time. Enjoy"
,Recommended,245280,17920684,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,waffles,"It's hard for single player games to keep my attention for long - especially long enough to complete them - but I thoroughly enjoyed Enslaved and beat it in a short weekend. The story is great and there is enough variety in gameplay to keep the game interesting till the end. Also, for a console port, this game runs great on PC. I didn't encounter a single bug in my near 13 hours of play."
76561198187557534,Recommended,245280,18105355,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,WashAndGoII,A great game really fun with great gameplay!!!And seriously 60 fps beautiful graphics!!!Althouth those cinematics look terible at 30 fps lock...
76561197977273489,Recommended,245280,18480061,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Fret0426,"One of the most enjoyable platform games I've ever played.  I like this game because the story is interesting, the voice acting is top notch, and it isn't too hard.  It's just plain fun.  It is very linear, but I don't think that's a bad thing.  Sometimes you just want a game that isn't too difficult and you can just get lost in.  Most games that aren't linear can get frustrating and confusing, but not this one.  I've played through the first nine levels in 5 hours, not sure how many there are but was having so much fun I thought I'd write this review.   While the game is a little quirky on the looks for some parts, the overall visuals are great considering it's five years old when I'm writing this."
76561198064582586,Recommended,245280,18652055,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,steven,Love the visuals and everything about this game. Not the most challenging to just get through the game but I always found it interesting. Plenty to do if you chase the achievement.
,Recommended,245280,18574986,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,wedusk101,"Good game. Great animation. Charming cast of characters. Average gameplay. Mediocre PC port. Overall, worth the asking price. 7/10"
76561198087032000,Recommended,245280,18087866,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Phoenix91,Beautiful well made and told game. I actually beat it on console and bought it here to support the sale. Its been a very long time but i still hope for a continuation of the series. Really takes me back to the good old story telling days.
76561198001446464,Recommended,245280,18090076,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Kri :Mako:,Amazing game if you prefer to keep an elevated heart rate an enjoy feeling like a badass with an awesome digital girlfriend.  Do not turn down a chance to play this game.
,Recommended,245280,10814363,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sir Parsa,"I've finished this game in 2 days, I should say that the Start of Story and JOURNY is so boring till chap 5 The characters names are not suitable but it's OK I have so many problems with camera view BUT HERE is a solution for you guys try to use WASD keys in over views and put X.Y cor on 6 .... cinematic of this game is so perfect and it's the only reason makes this game interesting . The end of the game is perfect I HAVE TO SAY IT'S AN AMAZING END."
76561198066420462,Recommended,245280,18756163,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ender,"I wish this game got more attention than it did. It's a great game. Good story, fun combat, great character interaction and development, and good atmosphere. If your reason for gaming (like me) is escapism. This is a good choice. Get it."
,Recommended,245280,12919039,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Leiwaan,"fantastic story, great art and fun combat & platforming.until the last 30 mins."
,Recommended,245280,12909176,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/crossfiretarget,"It's a very beautiful looking game, good voice acting, and a challenge for adventure types.  I love games that don't give you dodge commands, you have to figure out when to on your own, I really like that bit."
76561197970859123,Recommended,245280,8079916,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Heroic,"Für mich eines der besten Action/Adventures. Wunderbares Design, abwechslungsreichens Gameplay, einfaches, aber hervorragend funktionierendes Kampfsystem, mitreißende Story mit glaubwürdiger Charakterentwicklung. Enslaved macht in meinen Augen eigentlich alles richtig sieht jetzt auf dem PC dank 1080p, Anti Aliasing und V-Sync sehr schön aus. 9/10"
76561198014990040,Recommended,245280,13941108,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,takista,"I gave 97 out of 100 to this game.  -1 for grip bug, -1 for turret gun control difficulty especially in ep 2.  and  -1 for title menu design. This game is almost perpect in other aspects. Good story, nice music and to be able to skip movie and easy to finish. It is a blessing to play Enslaved. It is better than Dead space 1,2 and Duke nukem forever. I want to play the sequel. Thanks to developers and designers for this nice game."
,Recommended,245280,14036235,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Luke Barton,"I had fun playing this game.  I played through start to finish with 0 crashes.  The story is nice, and the free Pigsy dlc adds value.  I clocked over 15 hours of gameplay, which is good for an action game like this."
76561198026191162,Recommended,245280,13819080,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,gunthermst3k,"I know the complaint has been in the past that the game mechanics at times are a little simple, especially the jumping aspect (since you technically can't miss the jump ever), but I still found it to be a fun game with some degree of difficulty.  It is a relatively short game, but its very entertaining, and I felt worth the price I paid.  The story was excellent, and I liked the questions it raised all the time having fun playing the game.  I also enjoyed the character of Trip where she was not the usual useless baggage of an escort but actually could do things in the game to help you progress.  I am playing through a second time to try and get more acheivements, see what things I might have missed the first time around and because its fun.  I recommend this game as a fun game to play and just pass some time."
,Recommended,245280,13998314,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Putin On The Ritz,"TL;DR - Enslaved was pretty ok and worth a playthrough if you can get it for cheap and don't mind an almost complete lack of depth.If you enjoy a mindless action game with decently fun combat that you can just shut your brain off and mash buttons through, I'd definitely recommend Enslaved. That may sound like a negative review but I like to think it's just honest. This game won't blow your mind with deep characters, plot or mechanics but sometimes you just want to cruise through a game without having to worry about complex upgrade paths, convoluted plot points or a myriad of characters to remember. Sometimes you just want to beat the crap out of some mechs.Now, there are some simple upgrades that can be done and the plot, while fairly superficial throughout most of the game, does have kind of an interesting twist at the end. Will any of it blow you a way? Almost certainly not. I personally enjoyed it well enough, though, to at least finish it, which I can tell you is rare. My expectations weren't exceptionally high, so that helped I'm sure, but I did get out of it precisely what I was expecting. Maybe that just means I'm not picky, who knows. But for what I paid for it, I'd say I got my money's worth."
76561198013222048,Recommended,245280,13937753,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nikuda64,"Characters: Characters are very impressionable! Main character ya control reminds me so much of shrek for some reason. The names are uh...not very creative, but totally matches the characters. Guess the creators didn't wanna name the poor guy Wu Kong.Story: Concept is pretty good! Not quite sure how the main character got captured from the start considering all the epic stuff the guy is capable of. It's kinda like the Last Of Us except mechs instead of zombies, and the little girl you're escorting is not so little and bossy. Ending needs work though. All the mask glitches showing random pics finally gets explained, but is mostly pointless. The ending wasn't bad, but the way it was suddenly cut off was very annoying.There are a few more annoyances, but they could just be easily glossed over and give ya a quick laugh. Each chapter completion achievements is witty and punny! Hehe.Gameplay: Jsyk, I played this game on easy. Very glad too! The camera is obnoxiously finicky and disorienting! There weren't very many game settings options to help make the game easier. Ya get used to it after a few chapters, but it's still very annoying. Puzzles are easy to do, but the movement to certain anchor points are finicky. Poor monkey was torched waaaaaay too many times.The game is worth to play once through. Really depends how much you can tolerate the camera. Definitely one of those games you should only get when on sale."
,Recommended,245280,14034258,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,salxicha,"Solid adventure with good history, a few brawler action but not exagerated, puzzles and very interesting worldI though this game would be combat centric since it was produced by Ninja Theory, I was completely wrong. The combat is there but isn't the main feature of the game and all mixing between puzzles and brawling worked pretty well.Reading the reviews I found that several folks was complaining on the game been locked on 30 fps, I had never this problem so I guess this was fixed in a patch,Premium included - DLC : Pigys Perfect 10In the EXTRAS menu you will find this DLC, it is like a stealth fat simulator where you play as Pigsy (one of the folks you find in the campaing).I found it to be funny so I recommend to play it as well."
,Recommended,245280,13848370,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Harry,Good game but should add more combo skills :)
,Recommended,245280,13916693,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,DrFred,"It has a good, not excellent, but enjoyable plot, with well written characters, great writing and voice acting, and some genuinely funny moments.The gameplay is a bit repetitive, consisting mainly of solving light puzzles, navigating environments with Monkey's acrobatic abilities, and fighting robots, but manages to keep varied enough to carry you through the end.It has incredibly detailed animations and facial expressions.It's a disappointment because if this game had a bigger budget it could have gone much farther than this. Still a good buy, I would recommend it."
76561198015955130,Recommended,245280,12940469,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,javis,"wery weird game :) Dont get me wrong, I think it was actually weird good game.the soundtrack: great!the design was awesome, so colorfull and beautifull.the gameplay - the bad part - too easy, not enough moves, repetitive, small amount of enemies, all average.the Trips face - I remember the face, from a game that Ninja Theory made after this - the devil may cry (actually it uses the same engine and gameplay)The ending was great.... full of questions and speculation.The whole game has a nice aritstic feeling.The interaction between the protagonist was good too(a really light ""love"" story.I liked this. Ninja Theory can do a good games.I give it a 8!PS: buy it on sale (about 4 euros/dollars) and you dont regret that."
76561198035880142,Recommended,245280,12946293,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Lavath,"Short version:Great character development and an interesting story. Visuals are good even though the game is a few years old now. Combat, climbing, and platforming are all fun, even though some parts can get repetative.Downsides:Death by Camera Angles. Collision (non)detection during combat can mean wasted ammo at times. Controls can feel a little clunky but nothing gamebreaking.All in all, certainly a fun game and worth checking out."
,Recommended,245280,13040452,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Spanabell,"LOVE this game, if you like tomb raider/unchartered with a touch of ninja skills, you will like this game. Game mechanics aren't anything to get excited about, but they do the job. Nice extras for completing the game, and I personally like the story line. You could do a lot worse."
76561198001793912,Recommended,245280,15148040,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,notme_nothere,This is a good port.  An easy to play game. Responsive control. Can be played up close or sniper distance. The more so when you collect all the mods. Played it through a few times now so that may tell you I enjoy it still.
76561198039773812,Recommended,245280,14879312,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MrDarkDevel,Outside of a shadow issue in Cut scenes one of my most favourite games
76561198005701722,Recommended,245280,15272906,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Tonerbox,"When you think about post apocalyptic world, you think of dark and gloomy.  But this one isn't anything like that at all, it has vibrant colorful world.  The awesome looking atmosphere is probably what I love most about this game.Control is good using a Xbox controller, but I felt that the control seems restricted, it might be due to the lack of variation of moves.  So, I think gameplay feels a bit dull because of that, and that's my only complaint for this game.  Some parts of the game require you to interact with NPC character to get thru the game, so this game isn't just all about brute force button mashing.Voice acting is great, along with good facial animation during cutscenes, all that made characters feel very alive.  Also, loved the length of the game, about 10+ hours, and have adequate amount of cutscenes, not too long or too short.After you finish the main game, you get to play this side adventure of this other character in the game.  Its alright, not as good as the main game, but its still a nice addition.Overall, a very decent action adventure game.  Personally I think this is one of those more underrated games, which I always enjoy playing and reviewing it."
,Recommended,245280,15291048,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Anomalous Qualia,"An hack 'n slash action/platformer, it's kind of like an inferior, simplified PG-13 version of God of War. And all of your enemies are robots. DLC is integrated into the game (only the Premium Edition is on Steam), where you get to play as a side character. The DLC's gameplay is very different from the base game - it's a third person shooter where you get 2 throwable bombs (decoy and EMP stun) as well as 2 remotely-detonated bombs that you drop right next to you (an explosive and a blast that turns anything that it hits into a friendly for a while). Though the play time for the DLC is much shorter than the base game, I thought it was superior to the base game. The story tugged at my heart strings and the gameplay was a lot more varied. Unlike the main base game it didn't overstay it's welcome.I would HIGHLY recommend playing this game with a controller. Using a mouse to navigate menus and changing keybinds is a pain. Certain special combo attacks are also really hard to do with a KB/M setup. I'm also pretty sure that the maximum resolution the game renders at is 720p and you're not going to get graphics that are better than the console version. This console port could use a little more work, fortunately it's very glitch free.The girl, Trip, is absolutely beautiful and stunningly sexy. She is the most attractive female I've ever seen in the 21 years of my life."
76561198054284980,Recommended,245280,14223656,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jaeger Bomb,"One of my personal favourites, I just love the story, setting and characters of Enslaved. You play as Monkey, an athletic and strong man that ends up with Trip, a technology-savvy, intelligent and beautiful woman. They must stick together in order to survive in the wilderness of post-apocalyptic America.Story: I really like what Ninja Theory have done to modernize and put a sci-fi twist on the classic Chinese story of Journey to the West. Throughout your travels, Monkey and Trip develop a strong relationship with a hint of romance, that is both endearing and heartwarming. This rapport between the two is interrupted by Pigsy, an eccentric, fat man with a knack for technology and invention. He is very funny at times and I liked him as a character.Graphics: The great use of the Unreal Engine 3 engine, allows the game to look stunning. The vistas are breathtaking and simply a joy to explore and collect Tech Orbs (which are used to upgrade Monkey's combat skills).Gameplay: The game has simple yet satisfying combat for veteran and casual gamers alike. Some of the finishing moves look very cool in slow-motion and pulling off a dodge right before an enemy hits is immensely gratifying.In summary, Enslaved is one of the most underrated games and I hope that Ninja Theory consider making a sequel to the game in the future as the story has a lot of potential to expand.I give the game an 8/10."
76561198059673205,Recommended,245280,14019985,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Spamming Tanks,"This is a pretty great experience all around... but there are two major problems with it.1) The checkpoint system is atrocious. It often forces you to watch the same cutscenes again if you fail once. Comined with the problem #2, it becomes infuriating. Not to mention some sections where you can die instantly.2) The  combat. Otherwise the highlight of the game, it is not perfect because the character you control takes forever to finish drawn out animations... making dodging difficult. You will NEED to doge and CANNOT because your character simply MUST finish the animation for an attack that has already been carried out.Because of these problems I cannot reccomend it except in a sale. However it is still a good game all things considered. It has believable characters and good facial animations. Great environments and a lot of color. A lot of varied action and combat. It also works just fine on 32-bit Windows 7."
,Recommended,245280,14025097,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,dgibbs3196,Veary good game I like playing thoue it fun and the campane Have to play it to get what i'm saying!!
,Recommended,245280,14067812,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Apeiron,"Good game with beautiful design, tight controls, great voiceacting.  Think Prince of Persia in a Fallout universe.  Combat is not that frequent but it can be very challenging.  Highly recommend playing with gamepad and not keyboard+mouse.The only negative things I would say are that it is short (1X playthrough on Hard, 7 or 8 hours) and the story is too bare bones and could use some meat.  It's too bad a sequel was cancelled because this could have been a solid franchise.Upgrades are simplistic but of vital importance.  Big hint - put your points in health and shield early and you'll thank me on the bridge."
76561197968437815,Recommended,245280,13467829,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BakedGamerYEG,Sleeper Game.  I recommend playing it
76561198011960597,Recommended,245280,13538677,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,happyahab,Fantastic story and good gameplay to boot.
,Recommended,245280,13558101,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,O Fark,"Good all-round game, nice graphics, decent controls, good mix of puzzles and fighting. A bit like the lastest Tomb Raider."
,Recommended,245280,13632990,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NightHaunter,"Brilliant game! I didn't really know what to expect and that might be the reason I was so surprised with the quality of this game. Graphics, story, characters and voice acting were great. Gameplay wise it's so-so. It's somewhat repetitive but not as much as similar games. Critics would probably say there are too many cutscenes but I really enjoyed those.The game is around 10 hours long plus some extra material that takes a couple of hours."
76561198000378585,Recommended,245280,13633160,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nosfer,"Definition of word ""overlooked""."
76561198063863639,Recommended,245280,13512363,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,cable001,"I purchased this game on a Steam sale for a couple bucks. Over all it is a decent game. Even though it is a few years old it still has a pretty good story line. There are some really cool areas or things that happen throughout the game that make the experience better, like being able to move your character around on a huge moving spaceship or machine while watching the background change. A lot of the movement of your character reminds me of Tomb Raider controls - which this part is done well and feels pretty seamless - jumping and hanging or grabing different objects to manouver around.I have two complaints though. First is the controls on menus are very flacky and annoying to use, you move hover over something and sometimes it works but other times a mouse hover doesn't register. The second large annoyance is not being able to skip cutscenes. There are many places where a cutscene happens, then if you die, you have to watch the entire cutscene over again - there are a couple places it took me 5-10 tries to beat and watching a 2-3 minute cutscene that many times wasn't fun. It's great the first time but allow me to skip it by pressing a button or something and put that on the screen. If there was a way to skip them it is not intuitive at all.Overall the game is work playing if you are into good stories and 3rd person games  - but I'd reccommend getting this on a sale, otherwise it might not be worth it."
76561198030568465,Recommended,245280,13626137,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,kn0t,"Story driven platform about two opposites (Tris the brains, and monkey the brawns (you))  that needs each other to survive, first against their will, then they start to work together. Great story and chemistry. Pick up all the orbs to upgrade, and find secrets while u explore.Today its on a sale, worth the extra coins if you want a platformer. 10-12 hours"
76561197977449973,Recommended,245280,13641304,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SlamJester,"This game is much recommeneded by me. Great production values, engaging story and I even liked the ending (criticsed by some)."
76561197977604595,Recommended,245280,13642656,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Gl1tch,"Gorgeous, story orientated and fluid to play. Not the hardest game in the world but you will be hooked from beginning to philosophical end.  Quite rightly voted alongside Beyond Good and Evil as one of the greatest games that no-one played. If you don't give youself the chance you will most definitely regret it.P.S. Andy Serkis makes everything better"
76561198033773229,Recommended,245280,13030708,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,dunnefamily,"Great story and challenging game play. The only slight issue is that at times you fight with the camera controls and baddies at the same time! So good, I played it twice in a row."
76561198098363849,Recommended,245280,14977548,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ruarscampbell,"I write this within minutes of completing Enslaved: Odyssey to the West, and with all the raw emotion it left me. Perhaps I was too prepared to get involved with the story but, for it's time, I felt the facial animation and dialogue of it's characters only encouraged me to do so. Trip's story was so brilliantly executed, and I really felt for her in the hardship and regrets she suffered. The world is gorgeous and helps to set the tone of the post-apocalyptic world. If anyone has ever walked in summer you will realise how vividly coloured the world really can be, something I felt is lost in other games in favour of a ""Nitty, gritty"" palette where everything is mixed with grey. But the visuals are beautiful if you can forgive the relatively low-res of the game. Otherwise the combat is decent but repetitive since you face the same enemies again and again and again. But the different contexts and environments you face them in help to spice things up a little. And when you're really into such a beautiful story you can't help but be drawn along. 9/10 if only for lack of more interesting enemies."
76561198002283881,Recommended,245280,14669891,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Depreciation,"The combat in this game is a little stiff and not very fluid, but that aside everything about this game is near perfect. The interactions with the characters, the world, and even the platforming is spot on. This is one of those games where I feel like if a sequel was made for it, it would not be as good as it's predecessor even with combat fixes the devs learned from Devil May Cry.Get this game. You may not play it more than once, but that one experience will stay with you."
,Recommended,245280,15681222,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,h4lfon@pvpro.com,1% excellent from 99% west of timebut must play it once and this is the 1% excellent graphic excellent story but need much 2 improve
,Recommended,245280,18160790,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Pants,"An extremely underrated and overlooked game.Enslaved has memorable moments with excellent characters. Set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland overrun by mechs, this story is a Western adaptation on the Chinese story ""Journey to the West"", you play as Monkey(Wukong) and you are enslaved by Trip(Xuanzang) to go on a journey and bring her back home.Oh and you get to meetPigsy on the way tooProsGreat sound effects and music that kept the game excitingVoice acting is top-tier and is one of the reasons why the characters are so memorableGood level design, every level is huge and always different. They let the player have a rough view of the level using the dragonfly scoutGame looks gorgeous despite being released in 2010Combat animations are extremely well doneHumorous at timesConsFrustrating camera angles during combatNo option to change difficulty during gameplayAwful checkpoint system with unskippable cutscenes. I had to restart once because of a crash and once because of a bug where i was in an endless falling animation, had to rewatch the entire cutscene and replay the level.Platforming isFAR TOO EASYas you cannot failClose to no replayablity, they allowed you to unlock skins and extras upon completing the game to try to entice the player to replay the game, but i highly doubt you would want to replay the game as it is an extremely linear gameBad console port ( Bad menu options, resolution doesn't actually change without editing .ini files)Other thoughtsEditing the .ini file for the game is strongly encouraged as it will solve some bugs like the weird shadow graphic bug as well as make your game look much betterI did not like Trip at all, she's constantly bossing Monkey around and shows no hesitation in killing him if the player walks too far from herOverall i give it a solid 8/10. Despite some technical problems and inconveniences this game does an excellent job of immersing the player into this post apocalyptic world as Monkey, beating and shooting up mechs with your monkey king bar while developing a close bond with Trip."
76561197968618823,Recommended,245280,16802072,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Samblor,"An enjoyable game with a but...First, the characters are well done and the overall artwork is very pleasant.  I especially enjoyed the ending sequences.  The gameplay was decently fun as well for the most part.The but, however, is something you need to take into consideration before buying/playing.  It's a console game, and one that often allows very little control over your camera at that.  Yes, it makes for very interesting views, but whomever was in charge of the camera angles from ""shot"" to ""shot"" made some very bad moves, such as having you run one way but, in the next ""shot"", it flips the camera around completely meaning you are now running the wrong way.  Great for cinimatics, horrible for gameplay.I also found several times where Monkey would just stand there or take an inordinately long time to ""reset"" to be usable from stopping motion.  This was rarely an issue but when it happened during boss battles I definitely cursed.Overall a fun game, and certainly worth a sale price if you aren't maddened by the above type of gameplay issues."
,Recommended,245280,13003325,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Marto Polo,"Got this game for an Ameican dollar.I wish I paid more.If I could tell you to do one thing it would be: Don't look up the game, don't check it out and see what you're in for.Just buy it and play it."
,Recommended,245280,14313262,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Oneironaut,"I ran into some frustrating bugs but ended up really enjoying this.  It was really easy, but the gameplay was still fun. I liked the characters, and the production value was really high."
76561197977800934,Recommended,245280,17975103,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Stan,"Just finished the game and DLC last night and really was impressed with this game. Great gameplay, great graphics, fun and really top quality performances by the main cast. The motion capture of the expressions really add a depth to this game. I, like others, found the ending a bit weak, but the total experience of the game and playing was more than worth the price. I recommend this one!j"
76561197997983024,Recommended,245280,10082584,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Loek,"Ah yes! It's been a long time since I screamed ""Oh yeah! That's TOTALLY fair!!"" at a reload screen :-)The combat is complex and adaptive, with multiple moves and split-second strategies to consider, especially when you find yourself surrounded by enemies. Monkey (the dude) is an absolute monster with his staff and nailing the last enemy in a group triggers a little slowmo animation, making you feel like a total badass every time.Trip (the girl) has to be escorted and luckily knows to stay out of the way most of the time, meaning she only got into trouble if I truly ♥♥♥♥ed up my strategy. She got stuck in the scenery just once in over 9 hours of gameplay, so that's easily forgiven.The rest of the game revolves around climbing and a few simple puzzles. The climbing is simple, quick, and never ♥♥♥♥s up, as you can only jump to clearly identified handholds. The puzzles are barely worthy of the name, usually taking the form of finding a route to climb to a switch on the other side of the room. Sometimes there are multiple switches, but it never gets so hard you have to stop and think, which is nice because you can stay in the flow of plonking things on the head with Monkey's steel bar.I honestly don't understand why I didn't play this earlier. 5 stars.I should mention I play this with a controller and I'm not sure if the combat works out as well if you play it with a keyboard. I also saw a Steam guide for setting graphics options through the INI-files, but that is no longer necessary as the required Options-screen seems to have been patched into the game."
,Recommended,245280,13049288,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ducain,"+Satisfying gameplayhack n slash combat with a staff (pretty challenging to perfect)platforming (some casual, some timed with damage punishment)+Good animations+fantastic story+fantastic voice acting+fantastic characters+awesome finishing/kill shots+Cool locations+Great looks and style-funky camera sometimes-mouse accelleration is annoying (but I really only used an xbox controller anyway and not that much aiming)-tricky to get graphics like I liked them, but there are guides for it on steam and it's not that bad really"
76561197972357522,Recommended,245280,13052791,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Mjovan,"Great game, great story, great graphics - worth getting.This is one of the first games in a while that I've played all the way through.  It's linear but there is enough to do and see that it doesn't end up being a problem.  The story is interesting and keeps you entertained.  I didn't play this on a difficult setting but it was challenging enough to keep me entertained.The visuals are great.  If you have a more current PC you can bump up all of your settings in your graphic card control panel (I played with an Nvidia 760).  With everything maxxed out, the graphics looked fantastic and always played liquid smooth.Controls were great.  I see some comments about the camera in this game, it was never a problem for me  (I played with an XB360 controller).  Maybe those people were trying to play with mouse and keyboard but you really should play this game with a controller.The game plays a lot like the God of War series on PS3.  If you are into that kind of gameplay you should be pretty happy with this game.  Great overlooked title."
,Recommended,245280,16238896,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,MarurabaATX,A hidden gem from last gen.Looks great with SweetFX.100% Enjoyable.Trip.
,Recommended,245280,8154852,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DonGurke,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a beautiful journey,  highly emotional and protagonized by two memorable characters. Despite some techinal flaws, if you enjoy well written story and you are not afraid to be moved by a videogame, you really shouldn't miss this one."
76561198001811060,Recommended,245280,12960475,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Terrenblade,+1 would buy again.
76561197970837309,Recommended,245280,13683071,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ShadyLurker,"Please get this game, the story was great and the gameplay was fun.  Normally it takes me weeks to finish a game, I played this game as much as possible because I just wanted to see where it took me.  Sadly I finished it in 2 days because I just didn't want it to end.   Worth every penny at full price, get it on sale and it's a no brainer!  Loved it!"
76561197999721593,Recommended,245280,10246231,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,rlexa,Nicely built characters and relationships for a change! Also; mother frigging Andy Serkis! Just play the first part (wooeeeeeee) and see if you can stop.
76561198027209660,Recommended,245280,11398158,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,groovieknave,"One of the best single player games you can buy, great graphics, great acting, a cool story.Some things I do not like, never ending jumping and platforming (some of which somehow do not work in the game, you have to go online and watch youtube videos and fiddle with some jumps to make them work), and if you miss a jump the idiot will die and you have to do the entire damn puzzle over again including kill all the enemies. REALLY annoying, I don't know how anyone can think this is a fun idea.Most of the action is hack and slash boredom, and the platforming is just the grind they added so you can get to the next scene. I played this game for the characters and story, and you probably will too. I can't imagine most people enjoying the fighting/jumping."
,Recommended,245280,16849809,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rewston,"I am going to keep it short and simple.The game is great, I had an awesome time the 7hrs40min that it took me to beat it.If there is something that I feel does not sitt right with me is the character development, I feel it was to fast, but I guess that comes with a short game, you cant just put everything in.Regardless, you should play this game, it will warm your heart for a while. :3"
76561198272233030,Recommended,245280,20237077,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Stefano,"First of all!I recommend strongly that you enter this game with a controller which will make the game a lot more easier and smooth (Played the first 4 chapteres with keyboard and the rest with controller). Since they haven't made a good transition from it's original platform release Xbox, som keys that are shown in game are based on their XBOX controller, and not PC keys which cannot be found in options, in game. You will be forced to look it up, easy fix.Still very enjoyable with keyboard, controllers are recommended if you are not a true PCMasterRace member.The graphics in this game does satisfy, very colourful that makes it feel alive, but at times it goes downhill with glitches here and there, and characters look kinda pixelated in videos (at times), and the camera can be awkward at times aswell.This will all be forgiven since the world look really pretty and has a sort of intriguing story, some decisions in game that can be questionable.I've played through the game for the first time now and may continue on Hard mode, doubt that it will be a challenge since it is pretty linear. The reviews are pretty much the same, the game has it flaws indeed, but it is easily overlooked.Rather enjoyable Campaign/SingePlayer story and it's greatly recommended for a cool story and to explore a ""different"" kind of game. You have to be good at dodging, gotta do it in the right moment.PS. MY FAVOURITE HOVERBOARD, the ""Cloud"" that you ride on has something special about it, that just makes it so smooth to ride.Buy the game to lose some time, it's great fun, go explore!"
76561197998201628,Recommended,245280,13488021,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Brokenshelf,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a third-person action game made by Ninja Theory, the guys who also made Heavenly Sword and the new DMC. It's well-made, but somewhat flawed. Overall, I enjoyed it a lot, especially the first half.The gameplay is made up of platforming, third-person combat, and some over-the-shoulder shooting. These different aspects of the gameplay are all quite rudimentary on their own, but the game manages to weave them together into a pleasant flow--you are always propelled forward, and you're never stuck. Because of the rudimentary nature of the gameplay, doing any particular thing for long will feel very repetitive, and the game recognizes when that point comes along and switches things up. Although the game was short, I think it would have been less enjoyable if it was any longer.I really liked the setting and the environment design.  The game definitely has a different take on post-apocalyptic wasteland, with the majority of the game taking place in a lush, jungled version of New York city. It felt like the developers really put a lot of effort into making the world unique and interesting. Though one thing that struck me about the levels was how dated they feel. The game feels to me very much like a game from 2009 with the way it segments off areas.The character interaction is probably the highlight of the game for me. The dialogue between the main character Monkey and his companion Trip are well-written and well-acted. Their relationship felt real, and I was invested in its development. On the other hand, I found the over-arching story lacking. The ending was much too abrupt and the game didn't spend any time to establish the villain at all. A bulk of the story was just thrusted at you in the ending. The game ended in a good place in terms of gameplay progression, but not in terms of the story arc. Also, what the hell was with the ending cut scene?Regarding the game being a retelling of Journey to the West, I don't really agree. The game makes a lot of little references to the novel, such as the names of the characters and weapons, but the story itself felt much more like a Western epic. Even though the characters in Journey to the West do go on a quest, it is not a heroic tale like most Western epics. The game makes no reference to Buddhaism, which is the central part of the novel,  and the relationship between Monkey and Trip is also completely different, among many other differences. The connection between Enslaved and Journey to the West is really quite superficial.All in all, this game was a very pleasant surpise for me. Check it out."
,Recommended,245280,20569213,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Kaijin,"Good storyline, nice graphics and gameplay.A good action game."
,Recommended,245280,19771260,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Dr Caligineus,"First of all, you have to get past the terrible console porting. There's a screen when the game first opens that tells you not to switch the console off when it's saving a checkpoint, and whoever implemented the keyboard and mouse controls needs to be sacked and never allowed to work on a game again.Tip: Only use the letters and numbers on the keyboard - no special keys or the numeric keypad - and the controls will be okay.Once you're in the game it is actually pretty good as long as you're not looking for a major skill-based challenge. The Tomb Raider-esque climbing is rather dumbed down - you can't fall off or miss a jump - and the combat is fairly basic. Basic but fun!The story is very good, as is the acting (with Andy Serkis voicing Monkey). Overall I'd definitely recommend playing.The Pigsy's Perfect 10 DLC is also worth playing. It's a separate story in which you play a different character from the main game. The gameplay is somewhat different and there's more of a tactical element to it. The story here is also very good."
76561198053707158,Recommended,245280,12399064,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Axsim,I'm so glad this game is finally on Steam! After about an hour my first impressions are that this is a decent port. I've found that the cutscenes have some graphical bugs in them more often than not. But overall the gameplay and fun fighting makes up for it. I'll have to play more of it until i can recommend it but so far i'm having a lot of fun.
76561198045208711,Recommended,245280,12440381,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,kassu1000,A great game indeed! I got this post-apocalyptic world around my head and I'm really playing it a second time through. Incredible world and the voice acting with the motion capture... oh it's is so great! Solid game with a good and compelling story plus the fantastic music. It is really a shame that this game hasn't sold as much as needed but then again maybe it's for the best... for the story.
,Recommended,245280,12463308,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,rustydraft,"One of the best games I have purchased yet ! I had a lot of fun with this game. I didnt experiance a single bug running on an amd machine, and a 360 controller. game ran at 1080 with everything turned on. Some people have mentioned bugs when climbing jumping etc, but i did not have a single issue. I also loved the Pigsy dlc ! The only problem I have with this game is that I want more ! I got it on steam sale, and i recomend it highly, I would be perfectly happy even at the full price."
76561198052967860,Recommended,245280,12465196,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TheChosenLnE,"Story - 9/10Gameplay - 6/10There's two ways to design a game with jumping. Either make it so a player is free to jump where and when they want, sometimes leading to failure, but giving the feeling that you're not completely holding the player's hand (most recent example I've played was Alice, but there are many games). The other way is to make it so the player can't jump unless he is on the edge of a rock which is coded to allow jumping (like Zelda games). The latter is fine, unless it's poorly done, and there are several times in the game where getting around becomes an akward dance of psuedo-stutter jumping around different walls to try and find your way around some of the more complicated maps. There was really only 4 or 5 times in an 8 hour playthrough that I got really frustrated with it.Later in the game there is a cloud system (think hover disk) that changes to the other style, and I personally like it a lot more.The story is amazing, though. You kinda get the idea of where it's going to go pretty early, but Pigsy brings in some unexpected humor and the ending was very unexpected. I enjoyed it and would definitely reccomend buying it while on sale."
76561198045913680,Recommended,245280,12466848,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mr. Rabbit,"This is a great game.  Nothing is perfect in it combat and platforming could be better but story is great along with art design, also is a great new take on post apocalyptic theme.  8/10"
76561198007705355,Recommended,245280,12468433,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,svlbig,"This game is a great little gem for light puzzle & action game for the weekend. It will take you about 6hrs to beat on normal setting, so I'd only buy it on sale, but at the same time, its a fun 6hr ride, with no fluff or useless time killing tasks to do. The story is great, the art is amazing, the gameplay is fun without too much frustration, i really wish they do a second one now."
,Recommended,245280,10984708,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,𝓗𝓮𝓵𝓮𝓷 🎀 𝓚𝓮𝓵𝓵𝓮𝓻,A modern take on a classic story. Pretty underrrated action-platformer. Don't let the name Ninja Theory fool you. They actually made good games before that garbage DmC.
76561198110106644,Recommended,245280,10058935,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Sam,"This game is so awesome, way too short though. If this was an open world game with a lot more story it would, hands down, be the greatest game of all time."
,Recommended,245280,10984250,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Michael,"Enslaved is a fairly traditional third person advanture game.It claims to be an homage to the Chinese novel -Journy to the West. I must admit my research was minimal but I found that the homage is mainly the three main characters. Their personalities and visual design. The plot doesn't seem to be emulating the novel, other then being a journey in the western direction.The visuals are where the game shines. The post=appocalitic world it depicts is beautifull even it it's utter devestation. Toppled buildings are sprinkled with lush greenery, invading the ruins of man's fallen empire. Billboards, while whetherd with age, still display their colorful messages brightly. And the animation of running, loping, jumping and swinging is just perfectly executed.The plot is the standard post appocalyptic sci-fi. Monkey and Trip escape the clutches of a mysterious hostile empire, which uses the technology of the old world to conquer the new. There's a bit more under the surface, but not much.The relationship between Monkey and Trip is relativly interesting. She controls him through a metal headband that compells him to obey her (the same technology used by the antagonists to enslave humanity), echoing the magical thightning crown of the Chinese epic. But slowly they develop genuine friendship and affection. Although there's a bit of a twist there as well.I liked the game. The gameplay and plot are solid even if they are not particularly inventive and the visual style is trully marvalous."
76561197991154213,Recommended,245280,11005063,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,_jema987,"Bought it on sale for €5 since I already have it for the 360 and didn't want to pay €9 for ""Pigsys perfect ten"" on live. According to steam it took 3h to complete 'ppt' so I still thing the price was a bit high. Story and voices are good while the actual game is a bit so-so. This is very much like the main game.Unfortunally nothing in the PC version has been improved from the 360 version, textures looks the same, the controls are still dodgy in places and there are still performance issues on some levels, but the story is good and voice acting is among the best I've experienced in a game.Should you buy it? At €20 no, €15 maybe, €10 or less yes. The game is a sleeper hit that you will remember more for its story and setting."
,Recommended,245280,12126638,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Asiris,"I enjoyed the journey in Enslaved. Love the characters too, but I really don't like games that starts from nowhere and ends nowhere leaving a lot of unanswered question about the game universe and why this journey happened at all. I would love to have more deep story about the characters so I could care more. This is the only really negative point for me. Other than that is a good game. Could have been great though."
,Recommended,245280,12181562,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Fiveby5industries,"Good 'ol Enslaved. Well, Ninja Theory did alright with their previous game, Heavenly Sword for the PS3, but they outdid themselves with this one. I won't go into details about the post apocalyptic world our buffed (why can't i have a sixpack like Monkey's?) hero and beautiful (Trip is a vision) heroine inhabit.Suffice it to say, the storytelling is second-to-none, with some of the best facial capturing you'll see. Combat is rather basic, following only a handful of movesets, but i think the point of this game is the story, music and characters. In that regard it works wonderfully, highly recommended."
76561198019327651,Recommended,245280,12418093,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,The Fedora Fan,"A 3rd person action platformer set in a post apocolyptic world, based on an ancient, timeless story.The game looks beautiful, sounds beautiful.  The story is engaging, the fight mechanics are interesting, the platforming is always engaging.To my fellow non-twitch gamers: be aware there are sections of this game that involve split second reflexes and zero room for error (looking at you, dog-chase-with-one-shot-kill-mines).  Unless you are better at those than me, you will need to invest some time doing them over and over again until you figure them out.  Or quit in frustation.A fresh and engaging take on a post-apocolyptic settling, highly recommended.  Worth struggling through the hard parts.  :)"
,Recommended,245280,12424026,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Khensu,Fantastic game with an interesting story line and amazing graphics for a console port. It is in the same vein as The Last of Us with combat resembling a hack and slash. Worth the ¬10 hours to compelte the story!!
76561198118965033,Recommended,245280,12429037,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Wyle Cor,The story and characters are brilliant. I found some minor glitches but managed to get past them without much trouble. Definitely worth the buy.
,Recommended,245280,12456136,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,kindman,"sometimes i hear people saying things like ""videogames should be one thing first of all -  and thats FUN!""  generally, i despise those opinions as i feel the medium can provide a wide variety of experiences, fun only being one of them.  Well let's face it: ENSLAVED proofs me wrong. because after playing through,  having such a blast of a time with that game, i feel like ""why do other games always have to be so complicated and stressful? i never wanna play a game again that gives me less pleasure than ENSLAVED."" you might wanna call it a feel good game.wonderful believable characters ,  breathtaking scenarios, simple yet  solid gameplay that gets more challenging when the game progresses (but without ever giving you the feeling you absolutely couldn't make it) and quite the story.somehow playing the game felt a bit old school or even nostalgic like playing a video gqme as a kid just having a good time not having to think about what you're doing too much. still, its not dumb nor childish.the whole experience reminded me a bit of the game ""venetica""  which is also an overlooked game, that might lack novelty a bit but is just something to have a great time with."
,Recommended,245280,12440421,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Poison,"Pretty solid action adventure game with good characters and interesting premise. Buyer beware however, the performance is really erratic and will not run well for everyone. There is a long standing stutter issue that not all users face, and follows no real logic other than it happens in scene transistions."
76561197994801021,Recommended,245280,12404806,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Hydra Bite,"Very neat, what captured my attention is the involvement and acting of Andy Serkis.  He used an eastern story and changed it to western and futuristic narration. Yes its action is not that complicated, nor you can argue it’s not as long as some other campaign only games. But for its price it’s definitely worth its length and playability. Also on hardest selection of difficulty it can be a little challenging which I always look for in games. It’s the same extent as much as RPG as other games claim to be... (i get a choice of 9 places to put my skills, that i eventually fill half of). but I just like seeing Andy Serkis at work. And not that hard to get attached to. I'v personally beat it 2.5times on console.gameplay 7/10art          8/10story     9/10music     6/10less then $20... yes worth it"
76561197993727473,Recommended,245280,12453142,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Dantez,"I loved playing this game. The action is satisfying, and the puzzles aren't too annoying. I think a big reason of that is because they don't over punish you for doing it wrong. You get more of a nudge, try it this way, then a well you screwed up go through the whole thing again (which does happen, just not that often.) Realisticly the game is 6 - 8 hours for a playthrough, and it just feels right at that length.What I'd say about the action is that it's satisfying and well balanced. You don't fight so many mechs that you need a break to beat them, and there's little to no omg wtf killed me. All I can say is focus on leveling up your combat skills first, youl'll have a harder time without them mid - late game. This game really reminds me of Beyond Good and Evil, (one of my favorite Gamecube games, which is on steam now.)It's nice to see a lush, plants overgrowing structures post-apocalyptic game. Rather than the brown and rust a lot of games go with. The art really nailed it and will hold up well over time. The game is rather linear, but it works just fine. The point is the story, and it builds it up nicely.As for the controls, don't bother trying to use a keyboard or mouse, plug a controller in and play it the way it's meant to be played. Some games are just better like that, and this is one of them.TL:DR 8.5/10 would stockholm syndrome again,well worth the price."
,Recommended,245280,10928972,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,karelzarath,"Overall, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a great game. The story in engaging and the voice acting lends an incredible sense of immersion. At times, it hard to tell they aren't real people. Even the combat system, which borrows heavily from God of War, is well put together.Where it really starts of come off the rails is the platforming elements. The game was developed first for consoles and clumsily ported to the PC. It doesn't play well without a controller since you frequently need to move or interact in a direction between the 8 cardinals. For time-sensitive parts, this causes no end of frustration as you'll be doing the right thing but not QUITE in the right direction and then plunge to your doom or get eaten. Even the instructions on how to use certain abilities reference controller buttons.When the game doesn't lock the camera to a fixed angle, the game is very playable with a mouse and keyboard. Even the bits it borrows from Prince of Persia and Uncharted are incrementally improved. Handholds are rarely difficult to find after a little searching, and paths through the game are usually fairly clear. Even the puzzles are the right mix of difficulty and rewards.Overall, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a solid game that could have used more love during the port."
,Recommended,245280,10960763,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mdwyer,"This console port doesn't bring anything new to the table that would make it a great video game.  So, without game mechanics, you've got to fall back on characters, locations, and story, which is another name for 'a movie'. That's what this game is: a movie interspersed here and there with the usual action-game features. There's a rail-shooter, there's cover mechanics, there's blessedly few quicktime events. There's a few puzzles and quite a bit of platforming, and a few races. The controls are good, but you might end up fighting the cinematic camera more than you'd like. There's also a frustrating lack of affordances in the world -- although wall-grabs are easy to identify, it is impossible to tell which ledge is the one you're supposed to jump off of.  Your character will spend a fair amount of time balking at obvious jumps.Combat, when it happens, will mostly devolve into button mashing. There's nothing too complex or new, here, and you won't become frustrated because you can't get the 16-button long sequence of button pushes to get the one move that works.Instead, this game is remarkably forgiving, and lets you play along with the story and with the characters. And that's where this otherwise standard game shines.Andy Sirkis voices and acts the main character with the unfortunate name. He lends his character a gravitas that sometimes seems missing from games. There's real character growth going on, here.  When you mix that with a world that is beautifully realized, it all pretty much works.  If you are a fan of the old LucasArts adventure games, like The Dig, but want a little more action to go with your story and characters... if you want some better visuals, then this might be the game for you.Saving happen at save-points, and while there are a few with terrible placement, they're generally pretty good. There's about 10 hours of play in here, but Piggy's add-on is worth another few hours of play and might actually be more fun than the main game.  I think I paid $20 for this, and I feel no regrets at that price, although I can't help thinking it would be a better weekend rental than a purchase.  Also, like most console ports, this is probably best played with an Xbox controller."
,Recommended,245280,11064162,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,sean,"Solid game. Had moments of seriousness, sadness, humor and an interesting plot twist. One of those games that has somewhat of an emotional grip on you after you finish it. I'd recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,245280,11175362,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Sunshine,"With only a couple of hours of this game under my belt at the time of this writing, I whole-heartedly recommend playing it. For a game I've never heard of prior to its release on Steam, I've enjoyed my time with it more than most major titles I've purchased here.I'm unsure of how to phrase this without comparing to other well-known series, but as far as gameplay goes, the movement and combat feels a step up from Assassin's Creed(a game which obviously had a bit of influence on this)'s repetetive combat and oftimes cumbersome parkour aspect. Combat here feels fluid and unpredictable, but more importantly, makes you as the player, feel powerful.As far as characters go, Monkey (that's you) and Trip (the redhead) are one hell of a dynamic duo with a great story pushing them forwards. Once again drawing comparisons to other popular games, Trip is Monkey's Elizabeth (ala Bioshock Infinite), with the added bonus that your life is almost literally tied to hers. Upon their meeting in the prologue, Trip enlists Monkey out of desperation using a headband that wires directly into his brain. Along the way, it has its bonuses such as providing him with a HeadsUp Display and forcing him to obey her commands under threat of death.Slowly, but surely the two bond in their journey to return her to her home. Their dynamic is only buffed by the spectacular voice acting for both characters and flawless animations bringing them to life. Elizabeth was a great companion, but if you want a friend you can really grow to care about in your games, play Enslaved.Also, the game is ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous. Beautiful scenery and character design.I actually had more to write, but I'll play some more before getting to it. Just play the game."
,Recommended,245280,12243603,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,SteppenWolf,"I have hesitated to play this game because if it is some kind of shallow type of action game, but now i see i am mistaken. It is entertaining, good characters (not many tho its enough to drive the story),  impressive ending and you never get bored while playing even its being repetitive sometimes. It has some puzzle stuff but very easy. Plus if you love mechs like me, you will be in love with the design. Camera angles didn't bother me too much as others say.I definately recommend this game if you like 3rd person action adventure games with good story."
76561197991701229,Recommended,245280,12260437,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,<<<Andrew>>>,"Very good PC port (really need a gamepad, ideally 360 controller to play well though). Amazing graphics on PC (with decent GPU, much better than consolve version) The base graphics great out of the box, but also able to be tweaked further if you want. Has fluid satisfying gameplay and strong story line all the way to the end. One of the best action adventures I've played. Hope they eventually change their mind and do a sequel!"
76561197973835702,Recommended,245280,12393411,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Pherostatic,"Excellent game. Fun combat, great characters with some really good character interactions. Highly recommended."
76561198156096183,Recommended,245280,12395726,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Briomega,Really fun playformer/action game with a pretty good story.
,Recommended,245280,12416503,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Misok,"Beautiful, interesting and unique world and environment. Smooth gameplay where easy to master combat alternates with intuitive and fluent platforming. One of the greatest features of this game are main characters. There is one of the best voice acting I have seen in games along with very decent facial expressions that really enliven duo of main characters which you'll come to love. Though it may seem like an ordinary action/adventure that you'll forget about after one pass, great characters make this game memorable. And even though it's from 2010, it still looks great!"
76561197970532475,Recommended,245280,12419205,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,DarkLord,"The console origins of this game are quite obvious from the atrocious camera system and mystery keyboard assignments for some of the special attacks. Nevertheless, the game is fun and the story and characters are enjoyable. The game can be completed in about 10 hours."
76561198009248526,Recommended,245280,12449772,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,broodkiller,"A really nice game, both from the gameplay and visual perspective. The controls and camera are a bit off, since it's a port from console, but it doesn't get in the way all that much. Recommended :)"
76561198038474172,Recommended,245280,12482576,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BeardyMcBeardson,"Aside from the minor graphical issues (most of which can be lessened or improved upon by editing the config files) and the somewhat short length (really would have liked it to be a bit longer), this is a very nice interpretation of the old Chinese novel ""Journey to the West"" that's well worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,245280,21718923,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Ikari Shinji,"HELL YES I RECOMMEND THIS GAMEI mean, its pretty old now, but holy hell they dont make them like this any more.Apart from the fact that Trip is a total B and that basically the entire story revolves around a massive miscommunication, a trope I personally find entirely sucide worthy, the actualy gameplay is phenominal. Action, adventure, robotic droids trying to blow your face off... it doesnt even matter that the graphics and the quality is dated, the story is so powerfully compelling you dont even notice.That said, things do start to get a bit weird when Monkey, the character you play, starts having these flash back Hallucination type vision things, but, again, the story is so well developed and fleshed out by that point that it doesnt even matter. Even the end, which is truly goddamn Neon Genesis worthy, its completely acceptable because by the time you reach it your whole mind is blown all over your face anyway, so why the hell wouldnt it end like that you know?In fact, Im thinking im gonna have to play this again some time soon. I wasnt expecting much the first time around but my god did it deliver."
,Recommended,245280,18242315,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jester,"This game is really great. It's got an awesome story, a cool environment, and the voice acting really is top notch. The characters are an absolute blast. I've only gotten through the first several chapters, however, because I think the only issue I have is that the game was clearly made for a console and, while the mouse and keyboard controls aren't insurmountable, they can be somewhat challenging at times. Still, I definitely recommend this awesome game, and even more so if you have a controller!"
76561198199747982,Recommended,245280,25908405,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,ronNIEman,Need some tweak for Extended graphics. I cant find the advanced setting option in Display settings where i can enable MSAA or FXAA. Use shift+Esc for pause menu. They forgot to mention that.
76561198025651272,Recommended,245280,25922052,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,jazz.5,"Love it! Fluid, great acting and action."
76561198070044113,Recommended,245280,26013628,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kikibutiki,+ compelling story+interesting combat+good level design+beautiful world-need a controller to play it smoothly-Only 8 hours long
76561197990832473,Recommended,245280,12429928,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,p235,this is one good game if you like a game that fast
,Recommended,245280,15474443,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,ataman,beautiful butt... i mean game! :-)
,Recommended,245280,14269897,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Dumb Leviun,"I don't know how this game doesn't get more praise. It may not be the best of its genre, but it is really, really beautiful. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,245280,13514602,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,GRRRR,"Dont have a PS3 but always wanted to play Drakes Fortune? This is a good substitue since it has nearly the same climbing/platforming gameplay, altho combat is all melee. Other than that theres an upgrade system, you collect orbs hidden (more or less) around the world or from enemies and then put those into stuff like more health etc.The premise suggests you control two characters altho its a little less indepth - you give commands and theres interactions like helping the other character up ladders and such but you never assume direct control (nyuk) which is abit of a missed opportunity imho, coulda spiced up the gameplay abit.Good graphics, ok story with a satisfactory conclusion (judging by the many TMs in the title id expected some cliffhanger because they wanted to make a series which never got off the ground).Solid 3d platformer/brawler. Recommended - if you have an xbox 360 controller that is."
,Recommended,245280,10985208,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Soapy. Smith,Wery great game.
,Recommended,245280,16362632,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Las-pen,"For a long time I pondered, if I should buy this game for the PS3 or PC, as Heavenly Sword, a previous game by Ninja Theory, of which I adored, was PS3 exclusive, and the gameplay in Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is well suited for consoles (read: controllers).But where Heavenly Sword could be renamed 'Goddess of War', could this game be called 'Uncharted: Beyond Arkham', or somthing like that, as the gameplay is mix of parkour stylish platforming from Uncharted and beat 'em up gameplay from Batman: Arkham series. And there's bit of Beyond Good & Evil in there also, consider it the BGE sequel we never had.I noticed it on sale for five euros and went ahead and bought it. After playing it for some time I'm impressed enough to get it on PS3 as well some day.This is one of those games, where the cover art itself is enough to buy for, just to get it in your collection, maybe hanging on your wall. The beauty doesn't stop there, as the graphics in this game are astounding. Where every other modern video game is just different shades of brown, Enslaved is vibrant and colorful. The art style reminds me little of Bulletstorm.And unlike recent waifu-simulators, like Bioshock Infinite, The Last Of Us and Skyrim: Dawnguard add-on, Trip is actually an interesting companion.However the game feels a bit rushed and unpolished.The camera switches between fixed camera angle and free to move camera, which gets annoying.There's little to no freedom in platforming. It's just pointing a direction and then pressing the jump button, everything else is automated. You can't fail.And the Combat system from the Arkham games is a bit stripped down.This is the only game in existence (that I know of), where I think a bit more quick time events wouldn't hurt.I like that the game allows multiple playstyles. Aside from beating the crap out of everything, you can sneak past and avoid most battles. So there's a little of replay value (though only a little)."
,Recommended,245280,17138462,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,The Dragon Hunter,"Enslaved : Odyssey to the West is one off my favorits games ever. This has got be be the game you've looked and moved on to something else, WHY? I really recommand Enslved. It's a hidden gem, all my friends who've tried this game says the same, Fantastic.If your are old enough to remember the tv series called Monkey, with monkey, Pigsy and Trip. were he could ride the cloud, was controlled by a magic headband and fought with a staff, you will see where the devs got the great ideas for enslaved. Set 200 year from now Trip has been kidnapped by slavers and taken on a slave ship where she escapes and gets the unwilling  help of Monkey to find her way home. This is a non stop action game that should be an A title game.I recommend this game to everyone so why not give it a go."
76561197982987444,Recommended,245280,17525634,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,dan.croft,I really enjoyed this game. It may attract some negitivity due to the first level being the worst in the game as its too formulaic but stick with it and the story carries it through to a great conclusion.The charchters are the main reason to play this. The voice acting is brilliant and massive leap over the usual rubbish in most games.
,Recommended,245280,20221999,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CrackerMan,"I wrote a long review and steam ate it so here it is bitesized (♥♥♥♥ you steam).Great game that I highly recommend, even if you are left feeling a little bittersweet towards certain aspects.Perfect port, played it with wired 360 controller."
,Recommended,245280,20467793,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,InfinitePeace,"Fun game, currently trying to work through it. Unfortunately, while I like the way the story is developing, I can't seem to deal with the way the camera angle changes from time to time. And I'm unable to cope well enough with the camera controls. Use wasd to move avatar, camera is moved using mouse. However, camera is centred in a third person view on the avatar/player character, and will move while you move. Combat has just been me spamming the attack keys while attempting to focus on the enemy mechs. Probably because I'm horrible with the controls.""And finally - the camera has really narrow FOV, which sometimes caused confiusion for me (it tends to get stuck and perform rapid rotations on it's own), and there is no way to adjust all that."" Seems about right. Though this is a console to PC port, eh.Storywise, it's developing nicely. Playing as an escaped slave, who then gets reslaved by another escaped slave, and forced to help save a community or something. Now I can't be bothered playing anymore since it gives me a headache with the camera controls every 20 minutes.Will recommend, since a friend recommended it to me."
76561198126910537,Recommended,245280,18186413,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,savitar94,"While it doesn't have the best graphics and there are a few bugs. I love this game and it's story telling. It isn't often that I come to enjoy the characters in a game this much. While there is a romance aspect between the two main characters, it only adds to their characters, rather than detract from the game. This is an excellent game to pick up when its on sale, though I would not have regret making this purchase at full price."
,Recommended,245280,25962855,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,will824,"I have not had so much fun playing a game in a long time.Enslaved has an amazing story, really deep characters that makes you feel identified with them. Voices and characters acting is engaging.Battle mechanics are quite good and the graphics are beautiful and well designed. Scenarios are superb.I can only say this game is almost a 9/10.Really recommended."
,Recommended,245280,19151490,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Spider3,"This game is not pretentious, but it's offering a very smooth (ok, few bugs occured, anyway nothing that bad) experience, despite the ""dated"" gfx, beautiful landscapes, very good controls, balanced challenge, and the characters manage to show their traits in a story that develops in an interesting way. Maybe the combat could be a bit repetitive, but I never got bored.  Full price maybe it's a bit too much for a game released in 2013, but definitely worthy to pick on sale."
,Recommended,245280,10700606,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Heaser,"This game is great!Do yourself a favor and get into this thrilling story that is awesome!It's short, But short isn't bad.Fun game.10/10 would be a cool Monkey again."
76561198129101111,Not Recommended,245280,13937184,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"First off the game looks awesome. Its appearance and atttention to detail is phenominal - everything else, well...I hate to be on the negative side of a game I honestly looked forward to after hearing about, learned more about, and wanted to enjoy.The trouble is - I just can't get into it.I have tried several times since I bought it, and honestly I just can't get into it. The atmosphere, the story, the whole scope of the game should be absolutly enthralling, but to me... it feels like a soft-spoken echo I've done before.The gameplay mechanics limit the whole danger of the game - you can't accidentally jump off a cliff, and barring really taking your time or being caught up in certain points the limited-action durations of a danger sequence really can't be that bad once you know what and where to go.  Trial and error and a bit of judgement on certain points just makes it feel too easy.Even the whole connected-life and wandering too far issue isn't that bad, being too far from her doesn't kill you immedietly - yet unintentionally reminds me of Ico all the damn time. You gotta guard her all the time.Certain other aspects of gameplay like the Cloud only remind me of the hoverboard in Jak 3, yet far, far less entertaining.The combat staff/gun combo was fresh after the first few mechs but grew stale in its relative repitition over time. The fast-pased danger in some spots got sidetracked far too easily on occasion when it became clear how easy to manipulate and defeat the AI could be.The keyboard/mouse controls are spottish - making me wish I had a proper gamepad. But that alone should not detract from such a beautiful and rich game.No, to me the worst part is the story. I've heard it before, a dozen times over, a score of other ways. The post apocolyptic mechanical doomsday is an over-used cliche which only continually detracts from how it seems like I've been here before, helping or being coerced to help another for our mutual survival in such a hell.Details like that, which in truth should be only mere minor quips just compound to me when they are all together like this to where I just can't get into it.I have no doubt its well done, great intentions and a good plan - but as a seasoned gamer it honestly just felt like an echo of bad problems that just can't keep me in.Try it if it appeals to you, but be warned - to me it seemed its all been done before, and honestly far better in many other games."
,Recommended,245280,26057692,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Sinterklaas,"Awesome game, gets better and better the further in you are"
,Recommended,245280,20673940,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Yoshi The Green,"StoryReally great game, hell I was emotionally invested in it. There’s this woman, we’ll call her C**t, she leaves you to die multiple times so that she can escape. Your character finally gets to an escape pod where C**t is at. C**t hits the eject button after refusing to let you in. After you miraculously survive and become unconscious C**t puts a slave band on you. You die if C**t dies and if go too far without her you die. C**t continuously says sorry, but doesn’t do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it (so…she’s not sorry).As with all shows and games, when you spend time with someone in a f**ked world you tend to form a bond with them. You get to know each other and eventually you want to help out C**t, now named Trip.GameplayAwkward with mouse and keyboard. Sensitivity too fast or too slow. Made jumping a bit hard, but still doable. Even controlling the camera was a bit irritating at times. This game was a port from the consoles so if you want a more intuitive way to play I’d recommend using a controller."
76561197997914522,Recommended,245280,14565086,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,olapidot,"I completed Enslaved earlier today. While I admit it's an imperfect game, it's also highly enjoyable due to the best acting I've ever seen in a video game, great dialog, visuals and characters. The downside is that the actual gameplay is mostly uninspired. Not bad per-se, bad lacks imagination. Combat starts fun but gets somewhat repeatitive towards the end of the game and the over the shoulder camera gave me dizzyness a couple of times.Again, the game is not perfect but I'm sure the characters and stunning landscapes of Enslaved will remain with me longer than better games I've played. If you're looking for a game which will take you far away on a real advernture, look no futher than Enslaved."
,Recommended,245280,14605504,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,detourne_me,"This is a pretty fantastic game.  It's really similar to Naughty Dog games like Uncharted and The Last of Us (heck, there's even a Crash Bandicott style run towards the camera section)."
,Recommended,245280,35036738,Posted: 17 September,all,[re-fund],"Enjoyable platformer/action game.Would help if you could lock onto enemies though, as sometimes you find yourself swinging at nothing.Also, even after tweaking the .ini, some areas are very blurry/hazy and have an annoying shine.Gameplay is fun, although repetitive. But that hasn't stopped my enjoyment, I haven't been able to put it down since I've started.Highly recommended if you enjoy Nier: Automata style combat or late '90s platformers."
,Recommended,245280,12008984,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Jackaljacked,"Enslaved: Odessey to the West has been a game with a great story and amazingly developed characters. The game brings you in with the amazing story which binds you to the characters and most of all: the world. The achievments in this game not only add some more depht to the difficulty and story since they are made so that you explore the world more and try different combinations of tactics in your attacks or defenses. For me this was a great game! For the its price and especially on sales this is a game that you will not regret buying. BTW its kind of a button masher but once you begin to use the combos and tactics you use more of the controller, especially with the hard difficulty when you must think for tactics rather than charge in and button mash everything to death.PROS: Amazing story, great characters, deep attack and defend strategies with upgradesCONS: Bit of a button masher, Does not contain a lapdance from Tripp (jk)8/10"
,Recommended,245280,13233400,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Kurisu Chan,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is one of those niche games that is excellent but sell poorly.  Great atmosphere, great story and great characters. Its a shame that it won't get a sequel.The game is based on the classical Chinese tale of Sun Wukong, but certain elements to seem borrowed from a certain popular anime series called Dragon Ball. Tripitaka seems more like Bulma than the monk from the tale, Pigsy is like Oolong and Monkey the main character has Super Saiyan hair. One of the best parts of the game is complex relationship between Trip and Monkey. In the first half she's a sociopathic ice queen who forced Monkey to do her bidding or have his brains blown out and Monkey is loner who has a hard time trusting people, they are two differnet extremes. Towards the middle they start to form a bond which in many ways evokes a romance like Alyx Vance/Gordon Freeman from Half-Life 2.Pros: Believable characters, great atmosphere and a great story.Cons: Don't expect cuh-razy action game, its a rather simplisitic combat system. Infact the combat's flaws start to become glaring after a few sections. The platforming seems like what you expect these days, linear press X to platform. Tomb Raider, Uncharted and Assassins Creed have this problem as well.Verdict: Buy this game."
,Recommended,245280,35346902,Posted: 30 September,all,Morb - Achievementmode,"I'm trying my best to like it but it's so ♥♥♥♥ing boring. The combat is simple af, the platforming is nothing but spam jump and a direction, the story isn't grabbing me and the characters are forgetable.It looks nice with superb voice and facial animations, but in the end it's such a boring dull game.I'd still recommend it for achievementhunting during a sale, just not full price."
,Recommended,245280,8760323,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Darth Guybrush,A surprise and quality port from the XBox 360 and well worth your time.
76561198000464261,Recommended,245280,11647138,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,=CKA= Goatbeard,"Wow what a gem. Excellent story, voice acting is also great, and same with the characters. Worth putting up with my only two gripes to play. One being the menues don't like my mouse, forcing me to use the enter key to select. The second gripe is that you can't skip cinimatics, if you die you have to watch whole thing over again. Still, well worth a play through!"
,Recommended,245280,12472129,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,gorankar,"Absolutely loved it. I can not believe this game tanked on the consoles.  The story was excellent, the gameplay was at least fair, and the length was just about right.  It tells a reasonably complete story without turning it into a grindfest. I suffered none of the performance issues that some have reported.It is not without flaws however. While this is not really a complaint. I did at times find their clothing annoying. The were both rather underdressed for their roles as wasteland survivors.  Sometimes the camera seemed to do whatever it wanted at the most critcal of moments, and the target lock would inexplicably switch away from the opponent you most needed to get rid of. The ending did seem like it was meant to lead to a sequel. Could have used 3-5 more minutes at the end and wraped the story up a bit better.All in all, still a great game, 4 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,245280,27488264,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Malty,"Absolutely excellent story, fun and engaging gampleay, memorable and well-acted characters.Highly reccomended for any fans of a good action/adventure game or games with a good story."
,Recommended,245280,27563346,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Warpedheat,"One of my go to games if I ever need to enjoy some down time.  I love their take on Journey to the West.  Trip and Monkey have some awesome interactions and the trust is a slow build.  It does have some down sides but a lot of it has to do with the camera control.  However, this is a game I've loved since the moment I started it up and I will likely continue to have it installed on all my future computers."
76561198008888391,Recommended,245280,13943976,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Archivist42,"I bought Enslaved the other day on a bit of a whim. I noticed it in the winter sale and thought why not? After finishing it, I enjoyed the experience so much I decided to make a video review! I'll post the link in case anyone's on the fence about buying!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejFG1rBVf-s&list=UUTzvU1FAPxTcZkm0gL_42JQ"
,Recommended,245280,18094421,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Prinny,"Enslaved is, as someone else put it, ""criminally underrated."" It came out just ahead of a bunch of established IPs, and Ninja Theory's biggest thing to date then was Heavenly Sword, so it got passed over by a lot of people. That said, while it was ignored for bigger names, Enslaved is a pretty good game... though not a great game. Still, I bought it on sale for $5 and it was worth every penny, and I'd probably recommend it for $20.Basically, while it has the usual beat'em up style gameplay and parkour'ing around, it tries to be different. There's now graybrown sludge here, the environments are vivid and bright and colorful. Not every battle needs to be fought--you can skip some. Some of the battles are less beat'em up and more puzzle, as you need to work together with the female lead to get past them. Finally, it has a sense of humor, a good sense of story, and a pleasant twist at the end.All in all, while it's nothing revolutionary, and certainly will feel a bit dated by today's standards, it's still worth a look. And at around 10 hours for one playthrough (with some DLC that comes with it and cheevos to farm, adding on time), it won't take you too long.Give it a try. You won't hate it."
,Recommended,245280,33785528,Posted: 25 July,all,Soponyai,"A very enjoyable game even with today's standards. Great story, good visuals, upgradeable characters. Can't ask for more."
76561198043617937,Recommended,245280,27393682,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Peasant,"Underappreciated game like a lot off the other reviews say. It's a good port from console. Character development and art direction shine in this game. The game also is very good (at least for me) at building suspense and tension. The people who made this game knew what they were doing in regards to these points.Combat is 'janky', and expects you to get good to make up for it. The game is also quite easy when played on normal difficulty - I'm not sure if playing on hard will change anything except the combat, which would be a nightmare scenario.I'm not sure how I got this game. probably from a humble bundle where I overlooked this game. I would however recommend you to get it below $10. Quite fun! Not fun enough to make me want to play the DLC. :)"
76561198017669931,Recommended,245280,11238789,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,valleone,underrated masterpice
,Recommended,245280,34977208,Posted: 15 September,all,darkmetalmike,"how did I get past this game ! it looks great, feels awesome, like a mix of all that's good in remember me and prince of persia (the one with elika helping us platforming and other stuff) ....."
76561198000824644,Recommended,245280,34985181,Posted: 15 September,all,Mesenchymal,"Mechanically, this is largly just a generic third person action adventure, but the voice acting and story makes this game worth it."
,Recommended,245280,11356752,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,HeavyMetalRiff,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West was a game that I had always heard was good, but I had never known anyone who had played it. When it went on sale recently, I decided to snag it. Boy am I glad I did!The story of the game is quite interesting, as you play a Prince-of-Persia-esque character named Monkey who is enslaved by a girl named Trip to escort her home through the American wastelands. The two have an interesting relationship with one another, and the cutscenes/in-game sequences make playing through Enslaved worthwhile alone.The graphics looks great, I played everything on maxed out quality at 1080p without a hitch. The voicework was amazing, and was surprised to find that the great Andy Serkis lent his voice to the main character. Gameplay mechanics, while function spledidly, can become somewhat repititious, especially during combat. Upgrades and a few special moves help keep things fresh, but towards the six hour mark of my eight hour playthrough, I was looking forward to the platforming sequences and not the combat.I would recommend this game to anyone, whether or not it was on sale, but if you can find it on sale, pick it up now! You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,245280,12473587,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,GentleGeorge ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Gameplay: Prince of Persia[2008] + DmC = EnslavedThe game is cool, love the story, the humor, the characters. But the game is kinda short, but still. Great game.Just buy it."
,Recommended,245280,12698833,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SrslyDarkJuju,"While very linear, the characters are interesting, the gameplay is reminiscient of Prince of Persia and combat is similar to the Batman games. There are challenges to be had and lots of fun to be had. I wasn't that impressed with the ending though."
,Recommended,245280,24537894,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,johnny blobal,Beautifull action game! Don't hesitate and buy it :D
76561198056746787,Recommended,245280,15127649,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,gietek,"Amazing game. The controls are a big slap to the face for PC gamers but once you get used to them you forget about it. The story, the characters, the acting - very well done. What's most important is that the game is constantly engaging. It never gets boring. The ending leaves the door open for a sequel but I wish there was some kind of 'closure' for the obvious romance between Trip and Monkey. I would recommend this game even when it's not on sale. Support the creators."
76561198031940338,Not Recommended,245280,12939582,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mr.Drix,"This game seems cool, but it's a bad port and has sound issues and there for me atleast there is a game breaking bug that hinders me from comming any further, a distructable wall that is suppose to be ""destoryed"" by a mob when it appears, it ends up trying to destroy it and than just bugs through it and when you deal with him, your company just says ""this way will bring us back to the street"" as she runs into the wall forever.0/10 because gamebreaking bugs in a game from 2010 + bad port."
,Not Recommended,245280,17164868,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,WasGoodDone,"The scenery is pretty, and the voice acting is good, but the combat gets really tiresome before too long. It's mostly dull, though not particularly difficult. The last two levels are particularly aggravating, and feel like they didn't get as much polish as the rest of the game. The final resolution comes out of nowhere, was trite, and left the story feeling pretty unsatisfactory in the end. Add to it Pigsy, the character who starts out as a quirky sidekick and ventures into creepy uncle territory, and you have a game that ends up being mildly aggravating but ultimately forgettable. If you want to see what linear action games using Unreal Engine 3 were like in the late 2010's, this will give you a pretty clear idea, and it's easy to finish in just a couple sittings."
,Not Recommended,245280,11010163,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Fragger,"An interactive movie if I ever saw one. Enslaved Odyssey to the West does a good job of immersing you in the world, at first. To anyone who has played the demo they may think this is a great game, or will be... but they would be wrong. Constant camera control being taken away from you for 'cinematic sequences', constantly the game slows you down by literally making you walk while characters deliver dialogue that could have easily been given while the player is actually playing the freakin' game. Seriously the freakin girl character literally stops you from doing things, barks out order to you (so you can't solve simple puzzles on your own, the game treats you like an idiot by even placing her there). The camera is wonky, combat is okay but very tedious. Graphics become tedious once you reazlie the yare resycled far too often. Did I mention this game really wants to feel like a movie? Causei f you're into that sort of thing, then you'll LOVE this game... if you want an interactive video game with interactive story telling (true interactive) you won't find it here. You will find a controlled game that is for basic players, it's very hard to screw up in this game. Everything is done for you, auto platforming and all that... it's an insult. I'm only glad I only paid 4 bucks for it, don't buy this game if you want a 3D platforming action experience, cause you won't find it here."
,Not Recommended,245280,12913481,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"$6.22 for the premium edition. Will post more as I play. Does not port over properly as the instructions for Focus Attack are ""Press Y+B"" which does not exist on the PC version.PROS1. Cloud TravelLoved the cloud movement levels. High speed, high jumps and lot of room to explore. Boss Hound fight was great too.2. Combat systemVery interesting fighting system. Love the power of range weapons and how they function very similarly to reality. Distracting is a new mechanic, simple but it adds a different method of playing.I was a bit disappointed that the bosses tend to be killed with a similar pattern e.g. Stun, Heavy Attack, Stun, Heavy Attack, Takedown Move, Rinse, Repeat.You can't target lock/focus on an enemy making it hard to aim your shields with the lousy camera movements.3. 2-person puzzleIt is interesting but it gets kind of repetitive. E.g. Piggyback, Toss Trip, Open Security Door/Push Blocks, Rinse, Repeat.4. Dragonfly ViewInteresting but it would be better if you could control and fly the Dragonfly yourself instead of a controlled cutscene. If control was allowed, you could design hidden areas in the map, plant ambushes, plant mines, hide paths and switches etc etc and the player would have to use Dragonfly view to find them. Like hide-and-seek.5. PuzzlesQuite fun relative to plain old switches E.g. DrawbridgeCONS1. PortingDid not port over properly from Playstation. Viewing mode is horrible at certain areas. Worst, they are bugged and you can't reach certain areas.Refer to my screenshots for more information.2. Jumping Off/OnCertain ledges are really silly. While I appreciate not being able to fall off an edge, I really hate having  to find specific ledges just to jump off E.g. Theatre with the hound reaquires you to jump off at the first prop stage in order to reach the stage floor.Jumping off into a 90 degree corner can create a bug where you keep falling infinitely, so you look like you're swimming in mid air.Refer to my screenshots for more information.Very linear. There is no wrong pathway to jump to. Just keep pressing an obvious direction key and the jump button to proceed. You just need to be fast.3. StorylineVery meh. It's not exactly engaging. You have Slavers, Earth 200 years in the future, evolutionary robots, etc etc, but they don't come together to form a concrete story. They seem to be modularised instead of being integrated into a complete story.4. The StaffAbsolutely horrible to switch between Plasma and Stun on the PC. You have to Right Click, go into First person mode, then press the Left Arrow and Right Arrow key while holding down Right Click in the middle of battle.5. UpgradesOnly Staff, Combat, Health and Shield to choose from, yet you can't use WASD to choose them. You can't mouseover the correct wheel to choose the specific upgrade properly as there seems to be a bug."
76561198076626233,Not Recommended,245280,13366739,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,-Prometheus-,This could have been an enjoyable lil game if not for semi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls and fully ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera
76561197993232874,Not Recommended,245280,12929010,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,giddy,"Buyers beware!  This is a beautiful game and seems fun to play with at first but there are bugs in this game!  I'm already stuck on chapter 2 and can't move beyond a pipe because there is a glitch in this game and apparently a few others according to the forum.  I also found out the problem has been there for a year now and they don't seem to care or have any kind of support!  I'm glad I only paid $5 for it.  Until they get it fixed, this remains the worst purchase I have ever made on steam because I only got to play 1/2 hr of the game and I was on for a hour trying to get out of this twilight zone glitch I'm stuck in!!Ok, So I finally got off the stupid bug in the early going after more than an hour!!  The game gets even more frustrating as I found out the controls and cameras of this game are frustrating as hell!  fighting the mechs (common droid enemies) was like fighting a boss each time that's how hard it felt!!  The camera and controls seem to have a mind of their own and you get killed over and over again because it's so hard to defeat the mechs!!This is the most frustrating game I've ever played in my life due to the bad and lazy port!! Stay away from this game at all cost!!!"
,Not Recommended,245280,13666566,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zeik,"Extremely short, repetitive gameplay, good ideas that were excuted poorly and the toughest enemy in the entire game is the camera. The camera fights you every way possible. Forcing you to look at an object for several seconds, shifting randomly, being unable to target enemies, and very limited control over it to even look around. The characters were bland too and nothing interesting kept you hooked. It's mediocre at best. Kinda regret buying it, even at a sale price."
,Recommended,245280,13741153,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,CrUziE06,"This game is just the best, i can't explain how moving the story is, and how action pack it can be. buy this game now while its on sale,♥♥♥♥♥♥its worth it even if its not on sale. just buy it!! and see for yourself."
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,245280,28168496,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"Enslaved doesn't start with its best foot forward; the first level is one of the least interesting to look at and the action is constantly interrupted by cutscenes and tutorials. I was ready to quit this game long before it really got started, and that's not a good beginning to any title.Fortunately, some perseverance got me through the rough start and the game did become more enjoyable as it picked up, although I still felt it was flawed right to the very end. An odd combination of third-person platforming, brawling and shooter, it doesn't really do any of the three genres any justice. Its story - a sci-fi retelling of the 16th Century Chinese novel - it also has pretensions to being the next ""Sand of Time"", but fails to recapture the magic of either in plot or characters.On the plus side, the levels are graphically gorgeous, with deeply saturated greens and reds that give the world a very vibrant feel. The brawling mechanics are well done, and the parkour-like exploration is wonderfully animated. Unfortunately, the action is too frequently broken up by cutscenes and with switching to new mechanics; had the game focused on one style of game-play - or just let me do one sort of gameplay for more than a minute or two - I would have had more fun. Exploration is also limited by the incredibly linear level design; there is very little opportunity to go off the beaten path or even to mistakenly jump in the wrong direction (it is, in fact, impossible to leap off any ledge anywhere /except/ where you are expected to leap). Judged by each individual encounter, the game is rather fun but when taken as a whole it is less than the whole of all its elements."
76561198068507938,Recommended,245280,15915641,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Hexas,"11 / 10 - This game is a hidden gem. The graphics are well, the story is gripping, the pace is excellent, and the game play is fun and rewarding. Its like Prince of Persia face planted into a world of mechs.To point out a few things that caught my attention was the voice acting, characters and lip syncing/facial expressions were all done very well. I got this game on sale from its original price but honestly feel it is worth almost double the twenty dollars its posted for.Well worth it."
76561198042356736,Not Recommended,245280,12989099,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[D4]Thaddpole,This game does not deserve whatever ratings it got I can tell you that. The game idea is great similar to that of an uncharted game but the problem is with the port. The game has numerous issues that can prevent a player from continuing in the game. Things like enemies not destroying enviorment like they are supposed to  or being unable to jump from pipe to pipe. The fact that of the 5+ hours that I have on the game the last hour alone has been spent trying to get past a single bug that wont let me continue the game is proof enough. The game is riddled with bugs and issues. The game play is fun but the game itself is severally bugged and most of these bugs have been known for over a year.
,Recommended,245280,7783125,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,IGIBAIWYSP,"Very nice game, fun and challenging (if you play on hard), can be very challenging because of the bad camera in the battles. The characters are very well done and the graphics too."
,Recommended,245280,16803803,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,melahuac,good game 10/10 2013 game better than ps4 2015 graphics
,Recommended,245280,11552486,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,thearrow,"A wonderful journey of a game, enjoyable to play. Some light upgrading of abilities, but it is more a platformer/actioner driven by story than anything else"
,Recommended,245280,12399806,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Rebel Pebble,"This game is incredible! Everything from the story, characters, locations, combat, and mechanics are all very unique, and there aren't many games I could compare it to, as it is very innovative gameplay wise. Set in a dystopian America you'll fight through packs of mechs with great hand to hand combat, and get through platforming reminiscent of Uncharted. There are a lot of mechanics based on your NPC partner that sets the motion for puzzles such as avoiding mines whilst carrying her on your back, which breaks up the combat.Such an overlooked game, which is a shame as it received so many good reviews. Get it whilst it's on sale, you won't regret it."
76561198045071476,Recommended,245280,14858947,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Count Slacula,"Part Dragonball, part Last of Us with the gameplay of Darksiders. Overall a great game. Don't forget the extras after you beat the game."
,Recommended,245280,7508798,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Azundris,"Enslaved's ""green post-civilization"" look is very beautiful and sets it apart. Sure, if you stop and expect some corners of the game, you'll notice a lack of tesselation, textures being on a flat tile, objects not having as many points as they should, but generally, you'll be too busy climbing or fighting to take the microscope to everything. First off, this is no open world game. Like in many climbing games, there is a high degree of linearity, but you don't feel it as much as in Remember Me or, oh shudder, I am Alive. The climbing is fun, the fighting is, for the most part, also fun, and easy mode is actually easy. The world is beautiful (and colorful), the controls are fluid and sufficiently exact (though I'm not sure I appreciate ""press A+X"" type controls, but you only need those if you buy certain fighting skills), and the voice acting is good. The plot is OK -- or rather, you're too busy playing the game to pay too much attention; in fact, the plot and the backstory are a bit meh and confused, and adding quasi-flashbacks in a completely different visual style was a bad decision that breaks immersion when it happens. Your character isn't the most fleshed out ever, but quite serviceable. (Unfortunately, you only get to play Monkey, the man, not Trip, his companion. There is no multi-player either, so Trip is always AI controlled. At least, she has useful skills and isn't the kind of AI that steps in your line of fire, but where she isn't dangerous due to a lack of artificial intelligence, she is as a function of the story -- she is written to get you in trouble, and while her motives are somewhat understandable, she isn't exactly likeable.)In sum, the game feels very arcady -- big sprites, broad strokes, good fun.I bought this at (PC) release, and am not sore for the money.Don't buy if you require open worlds / sandboxes to be happy."
,Recommended,245280,21370088,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Soharmanx,"I haven't stayed up late to finish a game in a long time - E: OthW was a blast!  Just the right mix for me of jumping, bashing, shooting, surfing, puzzles, and story.  Haven't had this much fun since Beyond Good and Evil, which this game made me nostaligc for with the bo-staff fights, hovercrafts, and pig-styled characters.  That said it's a completely different game and much darker story, but still enjoyable and fun to play.The fight style can be tough, to the point of frustrated cursing at times, but it helps break the simple run through of the jump puzzles and co-op puzzles, which are thoughtful enough to add to the game but not mind breaking.  The decoy feature with your partner is handy, even if you get frustrated with the constant ""Monkey! Go fetch this!"" ""Monkey! I can't jump.""  ""Monkey!  Kill something!""I also love the characters, Monkey in particular is great and Pigsy is hilarious.  The graphics and detail really bring them to life.  Love also the silly jumping / climbing mechanic whcih grows on you after awhile.The only thing I wasn't happy with was the ending, which felt cut off after staying up to finish it through, but there's still extra Pigsy content to play and the journey is more satisfying than the destination.This game is not that pricey, totally worth a few hours of your life.  Buy it!"
,Recommended,245280,21677725,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SlugJones,"Enslaved is one of my favorite games ever. I had no idea going in to the game that I would enjoy it so thoroughly. I played and beat it originally on the Xbox 360. I never got to play the expansions. Glad to see they're in the PC version. It is a very beautiful game, especially for the time,and even now. It pull's you into the world nicely. I fell for the characters and felt attached to them by the end. Trip (the female lead), is still IMO one of the prettiest game characters ive seen or played. At any rate, great writing for the characters. Loved the relationship between Monkey and Trip, even if it isn't  groundbreaking or super complex.  Good and interesting overall story. The levels are enjoyable through and through. I don't think I remember a level that I did not enjoy, or got bored/frustrated with. Great controls as well. I have been begging Ninja Theory for a sequel on Twitter for a loooong while now. Hehe. They are always nice and reply or comment back to me. Good people there. I do think there may be a sequel in the works, but am not certain. On my own Slug rating system I made up just now, id give it a 9.5 out of 10. Wonderful game, but there is of course always room for improvement."
,Recommended,245280,22110891,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Droniac,"Enslaved: Odyseey to the West is a solid action game held up mostly by its characters and storytelling. In a distant post-apocalyptic future you play Monkey, who escapes from a slave ship only to be enslaved by a fellow escapee: Trip. From that point forward you're trying to keep her alive during various adventures. I can't really go into it any further than that without spoiling things, but suffice it to say the storytelling and character development is interesting, particularly during the first half of the game.Gameplay-wise you're looking at a fairly standard action-platformer. Monkey jumps and climbs around some crazy - and beautifully colorful - environments. And over time he unlocks more spectacular methods of navigating terrain and taking out enemies. There is an element of collecting materials to upgrade and unlock abilities here, so there's a small amount of customization. That sadly doesn't do anything to prevent the combat from being very simplistic throughout. And even the spectacular boss battles are handled by fairly basic, eventually repetitive, means.Enslaved is an older game, and it shows. The environmental design is beautiful and colorful, but the texturework is frequently hideous and there's not much detail to anything. It looks worse than a game released in 2010 should. Similarly, the audio is far from ideal. There is no separate voice volume slider, which often results in voiceovers being completely drowned out by sound effects. Subtitles are essential.The game loses a little of its focus after the halfway point, but picks it up again shortly before the ending. It ends up being a game that's most-of-the-way to being excellent. Yet it falls flat in terms of execution a few too many times to get all the way there. Some sequences are very glitchy and the combat mechanics / enemy variety could've used some more attention, for example.All DLC is included with this edition, which is a blessing. The character DLC is largely useless, because it only unlocks after playing the campaign through once, and you're really not going to play through it a second time. But Pigsy's Perfect 10 is an excellent example of how DLC can be done right. It takes the main game's formula, but puts a huge spin on the gameplay mechanics and delivers an excellent 2-3 hour linear stealth & sniping mini-campaign. It even serves as a nice self-contained prequel story ... that's best experienced after playing through the main campaign.Conclusion / TL;DREnslaved: Odyssey to the West is an excellent ""experience"". Gamers who enjoy interesting stories, strong characters and amazing environments can't go wrong. But those looking for strong action-platforming mechanics first and foremost will be let down.Technical DroningRequires some ini tweaks to render properly, specifically to fix a Shadow rendering bug and unlock the frame rate.120Hz - Yes, with ini tweaksBorderless Window - NoGraphics Options - DecentTexture Quality - PoorGamepad vs Keyboard - Gamepad, the keyboard controls aren't very goodAudio Balance - Poor. Subtitles required"
76561197994594242,Recommended,245280,28825011,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,apolokia,"Overuse of cut-scenes, fixed-perspective and handholding can't quite dampen the charm of this decent console port. Bigger and better games would kill for the good writing (by Alex Garland) and excellent voice acting on offer here. A little bit ""baby's first adventure game"" but colourful and - gasp! - fun.6/10."
,Recommended,245280,32800423,Posted: 25 June,all,Ero,"Very good game! It's a little short, but with good mechanics and something like a pre settle history to Horizon xD (if you wanna say so)"
76561198109093253,Recommended,245280,10459166,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cyborg Musashi,Awesome!
76561198067768980,Recommended,245280,32458519,Posted: 15 June,all,"Jeix, Cunning Castaway","Good game, great story. The formula is simple and old school, there are ways of enemies you gotta fend off while your ally does something (like opening doors and such), there are bosses with multiple stages, platforming sections, puzzles, upgrades, sections while you ride some kind of skateboard etc.The characters are few but very interesting and charismatic, the humor is solid and funny and the story is really good in my opinion though it only starts to get you after the first half of the game. Once you finish the game you can play ANOTHER GAME which is the story of one of the side characters and you get to play as that character with his unique moves and such. It's pretty much another game just like portal 2 coop was for portal 2. You also unlock cool extras in case you wanna replay the game.I doubt they'll ever make a new installment but I would buy it. Great game."
76561198067249014,Recommended,245280,13245719,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,iPrecision,"I picked up this game on sale for $5. Figured why not.Had i known it was this good, i wouldn't have hesitated.Superb Voice acting, the story is gripping and you find yourself getting sucked into it.I dont wanna beat this  game, the story is just that good.10/10 a must buy.*Edit*So i just finished the game and i am just stunned overall. Great story build and a satisfying finish. Couldn't have asked for more!"
76561197968519905,Recommended,245280,25966653,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,franco,"after playing for 2 hours I finally just said "" its the same thing over and over again"" jump climb run smash repeat. Good story line game mechanics a bit weird but for 5 dollars its worth a try."
,Recommended,245280,17334657,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Talos,"Enslaved has some great post apocalyptic scenary unlike I have seen in many other games, it's not open world but you can't help but look at everything around you. The story keeps you hooked and the relationship between the people involved is a believable one, it hardly seems scripted at all. You'll do lot of jumping around and alot of fighting, a few basic puzzles here and there. I have yet to finish the game, but so far, I'm glad i bought it. It has exceeded my expectations.buy it, it's worth it's weight. Don't let my hours put you off, i do play off line quite a bit at times."
,Recommended,245280,19296751,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Zajas.,"Modern jak & daxter, nuff said"
76561198118581449,Recommended,245280,18110170,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Nazgûl,loved it
76561198053923250,Recommended,245280,16311592,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Captain Britania,"An excellent game that is well worth a playthrough. My only complaint, where the hell was Sandy????"
76561197999079993,Recommended,245280,12769122,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,nefiskenar,7-8 hours of fun and fairly good story.
76561198019530534,Recommended,245280,31866150,Posted: 20 May,all,eddi_edi,a god game very strait but the fun parts is the relationship between the heroes and boy is it nice and good and surprisingly good facial animation. Its simple feels like a good movie whit a lot of good action
76561198031022626,Recommended,245280,13498058,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,pencilboom,Good story write up and characters. Enjoyed it thoroughly.
76561198038282164,Recommended,245280,13641805,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mr.Beardie,Literally the 2nd best story ive experiancedRecoomend to everyone very likeable gampley
76561198108662423,Recommended,245280,11471454,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,fromthedepthsbelow,"This is one of those games that you want to knock yourself in the head for not buying at release. It is beyond great. Great story, great sound, great graphics,great gameplay, and speaking of sound the voice acting is near perfect AAA game status.You may feel like you've played it before but its the effort that Ninja Theory put into this game that I admire. It still has a unique design and the fact that the options on how you finish a level are still available to you, I love it. Pick this  up if you like  3rd person action adventure games with a point collecting based upgrade system.9/10 easily 9/10"
,Recommended,245280,24922731,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,CorditeBurn,"I really like this game and its characters,I like how the relationship between Monkey and Trip evolves.The story telling and art design are great and the game itself is a lot of fun to play.I've re-played a few times and yes, the controls can be a bit clunky at times and so I would highly recomend playing with a controller, but I do recommend this game."
,Recommended,245280,16411908,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Foreverseeking,"A game that was created with so much love and attention to detail, and I heard so very little about it when it was released. The graphics are beautiful, and work perfectly with Nvidia 3D, to really showcase the high resolution assets and art design. The animations are early Pixar worthy, and story telling solid with little drops of humour that made me chuckle.Gameplay is far simpler, fighting is fun although repetitive and scaling walls is easy, child friendly and again slightly repetitive. At the same time, this game never outstays its welcome, and at 9 hours long feels about right for a game of this caliber.Can highly recommend to everyone out there that loves AAA Action games that have oodles of charm and are simple enough to guarantee the game can be completed in a day or two.8.8/10DLCControlling a new character, with different abilities and tactics changes the gameplay quite a bit. The story is rather sweet too. The DLC is much more stealth and tactics over action, but still lots of fun if not quite as good as the main game."
,Recommended,245280,34117657,Posted: 8 August,all,drAgoN33,"Interesting take to an old story. A little monotonous, but not boring. The fights change to your preference. ( You COULD play the same way the whole game, but why not spice it up for yourself?). I'd say get it on sale, I finished the whole story in 7 hours, so full price is a little much for that amount of time. Absolutely stunning game and memorable characters with character development as the story goes on. I had a great time with the game, and pretty much any system can run it with ease!"
76561198071310217,Recommended,245280,32873144,Posted: 27 June,all,Кytes,This game is really underrated. It's like Uncharted with robots. 9\10
,Recommended,245280,12436584,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Totally Harmless,"Saving - Do not turn off your console.Mark of a good port, 11/10.EDIT: Well might as well turn this into a bit more of an in-depth look at the port. It's... barebones. They added a few bits like the option to turn off motion-blur but apart from that it's the classic ""Low, Medium or High"".The default ""high"" settings are no AA, x4 AF and pretty much just... awful awful textures. You'll want to tweak them in the .ini's or you'll find a looooot of console-textures. There's a fantastic guide right here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/245280/discussions/0/792924952664793625/I've not tried KB/M but I'm sure it's awful as most hack 'n' slashes are with KB/M, I reccomend a controller. As for Optimization... Well... Let's face it, the game was designed to run on a potato so you're going to have no problem with almost any build. A 7970 can run this on High (with graphics options tweaked to the max) at 4K 60fps without breaking a sweat."
,Recommended,245280,10174509,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,oldchili,Buy it. Play it. Finish it. Enjoy.
76561198025583973,Recommended,245280,25357256,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,fiddleback,VERY enjoyable game. Much fun to be had. Excellent story. Well performed.Would recommend.
,Recommended,245280,12198616,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rymante,"Gameplay consists of simple, button mashy combat & Prince of Persia/Uncharted style 'platforming'Gameplay wise I feel the game is pretty dull.However, in terms of storytelling, presentation & the acting it's pretty damn good.  It's up to you whether that's worth enduring the rather 'meh' gameplay.  I also encountered some weird bugs & glitches with my AI companion but they sorted themselves after a checkpoint restart.I give Enslaved a mild recommendation, it's not fantastic, but it's OK."
,Not Recommended,245280,32770075,Posted: 25 June,all,Dalek:.,"Awkward animation, camera angles, voice acting and boring gameplay. So much so that I didn't bother continuing to play the game. There's also many moments of where a cutscene starts but your character is in a different spot as to where he triggers the cutscene, and the controls + movement are pure frustration."
76561198334759464,Recommended,245280,34961095,Posted: 14 September,all,prezba29,"Nice graphics , good game play. Even better the price. 😀"
,Not Recommended,245280,30845476,Posted: 30 March,all,PussySmoker420,"5/10I honestly CANNOT recommend this game. I liked the story and dialogue and voice acting, I really liked the main character, and I loved the fluid climbing. BUT the camera, combat, controls, and sometimes unskippable cutscenes ended up making this game too frustrating. I barely even finished it, and I'm a stickler for completion."
76561198008247177,Not Recommended,245280,33083676,Posted: 1 July,all,ThomasMalton,Just another adventure game with many problemsStory 7/10Characters 6/10Camera movement 3/10Combat system 2/10(Most important part. It's hack and slash afterall)A lot of Bugs...Also a controller isa must havefor this title as well as some minor game modding (here's the linkEnslaved Improvment Guide). Can recommend only for those wholovesthe game visual style and want to try it no matter what otherwise don't buy it except on heavy sale like summer sale for example. You won't regret anything. Just another hack and slash game with mediocre story and cliche characters.Overall score 4/10
76561198040766804,Recommended,245280,28574447,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Tenton,"THIS IS a really ♥♥♥♥ing fun controller game!   addictive and well thought of,....not to mention the grafyx are awesome!"
,Recommended,245280,11083395,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ReBoot,Solid gameplay combined with great characters and a unique (and good!) setting.
,Not Recommended,245280,12918683,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pfysicyst,"Very pretty, very shallow. It's a less involved spectacle fighter than other spectacle fighters.If you're in it for the gameplay, you've got your basic heavy/light staff strikes which are barely different, a low-ammo gun, a finisher move, and not much else to offer besides that. You've also got a 'hold to climb' button used in long climbing sections that test your skill at holding the direction you want to go and pad the game for time.If you're in it for the story of the monkey king, don't bother. This version isn't very interesting. It could've been, and I kept waiting for it to be, but it wasn't. That's the whole feeling I got during this game: it's juuuust about to get good. It's a slow-motion bottle rocket that never goes higher than a two-story home.There's a reason it's overlooked."
76561198010970250,Not Recommended,245280,22924502,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,blackwall,"GAMEPLAYYou play as Monkey and will spend 90% of the time tirelessly hopping from pipe to pipe, jumping across walkways and climbing buildings while all Tripp needs to do is walk a couple of steps to get to the exact same destination.What's a little annoying is the limitations on what you can do and go for. You can't jump down edges or leap in a different direction when the game doesnt want you to. You can't even fall from ledges unless you're supposed to. The game insists on holding your hand throughout the game. Despite this, I sometimes found myself in situations of not knowing what to do next, only because the objectives weren't mapped out clearly.These invisible barriers for a game isnt new or that bad actually... In fact, it's a good thing since I won't ever find myself accidentally jumping in the wrong directions and falling into a pool of acid or something but it also means no sense of danger, freedom or thought needed for the player.The gameplay mechanics are pretty interesting the first few times, then starts getting rather repetitive when you realize this is what you'll have to go through for the rest of the game. Climb this, climb that, deal with conveniently placed turrets, pull some lever and fight mostly the same robot enemies over and over again that you'll encounter throughout the whole game. Unlike what it seems, this is mostly a platformer-puzzle game than it is an action-adventure game.Not to say I hate platformer games. I've played games like the Prince of Persia series and enjoyed them, but for a game like Enslaved, all the climbing segments are all too similiar and with all the protective invisible walls in place, there's no challenge to be found in any of it.There are thankfully several instances of more fun action such as running from a giant robot dog or fighting a big robot that shoots his balls at you, but these are few and far in between.Levels are mostly linear and despite the changes in environment for each chapter, the map designs never really of changes and soon starts to feel way too repetitive.BAD PORTINGThere's little reason to roam in the maps apart from collecting bright shiny red floating orbs that you can use for upgrades which are pointless anyway. Because with such shoddy controls for this PC port, I couldn't even be bothered to use half of new movesets I unlock. One particuarly useful attack of Monkey swinging his long pole at multiple enemies (space+left mouse) can't even performed with the keyboard, with Monkey jumping up and down like an hapless dolt more times than when he actually performs the attack successfully. This is the biggest problem I had with the game and I never found a solution to it.Mouse sensitivity is all over place and it took me multiple attempts at tweaking the .ini file and in-game settings to finally settle things down. Even then, I had problems with the aiming controls, trying to aim with projectiles feels like trying to aim with WASD than with my own mouse. People who play on the controller probably wont be affected by all this crap porting issues, but hey, this is a effin' PC game. If they want to port it to PC, then port it right.A COMPELLING STORYThe story of Enslaved starts off with a half-naked dude, Monkey, being enslaved by a girl called Tripp, thus the title ""Enslaved"". Many elements are borrowed from Journey to the West, but mostly it's just the characters. Not sure if they were even travelling to the 'West'. The relationship is between Tripp and Monkey is interesting but never fully explored. Their journey spans across a few different unique locations but I honestly couldn't get that feeling of a refresh. Structures and paths are largely the same and having to battle the exact same robot enemies for all these levels made this adventure a tiring slog through.I can't give a proper conclusion to the story since I've not reached the last chapter, and it's pretty much the main reason why I, and most people I guess, play the game for. But with the kind of gameplay I have to put up with, I don't think I can be bothered to.GRAPHICSGraphics is pretty okay for 2010 standards, but far too bright and vibrant for my tastes. The excessive bloom washes away texture definition and environment details and the brightness can sometimes be too distracting instead.CONCLUSIONEnslaved Odyssey to the West has a potentially good premise in its world that leaves much to be answered but as much as I hate to say this, it just squanders too much repetitiveness, linear level design and gameplay mechanics that makes the game more boring to play than enjoy.If you're fine with a very mediocre gameplay experience and prefer playing the game for a story or adventure you might enjoy this game. But personally, as much as I wanted to, I couldn't.2.5/5"
76561198017076013,Recommended,245280,23560964,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Texelion,"Enslaved is an action-plateformer with some combat where you play as Monkey, a really agile and really strong guy ""enslaved"" by Trip, a really intelligent girl who needs him to get back to her tribe. It's set in a post-post-apocalyptic world, apparently centuries after a war against machines. Cities have been deserted and plants have grown everywhere, but in the ruins of civilizations, ancient mechs still lurk and do what they have been programmed for : kill all humans.Halfway through the game, after a not-so-surpising plot twist, a third character is added to the duo, Pigsy, a fat, smelly guy kinda obsessed with pigs. He will help Monkey and Trip finding and destroying the Pyramid, a place where all humans captured by mechs are enslaved... or are they ?It's a fun and rather short little game ( maybe don't buy it full price ) combining a lot of easy climbing ( you generally can't die and there is only one path ) and some dynamic fighting, with a bit of shooting and puzzle solving. Monkey has some kind of daibo he uses to kick mech's @sses with, with a light attack, a strong attack, a wide attack and a charged electrical attack. You can also unlock a ""fury"" attack available after the daibo is fully charged by hitting enemies with normal attacks, and you can protect yourself with a shield, well, two shields in fact : one protects you from bullets, the other one you can activate it when attacked in melee.The daibo can also shoot plasma and stun rays, used to deactivate enemies shields and kill them from a distance.In addition, there is one under-used mechanic that only serves a few times in the game : the hoverboard. Called the Cloud ( like the Magical Cloud in Dragon Ball ), it's a really fast disc that Monkey can use at very specific locations to get accross water for example, or fight fast bosses.And then there is Trip. You can't control her directly, but you can give her orders, she can generate a decoy to attract enemy fire, heal you, and she'll mostly be used to open locked doors, hack stuff and put ladders down. She has an EMP to defend herself in case she gets attacked in melee, and overall she's not really a burden ( unlike most games where you have to escort an NPC, I'm looking at you, Ashely from RE4 ), except when she glitches through the floor and you have to restart the whole chapter/zone.PROS :- nice story loosely inspired by the 16th century Chinese novel ""Journey to the West"" ( Dragon Ball was inspired by that too, you might find some similarities ).- nice characters, voice over and facial animations during cutscenes. Monkey is voiced by Andy Serkis, mostly known for Gollum in LOTR.- easy and effective climbing mechanics, it's quick, responsive, and you can't fall to your death- upgradable hero and gear- nice graphics for a 2010 game- light humor after Pigsy joins the group- unlockable costumes for Monkey and Trip when you finish the game- unlockable mini adventure where you play as Pigsy, with its own gameplay mechanics.- nice cutscenesCONS :- the camera sucks most of the time, but especially during combats- some bugs and glitches, Trip disappearing into the environment, scene becoming black when you alt-tab, game crashing when you alt-tab- no real save system. There is a checkpoint system when you die, but if you quit the game or if it crashes/glitches, there is a big chance you'll have to start the whole chapter over- characters are a bit cliché : you have the strong hero, the naive cute girl and the funny sidekick. I'd like to have seen some more ""extreme"" personalities to get more tension between the characters. especially between Trip and Monkey.- not a big variety of enemies : normal mechs, gun mechs, shielded mechs, stun mechs, some stronger versions of mechs and variants and combinations of the above."
76561198123898827,Recommended,245280,29105794,Posted: 7 January,all,The Sandy Hook Slayer U_M_G: ™,I bought the game becasue it was only $5 at the time and i knew my friends had played for xbox so i decided to give it a chance and my my my it was AMAZING!!! The controls were pretty good even tho the camera was kinda crappy sometimes but the real gem is in the story. Its got great progression and you get to see how the characters grow and develope over time and the ending wow huge trip lol. I wholeheartedly recommend this game. Please make another one.
76561198211741516,Recommended,245280,28890254,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,joy88,"Apart from a minor bug if low quality at chapter 3, this game is really fun to play and the story keeps you hanging until the end. Great level design, great universe, great soundtrack. A cool hack and slash as I like them.I would've love though a bigger final boss battle with more hack and more slash.I recommend it."
76561198006216609,Not Recommended,245280,19623128,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Hedgehog,"****This is a 2010 game being reviewed in 2015.****Pros+ Late game humor+ Beautiful colors+ Nice Art style+ Good Voice acting+ I like that Trip isn't just boobs/eye candy. She's intelligent and can be very helpful at times.++++ Pigsy is best character hands down ++++-/+ Story (I personally didn't really enjoy it.)Cons- Short game. I beat it in 9 hours taking my time.- The camera sucks (in and out of battle)- Can't skip cutscenes- Very linear (Even the platforming is linear, everything is predetermined.)- Lots of graphical glitches- Combat is glitchy (I played on mouse and Keyboard)- No enemy variation. You fight like 3 different common mechs and 3-4 different boss mechs.- The main character (Monkey) only disagrees with Trip once then just accepts everything she wants to do.- Battle is too easy. I never once had to get Trip to heal me, more then enough health laying around.This honestly sums up the way I feel about this game.(Escapist Review)"
76561198082455547,Not Recommended,245280,12506790,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Smokescreen,Well... its okI really want to say this game is great but I just cant...First off this game is one of the worst pc ports I have ever played. Three presets for graphics options and terrible visuals. Metal gear solid 4 looks like a next gen game compared to this and that is on the ps3. The story... oh god... the story is just a mess. You play as this charecter named Monkey who is enslaved by this young girl named trip by a slave headband. Despite this Monkey and Trip become friends very quickly and even when they do Trip does not take the headband off. There are other things that happen in the story that lack explenation but I would be spoiling the game if I talked about it. I will just end my explanation for the distaste I have for the story by saying that the ending is very lack luster and you will have questions and you will be dissapointed.But how is the gameplay? Well its really fun but unfortunatley this is very flawed as well. There are these large enemies that have unblockable attacks that they will sometimes use over and over and over again. I would find myself doing really well when all of a sudden I would be facing two or three of these things and lose a huge portion of health due to the difficulty of dodging their attacks. It feels nice to slam Monkey's staff into the enemies but its just so simplistic with very few options and strange camera placement. All in all it is just repetitive I honestly think that Star Wars The Force Unleashed's combat is more compelling at least I can somewhat change my strategy depending on what I decide to upgrade. The shooting is extremely simple to its not even worth going into detail about.Please get this game on sale for 5 bucks like I did. I honestly would not pay more for it.P.S: I have seen the AI running into things and I had a lot of problems with getting Trip to do something as your commends most of the time do not register. There are also some sexual things in this game that are just silly and none of it goes anywhere.
,Recommended,245280,25790454,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zimon,Great Game.Awesome Story.Overall worth a buy!
76561198164490918,Not Recommended,245280,31499712,Posted: 1 May,all,dasted08,"I can only attest to those playing on a keyboard:this looks like a great game to play on a console or with a controller, but i'm really dissapointed with this port using mouse and keyboard. the camera movement is awkward and for some reason changes sensitivity when entering combat, which is chaotic and sometimes hard to see, and unless you're taking cover you're ALWAYS running. even though there are stealthy missions your character sprints around frantically, which combined with the poor camera control makes for frustration and confusion. also, don't change any of the graphic settings while playing or it will break half the world. probably a great game, but a very substandard port."
76561198000378204,Not Recommended,245280,16786977,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Kyp,"I can't really recommend Enslaved. The background are gorgeous and very original, the music is nice and the actors are top-notch, but the game itself disapoints. The gameplay is something you've played ten times already (and it was begining to be boring the third time) and there are lots of incredibly frustrating imperfections: camera screw, fights lacking subtelty, checkpoints not always well placed and the mouse becomes very unsensitive when you go in shooting mode.Also, for those who care, the characters are pure caricatures of clichés (but you're supposed to care for them). Monkey is the usual sexist depiction of the male hero: far too muscular to be able to jump (but jumps and climbs like a monkey nonetheless), manly grunts each time he makes the slightest effort (like opening a door), comically stupid (except it's not funny). And Trip is the usual sexist depiction of the female sidekick: overly sexy (with special points for the torn tight pants), always in need of help, cries a lot, calls for help a lot, is absolutely useless in everything, runs everywhere when she's been told to stay hidden and is the ""brain"" of the team (meaning she uses hacking to open doors instead of savagely kicking with a grunt).And wait till you meet Pigsy..."
,Not Recommended,245280,13534766,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,LumiTurtle,"The game is really great. Except for one major flaw: The Combat. Even on hard it's overwhelminly simplistic and easy. The game presents no challenge whatsoever, even on later areas. There is no depht on it. The platforming is simplistic too, but satisfying. Still, I'm not feeling like finishing it, the story hasn't really gotten into me. Just my opinion. Still, if you're feeling like it, give this game a try. Just be sure that other Ninja Theory games are better than this one."
,Not Recommended,245280,15991983,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,evilidin,"OK game. good ending.  The rest of the game kinda was weak.  Combat was very repetitive.  handholding at all times when not in combat( telling you exactly where to go), scripted events before you could trigger switches.  6/10"
,Recommended,245280,16801523,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,fatalphenom,yes
,Recommended,245280,15200543,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Rice Gum,"If you like to kick some robots in the face ,Enslaved is a good option ."
,Not Recommended,245280,18385283,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Cartof,"very very very very bad console port, the controls are AWFUL just do not bother with this."
76561198042132122,Recommended,245280,11463565,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Asbo_Flemzo,"Buy this game, if you like uncharted/tomb raider based games or just like the monkey journey to the west lore.This game was badley named and badley advertised, its a true gem in the rough, high quality gameplay with nice polish.Combat takes a little thinking at first before your chaining moves and watching the impressive visual pan."
76561197974883007,Not Recommended,245280,19495362,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Crythorn,"Intresting game, just a shame the ""jumping"" mechanics are just janky as f*&^i cant even get any further into the game due to a ""bug"", so cant jump over the damn draw bridge as mr monkey cant get off the DAMN PIPE!hasnt been patched in all this time so not hoping for miracles, was a instant uninstalled game"
76561198057775784,Recommended,245280,26554626,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SaMaN7UP,"Not bad for a ported game , it's worth for a 75% off in steam sale if you want to play a good game , i like this game and recommend this game for everyone."
,Not Recommended,245280,12979463,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,NiKMo,"I must say the story in ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the West is quite trilling, but I think the gameplay itself is very boring.. Sure it's fun to beat up some mechs (the enemies of the game) in this apocalypse world but I dont think enough time was brought to the game.It feels very rushed, and you dont really get to the bottom of the world that you have to fight yourself through. You meet close to no other people and these people inspiring and adventurous as they are just did not cut it for me.. Character development, gameplay & story feels so rushed that I never got to truly enjoy the game.The game has potential to be great but just did not do it for me."
,Not Recommended,245280,13203697,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Neon Genesis Evangelist Church,"i spent $5 on this and it still wasnt worth the ridiculous pc port bugs, boring/pointless overdone storyline and extremely annoying ""let's mix things up!!!"" turret sections. absolutely atrocious.the acting is really good though. thank you andy serkis"
76561198027933321,Not Recommended,245280,13354659,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,penguinsomething,"Generic, banal and frankly a chore to play at times. The games spoon feeds you the answers to any puzzles and the fighting quickly becomes tedious, throw in a few gimicky mechanics and its a game you don't want to play. The characters are also shallow and predictable with all the expected dialogue and humour that might amuse a 13 year old boy. In the end it was just going through the motions to finish it as I had paid my money."
,Not Recommended,245280,32798716,Posted: 25 June,all,Metabee,"The camera in this game is downright AWFUL. You can't control it in any meaningful way, and you can't lock onto your enemies either. More often than not you will have a predetermined line of sight which will vary slightly depending on what direction your character is facing. This wouldn't be so bad if the viewing angles weren't in terrible locations, and the enemies didn't move in and out of blind spots. In addition to this, the FOV is way too close which only adds to the problem (and no you can't change it)."
,Not Recommended,245280,16817564,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sonic Arsenal,"Enslaved is a game about looking your big breasted, yet petite, girlfriend in the face and satisfying her needs, every time she nags or cries. It's an adventure game that's quite linear and mundane. The whole game literally revolves around your girlfriend crying. The graphics are quite muddy in some areas and there's no anti-aliasing options, so video card driver options can help. Overall, this games color palette and mundane mood made me feel sick in the stomach during several portions of the story. So be sure to have gotten all your hypeness and energy out before playing as this game is a calm and silent experience. Whoever made this game is quite Emo, as there's no real storyline and it revolves around looking at your girlfriends face and breasts every time something goes wrong. You can safely skip this game, but if you want to play it.. be sure to get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,245280,16610467,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ebonweaver,"Another game that is almost great, but fails due to this fad of making games with terrible camera issues.  As the camera flies around unexpectedly, your direction of travel changes mid movement, which can result in going back where you just came from at which point the camera flips again and you're caught in a wirlwind until you stop moving, go sideways, and move in a way that gets you into the next camera location.  Yes it's that terrible, I have no idea how people tolerate this junk.  This will make a normal person ill, and greatly disrupts gameplay.  If you can get past that, the only issue thus far seems to be that combat moves simply fail half the time for no reason.  You're pretty much limited to your basic attack, because the special attacks don't go off half the time, and when they fail you pretty much fail to do anything and just stand there to get hit.If you get past those issues, the game is actually really great.  While it's true what some say about it being linear, the storytelling is really good, the gameplay (finding your way around) is satisfying, looks and sounds good, and when combat works it works really well.  If it didn't have the terrible camera design issue I'd recommend it.  As is it is not only irritating but nauseating."
76561197960518913,Not Recommended,245280,14056071,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kraki,"Steam can't seem to keep track of time spent in this game properly - it was really difficult to post this review because it insisted that I'd played under 5 minutes.Ok, wow...maybe the story makes up for a HORRIBLE graphics, control and camera system.Maybe the story gets better and you won't notice that you're on rails 5 inches wide and actually have almost 0 control of your character.  I doubt it.If you're prone to motion sickness, you might want to look away from my review because you might get queasy just reading about it here...it is THAT bad.  The camera fights you all the time.  Each time you get close to the edge of the 40 foot wide corridor, it yanks you back and tries to force you back to the center.  1920x1080 is the max resolution which is awesome for those with big monitors.  I know some of the settings can be changed via the .ini files:  motion blur can be disabled, AA can be turned on, VSYNC etc but the studios need to put a bit more effort into the PC port.  This is barely a usable PC port.The game itself is at best a 2D+ platformer with open 3D combat areas, the rails I mentioned earlier are so narrow that you might as well be on a side scroller. There appears to be only 1 real way to do any of the ""puzzles"".  I hesitate to call them that because at each handhold, the next jump location is highlighted so you can't miss it.  As you jump, camera control is taken from you and rotated so many times during the climb/jump sequences that it is beyond annoying.The climbing platform sections require 0 (ZERO) ability and are just an exercise in button mashing.  That huge fall below you is actually not a problem because falling wasn't programmed in, you'll just hang on the side of a burning, exploding ship while you make a sandwich...seriously.But you're a crazy hopping climbing monkey right, that's cool - when chicky gets ahead of you up some stairs, you can just jump and catch up!  NOPE.  You have to run around and WALK UP THE FRAKKING  STAIRS.  You're not allowed to jump unless they say you're allowed to jump.  WTF.  That's the silliest thing I encountered, you can't even jump when you want to on a jumping monkey character.You'll also be doing plenty of jumping with chicky riding on your back.  Yes, it's teenage wish fulfillment hour:  the helpless girl climbs onboard while you save her.  The sheer number of rearend screenshots I just encountered while looking at other reviews is just sad.  (It appears that Steam reviews are G/PG because you can't type the synonym for donkey)Maybe I'll finish the other couple hundred games in my library and come back to this one but I doubt it.I cannot believe that this has so many positive reviews."
,Not Recommended,245280,18022694,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Helicopterinho,"Pick one: a very bad game or a very bad port, I can't tell."
,Not Recommended,245280,18029799,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Purplewolfies,"the game was fun until i got to a certain point and had no idea what to do, the clunky camera didnt help either, theres also no way to change the graphics besides high, medium, or low"
,Recommended,245280,12708812,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lionarith,I had 2 playthroughs on PS3. Best dramatic action game ive ever played.
,Recommended,245280,29192689,Posted: 11 January,all,rasta|blaster,this one is rly fun -  technoapocalypse  plus  Chineese folk stories and much more;  decent fights plus a tad boring acrobatics  - a far cry from  Prince of Perisa's freedom;  mind you if  you like PoP you may like Enslaved.
,Recommended,245280,28948585,Posted: 2 January,all,Crispy Tacos,"Game-play wise, it's Assassin's Crreed parkour meets Uncharted climbing meets God of War combat. Nothing overly complex, but it all comes together nicely to make a very enjoyable gaming experience."
,Recommended,245280,15460325,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Apparently Kid,"Was honestly hoping for a better game. After seeing this game on so many ""top 10 most underrated games"" and ""top 10 games nobody played"" lists, I had high hopes. While it wasn't bad, it was really just a little better than average. First off, the good. The story is semi-interesting and the character development and bond between the two characters is fun to watch. The voice and acting is good. The graphics are solid, except for some problems with shadows and shading (had nothing to do with my top of the line comp). The combat could have been much better. You use a light and heavy attack. But unlike god of war or most 3rd person action games, there are no combos. You literally just hit with all light, all heavy, or mix them, but any mixture of the two always comes out the same. You can use a stun attack and a wide attack to move everyone back. You also get a special attack from hitting people, although there is no meter or way to know how it is progressing. You have all that within the first hour. You literally gain nothing else all game. There is an evade attack where you just evade and attack, pretty boring. The game includes a counter ability, but it is the single worst in any game ever. It doesn't even work. You have to be blocking and then press a button at the right time, but the button takes you out of block and gets you hurt. I tried it like 10 times and it never once worked. The upgrade system is boring too. You get increased health, shields, better shooting damage, and thats about it. There is nothing interesting. There are collectible masks but they basically don't do anything besides show a random picture.The other biggest problem is the enemies. The entire game you fight like 4 different (but basically same looking) robots. They have no personality, don't talk, and have no incentive or agenda. There is no entity you are fighting against. So the fighting is uninteresting because the enemies never change and you don't care about them. Fighting endless silent robots the entire game just takes away the fun. The game also doesn't describe the world at all. There are 3 total people the entire game, and it is never explained why. Why were there all these robots with no masters, who controls them, where are people, what has happened......none of it explained. There have been positive things said about the post-apocolyptic setting, and its ok. It doesn't feel real or lived in like the last of us. It is a bunch of same looking worn down buildings with green moss on them, thats about it. You are among buildings, in a scrapyard, in a ramshackle town, and in a facility. That's basically it. I didn't find any of them that impressive. The camera zooms in too closely in combat and it is hard to see when people are about to attack you, which is annoying. Another caveat is Trip. Instead of making her like Elle from the last of us, they make here way too feminine and damsel in distress. She needs help all the time, even making you carry her up this tiny ledge she can easily climb. She spends most of the time crying and yelling when enemies attack, even if it is you fighting them and she is nowhere near them, she'll just scream and wail because you are fighting. It gets super annoying and she's so helpless and whiny I felt like she was dakota fanning from War of the Worlds.The platforming is kind of fun, but it is super linear. You jump from one shiny rung or foothold to another. You never have to aim or do anything besides just continually hammer jump, its not like ""drakes uncharted"" where you feel accomplished or like it actually took skill. Sometimes the platforming doesn't work. You will be by the edge and just roll forward against an invisible wall, because you weren't at the perfect spot to trigger the jump sequence, which makes it feel even more linear and hands-off. The game does provide good length though. The DLC is fun and a change of pace, although pigsy is made to be way too slow getting over things, activating abilities, and getting in and out of cover. It does introduce you to the best character of the game, Truffles, who is baller. The ending was sad and the most heartbroken I have been in a game in a while. As for enslaved as a whole, if the upgrade system wasn't boring as hell, the combat had variation or something more than using the same weapon with the same 2 attacks for 8 hours, and weren't fighting the same boring 4 machines with no personality, I would recommend it higher. Right now, 7/10."
,Recommended,245280,8634408,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"Nat a bad PC port, but then again not a very good one either. It looks pretty and the controls are ok. Although it can be a bit clunky at times. Gameplay would be smooth if it wasn't for the haunting of the console that seems ever still present in Enslaved. There are times when it just seems like you've graduated without learning anything, or rather take on a big ""boss"" without any thoughts or hints on how to gain the advantage. The game will occasionally mention how to use the controls but it wont hold your hand. It's left me to guess work at times (lots of trial & error, mind you). Pretty much just another day in the life of PC ports."
,Recommended,245280,11742988,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Brigh Guy,"I remember loving this game when I first played it on Xbox 360.  After a few years, I still love it.  The pacing is perfect, the platforming is enjoyable, the combat is simple and fun, and the story keeps you going."
,Recommended,245280,7778698,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,CrisisManagement,"One of the most beautiful games around, I orginally played it on Xbox 360 and was very happy to buy it for PC. This is a must own Action/Adventure game..."
76561198059364745,Recommended,245280,9201608,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,saintNINE ( 9 ),"This game is AMAZING, its one of the best story-driven games ivew ever played, definitely worth buying and definitely needs more people to play this game."
,Recommended,245280,11680785,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,FAArscape,Really good!!  :D
,Recommended,245280,29796306,Posted: 8 February,all,Hey! Hey! WoLF,Umm.. Monkey King is that you? XD
,Recommended,245280,11518539,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Reddragon,"Very good story. I think you may have a better time using a controller if your into that sort of thing. I made due with mouse and keyboard, I recommend for the story as well as mild fun smashing machines."
,Recommended,245280,11740450,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Franky Fish,An entertaining adeventure with good voice acting and great visuals.
76561198039274147,Recommended,245280,11537154,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Mrs. Waffle,One amazing game! Even with a few issues from the port over to PC.
76561197993268038,Recommended,245280,11607320,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Thanatos,Definitely worth playing through.  Shame about the ending though.
,Recommended,245280,7688204,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,b3Nign,"What peaked my interest back when it was released on consoles now finally made it to the PC and I have to say that even after all that time it does not dissapoint. No obvious flaws that you wouldn´t find in any other game of this genre so you can lean back and enjoy some pretty decent gameplay, story and characters. As with many other games here though I wish the game could have concluded a bit more cleanly."
,Recommended,245280,11447163,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,245280,9097731,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,phasra,"Pros: Characters are quite well written (especially Trip and Pigsy), some interractions are really funny. The story is interesting and engaging. Visually beautiful game.Cons: Although presented as ""action"" game, I'd say it's much more a 3d platformer than anything else (with some easy puzzles thrown in). The game is linear - the only choices you get are in the ""chasing mechs sequences"" where you can take 1 out of the 2 paths (no effect on story). Everything else in the game is linear - there is only one way to progress through the level. There are some questionable mechanics - the controls are always camera based (pressing A makes Monkey run left in relation to the camera, not the actual left of the character). This wouldn't be a problem, except the game sometimes ""takes over"" the camera by locking it somewhere in the corner of a room etc. It's a little annoying, but not game breaking. The controls in menu or upgrade menu are not very good, if you're using a mouse and keyboard.Conclusions: I still recommend the game, but I would recommend using a controller with this one. You can play with mouse and keyboard - the controller experience is much better. I'd rate it 8/10 (or 7/10 if playing without controller)."
76561198001500222,Recommended,245280,11587833,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Acid606,"awesome, under-appreciated game"
76561198093603396,Recommended,245280,8159938,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,W.Smith1010,is rly good
76561198043461447,Recommended,245280,12882117,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,midnightxpress,Great game. A bit buggy but beautiful to look at.
,Not Recommended,245280,19766922,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,thelight181,The story to this game is interesting but it seems a little broken. I got to one point with a windmill and I couldn't get my partner to restart it when i needed to.
,Recommended,245280,13598419,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Dark Knight,This is A better Gamethen DmCStory 9/10gameplay 7/10grapchic great
,Recommended,245280,8991530,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,phenolic72,"Played this on the XBox 360 all the way through. Was hoping for some good upgrades in the PC version - but none here. Still a great game, and I think highly underrated for story, acting and action. But you can tell it is a console game. If you haven't played it - I would recommend it - but play with a controller. The camera is just not engineered for a mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,245280,29286071,Posted: 15 January,all,PhonAntiPhon,"I just finished this and I loved it. The story is Awesome - Alex Garland, you can't beat that. Andy Serkis as the lead (male) character...The characters are brilliant - their realisation and their chemistry works really well. It helps too that this is a variation on the whole ""Monkey"" thing. It's also BEAUTIFUL - it just looks Gorgeous, which really helps as well in terms of getting you into the game.Gameplay: smooth and lovely and nicely varied and intuitive. My only real issue was occasionally with the camera, but to be honest that's small potatoes.I got this game on sale but actually I would do full price for it, in hindsight. Do yourself a favor and give your eyeballs a treat!! :D Buy it."
,Not Recommended,245280,17267513,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,DeanHComposer,"Horrible......Eye Train.......Sickening FOV.....Frustrating Camera.......If you are a younger gamer who grew up in PS2 era, you probably wont understand what I am on about, and most likely will LOVE this game."
,Not Recommended,245280,17627367,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,CasualRando,"8 hours on easy difficulty. Really?+ backgrounds are beautiful+ parkour is cool+ Andy Serkis- waaaay too short- characters some times look like paper dolls plastered to the background- backstory is non-existant- forced camera angles- forced camera zoomNo replayability. Buy in extreme sale only - or if there's ever a sequel (which I probably would buy, if not for the full price)."
,Not Recommended,245280,16297632,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,misingleters,"Needs more robot punching, less mine-field crossing."
,Not Recommended,245280,13644248,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,bou,"I really wanted to try this game but it's impossible. I had to manually enter my monitor's native resolution in an INI-File, ok. But the game absolutely does not recognize my cheap (read: not xbox) controller. If i set up mouse/keyboard controls (have to remap from wasd since i'm left-handed) and start the game, all controls are reset to approx 3 keys which are conseqeuntly at least triple-mapped.Game is absolutely UNPLAYABLE"
,Recommended,245280,10708573,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Chimpchief,good
,Recommended,245280,18375014,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,ArYahn,"A very simple but competent action adventure. The gameplay falters a bit on virtually unfailable platforming sections and somewhat dull combat. Really there's not much in the way of technical challenge, but the game presents itself well. I'm slightly hesitant to recommend it, but if you're a fan of the genre you'll find something enjoyable in this."
76561198120391926,Not Recommended,245280,18585804,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,hooperne,"Bugs, bad camera work and a really poor PC Port.    Save your cash"
,Recommended,245280,23945179,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,yuhuu811,"I love trip :Done of best game i ever play, super fun !"
,Not Recommended,245280,14801793,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MaleSensitivity,"I hate this game so much.  This is a perfect example of what developers should not do in a game.  The most powerful enemy in this game is the camera angle.  Good luck trying to get a decent view of the action or a view of the screen that doesn't completely disorient you.   And the sidekick in the game, is a huge pain in the butt.  She doesn't do anything except ask you to help her get across various obstacles and then she holds you up from completing levels.  She is like the anti-Elizabeth in BIoshock Infinite.   She will get in your way and make you hate the entire dev team for not figuring out a better way to make both of these characters act in concert.Plus, if you do buy this game, I highly suggest turning off motion blur.  The enabled motion blur in this game is strong enough to make someone sick."
76561198020833183,Not Recommended,245280,14679240,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Lenny pls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Boring. Offers nothing new.Brb tapping a button and hoping I jump somewhere until I get to the combat, not before I have to watch the scanner fly cutscenes that I can't skip and no interesting story to make me put up with all of that."
,Not Recommended,245280,13673986,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,missrosalyn,Weird camera angles and shakey cam!  If you get motion sick beware!  Could only play it for a short amount of time before the motion sickness settled in.
,Recommended,245280,21599242,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Cheerylixilis,"Well...I'll say this. It looks pretty.But the story is kind of weak, the collectables don't really feel like you have any reason to collect or at least it gives you none straight out that I could see.There are numerous moments where (And this is just a personal pet peeve) I could see objects clipping into other ones. I get that it's unavoidable in many situations but it just made many of the objects feel like they weren't solid.The game itself is short and to me, simply easy. You can quite easily rush through this game, just focusing on health and sheild upgrades and then get the staff ones at the end since you can two hit your strongest normal mech enemy with full upgrades, negating the need to actually get close to them towards the end when you have ammo.Overall, I'd reccomend getting this on sale but it's only barely above meh, thanks to the cute little bot that follows Pigsy around in Pigsy's perfect 10.5/10"
76561198042948550,Recommended,245280,13702603,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jesse_Z,"The game is in the same vein as The Prince of Persia Series. However, the gameplay is extremely linear, repetitive and predictable. There's a tech-tree is that is sub par, and you use a ""buddy-system"" with a NPC which is meh. You issue generic commands or have to throw her across to a bridge to drop a ladder basic stuff and usually annoying.Plot is so-so; however, the voice acting really, drives the story and gets you involved. Andy Serkis, aka Gollum, plays the main character and hits it out of the park. The female lead does pretty awesome too.All-in-all, a fun game that is worth it for a run-though; however, after its won, a pretty forgettable one. Buy it on sale from Steam or something."
76561198053309258,Not Recommended,245280,20124749,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Keller,"What Enslaved has going for it is beautiful environments, great character design, professional voice acting (as in actual actors), good music, all the artistic things. Andy Serkis had a big part in the voice acting and motion capture performance, and you can really see it. But when it comes to actual gameplay, it's not that great.The enemies are very repetitive and the controls on the PC are really wonky. You can tell the controls are meant to be used on a console and the PC port wasn't super smooth. There was one move that I leveled up and couldn't use because the instructions for it were for an XBOX controller. .Getting around consists a lot of jumping from ledge to ledge, which is cool in the beginning but it gets old. you can only jump off specific ledges, and plenty of times you can't jump off a simple small ledge because you can only jump from certain spots. The exception to this is the ""cloud"" which is like an air surfing thingimajig, and it's pretty cool, but you only use it in certain spots, and also it's hard to use.Honestly, this is a really beautiful-looking game. If you just want to play it for the art, I recommend just playing it on easy. There's no real point in challenging yourself with this game. Personally, what kept me going was that I wanted to see what happened in the end, and mostly I just wanted to get it over with."
,Not Recommended,245280,13213242,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dan Violet Sagmiller,"While the graphics were nice at times, and it was kind of fun to play.  There were two key issues.1) The camera kept switching from a trailing 3rd person perspective like most FPS's, to odd angles at other times, which often made it difficult to control where the character was going, when you are trying to move forward, but suddenly the camera angle snaps 130 degrees, and you are going left.2) You are typically locked to a single path you can take, But the level appears to have many paths.  Sections of the terrain that your character *should* be able to use, are not usable.  This also makes it confusing when it should be an easy path to your goal, but you can't get there because you can't use your normal abilities here.  The same egde of buildings you use all the time, just doesn't work here.Honestly, had a Played a demo of it first, I would not have bought it."
,Recommended,245280,24608312,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Senopati,"Love story, never dies.Wu kong and Tang Sangzang should have a lot of kids.Then everything's prefect."
,Recommended,245280,31953189,Posted: 25 May,all,Spinkicked,"It is like they have put Zidane, Lani and Baku into frozen capsules so they could survive the apocalypse, then erased their memories and set them on an epic Post-Apocalyptic journey."
76561197961240945,Recommended,245280,23609325,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MADCOZY,this games is  a cracker really enjoyed it good story to with plenty of action
,Recommended,245280,14001332,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"I really liked this game, and no this isn't in jest. If you go in with low expectations you will be pleasntly surprised. I like the whole relationship between trip and monkey. As for the story, it's, well. it's really out there, and the ending makes you go ""wtf did i just watch?"" it was interesting enough to make it to completion when I originally played it on the x360, now with♥♥♥♥♥remasted for pc and we get to play at 1080p +, it really does shine. Except the hair, the hair is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hair tech in modern games is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway. Unless you count Alice, in which case her hair was beautiful. Wait for a steam sale again, pick this up when it's sub $4 if you are a cheap♥♥♥♥♥ if not, pick it up right now if you are craving a "" different"" type of game."
76561198052373849,Not Recommended,245280,11155885,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Shawn J The Mythical Rabbit!,"This game is absolutely worthless, it might be good but what is the point of buying a game that has so many bugs, its a ♥♥♥♥in disgrace and thievery. As for me im stuck at chapter 2 Drawbridge area because the stupid monkey appearntly forgets how to jump to the last hang out spot before touching ground. So i don´t recommend this to anyone, dont buy it just leave it be. forget it"
76561197972736995,Not Recommended,245280,12971696,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"Don't get me wrong. The storyline is exciting, the graphics are beautiful, the voice acting (particularly that by Andy Serkis, but yes, in general) is fantastic. It's also exciting to know that I'm playing as a character who was mocapped by Andy Serkis. However.This is the one of the worst, and laziest, PC ports imaginable. There are game-breaking bugs throughout the game, the kind that require a walkthrough to find a workaround; and I'm not even to the end of it yet. If you can get it for console instead of PC, I strongly recommend that. However, I would not spend more than five dollars on the PC port. Video handling is atrocious, graphics are much too tightly bound to the same system as controls, and throughout the game, you will face no greater enemy than the freakin' camera angle. It felt worse than DIstrict 9. There were cases where Monkey (that's your hero) would attack at angles that had nothing to do with anything, exposing you to getting torn to shreds by a bunch of otherwise-trivial robots. There were cases in which the camera angle rotated literally 180 degrees, and it took me thirty seconds to figure out how to cross an otherwise insignificant bridge because he kept turning around halfway. There are controller instructions that make zero sense for a mouse and keyboard (I'm still trying to figure out where ""X"" and ""B"" are.) Perhaps most obnoxiously, whoever did game-camera direction seemed to think they were making a major motion picture instead of a game, because a lot of the angles serve literally no purpose other than trying to make you look cool. (While dying, evidently.)And let's not forget the on-again-off-again problems with the scripted AI. There are many occasions in which a plot-essential event won't occur because a character has stopped in the middle of the floor, instead of completing their scripted action. The game's save mechanism is pretty much identical to Price of Persia's, except I'm not aware of any cue that appears when I get to a checkpoint. (If you've played ""Ghostbusters"" by Terminal Reality, think of that system.) So, when one of these disasters occurs, which might relate to something as tangential as your screen resolution, you have to reset to the last checkpoint and do everything again. Additionally, it's worth noting that the cut scenes cannot be skipped with the keyboard, to my knowledge.Serkis deserves better than this.It takes a lot to make me recommend a console over PC, but in this case, it is your better bet. I recommend at least having a controller around, and I do not recommend picking it up for the list price of $20.00; this product is unfinished. Wait to get it on sale, or grab the older version for Playstation. I have little faith that the releaser is making any further updates to the port."
76561198153619009,Not Recommended,245280,12976959,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,swm1955,"I downloaded this game, and started having problems right away.My internet explorer hasn't worked since!  Other problems as well.   Does it have a virus in it? I don't know but it seems to be so. I uninstalled it ASAP but too late damage has been done! I am very unimpressed!Oh yes game would not run at all. I found all my other problems after the game wouldn't run.   Scott."
76561197963279498,Not Recommended,245280,13011069,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Mike la,"Terrible. Just plain terrible.I'm glad it was on sale for 5 dollars. I actually regret spending 5 dollars on this game and I'm used to making bad financial decisions. Hell no I do not recommend this game, unless you want horrible fixed camera angles and controls."
76561197969628949,Not Recommended,245280,13217435,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ImAGodDmnDragn,"An action/adventure game with fairly dull gameplay and a story that ends weak.Pros:- Very nice graphics, pretty environments, vivid post-apocalyptic setting- Story keeps you interested, at least in the beginning- Strange, but good flavor, evokes a certain amount of feeling which kept me going- Somewhat interesting charactersCons:- Combat is dull and uninspired, it tried to be Batman, but without any skill needed for combos.  You basically mash buttons until your enemy dies.- The story made me want to keep playing, but towards the ending it becomes a bit predictable.- Upgrades don't have much variety, if you don't pick the combat and health ones, you're doing it wrong- Very little character growth throughout the story, there's a supposed love developing between the characters but there's never any payoffIn depth:I actually started out liking this game, but as I played it began to wear on me.I am not a fan of story driven games that makes you explore to find power-ups, it not only slows things down, but it also kills any sense of immersion that was developing.  Exciting things were happening in game, and I was constantly behind them because I was still looking for power-ups.  A player should be encouraged to role-play while they game, not to climb every ♥♥♥♥ing cliff to find a glowy sphere.  If you need to put that♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game, have a section of the game where the action stops, and the player is encouraged to explore an area for an in-game reason.  Most of the time I can forgive this type of thing, however, this game had a ridiculous amount of spheres that could be easily seen and climbed to as you progressed.  As the game went on, I found myself annoyed because I was climbing some wall to get a sphere while my companion was yelling for help or taking cover even though she was in no real danger.Another thing that bothered me was the character arcs.  The relationship between the protagonist and his captor did not really go anywhere (at least not on screen).  You get the sense that they cared for each other, but nothing ever really came of it.I will say, however, there were some very good looking scenery pieces that made me stop and admire.  The setting, landscapes, and feel of the post-apocalyptic wasteland is probably the best feature of this game.Overall, there are better action/adventure games than this one.  I would stay clear of this one unless it's on-sale for really cheap.  But even then, I didn't finish the game with a satisfied feeling.  I could have overlooked the sub-par gameplay if the story elements had played out better.  I understand why the game never got any sequels."
76561198080572215,Not Recommended,245280,12989236,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Adrnlne,"Enslaved : Odyssey to the West has an amazing storyline with a beautifull background-Our heros actions take part on a pos-apocalyptic world, just like Fallout but, showing us the opposite of a wasteland. A beautifull world taken over by nature.Sadly the pc port to this game was awfully done, and is one of the reasons I wouldnt recommend this game for the pc. Plus, if you are playing with K&M forget about it.. Seems like they didnt even bother showing the controls, and just showcase the combos for the PC version, with Xbox360 buttons.Plus you'll waste more hours trying to jump around a corner than you will playing the game. I couldnt even get past chapter 4 till i got tired of trying to get around that corner (having already encountered 2 game breaking gliches and another corner i caught before spending 10 min to pass it.)Story 8.5/10Graphics 8/10Gameplay 4/10Port 1/10"
76561197977837907,Not Recommended,245280,12997212,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bahriel,"Story seems cool, well written and captivating.however, it  is not by any stretch enough to make up for shodddy and clunky controls, as well as poorly controllable camera with emphasis on cool views over combat usefullness.I would deem this title not fit for use, at least on PC"
76561198059155231,Not Recommended,245280,13175679,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,BTongx,Pros:Nice graphicsCons:Terrible physics.Fighting mechs is way too tedious.Storyline is linear. There is not much variation.Camera angle is TERRIBLE!!! It messes things up badly.Conclusion: Not recommended.
76561198007197608,Recommended,245280,22073798,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"A fantastic and criminally underrated gem that deserves a spot in the collection of every adventure game fan. The combat is fun and varied, figuring out how to get from place to place poses a challenge, but isn’t frustrating, and the storyline is surprisingly deep, if not all that original.If you enjoyed played games like Mario 64 or Banjo-Kazooie as a kid Enslaved will feel familiar but also fresh and unique. Doesn’t hurt that Tripp is hot as hell!"
,Recommended,245280,13630954,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Moriarty,One of the best games I've ever played
76561198001159143,Recommended,245280,25527711,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,rafal.komar,"Great, but short game."
76561198087174877,Recommended,245280,25442571,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,zauerli,"★★★★☆""ENSLAVED™: Odyssey to the West™"" is a very entertaining action-adventure if you don't expect anything too deep. I can also recommend playing through the included DLC ""Pigsy's Perfect 10"". It's great as well. The PC port is also very well done. I hoped to have this experience on the PS3 version which sucked bad in comparison.“Niemand ist mehr Sklave, als der sich für frei hält, ohne es zu sein.None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.”― Johann Wolfgang von Goethe★★★★☆"
,Recommended,245280,25577155,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Scrubsauce,"Journey to the West is one of those folktales I've always meant to get around to, specially being a fan of Dragon Ball and having seen the founding members of Gorillaz work on music and art for a stage show version of the fable.  I remember ENSLAVED being hyped up and on shelves back during the early days of the 360/PS3 era, but having no consoles of my own at that stage in the game, I never got around to playing this one.Fast forward a few years and BAM, the whole game plus all the DLC in one package on Steam for a good sale price, I could finally see what the deal was.  The cast is at least semi-star studded, with the whole thing being the brainchild of Andy Serkis (Gollum, Snoke, Caesar, like a ton of other roles in sci-fi and fantasy movies you might have seen) and Ninja Theory (Heavenly Sword).  The sidekick is voiced by Lindsey Shaw, who played Moze in Ned's Declassified on Nick back a few years ago.  So the game at least has star appeal if you're a fan of their past performances.The game apparently had poor sales, and while plans were laid out for expanding with sequels, etc., the whole initiative was scrapped because money.  After having given the game the attention needed to see it through to the end, I'm kind of bummed I won't see anymore of this world the developers and Andy built together.  Enslaved takes place in a post-apocalyptic America (the fallout of some sort of robot revolution...maybe?), and the majority of its competition in the late 00's, is really, really vibrant and full of color throughout its various locales.  From the rocky cliffs, deserts, and crumbling New York City, everything is just so vivid.  This is a future that mother nature is in the process of successfully reclaiming.I think part of Enslaved's problem is that it marketed itself as a third person combat/platformer, but in practice, the combat is not a major highlight or feature of the game (but still manages to look cool, albeit repetitive in some spurts).  Enemy types are changed up with different combinations of foes with varying weak points coming at you in different situations, forcing you to adapt your combat tactics as some sort of puzzle mechanic.  The platforming especially is not the free-world climbing of Assassin's Creed, nor is it the anything-goes hopping-to-your-doom of 90's platformers like Mario 64.  You have to try really hard to find a way to die in the climbing sections of the game, as many times it keeps you from making a suicide leap.  Instead, the puzzle nature comes out in full force, and you as the player are looking for the correct way to navigate the space Monkey is in, while still collecting ammo, power ups, collectibles, etc.  If the game had been marketed more as a puzzle of ""where do I jump to next?"" then maybe early reviewers in the 00's would have known what they were getting into instead of being disappointed by the (at first) seemingly restrictive controls.The area where Enslaved really shines is the cut scenes and character interactions.  Performances were motion captured, and these nearly decade old characters do a better job at emoting than many AAA NPC's I've seen even in 2016 titles.  There is so much chemistry, subtlety and character interaction going on just in the main trio's body language alone, and these are elements of human communication that games tend to leave on the cutting room floor in favor of more polished gameplay.  That's fine in practice, but it was just so refreshing to see, and the uncanny valley never even became an issue!I mentioned this package includes the console DLC, you also get access to a several hour long campaign starring a different character, with totally different movement and combat mechanics.  This is a nice way to fill in some of the gaps for this character's backstory and habits, and a refreshing change of pace from Monkey's acrobatics and staff abilities.  Plus, hey, extra story content for free!Enslaved is just such a curiosity of its time, and even then only console cycle into the past.  I'm disappointed the plans to take the franchise further didn't pan out, but I still think this game is worth diving into for the things it tried to be different at.  It may not have succeeded on all fronts, but when it does get it right, it really shines through, and you can tell the people behind it put everything they had into making something unique."
76561198026153231,Recommended,245280,25626540,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Commander Artanis,"Nice little adventure game with a well acted story. Mostly plattforming, minor puzzles and a mix between distance and melee combat situations. The graphics of this game are still decent enough to look at and the overall world is good designed. One of the three main characters did go on my nerves but notheless a funny game. It`s probably just not worth 20 bucks. Therefore it`s too short. It can easily be played through within 6-8 hours. But when it`s on sale I suggest you can grab this game."
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,245280,9483275,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ToxicKookie,"I've put 4 hours into it, and that's about all I can stand.  For starters, it's repetitive and boring.  The game consists solely of bad platforming and horrendously easy combat.  The combat is incredibly easy and basic.  The platforming is equally as boring.  It basically consists of pointing at the shiny spot and pressing jump.  The story, from what I've seen, is a poor excuse to tolerate the remedial gameplay the game throws at you over and over.The two main characters are a selfish ♥♥♥♥♥ and a huge guy the aforementioned ♥♥♥♥♥ bent to her will under penalty of death.It looks ``àlright`` for a console port, but from what I`ve seen this game does nothing well.  Maybe the story picks up after a while, but I`ll never know, `cause I refuse to play any more of this."
,Not Recommended,245280,24560904,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Zakov,"Without going into spoilers, the game's story is unfulfilling and leaves you with too many questions. Sure, it doesn't broadcast needless information to you every five seconds, but you'll be left feeling empty once all is said and done, and I can't recommend a game that can't even give its player closure. It's rushed and not worth the ~20 dollars for its 6-8 hour experience, longer if you go out of your way to collect things, but there's no point in even doing that. You don't unlock anything extra, unless you count headaches.It's not a bad game by any means, but you could easily spend its asking price on much better and longer experiences. 6/10"
,Recommended,245280,13168528,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,DERPNESS,"Well paced, fun to play and (with some ini tweaking) beautiful to boot. Really a great game and sadly overlooked gem."
,Recommended,245280,28437870,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Dwarf,"fun, exciting"
76561198058333734,Recommended,245280,12913936,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Epicsquall,Is good.
76561198071115255,Recommended,245280,18993739,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,HofG,"Cool game, but some problems with changing the control set-up. Can't change other controls than light/heavy attack to the mouse. Otherwise it's a great game."
,Recommended,245280,33328864,Posted: 6 July,all,Vermiliondrug // Shalaan (◕‿◕✿),"Enslave: Odyssey to the West is a typical puzzle and hack-n-slash game, which has interesting characters and an alright story.Based on the chinese mythology about Sun Wukong, the games takes inspiration of the characters from its sources but doesn't take much else. The main character and the one the player controls, Monkey, has some obvious similarities to Son Wukong and.. well, a monkey.The story takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where everything has been destroyed by war and now mech from that war roams the ruins while people struggle to survive in the wasteland. Slaveships run by ""Pyramid"" occationally picks up and kills any survivors they find, eventually also picked up Monkey and a girl named Trip, whom later on installs a slave-headband on Monkey to force him to help her get back home. As you progress through the game, they develop a strong friendship and help each other out during their journey.If you're familiar with games such as Devil May Cry and Darksiders, you will not have problems getting into the combat, however, the combat can be quite simplified and maybe a little too much of the same for some people. Either way, it is easy to get the hand of and if you play with a controller, it is even easier. (I played with mouse and keyboard and I found the controls to be a bit funky, but it was still doable).My biggest issue with the game is the pacing of the story. I spent 9½ hours playing this game, whereas maybe an hour or so is due to AFKing while having the game up, When I saw there was 14 chapters I thought the game would be much longer, but it felt like the game took its sweet time to get further into the story and once you actually finished the last chapter, it feels like they threw a lot of story into your face that explained some, but not all, of the ""issues"" in the world and whatnot. I felt it was a bit anticlimatic and not very satisfying, but then again, it also felt like they wanted to end the game sudden so that they could hype up for a sequel, which will probably never ever happen due to low sales when the game came out the first time.Otherwise I would recommend the game for anyone who enjoys this type of game and for the sake of the characters, who are really lovable!"
,Recommended,245280,34249080,Posted: 14 August,all,Requiemangel,"What a hidden jem, Ninja Theory made this, and it was so over looked.  Thank you NT!"
,Recommended,245280,14094929,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[UM] Frungi,"Based on what I had heard, I went into this game expecting to play an action-adventure movie. I was not disappointed.The combat, though enjoyable, can get repetitive; the platforming is on autopilot (you literallycannotjump to your death); and the levels are very linear, with some small side paths to find extra collectibles. The focus is on the story, and it’s a good one. Voice acting is top-notch throughout, and in cutscenes you can clearly see the emotion in the characters’ faces.When Iwrote aboutTomb Raider, I complained about how much of it felt like I was just watching a movie, but that was in part because my expectations were totally off. WithEnslaved, I had a better idea of what to expect, and its story and overall execution were far superior. I really don’t want to talk details about the story, so I’ll just say it’s about two strangers brought together in a post-apocalyptic setting, trying to get home.If you like story-driven and emotive games, and you don’t mind brawler combat against robots, you should playEnslaved. If you can’t stand pressing buttons to smash robots to pieces, you should at least watch a playthrough."
76561198048319972,Recommended,245280,34723258,Posted: 3 September,all,ikillutwice,"So far I have enjoyed this game. The camera can be a pain since it changes angels on you.I have seen other reviews complaining about the cut scenes. You can skip these with ""back"" on the xbox controller."
76561198031532877,Recommended,245280,12031757,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Kaixes,Short and fun.  Combat is simple and effective.  Feels like there's a lot of handholding throughout all the platforming sequences. Game takes MANY liberties with the story it's based off of.  Buy it for $10 or less and you have a worthy purchase.
76561198043745011,Recommended,245280,12061066,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Captain Skipper Peaches,"9/10Truly enjoyed this game, very immersive, lush landscapes and a unique story.I would definately recomend this to anybody who enjoys sci-fi, hack and slash games with a very immersive environment."
76561197985969206,Recommended,245280,12073870,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Krence,I first played this game on my ps3. I loved the story and the setting so much. Not only that the gameplay is awesome. When I saw it on steam I had to buy it again! That is how much I loved this game! Sleeper hit!
76561198236865180,Recommended,245280,25847115,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Beedog1221,"this game is REALLY good. i can't believe i missed on this. if you catch it on sale, absolutely pick it up"
76561198060518343,Recommended,245280,12951292,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Supa-Troopa,A journey worth taking.
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,245280,17050412,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Surprisingly entertaining title, especially if you get it during a sale. Simple, fast paced, gripping, funny characters.However, it suffers from the controls which are not so well ported to PC, and the graphics that are somewhat sub-par for 2015. But despite those niggles and some issues with configuring the graphics settings in the .ini file, it's still a game you might want to try if you get it on sale.Can't really recommend it, though. The PC port feels as if done by a drunken intern hating his job. Plenty of bugs, such as when you're chased by a robo dog and supposed to run through a pipe through which the (giant) dog can't follow... but it simply does?Also, single-Checkpoint games are a legacy idiocy from console games 20 years ago. Today, it's just nonsense - and for games that are such buggy ports that the single save is easily broken, lost, or destroyed... It basically means - don't waste your time, you may have to redo the whole game at any point in time. Just lost all stuff I bought with tech orbs. Simply gone after restarting the game. No older save available.Crap."
,Not Recommended,245280,17992365,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,chopper [FD],"A medicre 5/10. Not worth it if you already have other games waiting in the pipeline.The game is extrmely linear, on rails and everything is repetitive, from combat to acrobatics.  Controls are acceptable, but not tuned for K+M.Still playable at 60fps, but has very dated graphics. Textures are in particular very very low rez.The story/characters are the only redeeming features of the game, although fairly cliche and predictable . Game can be beaten in about 9-10 hours."
76561198058350103,Not Recommended,245280,18018748,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,mad_druid,worst combat system I have ever encounteredeverything else has been said by others♥♥♥♥ this game's camera 100 times
,Recommended,245280,17998130,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,⎛⎝SaltySatan⎠⎞,"Rage quitted after that helpless b**ch fell out of the map as I was climbing a ladder.10/10, best port ever.Yea, but seriously it's a good game :PWill probably update this after I finish the game.And WHY does she keep calling him ""Monkey""?! WTF?! Seriously!Give him another f**king name!! that's f**king offensive!"
76561198052874618,Recommended,245280,35313217,Posted: 29 September,all,spudling16,The story Dragonball Z should have been
76561197999957581,Recommended,245280,21163670,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Hcorg,"Beautiful, innovative game, with good enough story. Only default PC keyboard controls could be better..."
,Not Recommended,245280,14133657,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Schloopie Shipoopi,"SUMMARYI don't recommend this game because it’s not fully optimized for PC.A gamepad/controller is the way to go.Some rigs (even ones that are competent) may have trouble with stuttering and/or freezing cutscenes. This issue is onlytemporarilyfixed by restarting game client or your computer.**I looked up the cutscene issue and it seems only a handful of people encounter this problem, although I still think it’s an issue worth pointing out.Otherwise, if you’re specifically looking for a lighthearted adventure title that emphasizes on the narrative, good character development and gameplay doesn’t have to be great to keep your interest then I would recommend Enslaved.DETAILSThe game itself, on the other hand, is a ""so close yet so far"" sort of deal. I can see some true potential in this game, but for the most part, it’s an average experience. Overall, the presentation is great, but the gameplay is “meh”.Pros:The graphics and aesthetics are beautiful and are conceptually strong in design.Some beautiful and catchy tunes in this soundtrack to set the mood.Characters have a cartoon-like charm (i.e. light-hearted tone, humor and concept design choices).Close attention to behavior and great voice-acting. For example, the subtle gestures make the characters feel more believable.There is attachment and interest invested in the characters, their interactions and development.The interdependence mechanic between Monkey and Trip is a great concept and well reflects the story.Cons:Gameplay isn't particularly challenging in any way (including combat). You won’t find yourself dying unless you do something derpy… like surfing into a mine (oops).You will always know specifically what to do and where to go because the game always tells you (via character Trip and highlighted/straightforward climbing objects).The camera view may get somewhat annoying, as it may move around to highlight cool moves/angles rather than allowing you to view your surroundings.Neutrals, both, or depends on preference:The mystery of the story keeps you engaged, although the ending is... questionable—I’m still not sure what to make of it.The gameplay consists of hack ‘n slash and platformer elements. Neither of these aspects is done considerably well or bad, but it does get repetitive. Unlocking abilities and performance upgrades are what kept my interest in order to try out new things.I think it's worth mentioning that it's a completely linear title."
,Recommended,245280,13824709,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,skeeter boy,Sun Wukong goes on an adventure beating the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of robots in the process.
,Not Recommended,245280,12962899,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,PSOCecil,Ninja Theory deliberately removed the Windowed command from the version of UE3 they used in this. Game crashes when alt+tab'ing so I can do other things with my computer.
76561198043792073,Not Recommended,245280,11410103,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ivgin,I cannot believe someone has the nerve to release a game so buggy AND then ask money for it. Spend your gold elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,245280,23902280,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,௵,"First sheescapes on her own, refusing to help him, then on the ground she suddenly needs his help, ""I'd never make it on my own"", ENSLAVES™ him, starting the Odyssey to the West™. And he's just fine with all thisafter thinking for a few seconds.Horrible camera action on the first level, sometimes changing the view while fighting so it would be more fun to figure out what's going on apparently.Default graphics settings look like shadows have no filtering at all and default maximum resolution is 1920x1200 so ini tweaking is recommended.Well, at least it was only 4,99 €.Just started chapter 2 but hopes aren't very high that either the story or camera work will improve much."
76561198082710540,Not Recommended,245280,11377416,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,DakTannon,"Do NOT waste your time or money story is hollow and short combat is very repetetive and too simple to add tactics or stratagy to, and enemies are VERY dumb the only way they get stronger as the game progresses is by gaining sheilds that you must break with specific (slower) moves before you can injure them giving them oportunities for cheap shots, and the ending is garbage it is like they ran out of money or time and had somebody who knew nothing about the game write it in five minute"
,Not Recommended,245280,10995441,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Vehmeriino,"Enslaved is a mostly overlooked game by the developer Ninja Theory, the same guys who later went on to make the controversial reimagining of the Devil May Cry franchice ""DmC"".It takes its inspiration from a classic Chinese novel, but places it in a post apocalyptic American setting. The premise is certainly intriguing, but the game is in my opinion held back by its weird gameplay decisions and annoying AI characters.The gameplay is a mix between Gears of War style cover based shooting and Prince of Persia style platforming sections. It also has some melee combat for good measure. Enslaved pretty much mixes and matches different elements from different inspirations, but these elements really lack dept. Combat boils down to tapping a few different attack buttons and rolling away, while the platforming sections work with a context sensitive ""platforming"" button. You can complete pretty much 90% of all the platforming by just pressing up on the analog stick and mashing the platforming button. Probably the most refined thing is the cover based shooter mechanic, but it is also the one that feels the most out of place for this type of game.The game is also totally relient on your AI partner characters, and the experience is very much on rails. You always have a partner character yelling instructions at you. This really makes the game feel like you are just a dumb monkey following instructions rather than figuring out stuff for yourself, which is ironic, because in the story you actually are ENSLAVED (get it!?!) by another person and have to follow his orders.A lot of the game areas are decayed versions of actual American landmarks, and that might be memorable if you are American and patriotic or just generally like cool looking video game levels, but I kind of just breezed through all that not giving it much thought. The visuals of the game are very good and especially the character animations during combat look impactful. It looks like a decent PS3/XB360 era game. I had some minor problems with the shadows, but they might have been caused by some graphics card driver incompatibility rather than the game itself.In the end I would probably not recommend Enslaved. It's an interesting game, but more so in a bad way. It has some bizzare gameplay elements that really don't work together and the AI character nagging and the blatant linearity of the game is annoying in an interesting fashion. If you really want to see Prince of Persia and Gears of War come together in an interesting game setting you might want to give this a shot, but the probability of anyone wanting that is quite low."
76561197984369484,Not Recommended,245280,19805801,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Cinn,"Looks good.  Can't play because I have a birth injury that requires I remap the keys, and key mapping is completely and utterly broken.  Can't map some commands/keys, and even if you do the game randomly forgets all your mappings every now and then.Tried to get my money back, but Steam said no because I didn't try playing it within 2 weeks of purchase."
,Recommended,245280,23802139,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bitaria,HELP!!! the courtyard scene with the jugernaut keeps glitching and the wall isnt breaking.
,Not Recommended,245280,28943025,Posted: 2 January,all,02.10.17 -> 02.1.18,"Mix of uncharted/The last of us and typical hack and slash. I'm near the end and have been playing it all the way through on hard. While combat is a challange and I have died and cursed a lot, The game is pretty easy. The parkour is just tap A while holding the L stick in a certain direction.The story is not original but isn't as badly executed as it could have been. But it is predictable and the characters aren't interesting. As consequence I don't feel invested in these characters at all. This game has nothing innovative about it at all. Furthermore the relationship between the two main protagonists feels artificial.The setting is similar to Borderlands. Post apocalyptic scifi.However, the game is split up between melee, shooting and parkour. So after an intense battle, the game gives you a break. Combat is the typical wave after wave enemies. You can upgrade your ablities via your companion. Orbs are scattered around the level and dropped by enemies for you to collect and use to level up. Melee combat is just block, dodge and attack. You have a couple of combos and a special attack at your disposal. You can shoot projectiles that stun and damage.It's a console port so the graphics are subpar.The music is unmemorable.I don't like to just bash things but this game is unremarkable and just bland."
76561198003688557,Recommended,245280,10909738,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Silverdoxxx,9/10 Will bang.
,Not Recommended,245280,10774865,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Patches,"The game has promise... It's pretty and the mechanics are solid. Sadly, the game has some glaring problems that leave a sour taste in my mouth. The game is quick to kill the player, which isn't bad in of itself, but the game also has unskippable cutscenes/cinematics."
,Not Recommended,245280,18080520,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,JohnXuandou,"This game is absolutely awful. First of all the PC port is a travesty. Weird shadows all over the place, improper lighting, incredibly ridiculous framerate and performance hiccups whenever the game needs to load a new area, and a complete lack of any sort of control over the settings. Frustrating on every level.As for the gameplay, oh boy. First of all it's a 3D combat game with no lock on mechanic. That's already a mistake. Attacks will connect most of the time, but when they don't it's the most frustrating thing ever. On top of this, the combat is incredibly simplistic, which wouldn't be that big of a deal had they at least put an effort into it. I had to look this up since I played this game for less than an hour, but it's a good thing I did because I never intend to come back to this game. Your fighting ability from the start of the game basically doesn't change throughout the entire game. Okay fine, if there's enough meat that could work out, right? Well if there was enough substance to the combat sure, but there isn't. You have two attack buttons, light and heavy, and you have one combo string and two heavy attacks, one for when you do a heavy attack by itself and one for when you do a heavy attack in a combo. Then you have a charge focus attack that can break the enemy guard and a wide attack that knocks enemies close to you away. That's IT. For the entire game this is what you have to work with. Later on you get a perfect guard attack and a perfect roll evade attack, but those are based on the opponent attacking you and not your options to attack your opponent.Now let me explain why this sucks. Besides the combat not having any depth to it, there's no variety to it either. You look at the same attack string over and over and over again with no way to even remotely make things more interesting. Your enemies will block, sometimes I guess, but there's no reason you shouldn't just keep wailing on the light attack button and rolling when someone swings at you. The heavy attack button has no purpose but to do a little extra damage and MAYBE make fights go by faster, but other than that serves no purpose. Also, that focus charge attack that breaks guard? To do that attack you have to hold down the light attack button for about 2 or 3 seconds, then let it go. WHY? What is the purpose of that decision? At the VERY least you could have moved it to the heavy attack button to make that button worth SOMETHING, but as is, it's not a very good use of control mapping. AND it's a terrible move anyways. You have to charge it up for 2 or 3 seconds, leaving you COMPLETELY vulnerable to enemy attack in the mean time. If there are two or more enemies you need to take out, you are NOT charging this attack because you will get hit out of it constantly and you're better off just mashing the light attack button. If there was a LOCK ON MECHANIC like there is in literally every good 3D combat game ever made since Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time made in god damn November of 1998, they could have done something like while being locked onto the enemy you press forward on the control stick and the heavy attack to guard break. Or if you want to make it something people won't do accidentally, while locked on and AWAY from the enemy, which you can do because with lock on you can move away from the enemy WHILE STILL FACING THEM. What a stupid control scheme this is.The main gameplay outside of combat is Assassin's Creed/Uncharted style parkour climbing platforming. Now here's why THAT sucks. Objects that you can climb on flash bright white so you know they are climbable. This ruins any chance at the player having to maybe explore their surroundings and figuring out how to get through an area. Besides that, jumping is done with the same button that is used for rolling in combat. How does the game differentiate between rolling and jumping? Simple, you CANNOT jump unless you are at the edge of a platform, which means that you cannot fall off platforms, which means there is literally no chance of failing to platform, because game overs are a failure of the game designer.  In fact, you cannot fall off of ANYTHING that would kill you, pipes, ladders, suspended beams, there's no threat or involvement with any of this platforming, you literally just wiggle the control stick around and mash the A button until you get to the end of the platforming segment. It's dull, repetitive, and uninvolved. You could accomplish this by just having a zipline or something to take the player to the end of the platform segment, but instead they decide to pad out the length of the game with this impossible to fail uninspired platforming. Trust me, it WILL get tedious to you after about 20 minutes once you realize what is going on.Lastly we get into the story, which is probably the biggest let down of this entire product. The story starts off in what you can quickly deduce is a slave ship hauling people from place to place when all of a sudden one of the prisoners manages to escape and sets the ship up to malfunction and crash. This is the introduction to your ""hero"" who is aptly named simply ""Monkey"", since this is a Journey to the West reimagining. Your hero starts off the story yelling and cursing at everyone and generally just being completely unlikable. I have a hard time caring about or relating to this character when he seems to be incapable of a normal conversation. I don't know why anyone would be invested in the future of this character when he's such an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all of the time. So anyways, Monkey then climbs from the bowels of the ship to the escape pods, where he runs into the prisoner who managed to escape, a tech savvy girl named Trip, who rightly so tries to abandon him after their previous 2 interactions with each other where Monkey was screaming at her and generally looking like he was going to kill her. Monkey manages to hang on to her escape pod though and they both escape from the slave ship right before it crashes. And here's the part where Monkey needs to be coerced with the threat of death to help out another human in need. Trip ends up putting a slave headband on Monkey because he was too violent and belligerent to help without it. This sets up the premise that anything Trip commands, Monkey must obey or he will die. Additionally, if Trip's heartbeat stops, Monkey will die. So not only is the characterization of Monkey becoming abundantly clear, but now the game has turned into an escort mission FOR THE REST OF THE GAME and I don't care how you feel about escort missions, an entire game that is one long escort mission is just abysmal. They try to fill the story gaps with small moments that are supposed to be funny, but almost all of them boil down to Monkey is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and Trip is a nice girl.And that's where I couldn't put up with this game anymore. I wasn't going to put up with this incredibly unlikable main hero who I had no investment in, I wasn't going to put up with these horribly simplistic borderline impossible to fail gameplay mechanics, and I wasn't going to put up with the horrible PC port issues and performance problems. You know what the biggest travesty of all is? The game is actually visually incredibly beautiful despite the age. Some of the areas are really stunning and are quite the marvel to look at. The art direction of the game is just so fantastic, it's such a shame that it's wasted on this horrible tripe. Do not recommend, stay away from this game, if you get this game for free, punch whoever gave it to you."
76561198114721347,Not Recommended,245280,32169895,Posted: 4 June,all,oniazuka,"Buggy as hell. Bad PC port. Despite the issues, I would still have continued to play the game if only it lets me. Insted, I am now stuck in one of the level, and have given up up trying."
,Not Recommended,245280,10992055,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Neil Breen,"In this game you play as Mel Gibson on a journey through a destroyed New York with your mom. The ""About the Game gives a okay description of the story execpt for the part about the complex relationship and uneasy partnership. The female character is pretty much in the game as a love interst(shocking right?!), but not much else.The player controled character is named Monkey since he does all of the automatic climbing in Enslaved. When the game starts you think Trip might be incharge though you soon discover that this game will be like most others where you the male are the boss. If you haven't guessed by the oringinal names the two main characters of Enslaved don't have much going on in the personallity department. I can agree with some of the reviews who say the color palet in this game is  colorful, but the boring enviroments in Enslaved overshadow any pretty paint. The combat in this game is bad, and add to that the one dimesnsional chatacter(yes this isn't me leaving out an s) you get a game that is a real misery to play. Now lets get to some of the annoying mechanics of this game. First is the constant orders from Trip after you are already doing what is require to progress. In additon Monkey can only jump off platforms on occasion, and only from very specific spot, so if you make a mistake you usually have to take the long way around instead of being able to jump back down. I also find it pretty nice how you will be running or walking and get stuck on an invisible objects in a wide clear path. Some may think this review a troll, or that I'm being overly critical of a $19.99 game, but what the people who think that would be forgetting is that this game was originally sold on consoles for $59.99. Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,245280,12395697,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Pixelated Zen,"I can't speak for this game on consoles, but on PC it is a buggy mess. Which is a shame, because the underlying gameplay and story, especially the character interaction, are truly enjoyable. But most of the cutscenes either freeze or the voices get out of synch with the video, and often the game will stutter and slow to a near crawl regardless of settings. It's a shame because I really want to play this game, but after around 4 hours I just can't bring myself to go back."
76561198039440160,Not Recommended,245280,12918891,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,pvoelk,this game doesn't allow for key remaping it forgets its setting.  to buggy
76561198086982633,Recommended,245280,24014533,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,johannes_mirror,A hidden gem in the world of gaming!!!
,Recommended,245280,34164387,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
76561197968042718,Not Recommended,245280,15211103,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Patrick,DONT BOTHER WITH THIS RUBBISH. Crashes when I try to bring up options menu and the little bit I have played gives the impression the character is actually a hamster scurring around looking for food. A console game gone wrong.
76561197993416119,Not Recommended,245280,12436287,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,RCypher,"Freezes all the bloody time. Visually it's cool, and the story is intriguing. However the stuttering and freezing makes it frustratiing to play. It's a terrible, terrible port."
,Not Recommended,245280,13777963,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Geeky,Attrocious porting job and game breaking glitches make this game unplayable despite the interesting setting. Even ignoring those issues the actual gameplay is meh at best. If they could only make the game as good as the story and setting it would have been amazing. As it is save yourself the money.
,Not Recommended,245280,23003428,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,choco9er,Well it's a very pretty game. The visuals are nice and the idea behind the world is nice. The gameplay just isn't there though. Not willing to grind through all the pretty landscapes for the sake of artwork
76561198032895043,Not Recommended,245280,13631427,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,redstar33309,"I really wanted to give this game a thumbs up but the port is horrible. The storyline is wonderful. The game is candy for the eye. It is rich in color. That is about it. I am not a fan of the interaction. At one point, the game crashes on me trying to get up the stairs. I shouldn't have to manage the camera angles while jumping around. It is very very repetitive in nature."
76561197968564917,Not Recommended,245280,15615865,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,~Morality or carrots~,"Key word: Frustrating.I tried so hard to like this game. I really did. However, I've never come across a port which makes a game so frustratingly unplayable.At first it had everything I'd normally love in a game - Breaktaking visuals, a gripping plot from the beginning and a feeling of freedom and fluidity in the movement and combat which is great (despite linear pathing and encounters). Also some of the best voice acting I've come across from a game in a while. The thing that lets it down is the actual 'game' part of it.As many people here have mentioned, this is a port from the xbox. After half an hour of playing around with the mouse sensitivity controls, I accepted that it didn't have a setting which made it usable. A slight twitch and you're aiming the other side of the area, but somehow the mechs still run faster than your deaccelerated aim mode, making the turret sections frustratingly difficult. Further than this, the camera controls have a life of their own and you'll be fighting for control the entire time while being ripped apart by the enemies. Combine this with long checkpoint respawns and having to run around to the ends of the map every time to collect the tech orbs for an ultimate grind.On top of this the port has a number of unpatched bugs, which left me stranded on a pole on the side of the building, unable to jump around a corner no matter what I try or how many times I reloaded (still not sure how I made it past after 30 minutes). The developers didn't even update the control guidelines for the PC, so every time I learned I new move, I had to minimise the game to google the equivilent PC controls.Conclusion:Seems like it could be a great game on the xbox. However, worst port of any game I've ever come across onto PC, making the game unplayable, frustrating and hindered by gamebreaking bugs. DO NOT buy for PC."
,Not Recommended,245280,16043224,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Gui.,nope
76561198047652849,Not Recommended,245280,16246698,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,*****play,"weird camera. No clue, what to do. Wiped from disk"
76561197964044195,Not Recommended,245280,21078431,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Ykäsonni,Frame locked @ 30 fps and the controls with both ps3 controller and keyboard + mouse felt very unresponsive. Had to refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,245280,26134641,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,That Welsh Guy In A Pipe,Bought this game on sale thought it was great at first then on the second oncounter witha demo mech before you get to the metal tower there is wal which the mech glitches through and if you defeat him you still cant pass. Maybe doesnt work because of my low specm system but this is stupid. Dont buy
,Recommended,245280,24030569,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gunny,"A very fun game, has its frustrating moments some times in some of the boss fights and chase sequences. But overall, a solid adventure and cool story and characters!"
76561197970566982,Not Recommended,245280,16497063,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mogs,"Starts out strongly, decent character work & spectacle...but sadly gets boring after a few chapters.Doesn't help that The Last of Us did a lot of what's on offer here, just better."
,Not Recommended,245280,11093668,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,AAHvocado,"This is a lovely looking game with great character design and animations. The backdrops and scenery are wonderful and breathtaking. Unfortunately, the gameplay is nothing special nor is the story. You are shuffled along a plot that does not make very much sense and eventually doesn't even pay off."
,Not Recommended,245280,12924849,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Ottoman,"I played this game for a brief period of time. I only bought it cause it was on sale for $5. The story line is good, the graphics are good. It is a direct port from the consol to the pc. As a reult of that, The camera angles are wonky, and so are the controls. It is difficlt to rotate the camera when needed. This game is best suited for a controller and not a keyboard and mouse.If you are going to do a port, make it good."
76561198135114276,Not Recommended,245280,11774469,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,VikingVanny7,"I love this game, I really really do. It is an amazing science fiction romp with great graphics, acting, music and a fantastic plot. Unforntunately, what kills it for me is the fact when climbing with Monkey, you get stuck a LOT on the ""corner pipes"", not being able to simply jump to the next pipe within reach right on the other side of the bend. This has happened to me countless times. Yes, after several playthroughs, sitting through cutscenes, battling multiple enemies, and other monotany and to get stuck and having to restart multiple times until the glitch lets up and finally lets you jump to the next pipe in order to progress, it gets extremely tedious. They should have fixed this issue a long time ago, and according to the forums, it happens to a LOT of people. Such a damn shame, because the game is so damn good besides this, but for this one simple glitch that could have been remedied, causing multiple restarts and sometimes nearly hours of setbacks rather than progessing because of a stupid jump to another pipe, I can't recommend it. FYI, I have tried getting past these points both with and without a controller, and it has made no difference for me, it will only jump when the game mysteriously ""allows"" it. I will change this review if it is ever fixed."
,Not Recommended,245280,10664897,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NotForHumanUse,"The game could have been fun. 20 minutes into the game however it feels that I'm not going to be playing this much more. The main reason for this are the enemies. It doenst feel fun to fight these enemies. Another downside is that there are just to many turrets in the 1st part of the game. OK if you put one in, but this has been offputting to me. It's not a bad game but if you buy it in 2014 it will bring just not enough fun."
,Not Recommended,245280,13243311,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Reat lvl99 White Mage,"Pros: It looks good, the world is beautiful, the characters are well voiced, starts off strongCons: It's buggy (as in, I had to restart from checkpoints multiple times), the character's stories are dull (the girl is little more than a damsel in distress and whines in your ear for several chapters), the combat is repetative and quickly becomes a slog-fest to get through, and the combat can be stupidly difficult when you get stuck  on invisible terrain or your attacks that clearly hit an enemy do not register or the camera decides to make you look at a wall while being attacked by three enemies, and there's almost no exploration on the map, it's extreamly linear for a platformer."
76561198006951050,Not Recommended,245280,12927354,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ibrown3003,"I've never been so annoyed by a game. It might be a great game, I've no idea. I can't play it. I use keyboard and mouse, and the game keeps resetting my key config to a bizarre setting where left-mouse button is supposedly doing everything, and so I can't fight. I have to quit to the main menu, redo my key config, then reload from last checkpoint. That wil work for 5 mins, then the controls will reset again. Seems to be an incredibly shoddy console port. Can't play it, so can't recommend it. If you want this, make sure you have a controller, and buy it on sale. If I'd paid full price for this I'd have been fuming."
,Not Recommended,245280,13016414,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Paca,This game is bad dont buy it
,Recommended,245280,11579066,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Triod,"Visually stunning, the level of detail is overwhelming, also with and intersting story and thrilling game play. Pretty good."
76561197970384883,Recommended,245280,10084363,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,FHDA,87%
,Recommended,245280,14439342,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,somini,"Sands of Time was a seminal game, and the developers though so too, since they just reskinned that game. That's not a bad thing, it's a great thing. Ninja Theory's contribution is that this time it's not a small scale thing inside the palace, they really travel very far. It also wraps it in a weird plot, very post-modern towards the end. The relationship between the main characters is well developed, and having world-class actors can't hurt. Beats that bad film with Jackie Chan and Jet Li..."
76561198092872065,Recommended,245280,25893112,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,jedihunter,fun game7/10
,Not Recommended,245280,12410279,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,SpaceButler,"I wan't to like this game, but it won't let me play it.  Keyboard doesn't  function at all for some reason.  I can't review something as good until this issue is sorted first."
,Recommended,245280,16647566,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Blank,"Nice plot, nice commands, nice boobs.It's a fun game do beat!"
76561198092802767,Recommended,245280,12922322,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dr Dave,Very fun
,Recommended,245280,34154355,Posted: 10 August,all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,245280,29861542,Posted: 11 February,all,XinGst,"8/10*Warning* I'm not Native English Speaker.Pros:- Very detailed graphics both characters and environment, especially mechs! mechs look really cool. (10/10)- Great animations (10/10) (especially face movement!)- Great cutscenes, especially Pigsy Perfect 10 (DLC) (10/10)- Great voiceacting (9/10)- Combat system are simple but pretty fun in late game and when fight against Boss (8/10)- Great Soundtrack (10/10)- Enivronment are really beautiful.Cons:- Camera can be annoying.. Imaging you're running and trying to move camera but camera keep pulling back, and what make it worse is you can't HOLD camera. My fix is let them be just think of it as you're playing Resident Evil 1, but sometime I want to look at beautiful environments. :(- Trip (Girl) are so annoying... She look nice and when I start to like her she will do something stupid again. And then when you walk too far away from her she'll kill you... And it feel like she 'Order' you to do things more than 'Ask' you nicely. But I like her anyway :D(*SPOILER*) I like when she broke someone heart. :) (*SPOILER*)- I hate that you have to collect orbs around the map, if they make it drop from enemys only that would be nice.- I feel like a walking&climbing phase are too long in the beginning. I almost stop the game around chapter 3. Climbing, Running, Killing mobs, have only Trip to talk to, Bored. But it got a LOT better when you get back to Trip's village and(*SPOILER*) got another character to join your team. He's funny (*SPOILER*)and enemys get harder, More Boss, Less bull...t,  If only the game are like this at the beginning I would give to 9.5/10- YOU CAN'T USE DLC COSTUME unless you End a game at least one time. (There's a fix for this in internet) Such a♥♥♥♥♥♥move from dev.16 hrs for End the game both Normal & DLC. It's still a good experience for me. :)"
76561198036092059,Not Recommended,245280,12403702,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,askoth,Very nice game but terrible port.I dont recommend buying it for pc.
,Not Recommended,245280,20366106,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,rolandoftheeld,"Too many bugs to recommend. AI pathfinding can force a checkpoint restart or even soft-lock the game so it has to be Alt-F4 closed. Collectibles can glitch out and prevent 100% completion (and related achievements), with no way to reset without finding and deleting your save file manually. Low quality port of a mediocre game."
76561198156979709,Not Recommended,245280,13551806,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,dotelswills3,"Chapter 2 on easy level has a bad problem. You can't jump from the wall when you are trying to get past the drawbridge. Poor job on QA. Then each time you retry, you have to watch the scene over."
76561197970721200,Not Recommended,245280,14044076,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Daneurysm,"I only played a bit because the cutscenes, with their beautiful character animations which tells the story and evolves the relationship between the two main characters (the reason I bought the game), were constantly falling out of sync by a several seconds. It's a bad port"
76561198009126848,Recommended,245280,28545973,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,sunsandon,GREAT/UNREAL/PERFECTRAVEN912/SUNSANDON
,Not Recommended,245280,12960308,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Blastdoors,"I loved the level and character design but overall this game is boring. The story isn't compelling, there isn't a real threat of danger, and there are too many gameplay glitches that completely halt your experience. Running through, what I think is pretty safe to assume, old New York I jumped down a ledge with the girl on my back only to freeze in mid air. Sorry, but I probably will never finish this game."
76561198079271025,Not Recommended,245280,8270504,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Rorrie,"Unfortunately, I cannot recommend buying this game on PC, and it's not because it's a bad game. I wouldn't even know if it was, because I couldn't play it at all. Every time I tried to, the game froze. Or a humonguous amount of lag, not just a few seconds, or delay between sound and video. It took me about 20 minutes from the Press Start to begin screen until all the intro cinematic was done and the game started. And then, every time I tried moving, jumping, I got these huge lag spikes/frozen screen. I could not play the game. And I am bummed out because of it. I looked at the game's system requirements, , and while I don't have state of the line PC, it passed the req. Still, no game for me, and therefore I cannot recommend this game on PC. Maybe if you have the latest specs."
,Not Recommended,245280,10465840,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,alestian,"I love this game.  This is one of my favorite games.......on the PS3 that is!  The story is great.  The characters are great.  This game was really developed for the PS3, not the PC.  You can tell they put very little effort into the PC version.  For the PC, the camera is terrible, the controls are terrible, the screen will jump all over the place, etc.  I really do not recommend the PC version of this game.  I do, however, highly recommend the PS3 version of this game.  Also, in the early part of Chapter 2, you will get stuck. Trip will lower a bridge but the other side is stuck.  Monkey climbs around to the other side, however, there is one part where he needs to jump from a pipe to a wall and it just doesn't happen.  I've tried everything, from exiting and restarting, to replaying the chapter many times, to exploring first before climbing, and I always get stuck at the same place and just can't go any further.  So, no, I would definitely not recommend the PC version of this game but if you have a PS3 then absolutely get it!"
,Not Recommended,245280,12916464,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Wolfbeast,"Kind of a mixed bag in this game. On the plus side: it looks nice, it's atmospheric and has good acting. On the negative side: the story is kind of thin, the controls are really awkward (very, very much to blame there is the fact it's a direct console port, with no regard for PC controls).What breaks everything for me though is constantly having to fight the camera. Sure, having certain angles makes things more ""cinematic"" like but it really isn't conducive to smooth gameplay if you are at the mercy of odd, switching camera angles that can hit you often at the most inopportune moments. I've lost progress several times just because of that - having to play through the same part of the story (without being able to skip cutscenes)justbecause the gamemakers decided to sharply rotate (requiring directional adjustment) or completely swap camera angle in high-action spots ruins the game. It's a common mistake made in these kinds of games, unfortunately.Overall? A mediocre, linear platformer with awkward controls, not offset enough by a story but with nice visuals makes this a game that could be enjoyable to watch someone else play (who already knows what to expect) but not to play yourself. It's a decent buy if you can get a big discount on it and don't mind some frustration, but certainly not being worth the full price."
,Not Recommended,245280,30544558,Posted: 16 March,all,Zoom-Zoom-Zoom,"Not a bad game at all. God of war without a good combat system. Quite enjoyed it until the end, Someone is in love with themselves and boy are they deluded.7/10 for the game0.00000000001/10 for the storyMass effect 3 didnt annoy me as much as this, and thats saying something"
76561198056873791,Not Recommended,245280,12097478,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Γαῖα,"How something so colourful can be so dull is anyones guess but sure enough thats precisely what you get with enslaved.I had hoped for more but at the very least even the story failed to impress and thus make this a jumbled piece of nonsense that quite frankly cant be considered a game.Its an old story revamped to play out in the future where once again we see the cant be controlled monkey be corralled by a mystical headband which in the future is nothing more than certain death while the monk from the story of old is replaced with a woman called Trip. The pair agree a deal to work together to reunite Trip with her people which while forming part of most of the beginning levels is just a rue for yet another AI romance forged through hardship and toil.As for the game aspect their is none, its all go their do this, do that and repeat, repeat, repeat. You get to collect orbs along the way for upgrade purposes but sadly they feel nothing more than a downgrading of skill level rather than a souping up of arsenal which isnt that diverse to begin with.All in all i was unimpressed and find it hard to recommend this game on any point, even when going cheap in a steam sale so its a thumbs down for me this time"
76561198056582844,Not Recommended,245280,9820018,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,marksjon,"My god, this is dull. This game is so incredibly linear, it takes control of the camera half the time, even when you're 'exploring'. Your path is prescribed, all your choices are heavily proscribed, and extreme boredom quickly ensues. The combat's ropey, and all the puzzles are blindingly obvious. so unless you like to have no choices or options in a game, avoid!"
,Not Recommended,245280,25812406,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Alatriste,"One of the worst PC ports i've ever seen, full of glitches and problems that never will be fixed. Dont buy it. Just play it in a console."
76561198038369707,Not Recommended,245280,32032135,Posted: 28 May,all,360NoScope31!73,bad port
76561197999298891,Not Recommended,245280,29015836,Posted: 4 January,all,Skaifox,"S'alright. The game is pretty linear, platforming is on rails (which is both a good and a bad thing). Combat is boring and repetitive. Story is meh. Character design is garbage, as is level design. Kept me playing though, somehow."
,Recommended,245280,29013209,Posted: 4 January,all,777sopraognicosa,Trip is super sexy
76561198010309706,Not Recommended,245280,10398836,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Aftiel,"A bad port of a good game, next to no menu options, mouse and keyboard are barely functional in menues and in game, poorly optmized, plays terribly on my PC that can run skyrim on max settings with resolution enhancement mods loaded, screen tearing despite V-sync and huge framrate drops whenever entering new rooms or some enviornmental effect comes in, loading times are insane and I run SSD's for my hard drive that this is installed on, i couldn't play more than  a few minutes before it made my brain hurt, unofrtunate the game seems to have a really good concept and has good reviews from other people as an underrated game. As it stands, its not worth its pricetag.Most unfortunate part is that this game is probably never going to be fixed into a playable state."
,Recommended,245280,23971624,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,hrace009,"This game really cool, sexy trip"
,Not Recommended,245280,25957083,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Tsubatsu,"The game is very inconsistent in terms of difficulty. You can easily win one or two of bossfights and then lose 1-2 hudreds of times to the next pack of trash mobs just beacause ONE of them take your whole HP bar in one uninterruptible combo. And when you finally defeat the pack - you'll meet the second wave, where you'll find yourself fighting with doubled amount of one-combo-killing mobs. And after that - again! Whole hour of lazy clicking and mashing ""kill"" button."
76561198043720222,Not Recommended,245280,28253503,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,nedrey,"The game plays like an action-puzzle game with some variations, but unfortunately, it just doesn't do enough to hold my interest to keep playing."
76561198060219223,Recommended,245280,29470900,Posted: 24 January,all,Enyalios,A really well made action title.Beautiful design and story and gorgeous character movement.The game can be played with a controller but in a scene later in the game it is better to have the mouse ready.Excellent choice.
76561197972142968,Recommended,245280,16228858,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Chiken_Sammich,"Such an overlooked title. Don't miss out on this one. There are so many positives to Enslaved.==================================================================================Visuals-The world & textures are beautiful-The characters are astounding. From the voice acting to the motion capture & facial expressions. The way the characters display emotion is almost unmatched. There are very few games that do this well & this is by far 1 of the best.==================================================================================Audio-Better than average SFX & some really good BGM==================================================================================Gameplay-At it's core, this is an above average hack & slash with entertaining platforming.-As far as escort missions go, Enslaved does it right. Trip is not completely incompetent. She's not overbearing, she will suggest which way to go 1-2 times & then she shuts up. It also doesn't hurt that Trip is gorgeous. She is seriously 1 of the hottest women in gaming history.-Fun boss battles-Collectables for the completionists==================================================================================Story-Is very interesting & not overdone.I bought this twice (PS3 & Steam) and I would happily buy it again if I had to. Well worth it.My only gripe is that Trip's DLC costume is pretty... meh."
76561198031114879,Not Recommended,245280,16003661,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Airedale,Interface is crap.  Way too difficult to use and makes the game a chore instead of enjoyable.   This game is a complete waste of money.
,Not Recommended,245280,14794511,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,[#]aXe,"Pros:Story is enjoyableLove the surroundingsCons:The combat is really awful. Melee sometimes switches target just because the camera turns.Hardly any puzzles or special places. You see most stuff easily.Different kind of enemies is a bit low. You have robots at your disposal, make more robots! The sky is the limit.The camera is on different kind of modes through the zones. In melee this can be annoying.I would advice people to have a controller for this game. It's an ok game. Yeah it has some cons but it doesn't make it a bad game. One of those game you play, finish and you move on!"
,Not Recommended,245280,13084057,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Myope,"i enjoyed the caracters but the gameplay is boring. too bad. Instead of this game, you should play castlevania. it's a lot better."
,Not Recommended,245280,13101458,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,osricen,"Great game, really bad port. Wish they took more time polishing it up (even DEVELOPING it). It doesn't have enough options in the menu and suffers very annoying bugs. Feels cheap when it's a game with great production values. :-("
,Not Recommended,245280,13605702,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,BlessedOutcast,"you can't make a game that has PC freindly controls, stick to consol and keep is off PC. Your willing to produce a good game, but you cant seem to program decent controls?"
76561198115720547,Not Recommended,245280,30183202,Posted: 25 February,all,aidanmccloskey,"I cannot give this game a fair review as I have only played two hours of it before experiencing a serious game breaking bug. I have gone to greath length to try and solve this issue, but with no luck. Through a Steam forum, I learned that this is an issue others have experienced with this game. Why the developers haven't released a patch for this yet is beyond me and is very frustrating and disappointing. I even tried to reclaim a refund which was later rejected by Steam due to their poor refund policy. I would not recommend purchasing this game on Steam until a patch is released."
,Not Recommended,245280,25954336,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,scouw,"The game is really fun, but it's sadly unplayable because of bugs. AI often gets stuck on ladders or randomaly falls under the map forcing you to close to game and do it all agian. But if you REALLY like this type of game and dont mind the bugs, it might be worth it if you get it on sale."
76561198099066215,Not Recommended,245280,29247742,Posted: 14 January,all,Schnuffelpüh,Its one of the worse PC ports.
,Recommended,245280,12929023,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Mr. Pixel,You become a slave to this chick and you gotta take her back to her home so you get your freedom.....go play it
76561197987585729,Recommended,245280,7631129,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Spanky Ham,Наиклассическая из всех возможных action/adventure механика от будущих авторов перезапуска DMC
,Not Recommended,245280,20334395,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Inspector Sands,MONKEY! HELP!
,Not Recommended,245280,20576495,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,VulcanJew,"Get this game on 360/PS3. Half the time you click Play and Steam says the game is running but it never opens, meaning you have to restart the computer. And no, it's not my computer. Once the game gets going it's an awful choppy mess with tearing galore and audio glitches out the♥♥♥♥♥ Don't bother with this junk PC port."
,Not Recommended,245280,13638826,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Unredemption,"I can't in good faith recommend this game to anyone. It just feels way too predictable. Every second of the way just feels like a chore. It's not a good platformer, it's not a good 3rd person action game, and it's certaintly not a good story.Just pass on this one."
76561198053436092,Not Recommended,245280,35035968,Posted: 17 September,all,piupiu55,"Such a tedious and unsatisfactory game to play.It seems like nothing could go wrong for this game...should be a simplistic (storywise) and fun 3rd person adventure/puzzle solving/slash and hack, type of hybrid, that we are used to by now. But it gets plane boring, repetitive, unexplicably hard at some points, and unnecesserely easy at others. Some game mechanics just don't work very well, enough to make you wanna turn off the game and leave it in your library wainting for it to get it's♥♥♥♥♥♥together before picking up again (not gonna happen, you will need the pacience to get through it). I finished game, and tried the DLC (same complains, although it adds some different strategy modes with different characters), and it adds up to arround 10h to 15h of gameplay (from what I experienced), wich sounds good for the price (in sales) if I wasn't so bored playing it that I just wanted to see the ending and get done with it (it's not that bad of an ending, but again, tedious boss fight to get there).In conclusion, I hate this game, it's just not for me. A lot of people will find it appealing and fun, i'm sure, but I just can't recomend it."
76561198025598976,Not Recommended,245280,28209334,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,dsnerdking,"*tldr* youv'e never heard of this game have you? yeah... when your done you probably wont remember it ether.I've never played a game that i thought so thoroughly deserved a c. a 70 out of 100. this game checks all the 2010 boxes it has to but none of the ones it doesn't. the story is tropey but not worth complaining about. the voice acting is tropey but not worth complaining about. the game play is troupey but not worth complaining about. it wasn't bad but it didn't do anything to make you remember it. it just didn't do anything to set its self apart. it seems like if you replaced the people with a monkey and a parrot you would get a n64 game like banjokazooie. just more forgettable. its an adventure game with jumping and fighting and a little bit of shooting broken up by vehicle sequences set in a very linear fashion. the ending could have totally amped up this games rating but instead it just kinda ends. i feel conflicted because it doesn't deserve a down thumb but can i really recommend spending time and money on a game that is so forgettable? a sleeper hit this is not. if you really want a adventure game throw back but cant deal with anything less then 360 graphics, then great. otherwise go play beyond good and evil."
76561198044665546,Not Recommended,245280,10594462,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wheeledmover,Blue screen every time after quit game.The camera comtrol doesnt work well. Some time you cant see what you are fighting.And the stroy sux. Im so mad at that woman and i cant kill her. whats the point to live as a slave?!
76561198042326166,Not Recommended,245280,12930324,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Zekaniah,"Im giving this reveiw a ""Negative"" reveiw because.....welll i think its.....just not right....this game screams ""Im a Femenist look at my manly character be controlled by a women"". Its just not right.... Though if your not looking at that. The fight style is nice at least....Im just not into the enslave men/women type games.... I wouldnt knock it till ya try it though."
76561198009367101,Not Recommended,245280,12910471,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,rob359,"I bought this game because it was on special offer from Steam, installed under Windows 8.1 and it's unusable.  When Monkey gets into the first battle with the combat mechs, a full width prompt comes up on-screen saying ""Use [W A S D] and space etc"" and then the game freezes, the banner will not disappear, and I have to use task manager to abort the process.  I tried several times including restarting the game from scratch, and every time it freezes at that point in the game.  I hope maybe there is a fix/ patch available ..."
,Not Recommended,245280,12917969,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Thaissa,Being unable to rebind controls and have them stick makes this game unplayable.
76561198024829403,Not Recommended,245280,10746636,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Prufrock,"Tried ever config file fix available in the Steam forums and I still can't run this hot mess. If you're desperate to play it grab it on a console, it's built for it."
76561198119072607,Not Recommended,245280,32310519,Posted: 10 June,all,(G.E.W.P) High Lord Potato,in chapter 2 when I get off the turret then I try to move on but the I cant
76561198052311589,Not Recommended,245280,12909431,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Abysswalker,Very bad port with all kinds of problems. Get it for console if you must have it. Waste of money/time on the PC.
,Not Recommended,245280,25374106,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,djayard,"There's unskippable cutscenes, and I took damage during a scene and died once it was over. That's enough for me to not recommended this game.Other major notes:The combat is clunky, and the platforming is very linear and can be extremely annoying if you don't know the specific direction the programmers want the analog stick to be in for a jump.The game is very, very boring on the replay. A good amount of scenes aren't skippable, and you're often waiting for your AI partner to catch up with you.The environment textures are a bit dated, and the in-game story doesn't excuse the gameplay since there's only a few good moments."
76561198022820771,Not Recommended,245280,10653528,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhFkqLl9txg&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAWell I am not impressed with the game, from the camera which takes you on a joy ride as if your on a roll coaster, to the lack of depth in combat. Yes the game looks good for the most part, but the story is pretty weak as 80% of the game is jumping from predetermined spots doing acrobatic tricks, that you really cant fail. You spend your time watching your character jump around than anything else, when your not doing that your watching cut scenes, then small fight here and there. The main char is a big dumb ape, who has to protect the helpless little lady, blah. Thanks for your time, for more reviews be sure to check out the sight herehttps://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Not Recommended,245280,12914524,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Landsvoort,A feminist's wet dream.Fock this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,245280,29373684,Posted: 20 January,all,PersianPrince,"I wanted to like this game. I tried but this game was unbelievably bad. I'm surprised I don't see any mention of the horrific characterization in this game. As I'm writing this review I have finished chapter 5. Honestly I'm surprised I made it that far without giving up but as I said I wanted to like this game. The controls were terrible specifically the climbing mechanics. I used a keyboard and mouse. The characters were bland and uninteresting, not to mention the fact that monkey doesn't even care about being enslaved. I found this funny in the beginning seeing as ""the complex relationship"" was what they banked on in the description but it didn't take long for that to become annoying. Maybe I might go back to this game later just to force myself to finish it. The only good things about this game are the history to the game and the graphics. If you are someone who likes interesting characters or a halfway decent story, avoid this game."
,Not Recommended,245280,16568895,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mezzy,odyssey to the trash can
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,245280,31835712,Posted: 19 May,all,mikku3,"Horrible camera positioning and controls make the game almost unplayable, and there is also input lag. The devs do not have a clue about action games. I died about 10 times in a minefield because the game swung me left and right while I was trying to go in another direction. Beats me how anyone could give such a frustrating game the thumbs up."
76561198069497668,Recommended,245280,17816068,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,optimistic realization,"7 out of 10There's more plaforming than I care for. The combat is decent. The story is good. The graphics are pretty good considering how old this game is. It drags on a little toward the middle. The expansion is excellent and it comes with the game on Steam. So, don't forget to check it out. It's a nice change of pace from the main game. Overall this is a solid effort, and I hope they port over more of their games to Steam."
,Not Recommended,245280,23265040,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Boibi,"Prince of Persia: Sands of Time is a better game. Buy that instead. You've already played it and want more? Or maybe you just don't want to play a game with PS2 era graphics. Go for Prince of Persia: The Forgotten Sands. This game tries very hard to be Prince of Persia. It does an okay job, but why spend money on okay?"
76561198004228218,Recommended,245280,10630619,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,WobbaWobba,*vomits*
76561198036674528,Not Recommended,245280,22287064,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Romsia,"Its so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moments, dont waste your time and nerves on this crap."
,Recommended,245280,29286683,Posted: 15 January,all,ukdesigner,In between Tomb Raider and Uncharted. A Classic!
,Not Recommended,245280,23813526,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Squashbuckler,A massively annnoying and predictable jumping puzzle game with horrible controls and a jerky camera system. All other areas are mediocre. I struggled to keep playing. This has been done better with the tomb raider series. I do not recommend. and did not continue playing.Issues with freezing and tabbing out also created more issues that I was not pleased with. Extremely linear.
76561198036441532,Not Recommended,245280,29743104,Posted: 6 February,all,Sordos,Your average 3rd-person console-game with okay story/lore but gameplay so♥♥♥♥♥♥it ruins the game.
,Not Recommended,245280,11718057,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,melonbeton,Controls and camera ruin the whole game experience. Save your money and get something else. And if you try to play it with keyboard´n´mouse - well: forget that completely.
,Not Recommended,245280,34126997,Posted: 9 August,all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Bad first person camera, bad fixed camera, no fov slider, bad controls, bad platforming, annoying sidekick character that you can't get rid of, annoying voice, unskippable cutscenes, checkpoint saves.If they put QTEs and microtransactions it'd be the perfect storm of game misfeatures."
76561197978697762,Not Recommended,245280,34428475,Posted: 22 August,all,Malagon,"There's a reason this game never got a sequel. Bad story, bad controls, terrible PC port, mediocre gameplay. The only impressive thing is the character models and facial animations, but that's only in cutscenes and it's nothing compared to more recent games. Don't bother with this one folks."
76561198074169310,Not Recommended,245280,29326184,Posted: 17 January,all,hausen,"""Uncharted/Last of Us/Tomb Rider"" like mix.Cons:- predictable story- stereotyped characters- damsel in distress trope (again and again)- repetitive gameplay- camera issues- puzzles are too obvious- some bugs- rendering texture issues on cutscenes (it may be my video driver)- normal difficulty is super easy- didn't feel like finishing the game after chapter 11 (of 14)- no multiplayer (but I really don't care about it)Pros:- it's enjoyable at first 1 or 2 hours- good controls- combat is fine- hoverboard!- very good and undemanding graphics (2013)- good animations"
,Not Recommended,245280,25891226,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,nubbinsworth,"A compelling adventure that suffers from one critical flaw--making you watch the same damn cutscene over again after you die. This becomes especially frustrating in larger areas with longer cutscenes. If you can look past that, you can find a game that features superb artwork and an interesting setting."
,Not Recommended,245280,8799812,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,кот,"Great game, awful port."
,Not Recommended,245280,13039444,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Ghoul,"I dont know, what to say about this game.. Interesting world, good characters, nice story... But there is a some things that makes this game crap:1) Bad gameplay. PRESS Ж TO JUMP all the level. Boring fighting.2) Camera is bad as♥♥♥♥♥♥ On consoles there is a normal, but on PC same camera is sucks.3) CANT SKIP CUTSCENES!!! I HATE IT! When you was killed and checkpoint loaded, you must see all cutscene...In Russia we name same games ""КИНЦО"" (Movie). Watching this game MORE AND MORE interesting then play it."
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,245280,32233197,Posted: 6 June,all,NIN2,After 15 minutes of game play you feel like puking your guts out because of the camera movement.
,Not Recommended,245280,23589350,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NutelaCrepe,I really wanted to like this game but I couldn't. Nice story  boring gameplay. If you are bored and trying to get more bored then this is the game for you. You will get so bored that you might start laughing and actually have fun.
76561198029447604,Not Recommended,245280,12507782,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Riskjunky,The gameplay was so buggy I only finished the game for the story.  Then the ending was lame...
76561197982581918,Not Recommended,245280,30561051,Posted: 16 March,all,Oztington,This game bores me and i dont know why.
76561198063841672,Not Recommended,245280,12908250,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Buccomatic,could have been a great game but has a femnazi storyline and femnazi character.could have been a 9/10 but sadly ends up being a 5/10
76561198004224171,Not Recommended,245280,7906292,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Xunzar,"Plays like a console-port. Camera angle changes all the time. Like a bad Final Fantasy game. At least in FF-X, it wasn't real-time and having to jump around things so it was just kind of annoying instead of something that makes me want to scream after only ten minutes."
,Not Recommended,245280,8123639,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Nilbot,avoid it. and look it up when the price drop down to $6.99.
,Not Recommended,245280,22916312,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,Hey let's make an entire game out of an escort quest.
76561198018138545,Not Recommended,245280,24763944,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,achuras,"This is the first time I've felt strongly enough about a game to write a review and it's based on only about 20 minutes of gameplay: the story is horrible.  The only way I would play this is if I found out that at some point in the game, I get to gruesomely murder the female for what she does to you in the first 20 minutes of the game.  An ""uneasy partnership"", says the game's description; I've never heard enslavement referred to as an ""uneasy partnership"".  I could have excepted that, though, but within half a second of being told that he is now her slave, the protagonist basically says, ""Cool; let's go.""  After spending 20 minutes fighting to escape a slave ship, with this woman actively trying to leave him for dead in her wake, he's suddenly cool with having a slave headband put on that will torture him if he disobeys her or kill him if she dies.  ""I guess I have no choice,"" were his words when she wants him to help her...you always have a choice: fight.  He should have killed her and died free instead of suddenly becoming cool with the idea of being a slave.  With writing like this, I wouldn't have been surprised if they had started having sex before the first hour was done.  I won't be finding out, though, as I've uninstalled the game.  If you don't care at all about the story, you might enjoy this, but if you're a fan of good storytelling, skip this game."
,Recommended,245280,7616940,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,I don't think this is how the Civil War actually happened.
,Not Recommended,245280,33894432,Posted: 29 July,all,Cheeze Whisperer,"Avoid this game. It's great at the start but then the game itself just completely breaks after the ""pull down the wind sail"" part. At first the camera is trying it's best to avoid looking at the enemy. Then later your char does a taunt a second before activating a switch. Then he bugs out completely in the ""T pose"" 5 min later and you can't move at all and you have to restart from last checkpoint.It was probably going to be a great game but it's literally broken after a point. Do NOT BUY this game."
76561198146292784,Not Recommended,245280,12893643,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,tytds,terrible gameplay
76561198162553511,Not Recommended,245280,24048335,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,St☆r,"best starting screen ever, i also love the part where i press new game and it crashes...EVERYTIME =D !!! (ps : need halp)"
76561198028518621,Not Recommended,245280,12500755,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ight8,The graphics are decent (5/10). It still feels like I'm playing a bad remake of Virtua Fighter with a story line. The game controls suck hillariously.
,Recommended,245280,12891757,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Dale,I had this game on Xbox 360 and let me just say it is an amazing game which is worth every penny.
,Not Recommended,245280,23704927,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Threskiornis moluccus,"in the dystopic future, please and thank you aree long deadedit: i just noticed the 'sexy robot trip' option in the extras folder after you beat it. f that"
76561197969817250,Not Recommended,245280,7837219,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,nana-umpa,bad contrl response using keyboard on some timed scenes. gave up after awhile because of this
,Not Recommended,245280,12906541,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,BroWhosHackingLOL,feels like a console game
,Not Recommended,245280,7998456,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tetsuo,The game is fun. The motion sickness and headache it caused me weren't.
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,245280,25387435,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,characters were paper thin and story was disappointment. other parts of the game were not better.only good part is jaw of a main character.
,Not Recommended,245280,34645033,Posted: 31 August,all,Meh >-(..)-<,Typical consolish monstrosity. Restarting from long unskippable cuscene makes my blood boil.
76561197971990491,Not Recommended,245280,35010776,Posted: 16 September,all,GaSplat,First time I have requested a refund. The game control mechanics are a gawd awful abomination.
,Not Recommended,245280,34723349,Posted: 3 September,all,Wu_YoGa,5/10 - 6/10 it's an average game.
,Not Recommended,245280,34770578,Posted: 5 September,all,|254|CaptainLulz|,"A game with a lot of promise ruined by  lacklustre storytelling, horribly linear map design, unfathomable pacing and relentless melodrama. After this, Heavenly sword and the DmC reboot, I personally believe that Ninja Theory are the most overrated developers out there. 4/10."
76561197966507916,Not Recommended,245280,31188569,Posted: 16 April,all,Cannon Fodder,Bunch of feminist garbage.
,Not Recommended,245280,12872851,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,I've hacked your headset to show your health.I've hacked your headset to show your shields.I've hacked your headset to kill you if go too far away.I've hacked your headset to kill you if I die.No Mechs.
76561198010641857,Not Recommended,245280,25472740,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ivan Moreira,"its a fun game with pretty graphics. worth the price paid. too bad its pointless. the story is pointless and gets nowhere interesting, the characters are bland, the platform parts are useless since you cant fail. the fighting part is not that bad, but are too little and too late to salvage this game.it had potential, just...missed it."
,Recommended,245280,30387007,Posted: 8 March,all,Joshimitsu,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West has pretty much everything you'd want in an action-adventure. Good Characters, intriguing story, interesting world, solid gameplay mechanics and just overall a very enjoyable game to play. I'm surprised how often this game gets looked over, as in my opinion it's one of the best games to come out of the PS3/X360 generation.Ninja Theory are yet to let me down. I've greatly enjoyed each of their games that I've played, and I'm anxiously awaiting their next.Note: I would highly reccomend using a controller for this game."
,Recommended,245280,10633582,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Frizz,"Imagine 'The Last of Us'Now remove all the quick time events, replace a little girl with a women who's enslaved you, replace the clickers with killer robots. Add great combat, lots of secrets, and a beautiful setting.No this game is not 'Pro' or 'hardcore', but it's crazy good fun with simple mechanics which seem pointless early on becoming essential to learn by the end.If you like adventure games this is a seriously underated gem with quite an old school style but done very well. 7 hours of pure enjoyment from me!9/10 Adventure game 8/10 Overall"
,Recommended,245280,10676674,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Don Raul,"Good game. I think the graphics are very good to a 2010 game. It has a cool story and it is a cool reference to the ""Journey to the West""."
76561198071309276,Recommended,245280,10624536,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Creomant,"This game is simply WOW.Beautiful graphic of destroyed and devastated world. Wonderful characters nad plot between them. Great, action packed elements. And maybe not oryginal but still astonishing storyline, which keeps you going up to the end scene. 4,29 pounds for that is a true steal."
76561198113481234,Recommended,245280,10776526,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Blind777,Nariko!
,Recommended,245280,10777681,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vannie,"I had heard of this a few years back when it was still fresh on the shelves, but I was talked out of getting it because the store clerk said it had some pretty bad reviews. Since it was cheap with the Steam Summer Sale, I figured I wouldn't really lose much if it reallywas. The fact is, I really, really enjoyed this game.The number one reason why I really enoyed it? It's based on the same story that Dragonball is, and the nostalgia factor alone made this game awesome for me. You've got your Goku, complete with a Power Pole and Flying Nimbus; you've got your Bulma and all her hacky, science-y ways; and you've got your Oolong, lecherous and...well, a pig. Throw all this together, add some high-octaine violence, neat mechs, and a gorgeous environment and you've got yourself a fun game!The environments are beautifully crafted and it's tempting to just stand around and oggle them for hours. The story is pretty decent too, and the voice acting and motion cap is as to be expected with Andy Serkis on board. The combat is a bit lacking; it's just your typical hack and slash, reminiscent of God of War with the special moves when enemies are weakened. You can basically beat the entire game by spamming left click and the odd ""E"" in combat. There's also an upgrade feature that I pretty much didn't use beyond extending my sheild abilities (seriously, who bothers to upgrade the staff?). And, to extend the gameplay, there's your token hidden trophy collection element.All in all, very good game in this gal's opinion!"
,Recommended,245280,10699622,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HarmLess,Good story and interesting combat. With the graphic tweaks from the forum it looks better that it's age. An absolute steal at it's current price (75% off during summer sale 2014).
,Recommended,245280,10704077,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,shadwick,I completely forgot about this game! Really fun!
76561197992804575,Recommended,245280,10684459,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ruv,gut game
,Recommended,245280,10785205,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RaingodZippo,"Fantastic Story, reasonable port from the consoles, graphics could bet a bit better but very enjoyable and highly recommended if you haven't played it before."
76561197970897939,Recommended,245280,10666188,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,quickXfix,"Bough it on Steam Sale and feel very entertained. Mouse+Keyboard controlls are a scrumpy at some parts, but that is ok.Over all a good fun fun!"
,Recommended,245280,10666746,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Creator Of The Multiverse,Amazing game great gameplay good plotline great combat system. When the camra amgle changes it can be a little anoying but over all I think it is a great game.
,Recommended,245280,10723041,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Iluvatar,"Great game, good story with interesting characters and a good amount of humor.Control can be clunky at times but are otherwise intuitive and easy to handle."
,Recommended,245280,10736678,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,credderp,"This game is an action-adventure with plaform-elements and solid combat-gameplay. You play as Monkey (voiced and mo-caped by Andy Serkis) and help Trip to get back home.The strong point of this game is the story - so if you like games for exactly that fact more than gameplay mechanics, this is a must buy for you. (not saying they are bad but the story is the selling point)"
,Recommended,245280,10750642,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,For Sale: Fortnite 20 Bucks,"Beautiful mastered story, though it feels a bit short. Also the prologue wasn't quite what I was hoping for.Still worth every penny. impressive grahpics and fatastic voice overs. Do not skip on the Pigsy storyline its as big as the main one. Very nice surprise, though was sold seperatly as DLC on the console.Inluding the DLC good for about 11 hours on normal mode. Play hard mode or replay to get all the collectables to raise that.Warning: High risk of falling in love with characters ;)."
,Recommended,245280,10803565,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,sharkbloodr,I cry whenever I think of this fantastic game for two reasons. 1) There will likely never be another game 2)For all the gamers who havent played it.10/10 a must play.
,Recommended,245280,10822475,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kamiyaku,"This game is badass!Part PoP puzzle solving, part hack and slash... the story ain't bad either and the voice acting is suberb.8/10 must play"
,Recommended,245280,10829431,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tarostar,"Beautiful console port with likable characters, simplistic but fun console style combat and climbing and a linear but engaging story that keeps you interested. A bit short, but for the story and gameplay it offers it is exactly the right length, any more and it would start to get dull. In other words a welcome little diversion, and such a pretty green apocalypse that makes you want to learn more about the world, with character dynamics that make sense. I found that a gamepad controller gave the best experience as that is what it was designed for. Also quite kid friendly as the violence is confined to smashing robots and playing Monkey makes you feel like a very capable and likable hero with even a few juvenile jokes thrown in."
76561197997129113,Recommended,245280,10833188,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sumghai,"It left an impression, a good one. It left me wanting more at the end which I consider to be a good and a bad thing.Interesting visualsSimplistic combat and platformingInteresting story"
,Recommended,245280,10740674,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Shovel,"Cinematic, in a word.I played this with a controller and had no problems, can't speak for M+KB. It took me around 10 hours to finish on Normal, and I wasn't in a hurry, nor collecting every last thing. I'm gonna talk about some things now.It's pretty. The early environments are the lush flavour of post-apocalyptic, with greenery sprouting from concrete and lots of colour. Later on there's a scrapyard where you should pay attention to the background, and some machine-y places that have a lot of working parts, all worthy of sightseeing in. The character designs are very nice, but what really shines is the animation, especially of the protagonist. He feels agile and swift, and there's a real rightness to his Monkey moniker. He's even got a little sash in lieu of a tail, and his idle animations and just how he behaves are so very right. Another animal-themed character later in the game has not quite but close to the same level of polish, but that's fine since he's an NPC and not the center of attention all the time. Cutscenes are very obviously not meant for 1080 playback, but I can forgive it due to the in-game closeups, which feature impressive facial animation and absolutely beautiful eyes. I'm serious, I couldn't stop staring into those limpid pools. It's showing it's age in places nowadays, but I still thought it was pretty and well playable indeed.The gameplay is fun, and many parts are very classic videogamey. By that I mean it's got a lot of things that made me reminisce fondly about ye olden days: Running towards the camera from a deathwall? Non-awful vehicle segments? Turret manning? You betcha, it's got all three and they're all nicely paced and set up. There's always something new and interesting going on, and I wasn't bored or left hanging very often. Some of these segments are remixed a little later in the game, adding another element to what you already know, and I have to praise the pacing and level design for that. A little bit of a collect-a-thon, not quite Banjo-Kazooie levels, but enough to keep obsessives busy for a bit. The chapter select screen provides running totals for each uh, chapter, so that's a welcome touch.The combat isn't particularly nuanced, but there are enough unlockable moves and variations of enemies to keep things interesting. Every so often a new enemy type is added to the pile, and then they start getting thrown at you in interesting combinations and in greater numbers. Simple stuff, but it works so very well. Again, I have to praise the animation department here, as though the moves are somewhat slim, the end of every encounter is marked by a dramatic camera angle and extreme slomo, and though they were all standard attacks, not once was I unimpressed by it. Another point of note is the takedowns, executed by a single button press, but so very violent and satisfying to do that it's worth aiming for them. Of course, there's advantages of doing these to certain enemies, beyond how ultra cool they are, but you can find that out for yourself. There's a lot of ""♥♥♥♥ youuu"" moments when you're finishing off enemies or taking out someone particularly tough, and that's immensely satisfying when you do it right. Also, you can actually roll between their legs and backsmack them, which is the tightest♥♥♥♥♥♥The platforming is... not, really, but that's okay! It's more of a ""follow the glowy bits to get somewhere"", but what it means is the environments can play with multiple levels and verticality and interesting routes without being frustrating. Monkey won't actually fling himself off a ledge unless he can do it safely, so you're free to experiment (by that I mean run around mashing jump) until you find the right route. Think more God Of War than Assassin's Creed, in a nutshell. They're more like some sort of non-QTE than true freedom, but I'm okay with it. There are some timed jumps and other stuff, but mostly it's fun to watch Monkey swing around like his namesake and admire just how acrobatic he is.The story and writing is a little by the numbers, and I expected quite a few of the big reveals, but it's okay because it's not a super duper 11/10 literature game, and it doesn't bill itself as such. The world is cohesive and interesting and the banter between characters is great. Praise upon praise for the voice actors, and also the mocap facial animation, as both really sold some of the moments in the game for me. I'd like to visit this particular post-apocalyptia again, if only to see more environments and ideas that were thrown out there. Cinematic to a tee, there's a lot of stuff that wouldn't feel out of place in a summer blockbuster, and I found that very enjoyable indeed.Trip herself doesn't feel like dead weight, so the devs avoided that pithole pretty well. Some co-op jumping and puzzles where you have to tell her what to do were pretty neat, and I really liked the dynamic between her and Monkey. She's got her own backstory and her own path, and I quite enjoyed her as a companion. Plus, even if she does run slower than you and walk faster, you can always just pick her up and plonk her wherever she needs to be. Or maybe you just want to carry your waifu always, but who am I to judge?In closing:+Pretty environmentsGreat animationEngaging charactersAn actual plotIt was fun!-Camera can be a little claustrophobicSlightly anemic moveset and enemy variationSomewhat predictable plotLack of sales killed the sequelIs it worth full-game price? I'm not sure. Is it worth the current price, or even on sale? Definitely, if you want a decent campaign run-through, tight gameplay mechanics and a good uh, read? I'm not sure what the word is, but as single-player fighter/platformers with a story go, I thought it was well worth my time."
,Recommended,245280,9975698,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,RADIOACTIVEBUNY,"Like a fleeting love with an exotic woman in a far away land, upon returning home to the awaiting, everpresent monotony this game will be something I look back upon with a wistful smile for a long, long time."
76561197972264486,Recommended,245280,7562587,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,-=BwA=-Window,This is a great Action/Platformer.  It boasts some of the best characters I've ever seen in games.  Play it in Hard difficulty because the game is otherwise too easy.  The combat is great and provides awesome audio/visual feedback based on your actions.  There are no frustrating jumping puzzles.Pigsy's Perfect 10 is a really well done DLC that provides a fun twist on the core gameplay and you get more Pigsy -- the true hero of the story.Make sure to edit the video settings in MonkeyEngine.ini to get better graphics.
76561198068980018,Recommended,245280,8716514,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Potman Pit,Absolutely loved this game!! Its a linear styled game so no free world stuff. But I absolutely love it! Definitely worth the money.
76561198024821508,Recommended,245280,11119539,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,streaks_art,"What can I say?Awesome game. Nice ""western"" take on some eastern (oriental) legendary characters.Below average port from console. Not the best. Definitely not the best. Mind you I have this installed in an SSD hardrive and man does it still have terrible stuck ups during loading, cutscenes, and gameplay. But luckily, in my case, it has not hanged yet. Though its stuck ups sometimes feel like its hanged.Its keyboard and mouse control instructions are incomplete at best. Like its focus attack is activated by pressing the ""E"" and ""F"" keys on your keyboard. Found that out by googling it.And what about its counter-attack being activated by a successful shielding followed by pressing the ""B"" button? Gamepad ""B"" button, not the ""B"" button on your keyboard?Also, its mouse resolution seems to be stuck on high when you are on a turret or carrying a gun.If you can be patient with all these ""distractions"" that a ""not so optimized"" port from console to PC, then, its a good game."
,Recommended,245280,11120472,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Namelus,"Surpisingly good. If you like prince of persia style hopping around and climbing then you'd like this. Although its very linear and fairly short, i found it satisfactory. Its an interesting twist on the old chinese story of the Monkey king."
76561198042205822,Recommended,245280,10926184,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DiablosSkull,For what it is this game is very captivating
76561198043183734,Recommended,245280,11122685,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,IronBear,"One the best games you've probably never heard of and sadly didn't get the credit and success it deserved at it's release. Gorgeus graphics that make Borderlands 2 - another colorful and cartooney, post-apocalyptic, Unreal engine harnessing game - look pale and boring. A real solid and fluent 10 hour ride for the friends of the modern beat 'em up/adventure genre."
,Recommended,245280,11128037,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,tub3scr3am3r,"I saw this game on a ""Best Unreal Engine"" list and had it on my wishlist until I could snag it for $5 during a Steam sale.  After just finishing the game I can say I'm very impressed with it.The game is a few years old so the graphics are not cutting edge but they are beautiful and super smooth on my machine (2500k & 660GTX).  I started out the journey with a keyboard and mouse but switched to a controller after a couple hours and must say it was much more enjoyable to me with the controller and it seems like it was meant to be played that way.  This allowed me to just sit back and get sucked into the game.The game is a 3rd person adventure with a lot of fighting, platforming and a few puzzles thrown in.  The story is pretty generic along the way but there are enough snippets to make you get attached to the main characters (Monkey and Trip) and the ending is really awesome.  I found the fighting and platforming smooth and addictive and could not stop playing.  I played through the game in 2 sittings and spent about 8 hours on it.  I will probably go back and play some more and check out the DLC since I got the premium version.I would not have been disappointed had I spent $20 on it but for it's age and short play time I think anywhere is the $5-$10 range is much more acceptable.  For a genre that has a lot of generic games that rinse and repeat the formula, I thought Enslaved stood out and very much enjoyed it as a whole.  My experience with the game was overwhelming positive and I very much recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,245280,11128860,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,File0Error,"An absolute gem of a game, it dosent take itself very seriosuly and that is whats great about its story. The characters are presented very well. From a gameplay perspective the game is very solid, the fighting is very simple yet fun. A must buy."
,Recommended,245280,7473926,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,"This...seriously...if you want to see some of the best motion capture in the industry...its not as good as Heavenly Sword but Enslaved is still fantastic. From the day I played this on my 360 I said...this game was being held back by the consoles. Now here is the PC version...finally it should be able to be seen in it's full glory. Great game, great story, pick it up, don't worry."
,Recommended,245280,7470544,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Chandler,"This is one of the best acted, well told video game stories ever. Played it on 360 a while ago, instant buy on Steam. Love love love this game."
76561198053266411,Recommended,245280,17209504,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Juffe,"Pros:StoryVoice actingCharactersHumorCons:Graphics are port messy, while scenery is beautiful.Controls while good, can't fall to the great category.Can't skip cutscenes... why oh why?Recommended? For it's story, it really is."
,Recommended,245280,17275273,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,AlphaNeonic,"Pretty simplistic and very easy, but also very enjoyable.It's an action combat platformer with very light puzzle elements. It's nothing you haven't seen before.The gameplay is solid and the story has just enough charm that I wanted to keep playing to see what happened next.Well worth it for 5 bucks."
76561197999015663,Recommended,245280,17155574,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Aros,"Apart from being a shoddy console port, this game is awesome. Great story, epic moments and awesome characters (seriously, what's better than a big strong guy, who can solve literally any problem with a brute force, cute redhead and a crazy pig who likes guns, guns and even more guns, and has a big lip-shaped buckle on his belt and a tattoo on his knuckles that says ""sexy"")."
,Not Recommended,245280,16983330,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Vitef,"This is quite a bad port. At each cutscenes the frame rate drops at 10fps, the sound cracks and then stops.I've played a lot of port in my life but this one might be the worst. They are a lot of people complaining about those issues, it's really bad :/"
76561198105667859,Not Recommended,245280,17003046,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,NinjaG1rl,controls and input map is clunky and complete garbage so even if the game is good i would have no idea as i cannot control the character correctly guess its ok to rip people off with trash like this ive only made it through a few minutes before quitting... if you can't code decent input maps for controls with customization you have no business making games period. My advise to anyone looking to buy this game run very far away and rethink your decision
,Recommended,245280,17043873,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Aemelius,This game is an extremely fun adventure! The characters are amazingly developed. The enviroment is the definition of dichotomy which robots representing nature! Almost spirtual in a sense.ENSLAVED deserves more exposure and more people have to play. I am amazed by this game and I applaude the developers for making such a masterpiece! Would love to see more and play more.
76561198200506633,Recommended,245280,17065672,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Inkosi kini,good game the port is a awful though
,Recommended,245280,16976872,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Delbin,"I've just finished Enslaved: Odyssey to the West on Steam, letting me mark off another game from my Steam ""Backlog of Shame"". It's a 2013 PC port of a game from 2010, originally on Xbox 360/PS3.Being a port, it definitely had its issues. Crashes and lock-ups for some of the cut scenes, especially late in the game. But it was definitely worth the frustration to push past these and finish the game.In the game, you play as Monkey, a loner surviving in a world set 150 years in the future and overrun with an army of killer robots. You quickly meet up with Trip: a young woman who traps Monkey with a slaver's headband in order to get what she needs. Her deal for Monkey: get her home and she'll set him free. Oh, and if she dies (or he tries to leave) he dies too. He'll have to help her cross 300+ miles through the wasteland, avoiding death at the hands of mechs and slavers along the way.The story centers on the relationship between Monkey and Trip. She has complete control over what he does, but is completely dependent on him in order to survive. The power dynamic goes back and forth until they finally start to trust and care for each other.The game play folds out in a series of platformer puzzles and combat set pieces in between scenes pushing the story forward. Monkey fights with a bo staff that doubles as a ranged energy weapon. Most of the time Trip is out of the way for combat, but she does support Monkey by providing upgrades for his equipment, scouting the way forward with a small drone, providing distractions for the ranged turrets and mechs and acting as a second person for some of the puzzles. She doesn't fight or climb and she can't jump quite as far as Monkey can, so more often than not the puzzles are you trying to find a way for her to move forward. The slave headband also lets Trip see and hear what Monkey does and allows her to overlay information as an augmented reality display in Monkey's vision, allowing him to see hidden mines and the detection range of powered down mechs.Combat is mostly fun and not too difficult or frustrating (with a few exceptions). The camera is over-the-shoulder and sometimes makes it a bit hard to see what's going on, but that doesn't usually get too much in the way of a good brawl. You'll find yourself using a mixture of cover/stealth to get around enemies or to get into position, and Trip's support features help out with this a lot. The game will usually put a helpful ""flaw"" in some enemies, giving you an advantage if you care to exploit it, and making sure that the combat doesn't get stale and repetitive. The only real punishing fights are the boss battles, where a single mistake can mean starting the encounter over from the beginning. The puzzle aren't too challenging, and are kind of standard fare, in the line of games like Tomb Raider and the Uncharted games.In addition to Monkey's bo staff, another item in Monkey's tool set is the Cloud. It is an energy based ""hoverboard"" that is only activated in a few areas of the game, allowing Monkey to hover over water, travel at high speeds and jump across gaps that he normally wouldn't be able to clear. I really wish that this was available for more of the game rather than just the few areas that you could activate it, but I was just happy to have it. The Cloud is a lot of fun to get around on, and always felt like something that I wanted to use rather than just another puzzle mechanic.In addition to the puzzles and combat, the game encourages exploration (to the extent that Trip doesn't think that Monkey is abandoning her and kills him) in the form of Tech Orbs and strange floating Masks. The Tech Orbs unlock upgrades for Monkey and are well worth the effort of tracking down (aside from just achievement hunting). The Masks tie into the story and are related to Monkey's slave headband. Each shows a set of images from before the war, lasting only for a few seconds. They are interesting, but not necessary unless you are an achievement hunter.Late into the game, you are introduced to a third character: Pigsy. He helps Trip and Monkey on the last stage of their journey together and he's ridiculous and crude and completely full of himself, all of which makes him an amazing character. Pigsy is also the focus of his own DLC (included in the Steam version of the game), set before he meets up with Trip and Monkey, which is definitely worth playing.By the end of the game, I felt emotionally invested in the characters, They felt like fully fleshed out beings rather than two-dimensional fantasy archetypes that you usually get with games. They had depth and had grown. I understood their motivations and their actions made sense, and the ending wasn't one of those ""and they lived happily ever after"" endings. It made you think about what was next for the characters and the (spoilers) army of freed slaves released from the Pyramid, and if they did the right thing. It was very satisfying. I'd love to see Ninja Theory do another game set in this universe again."
76561198056031516,Recommended,245280,17496379,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,White Owl,worth it minimal bugs awesome fun different fresh
76561198086896978,Recommended,245280,17466356,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,MilksInYoMouth,"i had this on xbox 360 and never got to finish it. seen it on here for cheap on these damn irresistable steam sales. and boom! bought that♥♥♥♥♥♥ no regrets on doing it what so ever. the game looks so much better on here even though there is a lack of options to configure. you can mess with the ini file to get more out of it. theres tutorials out there... one thing that kind of annoyed me was how the shadows look.. more so during the cutscenes. besides that, the game aged very well. the voice acting and motion capture of the facial expressions are better then most titles out these days. it really gets you into the characters... the fight system was kind of lacking. i feel it could of been alot deeper but there is an upgrade system which encourages you to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up. the staff shooting was a nice touch though... overall Enslaved is a damn good game. It held me over so a bit.. im just waiting for ♥♥♥♥ing batman arkham knight to finally get fixed.. 8/10"
76561197992853325,Recommended,245280,18012911,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Nohge,Awsome game. Get it.
,Recommended,245280,18019217,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Return of Zombie Teddy,Great Story!  Awesome game play.  Highly recommend.
76561198000683794,Recommended,245280,18066396,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,[FE]Dr-Zakoota,Nice game out of the blue !! .. definitley worth a shot .. ! ..
,Recommended,245280,18072993,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,$UICIDEBOY$,"BAD MONKEY-Bad bad baaaaaaaaaaad port. Like really.-Punished with unskipable cutscene (if you play it on HARD difficulty, good luck).-Screw those mines! At least put some warning area before player go near it. I gotta start it all over(collect the orbs again and again if I die)-Women, amirite???GOOD MONKEY+Really cool concept.+Great story.*I meet with this game Art Director: Allessandro ""Talexi"" Taini. He's a good guy. Love his works.Here's link to his site:CLICK HERERecommended this game if on sale."
76561197996258383,Recommended,245280,18095696,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Dilbot3000,Constantly freezing. Great game but it has intermittent issue and they really hamper you sometimes
,Recommended,245280,16875592,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,OmegaJeff,"The game is quite beautiful, and because of its artistry it ages well.The story is strong, but the female lead is often reduced to an overly emmotional 'helpful damsel'.  Her portrayal could have been much stronger and more independant.  The paralels with the original ""Journey to the West"" myth also seemed mostly superficial until the end, which paid off better than I expected.The gameplay is passable, with good platforming and decent combat.  A lot of missed opportunities.The weak point is the camera, which sometimes fights with you, and sometimes lies to you about where you need to go.  The camera can also be a little jittery sometimes, even with a super high framerate the jumping of the camera sometimes gave me eyestrain when playing for more than an hour."
76561198100359165,Not Recommended,245280,17451979,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,El Mono Gramático,"Frustrating game to review. This game has so much going for it-- stunning art direction, great learning curve and solid combat upgrade system, and decent to good acting and story (a little weak, forced, and abrupt ending imo)-- but the thumbs down (one of my first on Steam) comes from the quality of the PC port. The flaws aren't terribly obvious at first, but the boss battles really expose INCREDIBLY frustrating problems with camera angles,  hit detection and timing.  It's less about skill and timing than it is about ""will the AI cooperate this time (finally)?"" The frustration reaches an apex with the rhino boss chase following its defeat. What should be a simple and fast pod-racer style pursuit is dampened by the seemingly arbitrary environment effects that don't give you a clear reason of why you've slowed down. I haven't played this game on consoles, but I strongly suspect the problem is in the quality of the port, and that many of these problems would go away in those versions."
,Recommended,245280,17533800,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kai,This is a fun interesting linier story. combat is fluent. everything works.
,Recommended,245280,17391036,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LyonEng,"A great game with an awful port:The game is beautiful in its looks, the characters have a lot of things that makes you like them, the story is not as deep to keep you thinking but not as simple as a generic shooter game, the gameplay is simple and intuitive.From the narrative structure, to the personality of each character, we come to began to know Monkey and Tripitaka (Trip for the folks) in a very emotional adventure (that is inspired obviously in an ''journey to the west'' by Wu Cheng'en) in which every step you take in this devastated world is a risky one.The game visuals are astonishing, a nice character modelling (i have to admit that i fell in love with Trip xD, and i liked the tough looks of Monkey) good music, and a brand new way to tell a story, by reimagining it.Score: 8.5Good Points:StoryNarrativeCharactersVoice Acting (Andy Serkis as Monkey is epic!)Bad PointsAwful Port (sometimes the game just stops for seconds, or minutes and the sound keeps playing, then you notice you have skipped a cinema and then you can move again without knowing what are you doing) and is very tedious to modifiy you baseengine.ini to make the game works ''a little'' better.Keyboard and Mouse support it's not good at allThe time you need to finish it, 5 or 6 hours.The Ugly PointsLack of support on PC (Steam) by developers make the game 2 years after it's release of an awful story on how NOT to port a game."
,Recommended,245280,17593611,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Knock Knock,Fun game. Well worth the price. Too bad it didn't turn into a series.
76561198081322398,Recommended,245280,17514528,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,RickL,"Really, really good third person adventure. Great characters, terrific voice acting, and unique setting. It's not a perfect port, and I had to reload my game a few times after encountering some game-breaking issues... but I still recommend it. It's a fun ride while it lasts."
76561198018620608,Recommended,245280,17985189,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,wertzuiop,"I'd recommend it, but only during a sale.+ The game has a great beginning (first 6 chapters).+ Game looks great for the first few chapters.+ okayish ending for me.+ You can upgrade your character.+ 3 funny characters with great personality and good voice acting (best reason to play this)- Gameplay becomes boring very fast.- 50% of the battles are scripted and do not require fighting skills.- Boring final boss battle- The game is one big babysitter act. 80% of the time you need to protect your teammate.- If you rush through the game without collecting everything you are done in about 6-7 hours.Buy it if you want to see the story and the characters. If you want an action game you're better off with something else like Dark Souls or Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,245280,17987556,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,XandrexTeam,"Great story, great characters, nice graphics, and a good game.The sequel brings another layer of goodness.Too bad the story really ends. No sequel possible, and no prequel either.beware: if you use the keyboard+mouse, you can only run and not walk."
76561198079789371,Recommended,245280,16962151,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Brass Demon,"Gaming has tons of hot chix and sexy ♥♥♥♥♥ezz, but if there ever was a beautiful girl in a videogame, it's Tripitaka. And you get to crush evil slaver robots with your fists."
,Recommended,245280,16930168,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,AstroBear,"Greate game, graphics getting a little old tho"
76561198102183026,Recommended,245280,16918769,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Norbit021,"This game was awsome! Reminded me of games i played as a kid (Ratchet & Clank, Jak & Daxter) but for an older crowd. The story was awsome, combat didnt get old. One of the best games ive played yet.Only one thing i wish it had...- More DLC10/10 for sure"
76561198144365023,Recommended,245280,17118800,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,rado907,"Very decent game - cute graphics, solid dialogue, fine plot, ok gameplay, and cool cutscenes. 9/10 for what it is - recommended."
,Recommended,245280,17128637,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,neo_bushi,"Been meaning to play this for a while.Did not disappoint. The game is pretty much what you would expect from a modern 3rd person 3D action adventure game. What sets it apart is the intrigueing characters, interesting combat mechanics and good story.Plus the game world is a thing of beauty =)I will say that the game suffers from some control issues. Sometimes it is difficult to make Monkey behave how you want him to. It is something that drove me nuts in the very beginning of the game but it got better over time. Once you get used to how Monkey moves and responds to your input and which parts of the game world are actually interactive and which are not, then it becomes much much better. Not perfect, but better =)Don't let this little issue push you away from this game though. If you are a lover of 3D action adventure titles you need to give this one a go.  Might not be perfect but it has enough charm to make it memorable."
76561197977630226,Recommended,245280,16895541,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,OnyxIdol,"Excellently written, sometimes funny, sometimes sad, and builds a lot of emotional investment.Gameplay is reminiscent of the Prince of Persia Sands of Time trilogy, although generally a lot easier. A lot of fun to play.Graphics hold up really well, there are only some really low-res textures here and there.Character animations and voice acting are superb.So yeah, an absolute recommendation.Edit: I played this with a gamepad, I didn't try to play it with keyboard but that's usually a bad idea with these types of games."
76561198009828768,Recommended,245280,17405586,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,flyingarmchair,"An easy and pretty cute game with a less interesting story than you would hope for given the themes and the most dissapointing ending of any game I've played this year. But still, it's relaxing and fun. There are probably better things you could get on steam for $20, but if you're in the mood for a dumbed down Prince of Persia for sure check it out."
,Recommended,245280,17406195,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,GRUK,"So far.. a very good game - plays nice and smooth, still looks good for an oldish game, I'd recommend a joypad tho."
,Recommended,245280,17640248,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Johnomatopoeia,Tedious gameplay. Excellent story. Mixed on the ending. Pretty short game also. See what you think.
76561198065383787,Recommended,245280,18116327,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,dakov.dako,An awesome adventure.
,Not Recommended,245280,18094521,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Cihan Serter,It is obvious they ported this game from console.It is so obvious when you buy an upgrade it doesn't show you its keybord buttons but gamepad buttons even you are playing with a keybord.Monkey is a very athletic man who can jump to only specific places.That restricts you from falling down but most of the time it forces you to find the correct spot to be able to jump.It is not a bad game but I can't really recommend it.
,Recommended,245280,18231825,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Darth Elias,Enslaved surprised me because I do not normally care for such linear games. The fact this is a console port definitely made it interesting trying to play because of all the quirks that come along with it. This is definitely a game you play for the story and I very much enjoyed it.
76561197990745803,Recommended,245280,7780285,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,pyrate23,"A visually beautiful game with a great story line. I like it a lot so far, however, I would suggest the ownership of a PS3 or equiv controller. Playing with out one has been tough, but still a great game and well worth the money."
76561197971190870,Recommended,245280,16734275,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Doug38,I loved it. Beautifull journey. Even the DLC is nice.
,Recommended,245280,16680078,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zeus_CM,"ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the West is a beautiful and fun action adventure, although a bit short. Interesting story and characters, engaging combat system, beautiful graphics will not leave you indifferent. ENSLAVED is a very interesting depiction of the novel Journey to the West by Wu Cheng'en. And as I said, it is fun while it lasts, short and sweet, but no replayability. Around 12 hours of solid fun. Buy it on sale, you won't regret it.Gameplay 8/10Sound 8/10Story 8/10Graphics 8/10Polish 10/10-----------------Overall 8.5/10 (Great game)"
76561198034414618,Recommended,245280,16702536,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Little_Mermaid,"Visually, the most beautiful game I've seen since Alice: Madness Returns. You haven't seen so much GREEN in a triple-A release since freaking Skyrim."
76561197987013788,Recommended,245280,16609500,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,TeeCeeTime2,"Definitely enjoyed this game. Bought it while it was on sale, not expecting much, but I remembered playing the demo on Xbox 360 a while back and figured ""Why not?."" Ended up getting hooked and playing it straight through over the next few days. Tons of fun and totally worth it - even when its not on sale."
,Recommended,245280,16759081,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nihilus,"The Monkey, the Pig and April O'neil :DJust a tip....play it with a keyboar+ mouse and with a controller.- Controller for the whole game- Keyboard + mouse for bossfights where you need to make qick turnarounds with the mouse."
76561198025020394,Recommended,245280,16819616,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Joebot,"It's not awful, but its many issues prevent it from being excellent. Overall ~7/10.-The combat is dull, repetitive, and a lot of button mashing (but so are the majority of action games)-The platforming is mindless and nearly impossible to mess up, aside from a few areas toward the end-Music and sounds are alright, but nothing to write home about (I have no idea why people tagged this as having a ""great soundtrack"" when it was mostly forgettable background music)-To call them puzzles would be insulting to actual puzzles (although to be fair most actions games nowadays do this too), but they were fast enough that they felt more like elements of the platforming rather than contrived timewasters-Fairly short at ~10-13 hours (length felt about right to me, YMMV)-If you're a completionist and you miss any of the collectibles/achievements you'll have to replay the entire chapter (no manual saving, points of no return occur every ~5-10 minutes)-The colors and art really brought things to life, and are some of the game's stronger points-Voice acting was excellent-Repetitive level design with no real changes to mechanics (gaining the ability to shoot plasma out of your staff (no innuendo) hardly qualifies)-Despite its predictability and lack of content the story was alright...until the last chapter. They decided to royally♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed there for god knows what reason; enough of a ♥♥♥♥-up to consider giving it a thumbs down. Without spoiling anything, the story's background became increasingly shaky and farfetched in the last third or so (but tolerable), and had a horrible, unsatisfying ""conclusion"" that made no sense in the story's setting. The presumed attempt to be dramatic and thought-provoking resembled an adolescent's fan fiction, or anything from M. Night Shyamalan. It didn't really give a proper conclusion, but left some room for a sequel, and wound up in a purgatory where it neither fully finished the story nor made a continuation necessary.-Main character is the hellspawn of Superman and a gorilla, so his inhuman physical abilities can frequently give the false appeareance of Trip being a damsel in distress-This type of game feels a lot like games made 10-15 years ago, and it would have been right at home amongst them. However, following an (outdated) cookie cutter action game design is not going to make you stand out.It didn't really do anything unique, and with gameplay/story elements ranging from mediocre to slightly above average, it's hard to say that this game is underappreciated. Collecting magical orbs, jumping on platforms, and pressing x like a monkey whenever you're in combat just isn't that stimulating, or maybe I'm just too old. Despite everything wrong with it, I can't articulate why I still enjoyed it. It had a nebulous quality that made it fun to play and want to see through to the end; might have been my nostalgia for older action games. It wasn't bad, and I don't regret playing it, but if you're looking for something amazing, you can do better."
76561198082070174,Recommended,245280,16820720,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Uncle Jack,this is a game witch provides you with action and fights while also puting your intelegence on a test to get furter in the game so i would say they balanced it very good in that way witch many games arent so i give them thumbs up for that but on the other hand is the story line not the best and the grahpics aint the best either but it will do to keep you satisfied
76561198085195733,Recommended,245280,16809285,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dave Gold,"After the debacle of arkham knight, i got a refund. this game ibought a week before on sale. Sceptical at first but my god was this a good game. the gameplay was good, story was good, u get attached to the character  quite fast, even pigsy...especially pigsy lol.the ending could be better i guess, a bit loger, a bit more sentimental... well the romantic in me was hoping that Trip and monkey would at least cuddle or whatever.all and all an awesome game especially when i got it on sale. 9 out of 10 would beat pigsy to the top again."
,Recommended,245280,16569648,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mister Friendly,"I haven't enjoyed a story-driven singleplayer game this much in a long time.I had never heard of this title before I bought it, but at the recommendation of a friend I decided it couldn't hurt to snag it on the Steam sale. Wow, was I impressed.The combat is pretty awesome (I really wish there were more like this) and the story is phenominal. The soundtrack and voice-overs are pretty good, and overall just a really great game.Also the main character pays homage to the legend of Wukong, so that's pretty sweet."
,Recommended,245280,16572899,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,T4l0n,Good story driven action game. The combat has not the depth of more famous hack and slash games but it works. The platforming section is almost exclusively scripted and the camera is semi static so it can become a problem sometimes. The art style is pretty good and so are the characters. It surely deserved more recognition.
76561198091866791,Recommended,245280,16661082,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,lugidalmerkia,"Nice visuals, excitings story, and gameplay."
76561198226784152,Recommended,245280,16372874,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sporonchulus,"Excellent game, worth the bucks spent."
76561197971194978,Not Recommended,245280,16390701,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Infearno666,This looks like it could be a pretty decent adventure game except for some iffy shadow striping which is retentively easy to fix and some over zealous camera work which isn't. It's a shame the camera and control are yanked away from you so often because otherwise I'd recomend this game.
,Not Recommended,245280,16401324,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Neometalero,"doesn't buy this game no matter the price. I't doesnt work properly, sometime dont load, and sometime the save data is just erased and you need to start all over again. its a shame because the game itself is great, but not this port. Just play it on PS or Xbox"
76561197993157082,Recommended,245280,16405972,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,aichouse,Fun play and great story.
,Recommended,245280,16409838,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Randm,"The story is infuriating as the main character makes decisions that I can't possibly see making sense. And the combos and gameplay are pretty mindless, but the game is pretty and you can turn your brain off to play it, making it a good relaxing game.Dont pay more than $7 for it though, it's not worth that much. Grab it on a steam sale."
76561198027999803,Recommended,245280,18649238,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Scarface,"Linear game pretty much on rails. Old looking graphics and with controls a little glitchy.But it does have an interesting story and one can get some enjoyement out of it.It is possible to get all achievements in a single playthrough. Most players however will play a playthrough on easy/normal to see how the game presents itself, another for achievements and maybe a last one on hard with all upgrades to squeeze a last breath of replayability from it. For the (Included) DLC, probably just one run or two. And thats is. Never to play it again.Still fun though and worth it if on a nice sale. 7/10"
76561198134173868,Recommended,245280,17868070,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Lee,Good 3rd person platformer
76561198130418557,Recommended,245280,17867092,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Afro_Samuria678,"ENSLAVED is a emotion affective game with passion and connetivity towards the character. This game you will witness a great journey and witness how their world has become and if they can change it for the better and, experiance the attachments you will have to the characters also, how they contribute the the journey.My opinion of this game if amazingly positive and one day i will play this again to experiance this jorney once more."
76561198042952607,Recommended,245280,18127746,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Irksomebutton21,"Bought The Game on sale for $2.99, sat at the Main Menu the whole time10/10 would waste $2.99 again"
,Recommended,245280,18137848,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SHIV,"Really enjoyable!Wasnt sure about the art style to begin with, it definetly grows on you tho.Story is charming and enjoyable, I cared enough to complete it through a couple of late nights."
76561197978365501,Recommended,245280,18621911,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Hells_ego,"Decent game to pick up especially if on sale. Lots of fun as well as being very simple. Some frusterating controls on PC as it was a port designed originally for console. Run time of around 10 or so hours, play it on Hard as it not that difficult of a game.Story and combat are the best parts of this game, I would have liked a more worked connection between the two and the ending could have added more but it finishes well as is. Art direction is also well done if dated at this point.I heard sequel was canceled due to poor sales originally so buy it here and who knows down the road."
,Recommended,245280,12424176,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Gertwor,It was a very fun 8 hours :) . Sometimes cliche but mostly fun
,Recommended,245280,12410796,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Saryn is Bae,"I love this game,its highly overlooked! I already finished the game when it came out on Xbox 360 and now im going for 2nd playtrough on PC. To be honest i was affraid that it will end up as bad console port but i was wrong.Game works perfectly,controlls are great and responsive,no framerate issues or anything. Its usual price is already very low and if you can get it on discounts (now as im writing this game is only 4.99e on steam) its a must have."
,Recommended,245280,12413501,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Alex,Stockholm Syndrome simulator 2013
,Recommended,245280,12418585,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Gridlock,"This game has an incredible storyline stunning visuals. Best played with controller, no questions asked there.I did feel it was quite short and the ending quite abrupt, but I would have loved to have seen more of what came after the end. Hopefully well see a sequel in the future. Worth the play and definitely worth the 5 bucks (2nd week of October 2014 sale).I sugest you play it, pretty much it."
,Recommended,245280,12419416,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Cattblue,"Having already writen a review, Read what others say about this game, Even better that its on sale, Buy it you won`t regret it !!!"
76561198064611072,Recommended,245280,12429313,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,james,What a great game.. First review I have written but its just amazing. Buy it..
,Recommended,245280,12436363,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,frosttin,"Awesome, action packed similar to God of War and Prince of Persia gameplay. I like the setting, the characters and the gameplay.I just started playing it today and I'm already Lovin' it :pleased:"
,Recommended,245280,11145172,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,AlexWrench,"Makes up for wimpy puzzles and a lack of combat variety with memorable characters, great writing, and good use of set pieces. The game doesn't outstay its welcome and in spite of its flaws it was clearly made with love.It's not a sequel, and there will never be a sequel. Don't expect too much and you'll enjoy it for what it is."
76561198053300285,Recommended,245280,11142351,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sr Silva,"História bacana... Gráficos show... Jogabilidade bem divertida. Lembrou um pouco Darksiders, só que mais curtinho."
,Recommended,245280,13767410,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tobi Le Lémurien,"Based on a Chinese Epic Story, many many scenes definitelity give us the feel of this being an Epic Odyssey (that one early in game on the side of a crashing ship! Beautiful)...Voice acting is superb (Andy Serkis!) and gameplay is fun (although the normal setting is pretty easy IMHO)Camera can be a horrid mess at times,Some glitches will have you throw your controller in frustration (screen freezing, voice off-set by a second or two in a few scenes, camera aimed at a wall when you are getting hit by three bots...)It IS FUN but I'd recomend to buy during Summer SaleAlso, play it on HARD MODE for a real challenge."
,Recommended,245280,23638514,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Lvchaos,A bit of Matrix philosophy with a touch of aesthetical and creative reinterpretation of the classic.
76561198077571130,Recommended,245280,23105291,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,leconv,"A very easy game to play for relaxation.  Graphics are very nice with a very lush post apocalyptic setting that will make lovers of scenary very happy.  The gameplay itself is uncomplicated, fast to grasp.  This might be a let down for some as most of the game, the parcour side, is telegraphed and leave no room for failure.  the combat, wile easy, give you enought options to not be a total bore.the strong point, beside an interesting story, is the evolution of the 2 protagonists' relation.This game is not for people who need a challenge.  but if you want a casual experience, this is it.  And if you manage to find it at less than 10$, it will be worth your money."
,Recommended,245280,23458684,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,WonderWhy,"I totally recommend this game! I didn't know much and bought it on sale. Worth every pennie!The only thing I wasn't thrilled about in the beginning was the controls/keybindings. In the upgrade section they don't clarify the keys (they only say ""to do this press B + X"" - those are for Xbox, for pc they meant E + F), and the controls seem a little floppy until you get the hang of it.Other than that, 5 stars! The story is so rich, the enviroment is beautiful, the fight is pretty good, it has good puzzles, it's honestly a really good game. Totally recommend! I'm sad it seems there won't be a sequel, 'cause I sure would pay to have it!"
76561198091113294,Recommended,245280,30774621,Posted: 27 March,all,TheBourneCorn,"Need controller. Quality game, lives up to the test of time in my opinion."
76561198005913092,Recommended,245280,23273671,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,wurstmeister,"The game left me feeling pretty good, like I had enjoyed myself through the journey.That's ultimately where my recommendation stems from.As I look back and wonder what makes it feel so good, there's really only one big reason: the actor Andy Serkis and his performance. Serkis plays the player character, lending both his voice and motions, and that really is what carries the game.Serkis made his character likable and got me engaged and invested, interested in what will happen to the character next. After my initial infatuation over the game's colourful appearance, clever premise and certain small, wonderful gameplay decisions, my feelings settled to be all about doing whatever busywork the game wanted me to do as fast as possible so I would get to the next good bit. Thankfully it's less tedious that it sounds. My experience boiled down to constantly looking forward to whatever event would be happening or encounter coming accross just around the corner. Anything that triggered dialogue, made the characters interact and Serkis do something entertaining was a joy. The story mostly progressed at a brisk enough pace to not let the cycle of anticipation, excitement and satisfaction completely settle down. Gameplay segments were - with a notable exception or two - short enough to not form a frustrating obstacle between the player and progression, even if a number of retries might have been required at times. They're largely just an inconvenient speedbumb.The game's not bad, it's well crafted and mostly has a ring of quality to it, but it's also not very bold. It's got the groundwork, but it does nothing with it. The premise of the player character being enslaved, after being set up as a cornerstone of the game in an initial cutscene, is left unused. The game starts soon feel monotonous and flavourless, spreading its content too thin for too long, but the small juicy bits of Serkis are sprinkled densely enough that I didn't feel like quitting before the end.In the end, the game's enjoyable but also forgettable. I had good time with it for a while, but after it was over and it was time to put it down, it didn't really leave me longing or thinking about it much afterwards.If you are in a position to pick between different platforms, a console version of this game might be a better bet. The PC port smells like it was done in a hurry with no budget. Prompts guiding which button to press next lie, the game crashed a few times, resolution is capped, pitiful number of settings and so on."
,Recommended,245280,23272058,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Joos,Pretty fun platforming/brawler with decent gameplay mechanics and fantastic design and artwork. Good for 10-12 hours for one playthrough.
,Recommended,245280,23427705,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,lillith_arianna,"I'm gonna be thinking about this game for a long time. For the record, I think she made the right choice at the end :)"
76561197990467016,Recommended,245280,7694619,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,KneeCompany,"The game itself is a very loose interpretation of the Journey to the West tale. You're Goku and Bulma has forced you into escorting her back to her dad's house.Combat in this game is a treat. Goku's Power Pole really feels like it has heft and density when you smack robots. You have lots of different buttons to press to perform different moves. The enemies themselves don't have much variety, but every one seems to have different attacking AI that really shines when you're fighting lots at once.On a similar note, the animations in here are beautiful. The world is unique as well, being post-apocalyptic but allowing nature to regain control over the ruins of metropolis.Collectaholics from the N64 days will find something to like here as well. Dragonballs strewn throughout the landscape can be used to upgrade Goku's abilities and equipment, and are also dropped from destroyed enemies.Some issues to keep in mind: Joystick controls are not tight like a Mario game. This can eventually become an annoyance during the many platforming sections and even sometimes in combat. Also, it's yet another console port with no intuitive display options. It takes some manipulation of an .ini file before things really get rolling visually.A few final notes: There's no challenge playing this on anything but Hard. Also, the game isn't especially long-- I've played about twelve hours at time-of-writing and have completed it, plus repeated stages several times over. Lastly, before this Premium Edition release, the preorder costumes had never been made available to everyone, so PC players once again are treated to something special.Having completed Enslaved three separate times (once on each available platform), I've come to really enjoy it for what it is. It's earned a 7 out of 10 from me this time. I'm reminded of a paraphrased opinion I read somewhere-- Where this game is unique, it's brilliant. Where it tries to fit in with other games, it's average.If you're still unsure, wait for a sale, but by the time you finish it you'll be another person saddened by the fact there will never be a sequel."
76561198010899517,Recommended,245280,23445346,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,A Kodiak Sloth,Another!
76561198041461815,Recommended,245280,23255669,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Bjola,"This is a tough one, but I'm going to recommend this game. The camera feels very clunky when it goes cinematic, the menus are an absolute nightmare with M&K, the movement controls are just OK, but the story, uniqueness, and overall gameplay were good. I really enjoyed playing this game. It was fun enough that I could comfortably overlook its flaws. Plus, the Pigsy DLC was awesome!"
,Recommended,245280,23211250,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,hellohuxley,"Recently finished this game and really loved it. That said, if you're more interested in combat, creative puzzles or platform challenges, this may not be for you. The game is heavily story-driven, and the gameplay can get boring pretty quick if you're not invested in the narrative. Also, I'd highly recommend using a gamepad controller. I started this game using mouse and keyboard, and abandoned it because it was so awful. Only when I gota  gamepad and tried it out again did I discover how much fun it could be. The ending was great, though rushed, and I would highly recommend the game to anyone who loves narrative-heavy games. 8/10"
76561198044421363,Recommended,245280,23414041,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ZIton,"If you're looking to play through a fun storry, you've found a good game for it. There is no really surprising twists that you never saw coming, but the characters are more likeable and believable than most. Actually the characters and their reaction to unfavorable situations are more believable than most action television shows and movies. Coming from a computer game, that's impressive."
76561197999281098,Recommended,245280,7994727,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,FndrStrat06,"It's a little short, but definitely worth the $20."
,Recommended,245280,8154166,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,simbosan,"Start with the negative, I always do that, probably make a dreadful PR person.There are two things about this game made me want to tear my hair out,1) the camera, the effing camera is deeply frustrating.  I should point out that it doesn't make the game hard to play, it just insists on which direction it wants to look and rubber bands back.  Why can't I just look around?  I hated it.2) The controls are glitchy, sometimes you have hit the right key/button but nothing happens until 3 or 4 tries, you have the right combo, but it just ignores you, sometimes you were just a millimeter out of where it expected you.  Doesn't happen that much but enough to bring out some choice language at times.One minor gripe:  Too short, way too short, this was mainly a problem because I didn't want this great game to end.Everything else is just top notch:1) The acting, the characters, the voice over, the script are simply wonderful.  The characters are engaging, sympathetic, funny when called for.  This is video game acting at it's absolute peak, very few games meet this standard.   Play the game for this if nothing else.  If personality and charisma in characters are not a big thing for you well, one day you will grow into games like this =)2) It looks great, you may need to edit the ini to get your resolution, but there's loads of forum posts on this topic.  I didn't bother, still looks great3) The fighting is fun, shallow as a puddle, not very challenging, but big bashy sparking fun, the animations are awesome and there's a real gutsy pleasure in the take-downs.4) The story, while simple, is well written and well played.  The script is absolutely spot on, it never says too much, just enough.  Sometimes just a look is enough and the actors (seems appropriate to use that term rather than player character, the acting is that good) pull it off with skill and sensitivity.  Really impressive.TL;DR Buy it"
,Recommended,245280,7485112,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Thulsa790,"This is an amazing game, I really cannot recommend it enough"
76561198010738257,Recommended,245280,8365132,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,VertexJunkee,"The texture compression and limited visual effect on console really makes this game struggle to find its true potential. But, releasing it to PC made this game stands out among other triple A games. Visually astonishing ,amazing voice acting and brilliant storyline makes it one of the ""must play"" game on PC."
,Recommended,245280,8319231,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Christopher R,"While the gameplay is nothing to write home about (pretty standard for an action platformer), the environments are lush and detailed, the large scale boss battles are epic, and the story and characters are very engaging!"
76561198032819570,Recommended,245280,8245744,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BENIS :D :D :D,"10/10 should have been ported years ago. Graphics are way too good for it to not have been.Awesome story/gameplay . ""Post-Post Apocalyptic"" setting. Genuinely one of my favorite games. Not noticing bugs like in the ps3 version either"
,Recommended,245280,14002356,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dan,"Enjoyed the game, very nice visually. There were some issues with the graphics in places were it briefly froze up but this was quite a rare thing to happen. I played with mouse and keyboard and the controls were a little hard to figure out for some of the skills you learn.On the whole a challenging little game that I would recommend."
76561198029635361,Recommended,245280,15540297,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Naps,"Very beautiful and enjoyable game if you can get over the slugginsh controls. The DLC, hidden in the 'Extras' menu, adds a short side story with more stealth-oriented gameplay and jazzy atmosphere."
,Recommended,245280,15587148,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,karlrobertuk,"If you want a platform adventure, wiith a little bit of combat, this is the game for you..."
76561198120412318,Recommended,245280,14996564,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Fuck me,its a good game and has a good story to it i know a review should have more detail but im a man of few words so to say the least this game is good but there are some glitches in it youll see what i mean when you play it some good some not so much
,Recommended,245280,14984503,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,kuncendorfs,"Game: great - sci-fi Devil May Cry with story by Alex Garland (Sunshine, Beach, 28 Days Later, Dredd)Port: so-so - lack of configuration options / problems with Alt+Tab / unoptimized for PC (needs fast machine)Verdict: get it on 75% sale"
76561197976014259,Recommended,245280,14976274,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Captian Fluffypants,Took my 7 hours to play thru.  It was very entertaining but only becouse fo the back and forth between the characters.  The game play is not terrible but it isn't anything to right home about.  My suggestion is buy this game when its $10 or under and play it in a mind set were loose controls wont bother you but you can still enjoy good back and forth.
76561198073841664,Not Recommended,245280,15441491,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,gonzo191,"I wanted to play this game, since I'd heard about it years ago when it first came out on consoles. Years later, it's on PC and I thought ""Well I gotta buy it and play it now"". Having bought and played the game I find it unremarkable in many ways and infuriating in others.Pros:- Graphics are beautiful, not 100% outstanding but beautiful nonetheless.- Excellent atmosphere, sci-fi post apocalyptic setting with a likeable main character.Cons:- The motherfncking camera. You will know no hate like the hate for the camera during combat.- The combat is either boring or frustrating or both. It's unimaginative and at times it even feels very laggy with its inputs.- The controls are somehow, for the most part responsive when in combat but terrible during the platforming sections.- Sometimes the game likes to restrict certain actions in certain zones of the given areas. For instance there are numerous sections where you can't run or roll and are forced to walk. This restriction is a major annoyance.- Inconsistent platforming boundaries where at times you can jump what seems like an enormous gap and other times you can't even jump down a ledge to the ground directly below you.- Powerful supporting characters in cutscenes only, during gameplay though they suck. I'm looking at you Pigsy, who one shots some robots in cutscenes but during gameplay he misses constantly.Limitations:- The story is slightly uninteresting with an inconsistent tone throughout.- The headband feature, in early game makes sense but in late game makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. I understand why it's there in the early game as it forces Monkey into helping Trip return to her home. Having this feature in late game absolutely makes no sense as she'd gained Monkey's trust by then. This feature should've been gradually lessened to the point of non-existence by the end of the game.- Uncalled for or crude jokes left me scoffing at the inclusion of them.Verdict:Now I'll say this it's not a bad game in any way, shape or form but it's highly unremarkable and non-memorable. It has an inconsistent tone throughout the entire game which undermines the story it's trying to tell. It loves to disable certain actions until specific areas which can lead to frustration. The story has so many unexplained events for my tastes. I often hear that it's underrated but I found it a tad mediocre, fun at times frustrating at other but mediocre throughout."
76561198004426472,Recommended,245280,15493337,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Richard Parker,"I beat this a long time ago on X-Box 360, it's a great post apoc. The decaying New York City was handled beautifully and in surpisingly realistic fashion. The combant was viceral and intense, never letting up.  The flaw for this game was the fact that it's two greatest aspects worked against eachother. You couldn't enjoy the environments because you were getting attacked all the time, and you wanted to enjoy the fights, but you really wanted to see the environments.  It's also difficult to find a central theme to the story, the plot really comes down to a sequence of events that portray this spectacular world.  The difficulty level leans to the higher side and tends to favor stealth over combat. Throw in some rudimentary puzzles and two origional, flawed, deep, but ultimately unlovable characters and you have a game worth $20."
76561198039263346,Recommended,245280,15678794,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CHROME_BUDDHA,"This is a fantastic game, the graphics are great and I was turned onto it by Jim Sterling otherwise I would have passed it by.Great game, highly reccomended."
,Recommended,245280,14456221,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,JHC,Andy Serkis's vacation album.10/10
,Recommended,245280,9198877,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Djent Maven,PC version eliminates frame rate issues that plagued the consoles. Great story with decent combat and amazing music. It will take some customizing on the .ini file to get it looking great but it is definitely worth it.
,Recommended,245280,16081503,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,TayTizz,Under rated.
76561197970565267,Recommended,245280,15863770,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kaun,Its not bad.Story is what kept me playing.  The game play got old after about an hour of the same same.Got 5 or 6 hours out of the game though.I would say its worth $10Its a shame that Sandy didn't make an appearance though.6.5/10
76561198080714597,Recommended,245280,15640258,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Mother Confessor,I absolutely love this game!I am such a huge fan of games with storylines and cutscenes.This game has such a memorable story and amazing characters.Some parts can be quite complicated but it just makes you all the more determined to conquer those parts.The graphics are so unique and the surroundings are unlike anything I've seen in a video game.Anyone that likes games with storylines will enjoy playing this game.
,Recommended,245280,7490877,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,ButterflyRocket,"Awesome story (on Normal) !!! Jumping puzzle fans might like this. Base game looks to be about 15 hours of gameplay, more if you go for 100%."
76561198023808792,Recommended,245280,13485036,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,ButtKraken,"While it doesn't bring anything new to the action adventure genre, this game is fun to play through nonetheless.-The story is the perfect mix of sadness and humor, but it does suffer from being a bit predictable. This game has character! All 3 characters that you meet in the game have awesome chemistry and their interactions cover the full range of emotions.-The port over from Xbox hasn't been kind to the game. The in-game tutorials tell you which Xbox button to press instead of which button on the keyboard, and if you're not playing the game in widescreen the visuals are messed up. I got around this by simply plugging in my Xbox 360 controller and reducing my resolution.-The visuals are great. In particular, the facial animations are an absolute joy to watch.I definitely recommend you pick this up when it's on sale if you enjoy a good action adventure game, you have a wired Xbox 360 controller, and are willing to play in widescreen."
,Recommended,245280,13482267,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FChuck,The game is called Enslaved and your players name is 'Monkey' being ordered around by a self entiled hot chick with the power to inflict pain on you.......Great game!!!! 11/10Spoilers!!!!1!A monkey also gives an old fashioned to a pig.
76561198107377349,Recommended,245280,13467226,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,taygar24,Cameras weird but its a good game so far
76561198020844803,Recommended,245280,13350168,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Xuxa,"I bought this game on a sale and I don't regret it. I just finished the campaign and my only complain is that is too short. After only 6 hours of gameplay I can say that this game has a lot of potential. The few characters that are in it are well written and memorable. The relationship between the two main characters is adorable and the story is really nice.The gameplay has a few bumps, especially the camera, but it's really fun.8.0/10"
,Recommended,245280,13794242,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,{JSA}OFFICERMARIO,It is a shame that this game has gone unnoticed by most.
,Recommended,245280,11196163,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,"Nothing new, but a fun game with decent characters."
76561198036939072,Recommended,245280,11214981,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,madamenoir,"Well, it just took me some time till i decided to buy this game. I should have bought it a loooooooong time ago!The Setting is great, the gameplay is great and i can't stop playing!What more to say ;)"
76561197970002435,Recommended,245280,11278646,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,samhickman,Seems to be extremely underrated.
76561197978035960,Recommended,245280,11338489,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,kweeks1,"Great game especially since I got in on Steam during the big summer sale. The acting is great and has some great humor in it. Most of the combat is fairly challenging and the animation is top notch. The only problem that I had is the game console to PC control porting it’s not a very good job. There are times you hit “D” to go right it goes forward depending on which way your character is facing. The camera angles very odd also and swing in every direction and at times you can’t really tell in which way you’re going because that side is out of view, so there are time you have to do a  W, A, S, D in a circle to tell which way you’re going."
,Recommended,245280,11207886,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Kraehe,Secret tip 4 everyone searching for a story driven action adventure!
,Recommended,245280,11155901,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,@MartinNLS,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West hit consoles in 2010 and while many critics praised it, few bought it. Those that did sang its priases but the game ended up being a huge commerical flop. This was a game with some notable names involved from a studio which had disappointed many with their sophomore release, the PS3-exclusive Heavenly Sword. Alex Garland, who had previously written Heavenly Sword and was also has a varied film career writing the likes of Dredd and 28 Days Later, was joined by Andy Serkis who was coming off his amazing mo-cap performances as Gollum in the Lord of the Rings trilogy.Based on the legendary Chinese novel Journey to the West we play as Monkey, a grizzled but powerful man with a shadowy past but with tremendous agility and combat ability. He awakes on-board a slave ship where prisoners are being taken to a mysterious place known as The Pyramid where they are placed under the control of ancient machines that had rendered Earth a desert wasteland. The ship crashes however, allowing Monkey to escape along with a young women named Trip. Fearful of what this man might be capable of but still needing his help Trip fits Monkey with one of the devices that the slaves on-board the ship had so that she can prevent him from hurting her and force him to help her get home.What follows is a lot of Prince of Persia/Uncharted-esque platforming with puzzles, a lot of hand to hand combat and the occasional bit of third person perspective shooting. While these styles of play were already well-worn in video games and some might find the gameplay a tad repetitive this game has some truly special things going for it.First off, the story is excellent. Monkey and Trip both grow as characters, warming to each other and becoming friends. Their odyssey is an interesting one which while not featuring many other characters always keeps the player aware of the stakes, helped enormously by great voice acting from Serkis and Lindsey Shaw.Graphically, this game still looks great four years later. I am not too sure just how much upgrading was done for the PC version but it looks great in no small part due to the excellent art design. The main characters are realistic and every aspect of this game has been tuned to perfection. I took more screenshots of my PC playthrough than I have any other game I've bought on Steam and that's because this game is GORGEOUS to look at. A four year old game with great art will always beat a 2014 game that's the same dingy browns and greys that many ""blockbuster"" titles serve up today. To further assist the great story is the cut scenes feature absolutely superb facial expressions and reactions. Quantic Dream may brag about how realistic their characters look but Enslaved features scenes where such grief is communicated just by looks and expressions between characters, it's heart rending and amazingly impressive.Between the fantastic performances, a compelling story and a beautifully crafted look and feel to the game, I can't recommend this highly enough. Not to mention the inclusion of an active and non-annoying companion character show Enslaved was truly ahead of its time especially after the praise that Bioshock Infintie and The Last of Us would be praised for doing similar in 2013. It is funny to see features that other developers would tout years later that Ninja Theory acheived here. This might truly be the most overlooked game of the last console generation and even though Namco nixed a sequel after poor sales the game lives on with the fans. Playing Ninja Theory's Devil May Cry suggests that they have not forgotten either as little visual touches, not to mention a painstaking attention to detail, reminded me of Enslaved as I played through DmC.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anybody looking for a good story, strong voice acting, and a sense of style and artistic creativity you just don't see very often in mainstream games these days."
76561198031460421,Recommended,245280,11161495,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,lanceb,"Great game, good story, and generally one of the better surprises in the past few years.  Mechanics similar to the Darksiders games though with less puzzles.  One word of warning though remapping the keys breaks the game. You will need to use Autohotkey or a similar program to remap the keys if you want to play without the default config, or you could use a controller.  Game is worth it regardless of the clumsy port with the controls."
76561198037950944,Recommended,245280,12135375,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Akureim,Amazing game  fun and funny and well done.
,Recommended,245280,7496534,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,phinnaeus,"I like this game a lot. I has an old-school feel to it -- its simple in all the right ways. The character modeling, and voice/motion acting are really top rate. The gameplay and storytelling reminds me a lot of Prince of Persia (2008) which I loved."
76561197994868776,Recommended,245280,12401695,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Diom,A small bit linear but a good story in a fantastically realised setting.
76561198020913296,Recommended,245280,12392387,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,slowmodon,"9.5/10As a third person action game, you need a controller. Without a controller it can be frustrating. But if you have one...This game is a masterpiece. Why? Because it has a great story to tell, one of the bests. It has nice gameplay (with a controller of course). Visually it's gorgeus. Lead characters; Monkey, Trip and Piggy cannot be forgotten for very long time. In short terms, it is a blast, a game that everyone should play. Story and gameplay is awesomely mixed, every second of the game has something to do or tell. You cannot be bored.Doesn't this game have a flaw? Yes, it does; camera. It can be frustrating at sometimes but it doesn't affect negatively overal score.It is a must-buy game!"
,Recommended,245280,12395913,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Hethos,"Graphics are nice, it runs smooth, good original story, and can be occasionally challenging.  This game is great fun, buy it."
,Recommended,245280,12442835,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,JicMyMic,This game is beautiful i would recomend it to anyone
,Recommended,245280,12443847,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,MrZeebub,This game is rad.  Looks gorgeous.  Great story.  Fun gameplay.  High production value.  No regrets whatsoever.  Play it.
,Recommended,245280,12533124,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,craig1978,"One of my favorite games, I also own this on Xbox 360.  If you have never played this game, you are missing out."
76561198033897051,Recommended,245280,12575132,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,vandeever,"Simple story but gripping and very well executed. The post apocalyptic scenery is just fantastic.Camera is sometimes locked or uncooperative, but got used to it. Otherwise mouse and keyboard worked just fine.I rarely give a game a second playthrough or a review, and this is one of them."
76561198006562154,Recommended,245280,12575540,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,space,"Short but Sweet, The Perfect 10 dlc thing is better then the main game Imo. Also make sure to go into extras to get sexy robot Trip."
,Recommended,245280,12932622,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,jerrogs@thegeekbrew.com,AWESOME GAME!
,Recommended,245280,12932983,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Krimika,It's good.
,Recommended,245280,12933459,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Elesine,"Wow only on chapter 5 and I'm extremely satisfied. A linear game that offers great characters, amazing scenery, and a whole lot more. It feels like I am Goku from the Dragonball series (play it and you'll see why).**I have only played 2hours so far so my review is solely based off of what I have seen so far**8/10 Graphics 10/10 Artistic styleGameplay is simplistic and the ""boss""(unsure if there are more boss battles or if there just stronger enemies) battles are strategic, makes me feel like I'm playing a classic PS2 game eg. Ratchet and Clank, Jak and Daxter etc. On occasion you can get slighty stuck on a peice of the environment causing you to take unnessessary damage. The fighting is alot of fun, smashing enemies around with your pole. It's not so easy that you can just mash, enemies do block so you have to be stategic about when you attack, aswell as having to dodge the enemies attacks. 9/10 Gameplay 8/10 FightingStory is somewhat cliche but still enjoyable and the chemistry between the two characters draws you in. 8.5/10 Story 9/10 CharactersThe graphics arent amazing but the game is still very good looking. The atmosphere is interesting, doesn't always feel like a post apocalyptic world with the vibrant colors, but the ruins of buildings and roads makes it feel like it. 7.5/10 Atmosphere 8/10 Graphics 10/10 Artistic styleFINAL THOUGHTS: If you're looking for a nice game with good story and enjoyable characters pick up this game!"
76561198040876133,Recommended,245280,12934366,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Byrkmire,"Absolutely wonderful game. It takes a lot to get me to stick with a game, but this one had me glued to it so much I finished it in a single sitting. The character developement was, in my opinion, very well done. The gameplay COULD have been done a bit better, but it's not that bad. The scenery was beautifully breathtaking, from New York, the the mountains, to a rusty old factory it was very addicting to look at (so was Trips behind). My only realy complaint is I just don't feel satisfied with the relationship between Monkey and Trip, and I know I'm not the only one who wanted to see them grow romantically. I am greatly saddened when I looked up to see if there ever would be a sequel and learned they would not be making one, due to the fact this game just didn't sell, and I'm really surprised it didn't. Overall I really enjoyed this game and I crave more, but there is none left for me to experience, save the thought of Monkey finally making a move on Trip. All in all, it's in my top 10 favorite games and I VERY highly suggest buying this game, it would be a crime not too."
,Recommended,245280,12937395,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,S3R10US LEE,I really enjoyed this game was very fun the jumping an the fliping an running an the cloud thing was tight the only dissapointment was the ending i waited like 12 hours lol to complete the entire game only for monkey to not kiss trip WTH i guess cause im a girl thats important to me lol but all in all great game play good job
,Recommended,245280,12922461,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SaSSolino,"the porting sucks and the game is really short, but I really liked the story, the enviroment and all the protagonists. the game is also really fun so is fully worth the price."
76561198004218309,Recommended,245280,12938247,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,StarSepp,"Well, this is one of the best games i played lately. A cool storyline, funny characters, mechs, nice girl, and a Pig!!If you like single-player adventure games, this one's for you!"
,Recommended,245280,12923376,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Riley,"Gameplay is mix of climbing and combat, nothing too special there, but graphics are seriously pretty to the point that I finished the entire game on console despite terrible framerates (which is REALLY impressive from me). Finished a second playthough on the PC now, lovely buttery smooth there."
76561198047028276,Recommended,245280,12924935,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,MoStyles,This is such a beautiful and overlooked game. The Audio in surround is great as well. Plays well with medium hardware. Highly recommend!
76561197967282234,Recommended,245280,12926515,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Eagle,"Ok. I have to agree with so many others. This game has great visuals and a really cool story line. Get it quick for $5.00! Best $5.00 I've spent in awhile. (Personally, I think it's worth $19.95, too!The controls took a little while to get used to. There is a tendancy from other games I've played to keep trying to look in certain directions. This game wants you to see things from the perspective they place on you. I mean, sometimes when you are running in a direction, the point of view will suddenly change, which can be momentarily disorienting.I loved the game. I was sick this week and this helped me get through."
76561198036054766,Recommended,245280,12926666,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,PieBOT,"Buy it, this game is so good"
,Recommended,245280,12917342,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,[FAR-Q],"Only just started playing this but what a missed gem of a game. Love the pace, action and story line. Also approach of gamplay is rather refreshing with great visuals to boot. Ok, it's a console port and is far from perfect on the PC, but it's nothing a few teaks to the 'ini' file cannot iron out and therefore easily overlooked. It's a steal at this price and highly recommended!"
76561197997114254,Recommended,245280,12931734,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gand Alf,"I was worried the combat would get repetitive, but the slow introduction of new units to kill has kept it interesting. The climbing is extremely simple thus far, with very little challenge as far as that goes. I'm only on Chapter 8, so I probably have a good deal of game left, but for the $5 I paid it's been worth it."
76561198033163759,Recommended,245280,12938880,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,crazy4designs,EPIC
,Recommended,245280,12939061,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Noctus,"A good game. The story is pretty interesting and the characters are memorable. The world is visually attractive. The gameplay reminds me of a cross between Uncharted, meets God of War, meets the Last of Us, with a fairly timing oriented hack and slash melee combat. The climbing mechanics look almost identical to an Uncharted game, which is a good thing in my opinion. You have an upgrade system which adds a little more replayability to the game. The premium edition comes with a whole seperate story-line with completely different game mechanics to really change things up as well as some unlockable buffs to the main story.My biggest issue with the game, would be that the controls don't seem very optimized for mouse and keyboard. They're perfectly functional as I played the entire game using only the mouse and keyboard, however the mouse acceleration is a little funky and the some of the game's context menus on give button combinations in terms of an Xbox controller rather than mouse and keyboard. If you're ok with using a controller, then you'll have no complaints however. The camera angles were the second biggest issue, with some scene forcing you into somewhat awkward camera angles which could make doing certai nthings difficult. 95% of the game however, most of the camera angles were fine in my opinion."
76561198010540673,Recommended,245280,12809020,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,JackK3000,"Really great piece of ""Monkey's King"" alternative path. Very good level design, characters are funny and believable, also the bigger fights doesn't get you frustrated often. Oh, and the postapocalyptic world! It reminds me awesome piece from 2008 - Prince of Persia, which had (not only) carpets THIS THICK!I can tell you, it is worth the money.Yea, and do not forget on Pigsy's Perfect 10 Extra adventure! :)"
,Recommended,245280,12872762,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,aPieceofToast,"This game is a pretty interesting take on the old Chinese tale: Journey to the West. It takes quite a few liberties with the story but the adaptations and changes aren't bad in my opinion.Pros:-Great voice acting-Good Story Telling-Incredibly colorful and pretty environmentsCons-Combat is boring as heck-Story really drags on after a while-Platforming is really basicThis game's strength lies in its story telling ability....not its gameplay. It's competent in a lot of its core gameplays but I wouldn't describe the actual playing of the game as very fun. What IS entertaining is watching the characters interact and seeing the story progress. It eventually became a matter of springting through most of the level in order to see the next cutscene.Overall: 6/10 Not a waste of money, but definitely better to wait till it's on sale."
76561198006584991,Recommended,245280,12861863,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Pippin123,"While the game brings nothing really new to the genre, it succeeds at being fun and entertaining, which is the point after all.Combat is simple button mashing one on one, but things escalate quickly with multiple shielded enemies, requiring uses of CC moves and other unlockables.Well acted, fun characters and engrossing story (very loosely adaptated from the ""Journey to the West"" medieval Chinese novel, where there's muchless mechs ;-) and Tripitaka is a monk, not a hot redhead)."
,Recommended,245280,12670497,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Huskatron,Literally bought it after trying the demo (on Xbox 360).One of the most underrated games ever.Must buy tbh
76561198010924100,Recommended,245280,12830405,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Novocaine Beats,"So i finished the game a few minutes ago and ive gotta say i was relatively impressed. not the greatetst console port ever made but it definitely was worth the 5 bucks i paid for it.Pros- great graphics-good gameplay , doesnt feel stale and nasty after sitting at it for an hour or so.- OK story, wasnt super awesome, but that may have to do with the act that i generally pla vdeo games with hte sound off so i cna watch tv shows. this game had teh sound of fringe going to it.-free running is always awesome-Awesome homage to an awesome tv show, even if it has been done eredone and reedone some more a million times. (Monkey if you didnt know)-some hilarious dialogue between monkey and pigsy. ""get your hadn off my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; alawys wins a few laughs (no sound but always play with subtitles)Cons-Crazy short. way too short. even the DLC (which comes for free with the game was super short)-horrifying camera angles- No Sandy (pls let me know if there is somethign i missed)- ending was super lameSPOILER!!kill giant scorpion and find out you acutaully are teh bad guy, credits.All in all a very decent game, very pretty and good gameplay.7.7/10"
,Recommended,245280,12917692,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,danushok,"This is a good game, good story...  If you like 3d person action, this one is for you."
76561197992487076,Recommended,245280,12919436,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,mad0maxx,Xbox 360 Controller RECOMMENDED Prior to playing! Highly recommend this game for a truely engaging storyline! Also do not forget to play the Extra game in the Extra menu!
76561198018198137,Recommended,245280,12920676,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,sk1dmarkz,"Joel and Ellie. Booker and Elizabeth. Before either, there was Monkey and Trip. They did it first, and they did it best. Great game, deserved much more attention than it got. 10/10 would Enslave again."
76561198039602326,Recommended,245280,12920798,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Woods Of Ypres,a very overlooked game i would highly suggest to anyone who is looking for a great game to play an amazing soundtrack and gameplay
,Recommended,245280,12921304,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,DragonFax,A little buggy. Doesn't perform as well. Clearly a console port. But still a great game with a great story. Play it with a controller.
,Recommended,245280,12921889,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Retorrent,"What can I say? This is one of those games that somehow slipped between the cracks and fell into obscurity . The main story is based on a Chinese tale and retold in a post apocalyptic setting the characters and setting are well done, not your typical brown and grey world most games of this type are set in, this one has life, you see nature retaking the world man has left behind.The game is not without its issues though, the main one being the camera has a bad habit of not being in the best spot with no way to adjust it can become a pain. Its a minor gripe in my book but not one that was game breaking. Combat can be a bit repetitive but not to the point where it bothered me much, the interesting story is what hooked me in and kept me playing. For the regular price its worth the buy, but if you can catch it on sale its even better."
76561198043378116,Recommended,245280,12922159,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,sewelly,yeah
76561198066352917,Recommended,245280,12907866,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Mr_PO,Hours of gameplay for only $5.. and had alot of fun with the game
76561198059023272,Recommended,245280,12910973,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Knopey,"Not far into the game yet but I love how it's set up. You have to get used to controls but once you do, it's much fun. The game is based on a Chinese novel (which I haven't read yet). Maybe that's the reason why the world simply works out great. But maybe it's also the lovely made characters or the beautiful and dynamic (stress is on dynamic) level design. It's a shame it took me four years to notice the game at all!"
,Recommended,245280,12912190,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Llamabooty,
,Recommended,245280,12891494,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KingJak,"This is an underrated fun little gemEverything is good, especially the ambientation and the combati really recommend to buy this, especially when it's on sale.Also, the port is pretty good, not many graphical options but still it looks good and runs smoothly"
,Recommended,245280,12892568,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Black Sunshine,"This game is AWESOME! A great adaptation based on the book 'Journey to the West'. Great Characters and development. It was a shame that this game really didn't get the notice or the props it deserved. It is one of the most wonderful stories told in computer games.The tale of Trip and Monkey takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where they must escape to Trip’s home. Bound together they must learn to survive each other and with each other as they cannot survive alone. Traversing the environment is a mix of puzzle and platforming that requires the pair to work together or die.Right NOW it's $5. $5 fracking dollars! Do yourself a favor and get it. Beautiful, thoughtful and full of personality and fun, this game is most definitely in my top 10 Favorite games of all time."
76561198039851803,Recommended,245280,12894114,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,stevo69,game is brill easy control and a joy to play will have hours of good gameplay
,Recommended,245280,12894303,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[MAW] Twelvin,"Was not disappointed in the quality of this game. There are a couple of things I could have done without. A little bit of game hand-holding happens to make things a little bit easier, but does provide a fair amount of challenge and entertaining progress."
76561198019842032,Recommended,245280,12894694,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Madao,A wonderfull and still good looking game. Mostly underrated. Its not Perfect but its still a good game and not a waste of a few bucks.
,Recommended,245280,14045570,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,NoiseGrinder,"猪八戒的DLC很不错，原版孙悟空游戏很一般。Up for the Pigsy DLC, down for the original."
,Recommended,245280,7477764,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,AaRoZ EzIo,"Everyone interested in the 'Journey To The West"" adaptation to video game but with a twist should buy and play this amazing new IP(not so) from Namco. Story, graphic,  and audio cues are among the best production to date for this kind of action adventure genre"
,Recommended,245280,13573396,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ocab19,"It's an Xbox port, and it's a bad port. The controls are confusing and some suggestions appear telling you how to play on your controller (wtf, this is a keyboard, there's no joystick here).Apart from that it's a pretty good game, with a good story and great voice acting (Andy Serkis plays the main character, and that's enough to convince me). The levels are maybe too linear, but still enjoyable enough to make a good game."
,Recommended,245280,13641486,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sparcer,surprisingly a good game
,Not Recommended,245280,13002105,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,KrazyTech,"Basically marriage. Manuevering and jumping through terrain isn't fluid at all, and the camera control is awful. The storyline doesn't really make up for these flaws. Overall it was enjoyable, but not worth it."
,Recommended,245280,13651471,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zirconius,"you can change the ini files to make monkey run/jump/etc super fast69/10 it was meh -ignBut in all seriousness, this game is great. Like uncharted but you're a Sun Wukong-type dude jumping around post-apocalyptic New York. My only issue with it is you have to mess with the settings for a bit to get it not to freeze constantly."
76561198055537710,Recommended,245280,13656298,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,HilariousMocha9,excellent story and action
76561197984400764,Recommended,245280,13657939,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pow-Wow,Would bang Trip/10.
76561198099742160,Recommended,245280,13658563,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,VoidWalker,Surfing on cloud at 1080p60 in a beautiful world with hot companion. 10/10
76561198135510102,Recommended,245280,13072712,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MrVaderMan,"Strongly recommended! Tha game is far from perfect but the good overweighs the bad by a long shot.Most notably it has a very charming story with a great ending and stunning art direction. I won't go into detail but it's basically the story of a boy and a girl who are forced to travel together. They are initially not very friendly to one another but their relationship develops along the way. I know it sounds like a cliche but it's done really well here. There's also a really strong and humorous supporting character who you meet later on. The game takes place in a post-apocalyptic future but instead of beeing dark and depressing it's full of lush greenery and beautiful seneries. It's trully a gorgeous game.Gameplaywise it's more of okayish. The combat can be entertaining but it's pretty basic. There aren't a lot of moves and combos to keep it varied and the camera is not perfect during a fight. Bosses, on the other hand, are a lot of fun and some of them include chase scenes. These have you using a hoverboard mechanic which works quite well.The problem with the platforming is that it's very rigid and linear and it feels like you're moving on rails. The game will simply not allow you to make a jump if you're not standing exactly where it wants you to stand. At some points I thought I had gone the wrong way because of this. Linearity is not necessarily a bad thing but in this case they definitely overdid it.That said, the movements of your character are very acrobatic and well animated and it's a joy to watch him climb. And since it's practically impossible to screw up you can just point at the general direction you want to jump, tap the button rhythmically, sit back and enjoy show. It can be quite satisfying actually.There's also a number of environmental puzzels. These are not too difficult but they are difficult enough to make you think. I found them fairly interesting and enjoyable. No complaints here.NB I should mention that the game is one of these straight sonsole ports. The customization options are very limited. There are only three graphics options - low, med and high - that's all. Also it doesn't seem to be optimized very well. I had serious frame rate issues. My laptop specs are: Intel I593230M @2.60 GHz, GT635m 2GB, 8GB of RAM, Win 7 64- bit. Nothing impressive by any means but I think it should be enough to run the game fluently at least on low settings. Instead during more intense sections it would fall to 23-24 or below on higher settings. I played with a gamepad so I can't comment on PC controls. You might consider getting the console version if you have the option but I've heard it has technical issues as well.So, like I said, the game deffinitely has problems but the good stuff more than makes up for them. You shoud play this game!"
,Recommended,245280,13073558,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,CWKnight,"Put simply, this is the Beyond Good and Evil of the current generation of games; it's a mindblowingly excellent game that no one played. Everything about this game, except for a couple of bugs that made revert to the last checkpoint, is top notch. The first twenty minutes has more character and charm than many other games, and the game keeps up this quality level throughout. Play this game, it really is worth it."
76561198070987572,Recommended,245280,12999783,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jake Frewrednav,"This game was fantastic. The story was brilliant, cutscenes wonderful.It is pretty short, but worth it. I bought it on sale, so it was definitely so.Gameplay was pretty linear. Very point A to point B, get this to do that... but still. Good story!I found the end to be a little anti-climatic... they didn't really solve some things. But it was wonderful nonetheless!"
,Recommended,245280,13001113,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,meggoffs,"The port from Playstation to PC is a little clunky, but worth soldiering through. If you can handle what the camera tries to do while you play you will find a compelling story, interesting, well-voiced characters and beautiful environments. In my opinion it's wholly under appreciated and absolutely worth a play through."
76561198008195858,Recommended,245280,13001230,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,"Shark-senpai, 100% Anime Trash","I had never heard of this game before I recently saw it on sale for $5. It seemed to have a generally warm reception and looked fun enough, so I picked it up. Turns out, I didn't regret it.I liked the developing dynamic between Trip and Monkey. She can be a tad annoying at times, always asking you for help to cross a gap, but it didn't bother me too terribly much. Andy Serkis is great at being grumpy as Monkey. Dialog is actually not bad between the two characters, and some moments between the two really felt genuine.Gameplay-wise, I had a lot of fun. Monkey is a beast in combat, with a number of upgrades to add more moves to your arsenal like counters, etc. The camera can tend to be a bit wonky at times, but I, personally, only had minimal trouble with it in actual combat. The climbing controls felt pretty good, as you could just leap to the next handhold in the middle of leaping to the current one, so it felt smooth...didn't have to wait for his mounting animation to finish on horizontal poles, etc. The enemies are varied enough to keep things interesting at any given moment; some will have shields, some are ranged, some stun you...each of which you have to take a bit different approach to get them vulnerable.The story length and pace feel right; not too much sidetracking. Took me about 6 total hours to beat the first time. I did feel that the end of the game was a bit abrupt, and not showing what happens after the fact (furiously trying to avoid spoilers) was a bit disappointing, but I still liked it well enough. The climactic fight was well done in making you feel that it was the end...epic and all that.Overall, I do recommend this game. I've seen worse PC ports of console games, and I really did enjoy myself playing it. I give it a score of 8/10"
76561198064362030,Recommended,245280,13004814,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,︻デ┳ー' 亗ΞΔÐکիØ†,"Finished Enslaved today, Nov 19th, 2014, and I will tell you.   This game had moments where it frustrated the heck out of me.  Not due to anything other then simple mechanics of the game that took me awhile to get use to.   That's not to say the game was difficult, but my only play through was on the hardest setting and i had moments where i definately wish i would have chosen an easier setting.   Now that im done ♥♥♥♥♥ing... ""The game.""  The game was fantastic, a real action filled adventure that never bored me for a second.   Great story, beautiful scenes, landscapes and maps, just purely enjoyable.   It was such a good game it almost shamed me that I only became interested when it was on sale.   One of those games that didn't catch the attention it merits.   If you are on the fence with this title, don't be.   Its worthy of its sleeper hit title.  A true masterpiece.  Get it!"
,Recommended,245280,13035519,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Luxab,"TL;DR: This game is really cool and you smash giant robots and stuff.I bought this game without high expectations to be honest, it was an impulse buy because I was tired of playing CS:GO on the same maps over and over again. It was a really refreshing and fun experience. The gameplay isn't anything really new or exciting, but the story and scenery make up for it. I have always liked post-apocalyptic themes, and this game really gets it right. Some people have complained about it's last-generation graphics, but for me it didn't really have a factor in how cool the setting is. I didn't actually realize that the graphics were outdated until someone pointed it out in the community hub. I was interested through the entire game, and there are several really exciting boss battles. I felt like a total badass destroying gigantic war mechs with just a staff. Nobody I know has played, or even heard of this game, which is kind of sad considering the high quality of it. It took my 7 hours to complete the game. I played with controller, I didn't try keyboard/mouse controls. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,245280,12989307,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Böhr Himself,"Really fun game! Great acting and storytelling, fun combat, and totally beautiful artwork and world design. As a console port, it certainly has its share of technical problems. For example, I had lots of trouble changing the controls - but this was solved with the use of Autohotkey applied to the default keybindings."
76561198006625246,Recommended,245280,12996177,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Jumpingbea,"Pros:Good interactions between the characters drive the game.Fun (albeit repetitive) combat.Interesting world.Cons:Not overly original.Kinda sucks if you don't have a controller.As before mentioned, the combat can get a little repetitive.Conclusion:Good action/adventure game, I would recommend picking this up on sale."
,Recommended,245280,13029349,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,vegatr0n,"I really liked this game , the story is great the characters are amazing .لعبة حلوة وقصة ممتعة والشخصيات رائعة"
76561198044152769,Recommended,245280,13030005,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cain,"holy crap what a great game, i really can't understand why it didn't make much sucess, i really can't.one of the best 3d adventure game i have ever played.you won't regret buying this gamepros-fantastic animations-one of the best facial animations ever made that really convey what the caracter is feeling or thinking, Andy Serkis  really is the best-one of the best designs i have ever seen in a game, the pos apocalyptical new york is astonishing- a great and immersive story-charismatic characters and fantasic voice-over- good gameplay-the lenght feels just rightCons-while the gameplay is good, it can sometimes be repetitive-can glitch sometimes forcing you to restart on the last checkpoint, its pretty rare and not that much annoying.- minor screen tearing on my rig even with vsync on, barely noticible anyway."
76561198022080369,Recommended,245280,13061439,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Daemonkin,"A lot of people are complaining about the camera or movement controls, it's really not a problem so long as you don't fight the game. The story is pretty cool, the characters are pretty cool, the levels are pretty cool. It's a shame this game was pretty much ignored apparently as it is VERY open for a sequel and I would definitely play it.If you're familliar with the original Chinese tales or the awesome 70s TV show MONKEY, then you will find enough similarity in this game to stroke your nostalgia muscles.Worth a play, just don't take it too seriously or expect too much and don't buy it at full price."
,Recommended,245280,13089628,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Hicks,"""would follow Trip across the wastelands again"" - 8.5/10Enslaved: Odyssey to the West (EOW) is a mixed bag. On the one hand it is  visually stunning, well written, action adventure and on the other it is a lazy port with repetative gameplay.I think it is fair to say that if the two main protaganists and their relationship do not grab you from the start then there is little point you playing any further. If however, like me, you find yourself genuinely enjoying the characters as they struggle their way across some rather lovely post apocolyptic cityscapes then this game is well worth seeing through to the end.The strong points of this game are the main characters (and Piggsy, when you meet him) and they way you have to use both of them to progress. Trip (the girl) is not a playable character but instead functions much the same way as Elizabeth in Bioshock: Infinite. She is on hand to hack doors, climb through small gaps that Monkey cannot, and offer advice on progression. She never feels like a lame duck and having her along for company is  most enjoyable.Monkey himself is a joy to control and even with mouse and keyboard it is easy to perform some precision acrobatics and fighting skills.The world itself is really well presented and there are some wonderful set pieces throughout.Unfortunately it is at this point that many of the games flaws become apparent. Firstly, the camera; it hates you. It wants to b helpful by turning every moment into a cinimatic 'mood shot' but all it does is frustrate and annoy.The combat, though satisfying and responsive, is repetative to the extreme. There is little variety in the animations and moves and the lack of diversity in mobs becomes tedious all to quickly.The puzzle levels are a breath of fresh air after the combat and I would have preferred more of this.The graphics are great when you ar standing still but on the move, even on my gaming PC behemoth, there is screen tear and lag aplenty. Likewise the areas, though very pretty, also become repetative.It is such a shame that the game mechanics get in the way of what is arguably one of the best story driven experiences to have on PC. I do recommend you buy this game (i got it for £3 in a sale, bargain) but i would treat it more as an interactive adventure than  a full game.With a bit more variety and polish this could have been great. The story and character relationship kept me coming back but there is little incentive to revisit.9.4 hours to complete is hardly epic either."
,Recommended,245280,13202790,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,KappyK,"Great game, had a ton of fun playing through the story. Its unfortunate that games such as this dont get more publicity because this was truely an enjoyable game all the way through."
76561197983473877,Recommended,245280,13193250,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MoWoM,"This is, hands down, one of the best video games I have ever played... The story is fantastic and the gameplay is excellent. I don't see how some can complain about the camera movements, it makes it slightly challenging vs being too easy. It is not really a difficult game. But the graphics, sound and the story are all superb. 10 out of 10 for me."
,Recommended,245280,13181714,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,hylian,"Beautiful and enjoyable post-Apocalyptic game.Great adventure,funny characters.Exciting enemies and bosses.Good combat with shooter elements.Good platforming with acrobatic elements.Amazing chase scenes!Memorable story."
,Recommended,245280,13182067,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Boinz,"I was pleasantly surprised to see Namco taking a chance on a script and game like Enslaved Odyssey to the West. The dialogue and interactions between Monkey and Trip as their friendship/enslavedment progresses is entertaining and well written with not a lot of cheesy cringeworthy ENGRISH dialogue or moments.There's a decent amount of variety in combat, enemies, level design and puzzles to keep you entertained for a while throughout the action packed story. Voice acting is top notch as are Monkey's movement and animations, however most of this kinda goes downhill and stale towards the last 2 hours of the game and the lackluster ending.The game will sometimes confuse you with its fixed camera angles during certain moments while you climb in order to force a certain perspective or view of the scenery which is quite nice, however this can be a little jarring for the player when they're trying to execute certain jumps in a certain direction. Luckily the climbing and movement for the most part is relatively easy and smooth, with little option to drop to your death.Firing and combat mechanics do get a little repetitive after a while throughout the game, but every once in a while a puzzle or action sequence is introduced to keep things interesting.As I said, the final 2 hours of the game and the ending are somewhat lackluster, predictable and practically open ended considering the ride you just went through.But all things considered, 7.5/10."
76561198116203728,Recommended,245280,25172150,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jglove25,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game. It reminded me of Jak and Daxter at times, but was overall an enjoyable game through the end."
76561198051822816,Recommended,245280,25549363,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,sdoplatinum,"After playing it, Ebslaved became one of my favorite games. It is simply fun to play, bright, and entertaining: very much a 'video game' rahter than an 'experinece' or a 'revelation' that some games have become recently. The game has a great sense of progression, fluent gameplay, and still very good visuals with surprisingly good facial animations. If you just want something fun to play through and be left satisfied, Enslaved is likely a great choice."
76561198087956952,Recommended,245280,25419534,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,kuromox,A really pretty game eventhough it can be a little be repetitive and it has not the best story ever. I had a lot of fun with this one and it was worth every dollar.
,Recommended,245280,25486896,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,GigaStoat,"A competent mix of Uncharted-style platforming and third-person brawling that can occasionally feel repetitive and shallow, but the spectacle of its flashiest set-pieces and a pair of likeable leads should see you through to the end credits."
,Recommended,245280,25971762,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Lenny,"Wow, didn't expect that experience from this game. Great story, nice combat system and immersive look. Surely would play that kind of game again!"
76561198017567874,Recommended,245280,26326786,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Decoyed,"I've been waiting a while to play this game and it was worth the wait.  While it doesn't introduce anything new in it's gameplay the story and voice acting alone make it worth playing.  The dialogue and scenes are well written.The combat is fun, I recommend playing on hard to get a decent challenge.  The platforming/climbing is nothing new but is still fun and well animated.  No complaints about the controls or graphics.I did run into a couple of bugs where one time I skipped a cutscene and a turret didn't spawn and another where Trip didn't do what she was supposed to and I had to redo the section but that's about it.I definitely recommend playing it."
76561198145274052,Recommended,245280,26282247,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,TeRou,"I bought the game because I read the piece of Chinese lit it was based off of. This game is really nothing like the story, but knowing the story added to the expierence. Bottom line though, the game is really great on its own, it combines so good ole hack and slash, parkour, and some puzzles. Overall I am really pleased with the game."
76561198141763917,Recommended,245280,25699328,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,nyerek01,"Good game, buy it."
76561197996963484,Recommended,245280,25737014,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[Cz]DonDeEsta,"Don't miss this one! It's really great game! Adventurous, witty but get a controller!"
76561197971071413,Recommended,245280,25734351,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Morpheus,This is a great game! Works perfectly with an XBox 360 controller. You can also unlock 3 different types of skins that provide additional powers. It is very story rich. The story is very moving. Game has excellent replay value because you get to keep all the skills you have unlocked and you can start any chapter again. The evolving relationship between Trip and Monkey is awesome! Highly recommend this if you like action RPG.
76561198043000493,Recommended,245280,25728840,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tragoron,Great visuals and a great story that was really fun to play.
76561197966805720,Recommended,245280,25893833,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Papa Kage,This game is an awesome ride. Don't miss out.
,Recommended,245280,10845695,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,☯ Bland Strawberry ☯,Amazing story and the combat is beautiful.
,Recommended,245280,10621113,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,No Submission,Game is absolutely amazing. Best 5$ spent. Best Saturday night in a long time.
,Recommended,245280,10788198,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Skowronek,Buy this game (on sale preferably). You won't regret it.
,Recommended,245280,10879511,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ST4R4LFUR,"8,5/10"
76561198007471259,Recommended,245280,11739880,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Adrian,"Great game! Stunning graphics, likable characters, nice story, real pleasant surprise! Has a nice mixture of platforming, FPS action, upgrades to make you better, exploration, nice mixture. Also, quiet long levels ,especally in the beginning, 14 chapters, 10/10! Too bad the game was no success, would have liked to play a sequal!"
76561198089494903,Recommended,245280,11733546,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Arcturus,"I can safely say Enslaved is a simple, unoptimized (fixed with a bit of ini file tweaking) game thaty borrows from 3D Prince of Persia, Devil May Cry.Though it lacks in complicated puzzles and gameplay of those games, it makes up for in presentation and tolerable protagonists."
,Recommended,245280,11326548,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,►∪⊂k≶▲∪⊂∃,"Quite a nice game for the money.Story is ok. Nothing that exciting, nonetheless playable.Combat is fun, but the missions sometimes can feel repetitive.One thing I would say is that the jumping around on walls and other objects is very Prince of Persia alike. It also has some puzzles in some parts.Graphics look amazing and the game scenery and design is just gorgeous.Overall I would recommend to pick this game up, if you have some bucks to spare.I would say it's a fun game to play while bored, but definitely not the best I've played either. I guess it's up to you to decide."
,Recommended,245280,12519589,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,netgyrl,Not very hard but a really good time.  Loved the characters. Enjoyed the story. Monkey was alot of fun to play.  Highly recommend for some stress free gaming.
,Recommended,245280,12503490,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Pulec,"Althought I was a bit dissapointed in the end, it was well spend 20 hours or so. It was relaxing and pretty easy on normal. Fight was fun but not challenging enough to really make it fun that it has a chance to be. Story was almost great, except from the ""fun"" of the third character, which was rather lame. It had a great potencial, but it was quite wasted. Too bad.I have been thinking about playing it on hard again, but when I recall that all jumping was just looking on the mount points and saving Trip didn't seem important at all I would rather let it lay for 10 years or so and play that again just to recall what the time when I played it was, to enjoy same scenes as I did before and to think about how much the gaming world changed. Good buy for 4.99!"
76561198060114760,Recommended,245280,12639430,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Elisarion,"I'd never heard of it, but I'm glad I found it and gave it a chance. It's pretty damn awesome; good story, good characters, and fun gameplay."
76561198023282586,Recommended,245280,12499795,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Harry_suh,Awesome game... really loved it.
76561198028302470,Recommended,245280,12491054,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,asaf mnsn,Great game I'm really enjoying it
,Recommended,245280,12726645,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,MisterMollusk,"Fun platforming, great characters. It's one of those B tier games that has a special place in your heart."
76561197989273890,Recommended,245280,11266828,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,sonofrock,"I enjoyed this game. The platforming and clambering is a little simple, and occasionally it's a little unclear where the next objective is, but the setting grabs you from the first level, and the interaction between the two main characters is very well acted. I got a bit of an Ico feel from it. Also, the main character Monkey is played by Andy Serkis, who was King Kong, and the head honcho chimp in the Planet of the Apes movies. Hmm...might be a bit of typecasting going on there."
76561198001251929,Recommended,245280,11989239,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,KasperKyd,"If you like Beyond Good and Evil style game then Enslaved is far better game, Fighting style awesome, Game story is cool, facial emotions are great and could touch you easily, and finally this game adds lot of humor in last stages with a charachter added similar to the pig in Beyond.I recommend it indeed."
76561197983351112,Recommended,245280,14356945,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,jan_havel,This game is amazing!I really like it!
,Recommended,245280,14161684,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Gillette,"A random 3rd person action game I picked up because of praises by single reviewers (even though the average ratings were, well, average). It's an entertaining melee/climbing sort of thing with solid enough combat mechanics and a fluid climbing system where you mostly just chill and watch the acrobatics (generally you can't fall). It has a decent story as random action games go, and the dialogue/acting is rather good (e.g. Andy Serkis plays the protagonist). The setting is postapocalyptic, but this time it's not a barren wasteland - you find New York overtaken by lush plant life, for instance. Some of the enviroments are beautiful despite its age (it's a PS3/X360 game from 2010).The game plays better with a console controller, except for the shooting parts (you get a ranged attack with very limited ammo), which become a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ There's also a couple of annoying chase sections. Generally it's an easy game.So nothing revolutionary, no replay value (fully linear), but it's a good somewhat cinematic title with respectable writing and acting, good for a playthrough. I recommend it if you like the genre in general.The ""Premium Edition"" on Steam comes with 3 DLC skins that give significant passive buffs (but can only be used after finishing the game once, unless you edit some .ini files yourself) and a shorter story mode with a more comical tone where you control a side character from the main game."
76561198153458717,Recommended,245280,14143814,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,emil.spinell1,This game is totally a piece of art that anyone used to fighting games could beat in maximum two or three days if you want to enjoy the story and the artwork. It's like a movie but with interaction. You don't get to choose the ending but it's because this way you're put on the verge of doubt. Recommended if you like story driven games.
,Not Recommended,245280,14348425,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,netsentry,"4/10 - Bad portI've tried to play this games a number of times as it's sat in my queue.  I see the potential for a fun game with story.  But it's bad.  Because port.Mouse and keyboard are not an option, so don't even try.  Hitboxes are off, key bindings only work for a couple of moves.  You can't even navigate the menu that way.  After seeing that I plugged in an xbox controller, against wishes...but I get it.  And with the controller it lags out input periodically through battle, every fifth or sixth command to be precise...I want to play this game through because it looks fun.  Unfortunately it looks like I'd have to get a PS3 to do it."
,Recommended,245280,14785406,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Gadiandi,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is suprisingly good. It has an interesting story adapted from the ancient Chinese ""Journey to the West"". I'm not familiar enough with the story to recognize all the parallels but the ring on Monkey's head is a clever example of adapting the story to a futuristic setting. Having said that, the pacing is pretty bad and the ending seemed pretty ridiculous.The gameplay was quite fun aside from some bad level design (very annoying mines and other cases where a simple mistake makes you repeat a lot of what you just did) and camera controls that drive you mad about 30% of the time. The upgrade and combat systems are simple and fun.Lastly, the bugs need to be mentioned. I think it is exclusive to the PC port but there are several parts in the game where you get stuck if your graphics settings aren't correct. I ended up needing to increase the graphics settings to high to get through those parts which was annoying to say the least."
76561197983960558,Recommended,245280,14817708,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,rr3,"Short ReviewNinja Theory knows games...They were responsible for Heavenly Sword (a PS3 console exclusive) and DMC (series reboot) (PC/PS3/XB360) both outstanding titles in their own right.In Short…Enslaved Odyssey to the West is simply a great game, with high bar visuals and the title is a superior example of what a pc port should look like on the PC.Great Story, Great Character Development (a rare thing to see), Great Gameplay and Excellent Optimization for the PC.A game that is simply well thought out and executed to one of the highest standards for a pc title."
,Recommended,245280,14317701,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,D.Morok,"interesting story, but so, so,so,sooooooo damn boooooooooooooooring gameplay.gameplay even worse than in CellShading Prince of Persia...still upwote. but so close to fail..."
,Recommended,245280,14074175,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mephisto,"Pro:- nice plot- awesome charakters, voice acting and cast- beautiful world and artworkCons:- sometimes terrible camera- very wonky without controllerNeutral:- difficulty (just right for me, might be too easy for others)- linear gameplay, simple puzzles (fine for casual players like me, might be too boring for others)- game mechanics are pretty ok, but nothing spectacularI liked the game very much and I finished it, which is pretty rare for me on games requiring more then 2 (casual) evenings to play through."
76561197970666872,Not Recommended,245280,14076722,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Crashcommodore,"Do not buy this game if you do not have a Controller, the game mechanics are designed with button conbinations and show the controller buttons on the screen. add to this the confusion of it saying press button b (which is e on computer) and you will have a bad time trying to navigate any obstacles, the story seems pretty good the graphics are well designed but I cannot recommend the game to ANY PC user, the developer has cut too many corners making the port from console to pc.I regret buying this game, even at a 75% discount. i would have paid the extra to have it made better for PC"
,Recommended,245280,14269216,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,hadden18,"This game reminds me of Uncharted, which is good. The gameplay is composed of combat sections, using a basic combat system that uses basics skills that you can improve by buying skills enhancements; and platforming sections with basic puzzles. The gameplay is fluid and I found it fun during most of the game. The graphics are very colorful, with a very interesting art direction. The controls are not as good as in uncharted or the batman arkham series, but they do the job. I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,245280,13434499,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Andrwmorph,This was pretty great. I wish that it had been popular enough to spawn a sequel.
,Recommended,245280,13437048,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Marulein,I'm rather positive about this game. It is one of the very few story games I could play hours on end without getting tired of the gameplay or taking frustration breaks. I actually finnished the game in a few subsequent evenings of intensive playing. The characters are very likeable and the game itself and story have a nice flow to it. The game is challanging enough that you can't always do certain parts in one go but I have never before had a game where I would happily retry the same part 4 or 5 times to get on with the story and still enjoy myself in the course of it. I like that it's just a notch above simply  beating the crap out of things and actually involves some tactics. (even if simply trashing stuff is very enjoyable too) The game does follow a set trajectory and I do admit I wish it was longer and that more was revealed about the characters' history but it did enjoy it very much and the lack of  beforementioned things means that it has left me wanting for more of the same. And that is good. As far as the porting of this game goes I've only experianced one single bug and that was fairly easily fixed. (I couldn't jump where I should have been able to but changing resolution to the lowest setting fixed my camera angle and after the jump I simply undid the change.)
,Recommended,245280,13443323,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Infrared,"Perhaps the most beautiful and coloful post-apocalyptic game you will ever play.As you've probably read in a thousand other reviews, ENSLAVED is a retelling of the classic tale Journey to the West. If you play video games solely for the input-> output reaction and gameplay then this probably isn't the game for you. If, however, you can appreciate a good experience then ENSLAVED will take you on a journey you won't soon forget.VisualsThe game is absolutely gorgeous, with heavy themes of nature reclaiming civilization. Any working technology looks pieced together and rather junky. SO many colors! Great contrasting visuals and a rather interesitng, slightly cartoonish arstyle. Sort of remeniscent of Jak and Daxter10/10GameplayThe combat sections are fun at first but due to a lack of depth become pretty repetitive by the end. Platforming and climbing are a bit too easy, but the smooth animations give it a very fluid and satisfying feel. Trip offers some tactical options and certain segements let you skip combat in favor of climbing your way around. The gamplay isn't stellar but it was by no means bad. The Cloud was ♥♥♥♥ing awesome though.6/10CharactersTrip and Monkey are both dynamic, round characters with whom you can't help but fall for. Seriously Trip is straight waifu material (especially sexy robot Trip hnnngh) and Monkey is  husbando tier as well. The voice work is top ♥♥♥♥ing notch and the Mocap is fantastic. Trip and Monkey's relationship is realistic and organic in all the best ways. Their interactions are some of the games highest points.10/10StoryThe story starts very well, giving you a general idea of the purpose but focusing almost entierly on the here and now. The end chapters are a bit..odd and seem to not fit so well with the rest of the game but really the cast holds it together. It's also rather short (7~8 hours) but I feel like it was a good length overall8/10PerformanceRuns really well on my system (a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop) and other than some ocassionally big stutters when loading a new area the game ran like a dream on high. Motion blur should be turned off right away though.♥♥♥♥♥♥is disgusting9/10All in all, I really loved this game. It is unique and charming and I really fell for the characters. One of the best games I've expeirienced in quite some time. SOLID 9/10"
76561198110697773,Recommended,245280,12984522,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,S D B E S,"I found this game as one of the amazing games in life, and I was disappointed that the sequel is canceled. This game deserves a respect and I bow my head to this game. The adventure is awesome, the story is great, the music is good and the action is worth it. Other players don't like this game, I don't care about their designs, let them be targeted by the machines. If by any chance they release a sequel for this game that is longer and new characters to be played with, I will not even hesitate to buy the game, not even once. I’ll give this game a 9.9999999999999999999/10."
,Recommended,245280,12984575,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Frederick Barbarossa,"This game REALLY reminded me of the Jak franchise on Playstation 2. The characters were so similar in concept and the ruins and enemies gave me childhood memories. The mechs reminded me of the gladiators that you fight in the arena when you first go into the desert region of Jak 3, the slavers were just like the government in Jak 2, hell even the protagonist, Monkey, looks like Jak.As mentioned before, the game just gives me constant childhood memories. Collecting orbs that upgrade you, beautiful environments that leave memories in your head forever, quirky voiceacting, and such similar platformer-styled parkour jumping and fighting.I've only gotten through around 3-4 chapters out of a possible 14 and it's taken me under 2 hours of gameplay. Although there a few graphical errors (odd shading, characters hovering a 10 millimetres from the ground), the game looks beautiful on the Unreal Engine. It's never too hard or too easy, and you're not spoonfed by the developers. It's rather linear and has lack of exploration in certain portions, but you tend to forget about it once you get into the game.Also, Andy Serkis, voice of Smeagol and the Witch-King from LOTR, is the voice of the protagonist, how ♥♥♥♥ing cool is that?"
76561197995169361,Recommended,245280,12987025,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,dove,"This is for all you 3D nvidia vision users out there. This is a game that came out on the consoles some years ago, I actually have a PS3 copy. The game is a beautiful, nice romp, through a postapocolypic world, with a well acted and funny story.  All i can say is this was underated when it was released on the consoles, and quite frankly a sleaper hit on the PC. you will need to apply the helix mod, which really makes the 3D world come to life. I will add most of the combat is fairly straightforward, not as deep as some other AAA action titles out there, but it really makes up for it in narrative and sheer beauty of the world. The boss segments are also well done. If there were more 3d titles like this out there, it would be a sheer joy in gamers paradise. Definately worth the play through again even if you have the PS3 version to behold this world in 3d is truely beathtaking."
,Recommended,245280,13348140,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Vinnsent,"Лень писать, но игра отличная."
76561198094504802,Recommended,245280,12947616,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Daddysadface,"So far I have just about 3 1/2 hours on record in this game. But it wont take anyone that long to see just what a great little game this is for your free time Between Assassins Creed and FarCry4 or what ever life throws your way. I am just about through with Chapter 3 and this game has kept a smile on my face the whole time. The Resolution at first was a problem as it is locked in the settings in game menu. But after reading the forums on how to change it, I was up and going in less then 2 minutes with this beautiful gem. The story is interesting and keeps you laughing but also drags you deeper into actually caring to protect your female companion even if she did strap what is basically a mine to your head that is attached to her heart beat. If you can go beyond the little effort it takes to proceed in this game and just enjoy the adventure of the game you will not be disappointed. From a reponcive combat system to even wake boarding on a ""Cloud"" device this game is a cool ride.  I had gotten this game for $5usd on a Steam sale but compairing this to a game I just bought for $90.00 (Gold Edition) that stutters has frame drops and is just a hot mess this one runs flawless even in SLI @ 2560X1440. I look forward to finishing the story and trying out the highly recommended Mini games that are a nice present in addition to the main story. DaddySadFace's Verdict: 2 Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,245280,12949526,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SilverDagger,Just play it. Love it.
,Recommended,245280,12950721,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[MoX]Arken,"Definitely requires a controller, that aside, i really enjoyed it. The story was well told, the characters were genuinely likable and the combat with smooth and fluid. I played on normal mode difficulty and to be honest that was a little on the easy side. The lack of ammo was an annoyance more then anything, i would have liked to have seen at least the red ammo regenning over time, even if that was something you would have to unlock. It would also be nice to have more of the co-operative action between you and trip, but i did enjoy the game. definitely one of those missed gems that really should have done better."
,Recommended,245280,12951351,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,xminus,"Enslaved was a nice surprise, even though I had never heard of this Playstation 3 port before, it is worth a look. While the gameplay is not overly complex there is a nice variety of different types of activities in this game. Graphics are nice for being this old of a game, nothing spectacular mind up but pleasant enough. The levels are interesting and well layout, but what most games forget this game has plenty of, fun. This game is fun, nice voice acting, and a nice story to go along with this hidden gem. I would definably play this game with a gamepad, that’s what the game was made for and I believe that is the best way to have fun with this game."
,Recommended,245280,12919439,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Iyeet Paste,"Too much glitching to be able to play :(While the story isimmersive, the environments beautiful, the characters memorable, the game is unplayable due to all the glitches.Your AI partner ""Trip"" does just that. At times she seems to just fall through the ground endlessly which forces you to restart. I currently cannot pass the 2nd ""boss"" no matter how many times I've reloaded the game because he's supposed to enter the area to start the battle by smashing through a wall, but instead he slowly walks THROUGH the wall and you cannot finish the battle because of it.It's a damn shame that such an epic game is filled with such epic fail which has made it unplayable........I'm still suggesting that you buy this game in hopes that one day they fix it."
,Recommended,245280,12940356,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Zor,"Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a nice game, and it is worth getting if you can get it, and its DLC, on sale.Enslaved is a above average game, it isn't going to change your views on action adventure, or make you obsess with the source material (it is a reimaging of Journey to the West). But it is a fun experience that is easy to get into.  The main thing holding this title back is that for everything that it does right, it also kind of does it wrong.Starting off the story for the game is a mix bag. On the positive side you have fun characters that play off each other fairly well. They have playful banter and the audio for them is good. On the negative the overall story is thin and never really explored. At best you'll have a vague idea of what is going on, why you are doing something, or what the point is. Which is a shame, since it seems like the story might have been interesting if they had bother to explain it.Next the combat for the game is enjoyable, but very simple. You have two attack buttons and two ammo types for your staff gun thingy. And after the 3rd or 4th level, you pretty much know everything that you need to know about combat in the game. That isn't to imply that there aren't specialty moves like countering, but for 95% of the encounters in the game, you can get through them with a minimal amount of effort.The game's environments looks nice, but most levels feel too long, like the developers were trying to increase the game's length without factoring in what they would do to it quality.  This is a common problem that a lot of games have, since pacing is hard to do.  What makes this noticeable worst is the lack of challenge on most levels. With a simple combat system, and a very simple platforming system (you push jump to pretty much do everything, and there only one correct path, so can just mindlessly push jump towards the next platform most of the time) eventually enemies and puzzles become annoyances that just slow you down.In the end, if it was only the main game, I wouldn't recommend this title to others. But what pushes it up, is one of the original DLC pieces, Pigsy's Perfect 10, which comes standard in the steam version, so I am factoring it into the review (since it is now part of the base experience).  This DLC is several hours long and focuses on the side character Pigsy. It has different gameplay (3rd person shooter), an unique story (takes place during the main game events, but before the main cast meets Pigsy), and a different overall theme from the main game (Friendship, loneness, and lost). And while the last level in it goes on for way too long, I would argue that overall it is better than the main game, and makes the ending to the main game more significant and meaningful.Enslaved: Odyssey to the West is a nice game that does some things right and some things wrong. I wouldn't say it a must play title, but if you can pick it up on sale for cheap, then you should. The overall experience from the main game and the DLC is fun, and who doesn't like having fun."
,Recommended,245280,12941131,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Redn2000,"It's a good game, but the camera doing its own thing can be a major pain while fighting large enemies. Otherwise it's amazing."
76561198043671770,Recommended,245280,12944440,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Mutini,"I love this game!  Or perhaps the story and visuals more than anything else.  The camera sucks, and fighting can get repetative but the story, the growing relationship between Monkey and Trip, the artwork...Its adictive.  I havent felt so compelled to finish a game in a long time.  I even like Monkeys acrobatics a lot.  Its pretty fun(although fairly easy) to find a way to jump, swing, and climb around all the obstacles in your path.  The game is also linear but, like I said, the story and its very fleshed out, realistic characters more than make up for any drawbacks.  There are a couple of bugs in the game but none that I didnt easily figure out how to deal with on my own.  For example, the wrecker mek in the fish tank area hit a wall and just kept running against the wall and you cannot progress until you beat him.  Easity fixed by taunting said mek before he ran for the wall.  A lot of it has to do with timing.  Anyway, I overwhelmingly recomend this game.  I never even knew that it existed before it went on sale.  Im so happy that I have it now."
76561197960508801,Recommended,245280,12944534,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,shadowgrind,"Pretty awesome Game. Major fun to play. Payed 5 Bucks for it and it was worth every penny (perhaps even more). Looking around using the game-controler is some kinda fuzzy but that >>cool badass monkeh<< combination is all worth checking out. Super remommended, straight, stable and fluid running game!"
76561197972711507,Recommended,245280,12945741,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Da Reel Drew Brees,"I picked this game up when it was on the 360 and gladly did so again because I forgot how it ended.  Criminally overlooked game.  I think it came out at the same time as some AAA title, I can't remember what though.  Was no marketing behind it and it was planned to be a trilogy, but alas, I don't think that will ever happen outside of some crowd funding.  Definitely a great story and single player experience.  People get mad at the camera angles.. grow up.. it's for the cinematic feel."
,Recommended,245280,12895051,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,SnQQpy,"Enslaved – Odyssey to the WestEnslaved is one of the most underrated games ever. I really have no idea why this game  performed poorly sales wise. The only thing I can think of is that it was inadequately promoted – Namco Bandai pretty much acknowledge that too.Anyway don't let the fact that you heard little about it put you off - I can tell you it really is a great game - one of the best games I have ever played IMHO.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=278516371The game was loosely based on a Chinese Novel but differs from the the original story which set a fantasy version of ancient China, to a post-apocalyptic world some 150 years in the future where human existence is sparse and hard. Only scattered residues of humanity remain but left over war-mechs roam the land, still active from the previous global conflict. The plot revolves around Trip (Tripitaka) a captured slave (and tech wizard) who forces the help and protection of a warrior type 'Monkey', who himself is enslaved. They both escape a sabotaged slaver air-ship and 'Monkey' the protagonist you play as, quickly finds himself at the mercy and control of Trip. Incidentally 'Monkey' is excellently voiced and performed by Andy Serkis (of Gollum fame) who was also Performance Director on the project. In fact all characters in this game are outstandingly portrayed and consequently very believable, this adds to the immersion of the game and story.Anyhow, you discover Trip is wanting to return to her remote community and requires nay needs Monkey's help to get her there. There's an important twist here, as Monkey, you have little choice in the matter - you can discover the detail of why for yourself – and you are tied to her in an interesting way. You find that you often have to piggy back her to difficult to reach places and physically throw her to ledges and across gaps. Its sounds strange but its actually a neat mechanic. My small beef was there ought to have been even more requirement to control and this would have enhanced the experience and tightened the relationship you have with them as characters. I would also have preferred that you could have had an extended command structure both ways but like I said it is a minor niggle.The fight mechanism is quite extensive and there were many ways I found to complete tasks and defeat enemies and the overall feel was rewarding and that goes for the Boss Fights too. While the story and scope to explore is limited it never really felt that way as in certain areas you had quite a bit of freedom to do things in your own style. Anyway visually, its great to look at too and all movement and animations are solid and fluid. For me, after only a short while you easily get to grow to like these characters and there's a real affinity you get for each of the characters plight.I highly recommend this game and if you happen to see it in Steam Sales, I suggest you get it. I'm sure you wont be disappointed!"
76561198130712089,Recommended,245280,12896143,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,CooterLooter,awesome game
,Recommended,245280,12896172,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,DeathStriker_6666,"Great game, gets batter as it goes on.  Isn't particularly hard but is actually funny, which is a hard thing to accomplish in gaming."
,Recommended,245280,12956768,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,li.u,"A solid game...that's also very lazy.The characters are very likable and the story is decent. In fact, it's what kept me playing even when the rest started to become a little tedious. The post-apocalyptic setting is well done with some nice locales mixed in.Unfortunately, those were the only outstanding aspects to me. The rest was just mediocre. The combat, while moderately challenging on hard, is very barebones. It has a very basic moveset that doesn't get expanded upon very much. That means that you're stuck with the same 3 attacks (light, heavy, aoe) for the most part. It could've used a more fleshed out skill progression system where you actually unlock new stuff to do. What makes the combat worse is the lack of enemy variety. There are 4 enemy types that get thrown at you and that's pretty much it. The 2 bosses that get recycled over and over again throughout the game don't help much either. It's not like there wasn't enough room to be creative, since the enemy are supposed to be mechs of all kinds and sizes.The ""platforming"", while cool to look at, didn't contribute much to the gameplay. It's basically climbing and parkour stuff along a very streamlined path with 0 danger of failure. I didn't mind this very much, but it could definitely have been more.I still recommend this since I enjoyed the overall experience, but only at a discount (picked it up for 5€)."
76561198065378736,Recommended,245280,17974592,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Zodshotu,I was pleasently suprised at this game. i enjoyed it on every lvl. Monkey was a cool Toon!DEF buy for 5$!
76561197981860644,Not Recommended,245280,12278469,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Martey,Terrible console import to PC.Played on WinXP3.Waste of money.........
76561197993403701,Recommended,245280,18010659,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,aarona493,"This game is wonderful. Most of the time it's dificult to tell it's not a triple A title and the few times you can aren't world-breaking. Two interesting characters, some interesting mechanics, the 'parkour' is really really well implemented (yes it's really easy platforming but as the player it feels really fluid and fundamentally fun and satisfying). All around good game. If it looks even a little interesting to you, go for it."
76561198036858274,Recommended,245280,18009730,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rhodri,"The phrase, 'criminally underrated', springs to mind with respect to this game. The gameplay was rarely frustrating, easy to come to grips with, responsive controls. The game world is beautfully realised and the story is well done. Voice acting in this game is standout and the character models are solid. This game is worth your time and money!"
76561198241412374,Recommended,245280,18027031,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,jayvbear45,"Not too far along yet but the visuals are intriguing and gameplay is fairly intuitive with some glitches both nothing major. It's nice to see hot, shirtless guys for once! ;-)"
76561198060400022,Recommended,245280,13799806,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kyntar,"Good game with fantastic visuals of a post apocalyptical world. Puzzle solving from easy to mild difficulty. Plays great with controller. Fantastic voice over work.Sometimes the shading was off durring cut scenes. Very unrealistic action, however it didn't bother me much.This wasnt very challenging to play, and not much replay value, yet still well worth buying when on sale!"
76561197995134927,Recommended,245280,13799817,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,GambleGearbox,"Very nice storydriven adventure game!The characters are well developed and the story is keeping you busy for a good while. For me the controls work very well, even on keyboard and mouse. Just the camera acts a little bit weird...like in almost every 3rd person game I've played. I had a really good time playing this game. Thumbs up!"
76561197999838272,Recommended,245280,13774068,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Worst Player Ever,Very cool game! pick it up on a sale and you wont be sorry :)
76561197994574925,Recommended,245280,13028597,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,otn,fetzt
76561198016438905,Recommended,245280,12936180,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tomoyo Crying After,"Even the gameplay is abit buggy. THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE MOST AWESOME GAME EVER. good story, good charater building, nice graphic, abit hazy control and view"
76561198008561620,Recommended,245280,13380887,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,XavierDee,"Simplistic gameplay with only a few breaks in the regular 'light, light heavy attack' combat system. But the story, the acting and the overall art style made it well worth a look. Think 'The Last Of Us', but with more punching."
,Recommended,245280,12971295,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Melv Hawk,"A pretty good game with a compelling story and a great twist at the end. However I wished the combat was a bit more deeper rather then ´´press X to light attack and Y to heavy attack´´.Still, give it a try when it is discounted."
,Recommended,245280,19562954,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,davewjrh,ProsHack/Slash game with some puzzle mechanicsInteresting storyline based on the novel 'Journey to the West' by Wu Cheng'enMUTHAF**KIN ANDY SERKISConsTripitakaGODD*MMIT ANDY SERKIS
,Recommended,245280,19611682,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Jo | JaXn |  Inferno,"I'll summarize the flaws of this game first so you see all it's weaknesses before you invest too much time into reading.The mix of Action-Fights with Climbing Levels is done well, but there are new games that do this exact genre noticably better- for example Tomb Raider (which does not focus on melee fights, though), Prince of Persia, or Assassins Creed.The camera is not chosen optimal in several locations, using forced perspective quite often in climbing scenarios. The combat control is not ""hyper-precise"" when it comes to blocking, but then again, that's not what this game is about. A gamepad is recommended (but many people play Assassins Creed on Keyboard as well, so it's not that big of a deal).Considering the price, though, those imperfections seem justified to me.- Mechanics -The fight mechanics are satisfying- this is your typical action/platformer with a focus on melee, suited for relaxed evening sessions. The game is a straightforward Port from the console version. I already described the mechanics in the introduction by comparison.- Story -Not brilliant, but solid and enjoyable. It's not a killer feature- I wish the story had a bit more time for depth- but then, most of the AAA games out there don't have an outstanding story either. Maybe I have too high standards. Why could you want more story? Because of...- Characters -a light dressed redhead and a muscular man might seem awfully clichee, and the cover page can leave you with an impression of shallow, onesided characters- which is simply inaccurate and a case of bad presentation. The (through most of the game, subtly executed) addition of depth to the characters happens almost instantly in the story.The clichee of ""damsel in distress"" characters already gets abandoned in the very first cutscene. Every character has emotion, and thereof resulting progress. The whole story is framed by the interaction between very few characters, and those are crafted with care. Two particular aspects seem worth a notice here:a) The character's style of expression changes with the progress of the story. Once you pick up the subtle differences in HOW things are told, you notice the adapting manner of speak through the whole game. This sounds obvious, but is rarely found in games when it comes to simple expressions thrown around like ""hey, do this"", ""maybe we should try that"", or ""help me""- mostly, games contain only a single ""mood"" for those messages, replayed over and over through the whole campaign, sometimes ruining tense atmosphere by shallow talk. Not in this game!b) There's cutscenes which prove: One sentence can carry enough weight for a whole conflicted situation. This is how visual art can work! You don't tell emotional progress. You simply show. And sometimes, a sad smile is all there's needed.-SUMMARY-Lush, warm graphics quite different from common cold, hard postapocalypse environment designs.Decent Action Fight gameplay. Add exploding robots, and minor flaws with the climbing design.Characters ""with soul"": Credible lines, subtle changes in communication.The developers commitment to their way of storytelling distinguish this game from others in the genre of Action/Platformer games.Judging from quality and content, it's worth the price- even more when it's on sale. You got a gamepad and/or don't hate Action/Platformer games? This is for you, then!"
76561197995159215,Recommended,245280,16759117,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Epileptic_Psycho,The production value of this game must have been really high considering the amount of quality that shines trough! It feels so refreshing with great acting in a game. The realism is in the character models and the fluidity in their movements also takes my breath away. I almost feel bad for only paying €5 for it! Pretty cool story also and I like the Post-post apocalyptic envirnoment.
76561197999470889,Recommended,245280,19274075,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Oziiii,"Pluses: good sunny graphic and pretty post-apocalyptic environment. I liked rich story and characters and despite problems with button auto remapping bug, game is very good and interesting.Minuses: parkour was waaay too easy (except when camera rotated at some skew angle and movements needed weird button combinations), enemies were not too hard and different from each other, I really would like if there were more hitting combos."
76561198022815006,Recommended,245280,19299815,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,rtwjunkie,"Great Game!  It really is just a good time.  Once you get it sorted out, it's also very playable with a mouse and keyboard.I really think everyone should play this game, because although it has a story, it really is a very fun excuse to do acrobatics and hit stuff!BTW, Steam, why do you tsay suddenly I have 5 hours on record?  How did I finish the game, which takes a minimum of 12?  How did I get hald the achievements?  Unbelievable."
,Not Recommended,245280,19261281,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,jh,camera sucks
76561198013638701,Recommended,245280,20279914,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ReDDeV,"Played this on the Xbox 360 back in 2010, and loved it. Only realised it got a PC port yesterday when it was on sale. Great game. Its particular strengths are an engaging story and impressive graphics, especially for a 2010 X360 game port."
,Recommended,245280,24305136,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,NFerd,"It was a good game, story was interesting and game play was good.  Way too many bugs though.  Every now and then I had to restart a chapter because a bug was causing me trouble. Still though, pretty good."
,Recommended,245280,24377364,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,José Kun,"Enslaved It's really cool, I find the story different of the most pos-apocaliptic games we see out there, and have cool gameplay mechanic with a lot of diferent features, referencing technology, and at the same time the Monkey King mythology, too bad It's not a well know game out there, but still, I'm sure you will have fun playing it, hope it get more know on the future. It worth to play and live the story on really beautiful places and scenery with a lot of good mixed between serious parts with really funny ones of the two main characters interactions (three later on xD). You should definitely play it!"
76561198015292026,Recommended,245280,24263504,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Cheapdate,"Wow for an old game and a console port no less this is a wonderfull game that still holds its own 6 years after it first came out. This is the most vibrant and lush post apocolyptic game I have played. The voice acting is fantastic and the character acting is really good. Sure it has old console mechanics and the camera gets bit annoying, but the game more than makes up for it.Great story. All these wonderful small visuals that barely hint at what happened, keeps you interested. New York City is stunning.Why oh why is there not a sequel."
,Recommended,245280,23899244,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Boothy,"Good:Good story, nice locations (really liked the post apocalyptic world), some good voice acting  (appart from maybe the last scene). Well paced for the most part.Enjoyable combat and gameplay.“Pigsy’s Perfect 10” DLC is quite good, worth a play through as the playing Pigsy is completely different from the main game play style. (Access via the Extras menu in the main game).Bad:Considering this is only 3 years old, GFX look quite dated up close, low details even when on high settings (very obvious a last gen console port with no effort to enhance for PC).Some settings don't 'stick' between sessions and have to be selected again (like screen res).Some poorly placed check-points (arn't they always?), forcing you to do the same bit repeatedly until you can get past a specific point.Really anoying 3rd person camera at times, esspecially mid fight, regularly points the camera in the exact opposite direction to where it's needed. i.e. with your enemies behind you off screen, forcing you to manually swivel round to see what's what!General:Play with a controler, it makes like easier than fighting with the keyboard/mouse, and it's not actually a bad set up.Overall:Overall I say there as ~11-12  hours of gameplay for a single run through of both the main game, and Pigsy's DLC.And I enjoyed it quite a lot, other than for the odd camera issue.Well worth the current sale price (June 2016)."
76561198277803355,Recommended,245280,24169327,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rain Grey,This game has a pretty good storyline and made me wish that there was a sequel to this game. I got this game on the recent sale and I was not disappointed. I'll probably replay this game after a few months.
,Recommended,245280,24790871,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Imaqi,Good Game :3 It is fun to play :P
,Recommended,245280,24794231,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Karithay,"Angry ape child wonders why frightened intelligent girl puts a slave band on his head to keep him from hurting her.  Despite her position of control, he still ends up ordering her around.I didn't know much of anything about the game, but I had some suspicions about its story when the ape child pulled out a staff as his main weapon. Move like an ape and swing a staff, there's really only one character he could be based on. When the names are revealed, yup, that explains the whole ""Odyssey to the West"" bit.This game shows promise. Its got decent graphics. The story its based on is classic. When you have no idea what world you're in and suddenly you pass a ruined Statue of Liberty, you get one of those rare ""woah, cool"" moments in gaming. However, it is deeply marred by its controls, especially the janky camera work. Sometimes you are moving fast. Sometimes slow. Sometimes the camera seems to follow you. Then it takes agency away. You think a jump join is a certain direction only to find out its the opposite. It creates frustration, but not quite enough to kick the game to the rubbish bin."
76561198059706966,Recommended,245280,24906749,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,xsuffer,"Great game, great story great charakters.A bit to many fights. A bit to long.Very pretty. Art directoin is superb."
76561198043671496,Recommended,245280,20392236,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,tcrolius,"For $5, it's a great ride! The story and gorgeous environments are what make this game shine.  However, if you're looking for deep gameplay or replayability, look elsewhere. Linear platformer with combat and puzzle solving.Pros- Gorgeous environments- Engaging story, characters, and excellent voice acting- Twist ending- Modern near-AAA platformer (a rarity in this generation of games)- Upgrade tree (if a bit shallow)- Boss Fights (call me old fashioned, but I like this)Cons- Shallow gameplay (it's no button masher, but definitely not complex)- Lack of enemy variety- Zero replayability (definitely story-driven, no multiple endings or changes for multiple playthroughs.)- Weak DLC- Some minor graphical issues (banding) in certain cutscenes when played at 1080p. Can be easily fixed and only a little distracting. Overall a great port.)"
,Recommended,245280,20394285,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,boohaky,Отличное приключение на пару вечеров.
,Recommended,245280,20420128,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dazirius,"Aside from an odd graphical glitch from time to time, causing a sort of banding in the shadows on character surfaces, the visuals in Enslaved are stunning.The combat is as you'd expect from this sort of title, mildly frenetic, not particularly deep, can be achieved mostly through button mashing, but more control yields better results.The voice work was fantastic in my opinion. Really believable characterisation with little nuances here and there that make each one unique.Storywise, it drops you right in with little explanation but that's not really an issue as things are explained fully as you progress.Oh, and the version I got (possibly all versions) came with what was for me an extra 4.5 hours of gameplay in the form of an extended mission set with a different protagonist to the main game. The extra missions were the same playstyle, but with different tactics, which was very refreshing. In fact, I played the extra missions through in one sitting, often thinking ""Cor, I'd have thought this would be over by now given it's an added extra, but it's still going...""All in all, highly recommended for anyone who enjoys third person combat and platforming of the roughly Prince of Persia vein."
76561197990795474,Recommended,245280,20454489,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Karhu,"Enslaved provides simple but fun combat with an excellent story and compelling characters.  The art direction is also top notch.  Highly recommended, especially for fans of movies and graphic novels.  A personal favorite."
76561198138045913,Recommended,245280,20481702,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,CaptainSwagDaddy,"The games beautiful, voice actings great, decent story and the combats repetitive but fun in small doses."
,Recommended,245280,20320548,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,vĬƞưƨħķą,I do recommend this game because in my opinion it's incredibly entertaining and worthwhileBUT:Keep in mind that the port to PC is terrible at times. There will be situations in which you will want to bash your head in on your desk because e.g. climbing around a corner is next to impossible without a controller.So if you consider buying this game I'd recommend toA) buy it when it's up for saleB) play it with a controller
76561198068625335,Recommended,245280,20509289,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,GeneralDugong,"this is just like Journey to the west... we have monkey, pig, saint, you get the point"
76561198067442620,Recommended,245280,20514993,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Razgriz,"This is a game you play for the characters and the story, not the combat.Pros:-Facial expressions (the most facially expressive characters I've seen in any game)-Voice acting-Character development-Beautiful to look at-Music-Based on the Chinese 'Journey to the West' story-Strangely charming-Each level is distinctly differentCons:-Button masher, unintuitive combat-Some graphical glitches (I get strange mesh shadows if I turn the graphics all the way up)-At times, bad auto camera placement-Short (10hrs or so)-Not much replayability"
,Not Recommended,245280,11745321,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Pietoro,"This game is beautiful, but very simplistic.The NPC companion will literally nag you to do everything, even obvious things like flip switches. The game UI also assumes you constantly forget what button to press to interact with things, or won't know what direction to go without big glowy signs. Sure, jumping and climbing through the environment looks cool, but it's all button mashing and it's virtually impossible to fall off ledges or fail in any way (you need to push a button to drop off a ledge even if you want to -- and you can't actually jump very high unless there is a pre-set acrobatic handhold already there for you to look fancy using).Interacting with your NPC companion has a couple interesting ideas (like being able to distract enemies and direct them to cover in firefights) but she's mostly just hysterical baggage with plot-important hacking skills. Combat also has more options / upgrades than it actually needs, since it's mostly button mashing since enemy AI is fairly dumb. No point in a game trying to have special attacks or tactics if the gameplay itself doesn't require them.This is the typical AAA mash-button-get-cutscene video game -- lots of style and narrative but weak on actualy gameplay substance. It can be an enjoyable timekiller / interactive movie, since the setting and story are interesting, but as a game it's fairly mediocre."
76561197972233824,Recommended,245280,19737122,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Kinom,"I love this game. The story, the characters, the acting, the environment...it's all so well done. For those reasons alone I'd recommend it.HOWEVER, the k/b and mouse controls are just atrocious with the camera angles used. It can suck all of the enjoyment out of the game to the point where you may not feel like finishing the game. If you're of a mind to play this game make sure you have a controller to play it with.In the end, though, I'm glad I had a chance to play this game."
76561198031482634,Recommended,245280,19972925,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dragocloso,this game is really fun i like the gameplay and combat systems and when you throw Trip it looks funny
,Recommended,245280,19964303,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zaphod 👽 Beeblebrox,great ported game very pretty
,Recommended,245280,19997736,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheHKX,"Wanted to play Enslaved for years, ever since it came out. Didn't really live up to my teenage expectations but still a decent game.Gameplay is in general responsive and fun; it really feels like you're jumping around giant mechs in this distopian world. It is however quite linear as it's segmented into chapters which play from A to B with the same mechanics. It did feel repetative at times which is why I didn't play this game in one go, even though it is entirely possible given the 10h story. Just was more fun playing in 2h burst to me, since the chapters switch as followed:  Parkour - Melee - Shooting Range - Boss Fight.The story is a nice take on the Journey to the West. I liked the post-apokalyptic setting and the animation as well as the charakters grew on me... expect of Pigsy... oh god, he's just so repulsive...It has its ups and down, pretty generic and to me littered with a lot of outdated sensibilities but the quieter scenes and especially the two protagonist and their performance did sell it for me. The ending was very sudden, would have liked a bit more build-up but as I said, all in all it's still a solid story.If you're in for a action packed Hollywood story and decent gameplay I guess I would recommend it. Give it a go when on sale or not if that prior scentence really spoke to you.PS: There's a second game included which stirs up the gameplay and ups the stealth. Haven't played through that yet but until now it's quite okay. Still not very fond of that game's protagonist though..."
76561198121301092,Recommended,245280,20056781,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Vestman,its sun wu kong the game who wouldent love it
76561198194674051,Recommended,245280,19966609,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tibiche,Nice game.
76561198252651630,Not Recommended,245280,20061988,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,UaintSeenMe,"Heres an idea, lets take one of the most important and influential pieces of chineese litterature, a veritable Epic of inspiration and storytelling, and then, take 2 or 3 steps back, get a bit of a run up and then, ♥♥♥♥ our own faces.I dont know why i keep buying lazy console ports, every time i get one, it inevitably turns out to be a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥and every time i get one i swear I'll never buy another, and then a few months later, i get another.Its games like this that justifies the software pirates need to ""try before deciding not to buy."""
76561198275140349,Recommended,245280,20737885,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Vid-Locke,"Always loved the Journey to the West story and love seeing it being reinvisioned or used as main influence,While not the greatest of games to say that this title can be skipped or forgotten would be a huge mistake.7/10 - Just don't see many good old school styled platformers nowadays"
,Recommended,245280,20688125,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Del Mingus,"TL:DR pretty good game with a decent story and likeable characters in Trip and Monkey. The gameplay revolves around climbing and close combat that isnt too bad itself but gets a bit boring towards the end of the game.Enslaved is loosely based on the Chinese story Journey to the West. Its set in the future where most of humanity has been wiped out and the survivors live in fear of mechs who capture or kill people. The main character Monkey finds himself imprisoned on a slave ship at the beginning of the game when the games other main character Trip, attempts an escape. The ensuing chaos allows Monkey to also attempt to escape as the ship crashes. Monkey awakens to find Trip has fitted a slave headband that will kill him if he doesnt do what she says. Her only order for Monkey is to get her back to her home.The game has you playing as Monkey with Trip as an AI controlled companion. Most of the game revolves around climbing structures and platforms, quite similar to the climbing in the Uncharted series, with a bit of combat against the mechs where Monkey uses a retractable staff. I quite liked the story and Trip and Monkey are also both likeable characters as their initial uneasy alliance blossoms into a friendship.This game was overlooked a bit (a bit undeservedly) on its initial console release but it is a pretty good game even though the gameplay gets a bit stale towards the end though. This edition also features the DLC Pigsy's Perfect 10 which is also a decent add on where you play another character from the main game Pigsy with a more stealth focused type of gameplay.Good points:- Enjoyable story and Trip and Monkey are both likeable characters.- the companion AI for Trip is actually quite good. Games with an AI companion can be hit or miss but they get it right here.- I loved the level design particularly the earlier levels in the ruins of New York. Rather than go for the grim dark crumbling ruins of other post-apocalyptic games the ruins in Enslaved are full of colourful plant life as nature reclaims the city and it does lookreally nice.-The Pigsys Perfect 10 dlc story is quite a good add on which mixes up the gameplay from the main game with a bigger focus on stealth.Bad points:- There is very little variety of enemies particularly bosses. Most of the bosses are the same couple of mechs which you'll fight a few times throughout the game.- Combat mostly boils down to button bashing with the fast and heavy attacks. You can unlock other attacks but theres never much cause to use them.- The camera is a bit finicky at times as it will suddenly snap to a new angle as you move around a level and it can be a bit disorientating."
,Recommended,245280,20686589,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,wheez,"Pretty good. Neat world, cool characters, decent plot, combat that is initially fun but runs its course before the game's finale. 7.5/10.Pigsys perfect 10 is very mediocore. Introduces some interesting mechanics but becomes very tiresome towards the end of the dlc. 5/10.Buy it for a super big boy sale discount. Cheers lads."
76561198039686410,Recommended,245280,25068013,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Nyanpolean,I don't normally leave reviews but this game desrves it. I found it to be a wonderful retelling of a clasic tale and enjoyed myself from start to finish
,Recommended,245280,24751983,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Toothslayer,"Completed the game on hard with 100% achievements.Dislikes:Controls are very clunky. Playing with mouse and keyboard would be a pain. I played with the Xbox 360 controller, but it still felt like it could use some polishing. Probably because it was ported from console platform.Gameplay was bland at the best. Fighting sequences were too easy and repetitive: your run-of-the-mill press X to attack, Y to attack stronger, A to evade and b to block.Platforming was simple yet messy. It takes a long time to get used to it because it doesn’t move smoothly. Don’t expect Assassin’s Creed’s smooth climbing in this game. No matter how properly you are lined up to jump to the next platform, you find yourself doing flips at the edge instead of jumping over.Boss fights were generic yet frustrating (although I did play on hard).I got the game mostly because I was interested in the story. It didn’t turn out to be the best plotline, the voice acting seemed forced and unnatural, and character development was cheesy.Visuals are bit outdated, Even for its time. Textures are blurry, and it is really hard to believe they used motion capture for the actors, because the character movement and model seemed really shabby.Likes:This game is definitely not for everyone. If you get impatient with the things I mentioned above, you won’t likely last through the first two chapters.  Nevertheless, if you are tired of playing hard-core games and are looking for a break in a casual platformer with interesting world setting and a story driven adventure, it’s not a terrible game. I am guessing you could finish the game in 10 hours through a casual run. Grab it when it’s on 75%+ sale.Other:I spent so much time on the game because I like completing games with 100% achievements. This game was especially tough, because there are these collectables called orbs (in-game currency for upgrades) that are nearly impossible to find all 100%, and they aren’t even that rewarding for in-game content (there is plenty of extra orbs from fights). But if you don’t care about achievements, moot point."
,Recommended,245280,24748104,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,nola,"I have to say in terms of beauty, characters and overall acting this game is one hell of an awesome trip. The scenery is awesome, the characters believable and well written. The overall story is gripping and entertaining. However, this game also has some serious issues. First the combat is so-so, but the wonky mouse/keyboard controls, and the weird camera angles and shifts make the combat outright horrible. Secondly, the cutscenes cannot be skipped. If you struggle a bit - like me - you might have to watch some scenes a couple of times, without having a way to abort them. Come on folks, it's 2016. I have to give the game credit for the take down animations without quick time events. The climbing parts are fun and fluid, with only a few places suffering from the dreadful camera movement. Overall I'd recommend the game, just be prepared to be frustrated by the controls and the camera.Overall I rate 8/10, the nature of this game is irrepressable!"
76561198018606886,Recommended,245280,12958139,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mr. Wasabi,"Amazing game, runs smooth.  picked up for only $5https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM6rX3vbU40"
76561197972553396,Recommended,245280,25477603,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Poofox,Rather enjoyed this.  It was kind of like a mature Jack and Daxter game...if Daxter was a hot chick and their relationship was more complicated and revolved less around collecting things.
76561197988293042,Recommended,245280,25368706,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,El Chupecabra,"Good game with very good sci fi story and characters and good looking post apocolyptic sci fi setting. Sometimes changing camera angles create some confusion, but not so bad. Interaction with Trip is enjoyable as I certainly enjoyed being enslaved by her, carrying her and throwing her to those hard to reach places. Pigsy is also a good character providing some humor. Pigsy's Perfect 10 plays differently than the Odyssey and nicely timed auto saves provide for planning and preparing for what is needed to be done in some of the more difficult combat sequences. Both are definitely worth playing and certainly woth picking up on sale, no doubt. I would score Odyssey around 85 and Pigsy's Perfect 10 at around an 80 on the metacritic scale."
76561198038623950,Recommended,245280,24448510,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Tosei,Not being an action or fps pro in any way I was hesitant playing this since I usually bump into a boss somewhere which I can't handle and then stop playing a game in frustration. I managed this though on Normal difficulty.The camera can be very annoying but it is manageable and the story is just great. The acting and the little cutscenes between Monkey and Trip are just great. The chemistry they develop and the development of their characters is rare to get so well done as they managed in this game.I am very pleased I took the time and effort to play since the story is just a delight. The environments and chapters are varied enough to bring something new at regular intervals.Just make sure to follow the guides on how to increase resolution and graphics quality by editing an ini-file. The in-game options do not cover everything and even tricks you into believing you run at your native resolution although it won't. There are several guides out there so just grab one and edit the ini-settings to your liking and depending on the power of your graphics card. It will be well worth it.
76561198165580223,Recommended,245280,24527030,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,genwol,"12 hours played to beat the story mode and bouns piggy's perfect 10 paid 5.49 CDN for the game, well worth that price, I would not pay full price for this game, it just doesn't last long enough to warrent that much. but if you can pick it up on sale, Its a fun play"
,Recommended,245280,24530652,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,This game reminds me of how good games can be.
,Recommended,245280,12974189,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Beautiful Bearded Dragon,11/10You touch a fat man's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245280,26560628,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sviskebisk,"decent enough, a bit glitchy port, ok graphics, ok gameplay, bit generic story, but cool stuff overall"
76561198041699798,Recommended,245280,26567379,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Fatewalking,"I would file this under the neutral category.  Enslaved is a great game better played on console.  It is a straight port with zero changes for the PC version.  You will need to manually change settings in the .ini, but besides a few annoying bugs, it can still be fun and the story is worth it.  The DLC mission is less fun but at least its included."
76561198102406731,Not Recommended,245280,26552983,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,theblackrain,Unfortunately I had to refund the game due to technical issues. The game has a maximum resolution of 1920x1200 and game would randomly crash on start up and consistently when Alt+Tabbing out of the game. The gameplay (the little I played) was enjoyable but the port quality is lacking.
,Recommended,245280,26682484,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,SadPanda,"Well not much to say but if you are looking for a game with fairly easy combat control system, a really interesting story, and a couple of characters that work well together.This game is what you're looking for.If you arn't looking for those things well sit down, shut up, and play the game!9/10"
,Recommended,245280,26534366,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,frankdrebben,"As someone who isn't normally a fan of platformers, this is an awesome game, but you need a controller. I struggled through the first time with keyboard and mouse (kept going just because of the story), but using a controller makes all the difference.Excellent characters, levels generally well done, beautiful environments, impressive mo-cap. It's a shame it didn't get more attention back in the day, but it holds up well. Did I mention how awesome the characters were? Andy Serkis++ps- had no trouble with bugs at all even on two playthroughs so not sure what trouble others have had?"
76561198030943643,Recommended,245280,25954984,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,calson33,"I enjoyed this game mainly for the story. It's pretty short, linear, with some strange camera angles, so may not be everyone's cup of tea."
76561198312511749,Recommended,245280,25952005,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PandaTamashi,"A really fun game. I always love my post apocolyptic games. The fighting mechanics and climbing were better then average. It had a nice flow and didn't feel choppy or glitchy. Only thing is that the climbing mechs were kinda meh...but still alright. It was a little to easy to climb if that´s worth mentioning, like really childproof easy.All in all i rly liked the game, loved the story, the characters. Saru (Monkey) and Trip is a great pair and the chemistry between them worked splendidly, especially when the awesome Piggsy arrived on the scene, gotta love that guy.I give this game 7/10 hidden blades"
76561197980779172,Recommended,245280,25827826,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ManJuiceD,"I loved this game! The game itself is visually beautiful to look at and the mechanics are good. The story is somewhat interesting as we never truly understand whom the characters are. What made me really impressed though are the amazing voice-acting! The acting is very believable and the game made me laugh out loud at times. Which is a something a seldom do. I absolutely recommend this game! After you complete the game, be sure to do the extra mission! Loved it!This game is an adventure/arcade game where you have the fighting against Mechs, which is very well done, and the climbing part where you must get to use your ""monkey"" skills! This game for me is 8/10 and is absolutely worth your time and money.Only thing it could be better as is giving us a little more backstory to our characters, why the world is overtaken by Mechs and make the climbing part a bit more challenging."
,Recommended,245280,25930783,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FANTAK,this game got me Trippin
,Recommended,245280,25919595,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Delt (AR),"First off, forget the play time, that's not accurate.Enslaved was a game that first caught my attention years ago when I saw the preview in a GameInformer magazine. It was a time when the first person shooter was kind of the gaming industry, and the different gameplay caught my attention as well as the highly stylized visuals that were striking and bright in an era of browns and grays. Unfortunately at that time I didn't have a PS3 or 360 to pick the game up, so my memory fell to the way side.Cut to 5 years later when I have a PC that can actually do some gaming and I notice that Enslaved is now on Steam, and for cheap, too! I picked it up on a Christmas sale (or maybe a Humble Bundle) and let it sit for many months; finally, I mention to a friend that I had bought it and he looks at me and and says ""You need to play that game, it's fantastic."" This friend happened to be my professor in Game Design (which I went to school for), and I knew if he was saying something, then it needed to jump to the top of my priorities list.The first thing I noticed about the game other than the visual style was the controls. They felt a bit clunky and strange for keyboard controls and it was immediately obvious that this was a pretty straightforward port from the console version, as opposed to a redefined experience with a different control scheme. At first, some of the button placements for various moves felt awkward, but as I made my way through the first tutorial level, I began to get the flow of everything, and the seemingly strange buttons started to make sense. Don't get me wrong, I would definitely recommend playing this on a controller, but if you must use a mouse and keyboard, it grows on you.After tackling the controls and coming out on top, I finally manage to let myself become engrossed in the story and atmosphere of it all, and that's where this game really shines. The story itself is fairly straightforward, but not boring. It's interesting, and when it is coupled with the fantastic world around it, then it begins to flow well. This is a different post-apocalypse, a brighter one. One that is less grit, and more grease. Everything shines, and when you're not in a lush city being retaken by nature, you're in a junkyard fortress, or some other fantastic environment. The thing is, even when the game gets deep and shadowy, it never truly gets visually dark, a post-apocylptic aesthetic that is rarely seen nowadays. The closest I can really get is somethinng like The Last of Us with less smog and spores, and fresh air instead.As great as the environment is though, it's the characters that really make this game. Trip, Monkey, and eventually Pigsy are fantastic characters that grow over the course of their adventure, and have ended up becoming some of my favorite game characters of all time. It's not so much their adventure that drives this game, but their development as people during it. And possibly the most important part to making these characters come alive are thier voice actors. Andy Serkis as Monkey, Lindsey Shaw as Trip, and Richard Ridings as Pigsy give these characters life through their dialogue in only the way a talented voice actor can. All three are fantastic, but I believe that Serkis is easily the standout of the group, and his portrayal of Monkey is absolutely wondrous.All in all, this game is a fantastic journey, and one I believe that any gamer who appreciates games as an art should partake in. It has impressed me in a way very few games have managed, and I feel that I've learned much as a gamer, developer, and writer from it.TL;DR - Play it, iz real good."
76561198297022939,Recommended,245280,26360712,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,AZAD,interesting game
,Recommended,245280,26022763,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,sajittarius,"Pros:Story = solid (based on a classic Chinese Story but converted to apocalyptic wasteland)Voice acting = amazing (Andy Serkis, who played Gollum, voices the main character)Gameplay = solid   (On Normal, there are times you need to shoot things while being attacked and vice versa, definitely took some concentration)Cons:The graphics default to 720p (need to edit a config file to upgrade; its Unreal Engine, so not terribly difficult)Game lasts about 8 or 9 hours (may not even be a bad thing)Very occasionally, they throw a boss mechanic in but you dont see what they are talking about (for example one fight they say 'knock down that fuel tank up there,' but because of the camera angle you can't see it, i had to die and restart that fight to see what they meant)This game was way better than I expected.   I edited to the ini file and enabled ambient occlusion with nvidia inspector, the game has some amazing environments and playing it tweaked 1440p was amazing (defaults to 720p).Also, it doesnt overstay it's welcome, yet still feels satisfying to play through.   From the beginning you are thrown into this crazy world and have to figure it out on the fly.    The story/voices/environments/cutscenes combine perfectly.   It's just a really well made game."
76561198115360753,Recommended,245280,26006408,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,SEA-CHICKEN,"I absolutley loved this game. its story was compelling and it was a journey. No matter who you are, you should try this game. I didnt think i would like it but it ended up being one of the best games ive ever played."
,Recommended,245280,26236717,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Snowmind,"ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the Westis an action adventure game that caught me by surprise. Purchased on sale sometime ago, it stayed in my backlog while my expectations of it were quite low and had completely forgotten about it. Trying it out today for the first time, I have to sayit blew my mind awayin such a way that Resident Evil 4 did 10 years ago on the Wii and its introduction of motion controls.Being a console port of course the usual gripes follow it, such as no screen/gpu options to fine-tune, bearable keyboard/mouse controls, fixed fps, some awkward camera views etc. I found that my modest/dated laptop (nVidia GTX860m) managed to deliver the 60fps @ 1080p resolution with just few and afar fps drops when there was a lot of action going on (xsplit indicated drops to 45fps). To add to that, initially playing with the keyboard/mouse combo it was unsatisfying and switching to DS4 gamepad it made a noticeable difference.Despite the above, I thoroughly enjoyed ENSLAVED: Odyssey to the West. The scripted action was well placed, with a number of almost ""on the rails"" events that unfold to tell the story and the graphics galore sequences that accompany each step, were a pleasure to watch. Not to forget the enemy finishing moves (takedowns) which were great fun when the timing would trigger them!! On normal difficulty I found Enslaved relative easy, with over 2.5hrs non-stop immersion gaming till the first death and only a couple sticky points to require multiple re-runs (village top & leviathan power couples). Part of the game's charm for me was the amazing motion and voice acting of Monkey by Andy Serkis (Gollum?) along with Lindsay Shaw (Tripitaka), which brought the story of Wu Cheng'en's excellent novel, Journey to the West, into it's futuristic re-imagination. Having read the original, I was pleasantly surprised remembering all the references, roles and parallels of the original story.Not a game for everyone but highly recommended nevertheless."
,Recommended,245280,26253319,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheTeaHermit,"An entirely pleasant and fun game. The mechianics are interesting enough to keep you engaged throughout. Level type is kept interesting and fresh throughout. Consistently challenging with the skills you choose to level up proving to truly affect your gameplay style. Gorgeous graphics for a game as old as it is. I managed to beat it relatively quickly, but it kept me entertained the entire time. From what I understand the beauty of this game comes from it's mo-cap which is done by the same talented actor as Smegul (from LOTR) if I am not mistaken."
76561198041951425,Recommended,245280,26699042,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DatBuddy,"One of my favourite games of all time. This game features the best story I have ever seen in a game, fun gameplay and cool level design. All in all if you like adventure games, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,245280,26641051,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,VertiBRO,"The good: Colorful scenery, good voice acting, good pacing, loved Piggy and Truffle. Low impact gameplay for those times where you don’t want to get too involved.The bad: Gameplay gets repetitive after a while. Requires a controller.  Combat is very shallow with a light attack, a heavy attack, and a few special moves thrown in. The platforming is way too easy; just hold direction and press button on controller. The plot is pretty thin and predictable. Platforming hand holds and drop downs can get lost in the environment leading to frustration on where to go next or what the path forward is.6/10. Recommend getting during a sale."
76561198042109902,Recommended,245280,20168256,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,G4MB1T,"Fantastic story integrated in a 3rd person hack and slash platformer. This is one of those hidden gems that has been overlooked for whatever reasons. I first seen it online as games we missed type segments. It is not a revolutionary game by any means but one worth the time it takes to complete.Very driven story.Environments are done with detail and convey a real post apocalyptic setting but with all lush green unlike many others which are dark and morbid.Musics greatCharecters are good to connect to and their emotional journey/relationship changes is displayed well, although the ending did have twists in it it was dissapointing to me.Standard gameplay fair, you have several different attack patterns and unlock new abilities as you progress combined with blocking and dodgin mechanics etc.It did a great job of making me you feel isolated and alone in a world you dont belong to anymore and that pretty much each step you take is anoter one you should be thankful for because robots are trying to kill you all the time."
76561198005917155,Not Recommended,245280,20140256,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jennifufu,"I really wanted to like this game. I would go so far to say that it's not a ""bad"" game, so to speak. But, it is a game, and as games go, it's not fun. That's fine for some games, some games are supposed to be thought provoking and not necessarily meant for the enjoyment as much as for the challenge. Unfortunately, this game is neither fun nor challenging. Getting right down to it, this game is a chore and not the kind of chore where you are excited to do the work in the game because it will pay off later. No, just a basic chore, go here, do this, now go over here and do this, fight these things, now go over here and do this other thing.The whole time you are on an everlasting escort mission, one that you really have no reason for being on. You start out on a slave ship or something and you are trying to escape it, this woman is running ahead of you and instead of saying, ""Hey! You are a slave too! We should team up and get outta here and then go our separate ways, or instead we could team up and take it to the bad guys!"" or whatever. Instead, she stops your escape the entire time and even locks you outside of the escape pod she is in. Once you land, having survived being launched off of a crashing escape pod that, based on the damage dealt by the enemies you are fighting, should have killed you like twenty times over, you should be the syrup for a pancake. But it's a video game so whatever, let's go with it, you pass out and then chicky puts some kind of slave head band on you that will hurt you if she commands it to. Ok, that's fine I guess except that none of that would be necessary if she hadn't been such a c**t in the first place in stopping you from escaping along with her. So, the slave headband collar, whatever, thing is on you, well, she needs you to advance, if she wishes to survive she needs you and the only thing the command headband thing does is hurt you so, if she wants you to do all the intricate jumps and flips and whatever the hell else you are doing as you advance in the game she needs to not use it which means that the best she can do is threaten to kill you with it but if she does that she's totally screwed because just first starting out you are trapped behind some rather intricate jumps and such so she wouldn't be able to get past the first bridge without you there which means that you being alive is more important to her, technically, than her being alive which means that all you would have to do is say, ""No. I'm not going anywhere until you take this thing off of me."" If she doesn't then the enemies catch up to you and you die, she has to if she wants to live. I am all for keeping the person that you need, to survive, on a ""leash"" but he has no incentive to do what she says, mainly because if she dies he dies too, so, who's to say that she doesn't accidentally walk in front of an enemy and get brained? None, so, even if you do what she says you have just as much chance to die as if you don't do what she says.Another thing that I find a tiny bit disturbing is that she is totally role cast as the damsel in distress that can't do anything for herself the only issue with that is that she took out an entire slave ship on her own in the opening scenes of the game. The whole premise is forced on you in a very unthought out and clunky way. You don't have any reason to do what you are being told to do and even if you did all you have to do is knock her out when she isn't paying attention. The headband works off of voice commands so, worst case scenario you could, a bit morbid here, remove her tongue and just carry her around doing whatever you want until you can find a way to get the headband off and kill her. That's not even mentioning the fact that you are supposedly up against an enemy that has taken out the entire human species aside from a few small sects that are hiding here and there. It is a game but it isn't even close to being, even in the slightest bit, in the realm of reality nor does it make any sense or give you any positive motive to play it. It's a chore, a dull, lazily made, jumping puzzle filled, escort the useless chick for reasons that make no sense, game. It makes me think if Half Life 2 had a mentally challenged cousin that occasionally climbed rebar that was sticking out of collapsed buildings and was attracted to glowy red lights that were inexplicably scattered all over the place, this would be it."
,Recommended,245280,20160837,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,RichardB,"Really, astoundingly pretty to look at. Particularly in the early chapters, every single frame is gorgeous. Characters are well written, likeable and hateable (as appropriate) and the voice acting is sublime. Gameplay is pleasant throughout. You're doing a large variety of different simple things that are all fun. I especially love the way that the dynamic between Trip and Monkey evolves through the course of the plot."
76561198262393769,Recommended,245280,21181028,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ybe83,"Really enjoyed the game. It has nice interesting story and setting, graphics is beautiful, although looks a bit dated in 2016, but as a whole it's a total win and the gameplay includes some variety. A lot of action and yet not too hardcore, so a pleasure to play, i.e. although the game contains several challenging parts this is not a kind of work to do repeating the same tedious checkpoints thousand times like in some other games.Only one negative point -- required some hacks to apply to fix graphics rendering issues (glitchy shadows)."
76561198087040424,Recommended,245280,21056416,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,NAVAJOWHITE,This game is wonderful!
76561198071546554,Recommended,245280,21531013,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,fyou,"it was a nice game, played a lot like the last of us for ps. only bad thing about it was the camera handling which was a tad to forced for my taste, but still manageable with a xbox controller.the story was ""good"", nothing too crazy but with a nice twist at the end(again, the last of us style) and leaves you with a great unanswered question.all in all a 7/10 maybe, certainly worth the 5€ i had to pay."
76561198012833532,Recommended,245280,21446559,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Andy Serkis is the main protagonist, he is the main villain, Andy Serkis is god of motion capture. But about the game... it is little bit weird apocalyptic future and the game mechanics seem a little but rusty. Ninja Theory are capable of doing much better games. Still overall it is decent amount of fun and the visual artstyle is superb."
76561197970339165,Recommended,245280,21362354,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Yūgen,"An extremely linear, repetitive romp. Fine, if that's what you're lookign for.Game plays smoothly enough. I ran into a few in-game progression halting bugs though which required restarting the game. Overall decent."
,Recommended,245280,21307501,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Norse,This game feels like The Last of Us but more futuristic and instead of zombies there are mechs who would like nothing more than to smash your face in.
,Recommended,245280,10551293,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tose,"Played it through on xbox360, just had to have it on PC. The art style in full 1080p is breathtaking. One of the best stories in videogame history!"
76561198258846863,Recommended,245280,27562096,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RickHi,"So i first played this game on PS3 when it came out and loved it very much.When i got a new PC and saw that it was on steam i bought it right away to se if it still held up and i am happy to say that it still does so i nominated this game for the ""Still holds up"" award.This is one of my favorite games of all time and i highly recommend it."
,Recommended,245280,27442569,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,James,Enslaved tells a captivating story and is a very interesting new take on the classic 'Journey to the West'. Would highly recommend to anyone that's a fan of narrative in games.
,Recommended,245280,28096446,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Natey 180,"This is a lot more fun than some people gave it. The combat is easy to get a hang of but it delivers a challenge in some situations depending on difficulty.. On Normal I had enough of a challange to be entertained. Story is pretty interesting, I like games that kinda just drop you in the middle of a timeline and you work out what happened before you ended up there while you progress and figure out whats going to happen next so story telling is done well. Also the environments are very intriguing.. It's probably the hipster to other post cyber apocalypse games... Although I'm sure there are other games with similar concepts that outdate this one. Still cool though."
76561198163295411,Recommended,245280,28112619,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Psycho,"I recommend it because it make me write  this words. I liked the story, most of all, i get attached with the characters. the controls and camera sometimes are a bit messy, but not game breaker.Only got one annoying bug in the windmill, but saint google gave me the answer."
76561197988332162,Recommended,245280,28133959,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mythile,"So I bought this game at least two years ago. I had trouble getting to it with other games I felt I would have more fun playing. I felt ashamed it took me this long to play this game. A fantastic story mixed with lovable characters. The combat wasn't all that challenging but I played it more for the story and characters. I was never bored of the combat but it just wasn't hard. The best part is that I could quit or pause whenever I wanted to and get right back into later on. There isn't that many games that although that nowadays. At one time I took a hiatus of at least a week or two from it. I came back and was able to pick right up where I left off. The story was memorable enough so that I didn't forget and the mechanics are easy enough to pick up right away. I can't praise this game enough for everything it does right, highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,245280,28015587,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Catcher40,Most underated game ever shame they never made a second one.
76561198261804201,Recommended,245280,28218116,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Sofia,"Enslaved has defenitely made it into my top favorite games! Its story is touching, the charcters lovable (well, maybe not Pigsy) and the fighting is fun. There are so much more different facial expressions than I've ever seen in a game before. You always know how the characters are feeling.The small bossfights are fun, and really, who doesnt want to fly around on a mechanical cloud and do cool stunts?I disliked some things, like the Machine Gun defense games, where you just have to stay on one point an shoot everything, but luckily, there are not too many of those. I also disliked Pigsy, but thats maybe just me.So whoever wants to play a game with a great story, and amazing scenery, I recommend this to you!"
76561198058828212,Recommended,245280,27909191,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Valentine,"It's like Prince of Persia, but you can't accidently jump off ledges into the abyss."
76561198044005886,Recommended,245280,12462640,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Serenity,I love the game but it has a few bugs so far since I'be been playing it. After a cut scene the game process stops and you have to either Alt + F4 and start from the last checkpoint or just Alt + F4 and give it a break. It really kills the mood.AMD Athlon II X3 445 3.10 GHz6 GB DDR 1333ASUS Radeon HD 7790 1GB OC
,Recommended,245280,27420025,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,๖ۣۜNonRobotic,Ive always wanted to play this game when it first came out for ps3. Im glad i finally got the chance to play this game. The characters really make this game. Anyone that likes adventure and story driven games with solid characters should pick this game up now!
76561198085924937,Recommended,245280,27361428,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tistewart1992,"Enslaved is without a doubt one of rare and often overlooked gems from that failed to get the proper recognition it sorely deserves. Drawing inspiration from one of the greatest Chinese epics ever written and giving it a delicious modern flair, Enslaved, gives a jaw dropping performance in terms of visuals and acting. This is in no small part due to Andy Serkis' masterful performance as Monkey, delievering a performance that captures the player's attentions from start to finish. The narrative is also masterful written in a way that honors its source material, while at the same time giving it just enough of a modern touch that makes the story all the more engaging. I would highly reccomend this to anyone familiar with Journey to the West and who is also of video games as an art form and as a form of story telling."
76561198217922124,Recommended,245280,26596500,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mordecai,"One of my favorites games, for me this game was really enjoyable, the game story is good, nice music, the voices are well adapted to the characters personality, and speaking of personality they are very good adapted to all the characters, the facial gestures and body movements transmit their feelings very well, Monkey remind me one of my closest friends.But the gameplay has some issues too, some glitches and the camera can be frustrated sometimes, I decided to play with a gamepad because play with the mouse I just couldn't play well.In general 8.5/10"
76561197972097151,Recommended,245280,27630801,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Grizzkhit,"A really good adventure game were you play as the monkey king basically. I really liked the story, it was just the right length.If you are looking for a good sci-fi post apocalyptic adventure you should give this a try, and nowadays it seems to be on sale often. I did not have much faith in the game when I bought it but it really surprised me."
,Recommended,245280,27740917,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BlackMenthol,"Even if the gameplay is not one of the best around, this game has an excellent story with very good writing and superb voice acting. Overall it was a great experience that I feel I could recommend to everyone."
,Recommended,245280,27732392,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tagato,BEST STORY COULD EVER ASK FOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245280,27842662,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ol_Ironthighs,"Pretty fun so far, combat is a bit too easy."
,Recommended,245280,27773466,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Onion,"A great game to get into.  Beautiful, fun and filled with interesting characters."
,Recommended,245280,12933377,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Fat Ninja Walrus,"This game joins 'Metal Arms: Glitch in the System' in my category of games that are so unknown and overlooked that it's heartbreaking. When I saw this on sale I had to grab it - I hadn't even realized it was on Steam!  Exciting story and gameplay, great to look at, no wonky controls, decent upgrade system, combat is fun, and riding the cloud is fantastically enjoyable. The music brilliantly done, too.Seems it could use a patch - there are a few threads floating around about good rigs having bouts of freezing, often during cutscenes. Is it annoying? Yes. Does it detract from the gameplay? Maybe. Should it stop you from buying this game? Not on your life."
,Recommended,245280,27900518,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Termix,Cute girl enslaves a guy named Monkey.Timeless.
76561198137290163,Recommended,245280,28665090,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,LittleBoyWonder,"really cool game with a beautiful atmosphere in a post-apocalyptic setting. The characters, eventho there are few, are really great and the interaction between them is just hilarious"
,Recommended,245280,27975533,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,кожаный ублюдок,"My thoughts on this were ""HOW COME I MISSED THIS GAME IN 2013?!!!"" Strongly recommend alongside the same aged title ""Remember me""!!! My very 2ND choice for ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" nomination (after ""The last of us"" which is, you know, not present on pc)"
,Recommended,245280,27604786,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Homage,"Beautiful game with great story and characters. Unfortunately bad marketing killed all chances on sequel. If you looking for a clever andventure gane give it a chance, and you might be pleasantly surprised"
76561198180184487,Recommended,245280,27848751,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jay,"This is one of those under the radar games that everyone should play. It has a good story, great game play, colorful and unique landscapes.  It's not the best port on PC, it plays fine, but lacks graphics options. You can at least adjust things using the .ini file. Definitely pick this game up on the next Steam sale."
,Recommended,245280,28724264,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ADON,have played and finished it on my ps3probably one of my most favorite game
76561197987069047,Recommended,245280,25974210,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,shadowhhold,"Mike ""The Situation"" and his over-controlling girlfriend save the world from robots"
76561198013848200,Recommended,245280,33371767,Posted: 8 July,all,jack_of_tears,"I had some difficulty with the controls for this game - a keyboard+mouse wasn't sufficient for moving through the environment (it can be extremely difficult to aim your character at times), and combat was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with a controller - but the game itself was a lot of fun, the story is simple, but interesting and, most importantly, the chemistry between the characters is so strong it will carry the rest of the game on its back.As frustrating as the gameplay could be, at times, I was glad I made the effort to play it all the way through."
,Recommended,245280,33422685,Posted: 9 July,all,berni.v.d.b,"I rented this game a number of years ago on the 360 and got about 2/3 of the way through over a weekend. Moments from the game always stayed with me though and I eventually picked it up for cheap on sale.I really love this game but I don't think it is a great game. The connection it builds between the two protagonists is delightfully well done, however and the emotion is real and the gameplay is fun. Worth a try and with about 8 hours worth of gameplay, perfect for finishing over a weekend."
,Recommended,245280,33482699,Posted: 12 July,all,taliko,"I bought this game on sale just to try out my new gaming laptop, and I am so glad I did. A retelling of the ancient Chinese story ""Journey to the West"" set in a post-apocalyptic future with all the parkour-platforming we've come to expect in recent years. The story is much more faceted than it would originally seem, and the game does a fantastic job telling by showing. Definitely a lot of fun and highly recommended."
76561198128438685,Recommended,245280,31206404,Posted: 17 April,all,M3RS,"It´s awesome, beutiful and interesting but play it on console because on PC there are not very good controls and camera it´s kinda wanky. Sadly I don´t have a console so it will need to wait. Play this ;) But only on CONSOLE."
,Recommended,245280,33492329,Posted: 12 July,all,SenorSunday,"While it doesn't always take itself seriously, the plot is actually worthwhile.The combat is challenging, but no brick wall.Yeah the game has aged. There are some mods to make up for that."
,Recommended,245280,33618079,Posted: 17 July,all,Tsul,"Solid gameplay, interesting characters, great voicework, and a story with a hook until the very end where it falls flat. Despite the let down, will remain a fond memory and wish there was a sequal."
,Recommended,245280,29979707,Posted: 17 February,all,MisterPhillthy,"Awesome version of the Monkey Magic story set in a post apocalyptic world.Gameplay climbing and combat is simple but enjoyable, but the main feature of this game is the story and acting by the amazing Andy Serkis."
76561198034281777,Recommended,245280,33943288,Posted: 31 July,all,ZeN,"Bought for the nice visuals, and was surprised with the great characters, voice acting, and a pretty good story. The camera is really tricky (or pretty bad, but reducing mouse sensitivity helps a lot) and after set you get used to it."
76561198080487098,Recommended,245280,34077343,Posted: 7 August,all,Damian Todd,great game great story and combat love these types of games from bandai namco
,Recommended,245280,24529767,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Plister Mats,"Its combat isn't anything to write home about and it isn't the best port. But ENSLAVED: Odessey to the West has a thoughtful story based on the old Chinese novel, beautiful vistas and great voice and motion capture performances from Andy Serkis and crew. It's too bad the poor sales didn't warrant a sequel.Story: 9Visuals: 8.5Audio: 9Gameplay: 7Lasting Appeal: 6.5Overall:8Great"
,Recommended,245280,34429620,Posted: 22 August,all,GarrickWinter,"This was actually really fun! It's a straightforward AAA-style game as far as things go - linear level design, linear story, lots of fighting mooks and solving simple level puzzles. But everything is done to a nice degree of quality. The art is lovely - this is one of the best-looking post-apocalyptic settings I've seen, and what few characters there are are surprisingly well-animated with character and individuality (it helps there are really only three characters worth mentioning). The voice acting is generally good, the characters are likeable and their relationships generally believable (though a few things, like Pigsy's rivalry with Monkey, feel a bit rushed narratively speaking), the story is very basic but still solid, and the dialog writing is pretty natural and can actually get pretty funny sometimes.Gameplay is really focused on two pillars, combat and puzzle-platforming. Combat is pretty straightforward, with a few possible moves and enemy types providing just enough variety in the enemies that combat doesn't get too repetitive. You've also got your companion Trip to coordinate with - she can setup decoys that distract enemy fire, or you can shout out to draw their attention and send her running around. Coordinating with her works well, and is a simple but nice way of reinforcing their narrative relationship through gameplay systems.The level puzzles are generally simple, and the platforming is great fun - Monkey is the most hilariously athletic parkour athlete ever featured in video games. Seriously, he looks like 100 kg of solid muscle but this guy can fling himself ten meters in the air and do aerial backflips between bars across huge chasms. It's fun to watch, that's for sure.It's not perfect, of course. Sometimes the camera can get a little wonky, though, switching angles suddenly or getting into awkward positions; and because movement is often screen-relative and not character-relative, this can throw you off and require a second to adjust how you're controlling the character. There's a hoverboard that's activated in a few sections, but controlling it is a bit awkward - it's both slippery and unresponsive, so it's easy to go flying off platforms or into walls. And the default settings for ranged weapon aiming sensitivity are just awful - go crank that stuff up to max.There's a skill tree system, but to get the most out of it I think you really need to scour the levels thoroughly - I made a point to collect the XP I could see and only maxed out two of the four skill trees, with a couple of helpful skills from the remaining two, but achievements indicate it should be possible to unlock all the skills. The rest of that XP is probably hidden well out of sight.But for the most part, I had a lot of fun with this. It's reasonably short, has a nice and simple action-adventure storyline, I liked both the protagonists as well as the world, and the gameplay was paced and varied out just enough that things never felt repetitive. Time and money well-spent, I say."
,Recommended,245280,34366645,Posted: 19 August,all,gorba,"As console ports go it's good. There's a unique graphical style that I appreciated. Also seeing Andy Serkis' involvement is great. All the leads give great performances. I especially liked Lindsey Shaw performance as Trip, and the mocap does an amazing job capturing the facial nuances. Story is engaging. Characters are memorable. Boss fights are fun and varied. At $20, it's a great buy."
,Recommended,245280,25915400,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Higgy,"Pros:-Interesting main characters-great voice acting-original world and environment-well designed combat-a few interesting puzzles-decent upgrade systemCons:-terrible camera (it is way too close and cant be changed)-VERY LinearOverall, worth about $10-$15. Its a good game to play once, but forgettable."
76561198025488494,Recommended,245280,12944415,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Caelin,"A few years ago I played this game and found the keyboard and mouse controls so awful that I gave up on it and posted a negative review (below, in case you want to read it).  I recently acquired a controller and decided to give the game another try and found it remarkably good.  The storyline and script are well written and the voice acting is outstanding.  Generally it was clear what the next goal or task was so, even for an idiot such as myself, there was no frustration in trying to figure out what to do next.  While this game does have the checkpoint saving system, which I generally dislike, I found that the checkpoints were close enough that dying didn't set me back too far.All in all this was a fantastic game which I have recommended strongly to all of my gaming friends and recommend strongly to all of you too.***Original review below*** (still applicable to those without a controller):The beginning of this game is captivating and it definitely has the beginnings of a great story, but as a PC port I find the menu and control system intolerable.  I have spent more time editing the .ini files than playing the game (which isn't much time, really) and am now giving up trying to make it functional.  At one point I was asked to press and hold a button which does not work (middle mouse button); went to change the binding in the options menu so that I could comply and discovered that bindings cannot be changed during gameplay, only from the main menu.  This prompted the loss of about fifteen minutes of gameplay which is unfortunate, but fine if it means I can have a good gameplay experience.  It happens.  While out of the game, I also took the opportunity to try to fix some of the more aggravating gameplay issues such as the inability to change the mouse sensitivity in-game (which is set exceptionally low), the abhorrent camera angles and camera controls and the observation that changing the graphics settings in-game has no effect on the graphics.   After an hour of messing around in the initialization files and succeeding only in changing the graphics settings and neither the camera controls or mouse sensitivity, I gave up.To think that a modern game requires the editing of initialization files to effect changes that appear in the menu system but do not function is really mind-blowing.This game looks fantastic, and the story looks great, but I have little tolerance for fighting the controls more than I'm fighting the enemies around me.***End original review***"
,Recommended,245280,34345262,Posted: 19 August,all,NicHasFreckles,"I got mad at the puzzles because I suck at puzzles. Then I cried at the end. I love this game, even though it has puzzles."
,Recommended,245280,34486597,Posted: 25 August,all,Ziuwaz,"Was an enjoyable ride. Not the best game ever, but fun to dive in once in a while. Graphics are ok, story's ok, combat and camera are a bit annoying though and I had to remove the 60 fps lock via the game files.If it's on sale I'd recomment to pick it up, don't know if I'd pay the standard 20 bucks for it."
,Recommended,245280,13820004,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Trublade,"This is a game that must be played to love, just buy and play it. I bought this game for my nephew on the Xbox 360 and watched him play it, he loved it. Years later I played the whole campaign on the PC version, what we have here is an endearing title.https://vimeo.com/183773873"
76561198026940142,Recommended,245280,34780675,Posted: 6 September,all,RaWr BoomerangLC,"This was an aboslutely fantastic game. Just finished my second round through the main game and liked it even more! The narrative, characters, and action is all intriguing. Platforming was quite enjoyable too, which I rarely enjoy in linear games but quite enjoyed in this one."
,Recommended,245280,15923514,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Vince,"I enjoyed it! If you like games that have a solid story, gameplay, and soundtrack then buy this title."
76561198057271142,Not Recommended,245280,34980997,Posted: 15 September,all,0ZYX,Bad game.
,Recommended,245280,35510953,Posted: 5 October,all,Ursus Niger,"You'll get dizzy with the camera, and the unskippable cutscenes will make you crazy. Not the best computer port I've seen but is by far not the worst one. The story is decently written (it is basically sun wukong's story), and the playability is pretty easy to understand. Maybe a little short, but overall a nice game. I'd reccomend it, but try getting it on sale."
76561197971077036,Not Recommended,245280,35516358,Posted: 6 October,all,Kingrat,"I got this game in a bundle a while ago, and I had heard good things about it. Unfortunately, it did not live up to its hype. While the story seemed good, the game is let down by technical issues. Grpahics settings are not applied by the in game menu. You have to manually set them in the game's ini files. The camera controls are ridiculously janky. To the point I felt that I was fighting with the controls in order to even play the game. It did not matter if I was using a controller or Mouse and Keyboard. It has been a long time since a game gave me a headache while trying to play it, this one succeeded.All of this is a shame, because the story and initial presentation looked so promising. In the end, I can't reccomend this game."
