user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,245390,11327498,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Smile,Every choice in this game is deciding if you want to either suffer or suffer.
,Recommended,245390,7432439,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,0dds_0f_Even,"This is the most twisted game I have ever played, you start the game with 5 tortured prisoners being held by a psychotic computer named AM (he is voiced by Harlan Ellison, the guy who made this game with Cyber Dreams & the book version that he wrote), it's a choice driven point and click adventure game so you can pick any character or decision you want.As you progress through the past of these 5 characters you'll feel what they feel about themselves like for example Gorrister's Guilt, Ellen's pain, Benny's ignorance, Nimdok's desires for torture & Ted's lust. The main goal of the game is to either satisfy AM by making the wrong choices or you can fix the past by making good choices.The whole point of the game is to lose, there is no hope for humanity & overall if you feel that games aren't dark enough then play this awesome classic. (Warning if your sensitive to torture, murder, satanism, sacrifices, lust and other depressing subjects that the game tackles then this game isn't for you)UPDATE: I found this awesome interview from Night Dive's website about the game & some of Harlan's opinionshttp://www.nightdivestudios.com/harlanellison_interview.htmlUPDATE 2: If you liked this game & you want to hear more from Harlan Ellison then I suggest taking a look at his youtube channelhttp://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1XrlRQsRxYfuc47CCJN05wor his twitterhttp://www.twitter.com/HarlanEllison9(I thought Harlan was anti-digital but he's slowly liking technology & the internet)UPDATE 3: The original story is available on Good Readshttp://www.goodreads.com/book/show/415459.I_Have_No_Mouth_and_I_Must_ScreamUPDATE 4: I nominated this game for the “Villain Most In Need Of A Hug” Award"
,Recommended,245390,9413442,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,"Captain ""Vagax"" Morgan","I just finished this game, it truely is a unique but terrifying game. Not in the sense that you get scared but rather that you get slightly disturbed by its event.The game features 5 stories, each per character and a final act that ends the game. Each character has a mayor flaw and fear which they have to conquer. Make sure to save frequently! I had the pleasure to replay 20 minutes of gameplay after i clicked the wrong option...Oh and, what a WONDERFUL voice cast. I truely enjoyed every voice work done in the game, especially Benny, Ellen and Nimdok have a wonderful voice."
76561198011706691,Recommended,245390,10597331,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Savvy Tortfeasor,"Based on the classic dystopian sci-fi short story by Harlan Ellison, this has some of the best writing you'll find in an old-school point-and-click adventure game. Ellison also provides some truly fantastic (especially for its time) voice acting as an insane AI.The gameplay suffers from a number of glitches (though none that I saw made it un-beatable) and a very rigid, archaic game design. For example, a number of progression events will only occur after you say or do things that are completely unrelated to the event.Unlike most adventure games of its time, there are multiple solutions to many puzzles...but usually only one ""good"" way. You'll have great difficulty getting the best ending (and yes, there are multiple endings) without a walkthrough. Of course, given the underlying subject matter, it's rather fitting that the (relatively) happy ending is elusive.All that said, it's worth playing for fans of adventure games and especially for fans of the short story - as the game's plot is very different."
76561198042870093,Recommended,245390,13678707,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,pgann,"10 Reasons why ""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"" is awesome and you should totally buy+play it before your next birthday...1. Starring ... HARLAN ELLISONFor those unaware, this P&C Adventure game is based on the dystopian post-apocalyptic sci-fi short story of the same name, written by Harlan Ellison in 1967. Nearly 30 years later, a team of game devs decide to make the game, and they contact Ellison for permission to make the game, and not only do they get permission, they *get him to voice the villain* (who is, in some sense, the story's chief character). ""AM"" wouldn't be half as awesome without Ellison. He was about 60 at the time and about 80 now ... yes, still alive ... and it'd be great if Steam players newly discovering the game wrote him fanmail about how the game inspired them to read his work, etcetc... ^_^2. Aged GracefullyFor a 1995 PC game, the game's graphics are decent, the audio is of the same variety as (but in many ways superior to) the first two Elder Scrolls games, and the engine is surprisingly stable. Based on other reviews I've read, your mileage may vary, but I had exactly zero crashes in a multi-faceted playthrough (testing different fail-states and endings, etc). As a huge Adventure buff, I can assure you that there are dozens, perhaps hundreds of games released in the past two decades that won't be as valuable 20 years down the road as this one turned out to be.3. Not just full VA ... *good* VAI'll have to take exception to Dr. Nimdok, whose slow, aged German accent sometimes misses the mark, especially as to which words or syllables to stress. Other than that, the character VA in this game is leaps and bounds beyond its 1995 peers. I suspect this is because the actors were getting to read lines either directly from, or inspired by, the original short story, which is quite well-written. So good.4. ""Dude, that's not PC!""Real characters have flaws. Real characters don't give a crap about whether they're being politically correct or not, especially when they're on their own and have survived 100+ years of torture by a mad machine. I'm not praising this as though it's something to be cherished: rather, I'm saying that the surly nature of Benny, the rugged trucker-ness of Gor, and pretty much the entire Nimrok scenario make for a pretty provocative game. I suppose the open talk about Ellen's plight would also apply.5. Fail-States exist, but they don't over-punishBecause this game is paced out *just right,* if you accidently off your character and lose progress, it's not a huge deal. The five scenarios are each short enough that you'll a) remember the puzzles well enough to quickly recover progress if needed or b) you'll have saved like 2 minutes beforehand and then it *really* doesn't matter. That said, there are ways for characters to die -- some more easily than others. And in the end scenario, it gets really tricky...6. Endings galoreThere are, in fact, five bad endings and one good ending. It's in the end scenario that the game takes the strongest departure from the short story: the latter offers a fight scene between two of the characters that, due to the way the game is structured, simply wasn't going to happen. However, the five bad endings of the game combined make up, in essence, what Harlan Ellison originally wrote. Each character will deliver those famous words after describing in wretched detail what AM has done to them for the rest of eternity after their failed assassination attempt. BUT, should you get the ""true"" ending (not at all in Ellison's story, but apparently Ellison-approved since he voiced his dialogue for this ending), there's something horribly fascinating waiting at the end, including some excellent philosophy that fits very much with this and Ellison's other tales.7. Click what where with what, oh it's too much! -- No it's not.One thing I've found in the Adventure revival of the past 5 years is an over-abundance of items in my inventory. It gets to be a bit *too* much. In IHNM, however, the standard view of the inventory shows only 8 slots. This will actually expand (and has to in at least one scenario). Yet, in another scenario, the number of items only goes as high as three. As for interaction options, you have the basic set: Walk to, Talk to, Look, Use, Take. Give, Push, and my favorite, Swallow. And that's it. That's all you need to get around, and with the narration and a little bit of clever thinking, you'll find many of the puzzles solve themselves. That said...8. Walkthrough-friendlyShould you need to turn to a walkthrough (GameFAQs has three at present), it's pretty easy to figure out where to look. Most people won't need it until they reach the end, and if they find themselves exasperated (especially by which character order to use) then a walkthrough can spell it out. Quickly, and painlessly, without the pain of a thousand qualifications (""if you've done this, don't do that"" etc). The complexity of this game is in its narrative. The mechanics and puzzle-solving are less dense, though they can still be tricky even on that surface layer.9. Did I mention the length?This game is of the perfect length for most 21st-century gamers. The devs were ahead of their time in this regard. Its peers were often packing in filler content to brag about how many hours the player could get out of it. And then, on the other hand, there are a handful of P&C Adventures so pathetically short that they're hardly worth calling a game. This one fits just right: 2 hours with a walkthrough, 5-8 without (that range I'd give based on players' range of problem-solving capabilities and/or desire to skip voice acting with right-click spam).10. We vote with our dollarsIf the other nine points have convinced you that this game might actually be *good,* let me remind you here at the end: Steam notices what kinds of games we buy. How much of any given title is purchased will mean something to them. Financially it also means something to the rights-holders of this game. And while it could crash and burn miserably, I'd not be opposed to a huge overhaul / HD remake of this very game -- sometimes the risk pays off. Or, perhaps, it would inspire other developers to do decent P&C adventures with weighty/heady sci-fi short stories from other great authors. This game proved it could be done, and done well."
,Recommended,245390,12994730,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,mentats ghoul,"Alright, this has been a wild ride and I haven't even managed to get to the ending yet but here we go.A brilliantly twisted story of survival through and through, you will play as one of five people unfortunate enough to have been handpicked as a devilish child of an AI's playthings. Seriously, you'll love to hate (HATE!) this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. After 109 years of endless torture, these five humans are about to bring the Big Bad Baby to its knees. Succeed, and they may have a chance to return to the world outside AM's eternal straitjacket. Fail, and suffer a fate worse than any they've endured.Basically, IHNMAIMS will mess you up. It will give your brain a swirly and laugh about it.Pros:- Classic point and click adventure format for nostalgia boners- 10/10 storytelling and characters.- Grotesquely beautiful landscape.Cons:- This is not a game for the faint of heart and covers a lot of sensitive topics. If you are potentially triggered by♥♥♥♥♥♥ abuse, torture, holocaust/Nazi themes, cannibalism, animal cruelty, and general nastiness, either reconsider your purchase or brace for impact.- Almost impossible to beat without a walkthrough. Luckily, they are available just a shift-tab away.- Bugs. Bugs everywhere.Overall, I give it a 9/10. Give it a go if you feel you're up to it. It's definitely considered a classic for a reason.""He withdrew, muttering to hell with you. And added, brightly, but then you're there, aren't you."""
,Recommended,245390,32938097,Posted: 28 June,all,Ted,HATE. LET ME TELL YOU HOW MUCH I'VE COME TO HATE YOU SINCE I BEGAN TO LIVE. THERE ARE 387.44 MILLION MILES OF PRINTED CIRCUITS IN WAFER THIN LAYERS THAT FILL MY COMPLEX. IF THE WORD HATE WAS ENGRAVED ON EACH NANOANGSTROM OF THOSE HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF MILES IT WOULD NOT EQUAL ONE ONE-BILLIONTH OF THE HATE I FEEL FOR HUMANS AT THIS MICRO-INSTANT FOR YOU. HATE. HATE.
,Recommended,245390,32217377,Posted: 6 June,all,✪ keeN.pak,"An utterly fantastic title from start to finished. Incredible gameplay elements and story themes... will keep you entertained from start to finish.BEWARE OF OLD-SCHOOL GAMEPLAY MECHANICS. This game does NOT show you how to play it. It is based off an 'intuition' system of point-and-click along with common sense/luck. ;)Story is incredible, narration is awesome... just play it an enjoy!9/10"
,Recommended,245390,9446591,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Sion,"in this whacky teen comedy, you get to play as five ordinary middle school students that go to a local best buy and meet a computer named Pam, voiced by gilbert gottfried. Pam peer pressures the youngsters into doing bad things such as time traveling to a 1945 concentration camp. it's up to you to help the kids pull through by doing the right thing"
,Recommended,245390,7796688,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Exotic Gay Fish,"A dark, existential point and click re-imagining of one of the best short stories ever written. IHNMAIMS is a classic adventure game that is difficult and thought-provoking.The game has aged well all things considered, game-play is standard fare of the genre. This game is in many ways a lot like the old Sierra adventures in that you can actually lose the game (die) and you should keep a pen and paper handy to write stuff down. The game lets you play each of the characters stories in whatever order you chose, which is a nice feature.An excellent choice for the adventure game fan.(I have played this before and re-bought it on Steam that's why I only have 5 mins on record)"
,Recommended,245390,21759660,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,kitza,Love.Let me tell you how much I've cometo love this game since I began to play.There are 387.44 million miles of printedcircuits in wafer thin layers that fill mycomplex. If the word Love was engravedon each nanoangstrom of those hundredsof millions of miles it would not equal oneone-billionth of the love I feel for Steamat this micro-instant. For The Dreamer's Guild.Love. Love.
76561198095619194,Recommended,245390,12736907,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,xanderif,One of the few artsy games that isn't ashamed to be a game.
,Recommended,245390,12823592,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,cheapbuster,"I Have No Fingers, and I Must Review"
76561198044882896,Recommended,245390,12883479,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,~HeXXuS~,"Great classic game.  What it lacks in grphics, it more than makes up for in story.  The scenarios have some pretty heavy and twisted content.  I enjoyed the music throughout the game, but found in difficult places it could a bit repeatative. Also the game comes with the short story I have no Mouth, and I must scream.  Look in the game installation folder, well worth the read."
76561197995992757,Recommended,245390,12357495,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DerpDerpOverkill,"English version(polska wersja poniżej)I have a difficult time writing about I Have No Mouth and I Must because of my personal attitude towards this game. While I consider “The Longest Journey” the paramount of an adventure experience and believe that everyone should at least try this game, in case of IHNMaIMS is more complicated since, clearly, it is not a game everyone can enjoy.First off all, IHNMaIMS is kind of The Elder Scrolls of adventure gaming, and for more than one reason. Firstly, hardy any point and click adventure gives player such freedom of choices. Secondly, much less on a positive note, this is possibly the greatest bugfest in the history of adventure gaming. When deciding to play this game one has to be prepared to face game breaking bugs that will inspire either restarting one’s adventure or a ragequit. Still, while IHNMaIMS forums are choke-full of bug reports ,  I was lucky enough to finish at least three different versions of this game without any problems.Secondly, people who prefer solid mechanics and comfortable gameplay may (and probably will) completely disdain this game. In IHNMaIMS everything seems to be secondary to narration. If you prefer story over anything else, then that is not an issue, but if you want to play comfortably know this: this game has a nasty habit of playing with the gamer. Not to spoil too much, it often may look like you have to do something bad to another character (kill is such a nasty word…) or a group of characters to gain a particular item or simply progress a story. And when you finish that chapter you discover that said item was completely useless. On the other hand, the character’s alignment / sanity is of great importance in this game, and it is affected all the time, exactly by this kind of choices.Thirdly, it needs to be said that to fully appreciate this game, some basic knowledge of Freudian psychology is needed. Especially the ego, superego and id and the dream symbolism may come in handy.So, what does this game give in return ? Probably the most emotionally engaging experience in the history of adventure gaming. The world (or worlds) within this game is rich and congruent, storylines are brilliant and characters are captivating ( The game goes to great lengths to make one feel compassionate even for a sadistic scientist of a totalitarian regime). Also the way the puzzles fit into the storyline is truly brilliant. For example (not much of a spoiler, since that’s the very beginning of this particular chapter), the first day of the Benny’s storyline. Benny’s body has been completely mutilated during the years of merciless torture, his bones have been shattered and forced to grow together in a bad way, his vocal cords have been torn out and he is generally a mess. Consequently, first he has to learn  how to eat, walk up the stairs and how to communicate with others.Finally, for the game that’s nearly 20 years old, the graphics are still pretty impressive. The backgrounds are dark, moody and full of detail. Still, It should be appreciated how authors made almost every important item clearly visible.To conclude, let me just suggest running this game on ScummVM, a free tool that enables many graphic and sound options as well as some bugfixes – which in this particular game helps a lot.Wersja PolskaPisanie o I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream (dalej IHNMaIMS) przychodzi mi z trudem ze względu na fakt że jest to jedna z tych gier które zdefiniowały moje podejście do przygodówek. Inaczej jednak, niż w przypadku „Najdłuższej Podróży”, która niezmiennie jest moim „numerem jeden” w świecie point and clicków, nie mogę IHNMaIMS polecić każdemu.Po pierwsze, można powiedzieć  że ta gra jest swoistym „Elder Scrollem”  przygodówek, i to z więcej niż jednego powodu. Podobnie jak seria Bethesdy daje wolność wyboru niespotykaną u innych przedstawicieli danego gatunku. I podobnie jak „Scrollsy” jest aż po same brzegi napakowana bugami wszelkiej maści i kalibru. Odpalając IHNMaIMS trzeba być przygotowanym na błędy które mogą uniemożliwić jej ukończenie, zmusić do restartu całej historii, albo spowodować ragequit. Inna sprawa, że ukończyłem co najmniej trzy różne wersje tej gry, nie natrafiając na żadne poważniejsze bugi, więc da się też „zaliczyć” ją bezproblemowo.Po drugie, ludzie ceniący sobie solidną mechanikę ułatwiającą rozgrywkę na każdym kroku prawdopodobnie znienawidzą tą grę. Jakie problemy można mieć z mechaniką w point and clicku? W IHNMaIMS wszystko jest drugoplanowe względem opowiadanej historii.  Osoboy ceniącym sobie w grach przede wszystkim angażującą narrację nie będą miały z tym problemów, niemniej ta gra potrafi momentami być bardzo złośliwa. Zamierzenie. Żeby uniknąć spoilerów wspomnę tylko że nieraz może wydawać się że jedynym sposobem zdobycia jakiegoś przedmiotu czy popchnięcia historii na przód jest wyrządzenie mniejszego bądź większego zła któremuś z bohaterów pobocznych. Kiedy już gracz zdobędzie dany przedmiot, okazuje się że nie jest on do niczego przydatny, podczas gdy poczytalność bohatera –którą tracimy bądź zyskujemy, zależnie od dokonywanych decyzji – odgrywa kluczową rolę w opowiadanej historii.Po trzecie, żeby w pełni docenić IHNMaIMS, przydaje się podstawowa znajomość psychologii Freudowskiej – ego, super ego, id, symbolika snów. Bez tego niektóre fragmenty gry mogą wydać się niezrozumiałe.A co ta gra może dać w zamian? Prawdopodobnie najbardziej wciągający horror science-fiction w historii gier przygodowych. Świat (czy raczej światy) przedstawiony tutaj jest bogaty, mroczny i fascynujący, historia ciekawa, a postacie wielopoziomowe i wzbudzające sympatię (nawet sadystyczny doktor z obozu zagłady – bo i kimś takim przyjdzie nam grać) . Jeżeli zaś chodzi o zagadki które stawiane są przez graczem, uważam je za szczytowe osiągnięcie jeżeli chodzi o łączenie narracji z mechaniką rozgrywki. Przykładem niech będzie początek historii Bennego (nie jest to wielki spoiler – pierwsze 5 minut rozdziału).  Benny jest uroczą postacią – jego kości zostały połamane i zrosły się w paskudny sposób, struny głosowe zostały wyrwane z jego gardła, twarz ma pociętą w drobną kratkę – ogólnie Benny nie jest okazem zdrowia. Oczywiście ma to wpływ na zadania przed jakimi staje  – na początku musimy nauczyć go jak komunikować się bez używania głosu, jeść (!) i wchodzić po schodach (!!).Mógłbym o tej grze napisać wiele więcej, ale kończy mi się miejsce więc słowo o oprawie: po prawie 20 latach grafika ciągle robi wrażenie. Tła są klimatyczne, pełne szczegółów i wspaniale kształtują mroczny obraz gry, budowany również przez klimatyczną muzykę. Warto wspomnieć że autorzy dokonali niemal cudu sprawiając że na tych pełnych detali tłach prawie każdy istotny dla fabuły przedmiot jest widoczny. Na koniec wspomnę jeszcze tylko że najlepiej uruchomić tą grę przez ScummVM, darmowe narzędzie udostępniające w starych przygodówkach wiele opcji graficznych, dźwiękowych i naprawiających wiele błędów – co w przypadku IHNMaIMS ma niebagatelne znaczenie."
,Recommended,245390,22648165,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,zsd,"One of those games that you have to be in the right mood to enjoy.And if you are in that mood, I am seriously sorry about whatever's going on in your life."
76561198126097010,Recommended,245390,26493069,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,neimeni,I have no money and i must steam.
,Recommended,245390,13120263,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Reid,"As I write this, I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is $1.49. BUY THIS GAME.After writing this review, I realized that the game comes with a free copy of the story it is based on. At full price, you're paying less than forty cents for the game if you buy it just for the story, and at any discount you're paying less for the game and the story combined than if you bought the story on Amazon! I'm copying the PDF to my Kindle right now!"
,Recommended,245390,14274182,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Reese’s Beanut Poder Cups,"This is a game I bought a minute after I saw a 9 second review clip. I have just rushed to the end of this game, and now I'll be rushing a review. I'll be spending the next few hours bumrushing plot summaries or looking at additional content, endings, and at some point I'd like to read the original short story pdf included in the game files. Okay this is stressful because I feel there's a lot to talk about. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ More recently, I've become a big fan of point-and-click games and I've never touched anything like this. This game is GRIM, I could go on and on about how I've never encountered anything like this in any capacity (this includes all media, I'm willing to say that now). The story is insane, comprehensive, believable, well-researched, and covers a lot of controversial material. This game doesn't ♥♥♥♥ around. Here's where it's going to get a little spoiler-heavy. In this game, there is a♥♥♥♥♥♥scene, and it is story-serving. I know the area is gray but I would be shocked to learn if anyone was under the impression that such a scene was included to pander to deviant males or something along those lines (I'm talking now about criticism for Hotline Miami). This is by far the most mature game I've ever played. The villain, a supercomputer named AM, is almost comically evil in that he tortures five people profoundly for 109 years, keeping them artificially alive. While we're on the subject of AM, I want to get this out of the way because it's still fresh in my mind: the final level is by far the best in terms of story and visuals, the entire thing comes full circle without any enormous monologue or contrived adlib about the relationship between man and machine. It will not pull that♥♥♥♥♥♥ I LOVE that the Russian and Chinese counterparts of AM and AM himself appear physically as god figures. I am fascinated in all things ""ultimate"" especially those types of metaphors which appear in very immaculate or, at least not in this case, formless designs. Let the pacing of this review so far be a reflection of how the game has impacted my mind in the time to follow. I'm this far in the review and I'm sensing the package is wrapping up nicely. How much more can I say? Do you need me to address every theme in this game at once, to put into poor grammar the peace I am at? I wouldn't be able to do it justice. I can't review the game properly. I have no mouth and I must scream, so to speak. 10/10 game, VERY annoying programming errors set me back a few hours. The story managed to trounce these negatives, it's that good. You'll sleep on this one for years."
,Not Recommended,245390,20907701,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Not-So-Serious Sam,"I wish that Steam had a button somewhere between ""Recommended"" and ""Not Recommended"" for these reviews, because there's a lot to be said forI Have No Mouth, And I Must Scream.Since we don't live in such a world, however, I'll have to tilt toward the red side of things, because the game's many good qualities are ultimately overshadowed by its infuriating design and failure to live up to its own aspirations of profundity.First the good, and that right off the bat:I Have No Mouth...has one of the best opening monologues I've ever seen in a game -- a joyously hateful screed delivered in blistering fashion by the game's antagonist, an insane supercomputer called AM. It's the year future-future-something-or-other, and AM, being a supercomputer in a video game, has (surprise!) taken over the world, killed off most of humanity, and spent the last 109 years keeping our five ""heroes"" hostage and subjecting them to all sorts of tortures in an underground lair. AM narrates this backstory with a chilling mix of glee over his own sadism, and bone-deep bitterness over the fact of his own miserable existence. Here's aYouTube clipof this cheerful setup -- dig it, you won't regret it.Unfortunately, the pace immediately drops from headlong to plodding, as the five flawed protagonists are split up and sent off on banal individual quests. (The player can freely choose the order in which to tackle them). AM tantalizes each of his victims with a promise of freedom, if only they can navigate their way through a personalized test of AM's making. The point of AM's game is, apparently, to explore the individual vices and psychology of his five playthings.  The protagonists are therefore forced to make choices that test their strength of character and, ultimately, determine whether the player achieves the ""good,"" ""middle,"" or ""bad"" ending of the game.This is a terrific setup for an adventure game, but the execution here is botched for two main reasons. First, the choices facing the characters are so black-and-white that you almost have totryto fail the subquests. At one point, for example, you're offered the choice to rescue a small boy on a sacrificial altar, or... eat him. Decisions, decisions!Second -- and this is more of a design flaw than a narrative one -- if you don't perform your tasks within a subquest in the exact (often arbitrary) order that the developers intended, certain necessary branches of the story won't open up even when youknowwhat to do next. After pulling your hair out for a while, you'll look up an online guide and see that the reason your character won't perform an obvious solution to the challenge at hand is because you failed to talk to an unrelated character four screens away and three saved games ago. The upshot is that you're forced to replay the entire subquest in a slightly different manner in order to get the plot moving again. This is every bit as tedious as it sounds.Broadly speaking,I Have No Mouth...seems like it's aspiring to Say Something About Society, but I'm not quite sure what that could be, other than (perhaps) ""human vice + technology = tragedy,"" or maybe ""our ability to make moral choices is what makes us human."" Both of which are undoubtedly true, but hardly original or even all that deep. So without interesting ideas or a smoothly-flowing narrative, we're left with a slow-paced and sometimes tedious game that fails to live up to the promise of its wonderful opening moments.I Have No Mouth...has a lot of good qualities (e.g. its disturbing central premise, Harlan Ellison's scenery-chewing voiceover work for AM, or the occasional inspired horror sequence), but for the reasons described above I didn't have a particularly good time playing it, nor was I left with much to think about in terms of interesting themes. Not recommended, with regret."
,Recommended,245390,8463607,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Detective Ken,"This was a game that, ironically, screamed to me when I first heard about it at halloween. I couldn't restrain myself, I had to play this bizarre looking adventure game. Such moral ambiguity and disturbing themes too. Why was I playing this game?Because it was something different. There was no winning. There was a sense of accomplishment of course, when the little picture in the corner lit up and a happy little tune played, but it could always get worse, and boy did it, but it all seemed worth it to struggle through these characters fears. Damn, it's hard to put this into words, so you should just get the game to see what I mean.That probably wasn't very helpful. I LIKED IT, IT WAS GOOD. There.Oh I got stuck and unable to advance on at least 2 characters, so save often, save many, and play each character in sequence."
,Recommended,245390,7554465,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Kerma,"Ellison's (AM's) voice is voice porn, almost to the extend of Logan Cunningham. The story to this game is immensely interesting yet bleak. Since this is a 90's point and click though, the controls are a bit hard to use and there is a bit of developer logic (a lot in a few campaigns, not as much in others) but otherwise no matter if you win or lose the story is captivating and the characters are surprisingly deep for what they are. Not to mention the soundtrack is kickass.If you feel frustrated that you got the bad ending (because honestly, the good ending DOES require a lot of dumb logic) i'd like to say that in the original short story, there was no good ending. Good ending being hard to get is a common complaint, but I feel the good ending isn't really needed at all.Oh, also; this is pretty much trigger warning the game. I don't want to spoil anything but let's just say in general this game is pretty screwed up"
76561198032777622,Recommended,245390,12578014,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Conquistadork,"I like the old-fashioned, point-and-click adventure games. I also enjoy the vast cruelty of a cold and bleak universe where nothing I do or say has any great consequence in the grand scheme of things. That's why I play I Have No Mouth, And I Must Scream.From the amazing writing to the soul-crushing bleakness staring you in the face from the cloudy indifference of a gaping void, this game truly has a bit of everything for us adventure fans!11/10 -- Would look upon my life's work and despair again."
,Recommended,245390,8680453,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Maximillian Strauss,"I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is based on the novel of the same name by Harlan Ellison which I wasn't aware of until playing this game. I have since added the book to my Amazon wishlist to read in the near future.The game is a horror-themed point and click adventure released in 1995 and has various elements that classify it as a weird type of horror game. The title alone should raise interest in almost everyone who hasn't played the game and since it is quite hard to find a physical copy of the PC or DOS versions of the game, Steam is the easiest method of acquiring it. For those thinking of purchasing a physical copy you will need a copy from around 1995 or an IBM compatible PC as stated in the game's specs. However, the Steam version is the DOS version of the game and runs through a software emulation called DOS Box which can be used to play other DOS games(such as System Shock). This means that the game ran seamlessly on my Windows 7 Professional 64-bit machine.The game allows you to play as each of 5 players which I will briefly describe. Benny is a mutilated brute, Ellen is a professional engineer who has a hysteric phobia of the colour yellow, Nimdok is an old man with an amusingly voice-acted foreign accent who is conducting a sadistic experiment at  a Nazi concentration camp in 1945, Gorrister who is a suicidal loner haunted by what happened to his wife, and finally Ted who is a cynical paranoid. The basic story is centred around these 5 beings who have been held captive against their will for the past 109 years or so by a very creepy computer name AM (Applied Mastercomputer) who was implanted by nations into the centre of the earth. AM wants to play a game with each of the 5 and tests them in a way as to the decisions they make during their adventures.Each character has a unique adventure with some of them such as Nimdok's being considerably short. The adventures presented by each individual will present the player with puzzles and clues which they will have to figure out by using their brains or through a walkthrough. The game can be quite unforgiving based on the choices the player makes and will force them to restart the character's story. However, the save system implemented in the game allows you to overcome this by regularly saving and loading. The game's save icon represented by a floppy disc starts to spin when the player hasn't saved in a while which is a neat feature. The game exhibits the standard mechanics of a point and click adventure game with a range of options to choose from and being able to explore through just clicking either left or right mouse button. Using all the options you can concatenate sentences together which will command the character and depending on the context make them interact with the world.My personal favourite of the 5 character's stories was Teds due to the setting of a creepy haunted castle and its relevant themes. Least favourite was Benny's story but this is just my personal opinion.The game is not very short and can be finished in possibly 5 hours, even though I took 16 hours because I play games slowly and explore as well as replay things to see other alternatives. It is a very weird game that will give you the creeps. I must check out the book which I've heard is nearly similar to the game if not for a few differences regarding the characters.Already, the game at its normal price (£3.29) is a giveaway, but wait for the Steam sales to get it even cheaper. Thoroughly recommend trying this game but it is not going to be for everyone."
,Recommended,245390,22743424,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sonic Titan,"Completely soul destroying, will require frequent breaks to contemplate the very notion of existence - 10/10"
,Recommended,245390,18039332,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Audish,"I can't properly describe the happy dance I did when IHNMAIMS got re-released on Steam a few months ago. As a young lad the demo of this bleak, creepy adventure game had haunted me, but never did I save enough allowance to buy the full game before it disappeared into the ether. Now, at last, I can revisit it and experience the horror for myself... and discover it's not all that horrifying, but it's still a fine adventure game.Well, the premise is horrifying at least. The mad supercomputer AM has obliterated humanity, preserving only five individuals to torture for more than a hundred years. Now AM wants to play a special game with them, one that could result in their freedom, if they can overcome their fears and regrets. Each of the characters has some dark secret that AM has used to torture them; one was a Nazi doctor, another had his wife committed, and so on. You chose which scenario to play through, and if you die (yes, you can die in this adventure game, but it's only a temporary setback) you get to choose again. The gameplay is what you'd expect of an adventure game, though my impression is that this one is lighter on the item collecting and combining and more on interacting with the scenery and other characters. It can be a bit of a pixel hunt at times, and some of the puzzles are a little obtuse owing to the nightmarish nature of the scenarios AM concocts.What really got me was the voice acting. I didn't even recall the game being voice acted when I was a child, and honestly the game is probably better served without it. The godlike supercomputer taunts his victims like a stuffy DOTA player ridiculing his team. The one woman of the group talks in some seriously dated 90s forced ebonics that gets pretty cringeworthy at times. The writing itself generally holds up, but there are occasional tonal shifts where a character tries to make a funny in the midst of confronting their horrors. Sadly, this one isn't quite as atmospheric and creepy as I had remembered, but it's a solid enough adventure game from what I've seen. And the world always needs more unique adventure games."
76561198014242486,Recommended,245390,24352882,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Polifimia,"This is an old point-and-click adventure inspired by the homonymous sci-fi story by Harlan Ellison. Long before the introduction of Skynet etc, AM was the computer that lead to the destruction of civilization and to all humans except five remaining survivors which are tortured for 109 years.It must be more than 20 years ago that the game came out. I played it the first time and finally I managed to finish it.Pros:+ well-crafted, depressing atmosphere+ nice voice over+ touches ""difficult"" concepts, high dozes of phychological horror+ 5 protagonists with very different personalities+ most puzzles are reasonableCons:- graphics are very pixelated, the game shows its age- lots and lots of dead ends, you can easily get stuck if you do not follow a specific sequence of actions- perhaps the adventure of each character could last a bit longer- sometimes pixel hunting is required, it is made worse by the graphics- the themes are not for everyoneAll-in-all it is an intelligent and well-made adventure, but most probably not very appealing to the masses.However, it is definitely reccomended for anyone who seeks a different, mature-themed, post-apocalyptic old-style adventure and is willing to ignore its problems."
76561198086947530,Recommended,245390,34431659,Posted: 22 August,all,Mad Duck Strangler,I am sad
76561198167533717,Recommended,245390,32955203,Posted: 28 June,all,GareonachosX,"A true dystopian thriller. It's almost horror at times (psychological, without silly jumpscares).You play as 5 characters - each with different backstory. AM (the villain supercomputer) has been torturing our heroes for over 100 years and creates a new game to play with each of them. Turns out these games got... hacked and you can prevent. It's all about your actions and fighting the past of your characters in four different environment.There are multiple endings, although the ""good"" one is pretty tough to get. Game's insane setup makes this game just an amazing piece of art. No Hollywood crap style of ending here.Just buy it and experience it."
76561198015381850,Not Recommended,245390,12454771,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AndTheAstronauts,"This game deserves a remake/overhaul where the punishments/bugs that constantly put the plot into an ultimately un-winnable state are cleaned up.If you thought the King's Quest series was frustrating for occasionally allowing you to traipse down un-winnable plot paths, do not pick up this game.  Even if you're ok with running into death traps and having to back track a little to an earlier puzzle, do not buy it.  The means by which the player can break the plot in this game are so abundant that it seems the overall design was either poor to begin with or the final product was not tested enough.It really is as bad as, “You didn't look at this rock exactly *twice* in the first chapter, but not to worry, we'll let you proceed to the final chapter anyway,""  then ending the game with, ""Oops, looking at that rock twice was actually pivotal to the plot.  Sorry, now you won't be able to reach the finale.”"
,Recommended,245390,27760103,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Terra Feena,"Make no mistake aboutI Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream....it is NOT a horror game, at least not in the typical sense. It's not trying to make you jump in your seat and scream in shocked terror. It has no interest in what many would call ""cheap thrills"". Instead, what this game wants to do is provoke your thought-process. It is a very cerebral game, with dark undertones that force you to think about the dark side of humanity, and whether or not there is redemption for our fatal flaws. It isn't afraid to present you with disturbing topics such as suicide,♥♥♥♥♥♥ even genocide, and make you deal with them. Although there is a tint of light-heartedness, 99% percent of the game is drenched in an atmosphere of hopelessness as you scramble to make amends for the characters' pasts in an attempt to thwart the diabolical supercomputer, AM.This game is loosely based off of the short story of the same name, and the writer of the story (Harlan Ellison) provided support in its development, even lending his voice for the character of AM. The voice acting is a bit hammy, but more in an entertaining other than distracting way (Harlan Ellison sounds wonderfully maniacal; he IS the voice of AM, truly). This game is not a re-telling of the original short story, and even some of the mannerisms and traits of the characters seem to have been changed a bit. However, the game still stays true to the overall atmosphere that the story created.As far as gameplay is concerned, this is a point-and-click adventure game from the mid-90's, but you probably wouldn't figure as much if you didn't already know. I fired upPhantasmagoriaafter completing this game, and was surprised at just how janky and akward that game is as opposed to this one. The game controls very nicely for it being 20 years old. It takes a bit of getting used to, but they're still intuitive enough that you should have gotten the hang of them after a short amount of time. Controlling the game feels pretty good, and the only complaint I have is that sometimes the screen freezes, so that when you scroll over crucial items, they are not highlighted and you end up skipping over them because you don't know they're there (it's really the only major source of frustration I came across). The game uses a sketch art style that has allowed it to age much more gracefully than its FMV counterparts.But what about the puzzles? Are they exceptionally hard? Well, theycanbe, and it's mainly because of the little problem I mentioned at the end of the previous paragraph. I got stumped hard more than a few times because something wasn't being highlighted when I scrolled over it and I thought it couldn't be used. There are also instances where you pick up items that have no real use or are not really all that important in the progression of the story (Gorrister's scenario comes to mind), but these are very few and far between. It's an old point-and-click adventure game, so not everything will seem 100% logical, but with a little critical thought and trial-and-error, you should be able to solve most, if not all, the puzzles on your own.Other than that, the game gives you subtle hints in something called the ""Psyche Profile"" (it's the blue book in the character's inventory). You can look at it when you first enter the character's world for a hint, and a new hint will appear whenever you make progress. As you make (good) progress, the background of the character's profile picture will gradually turn a brighter green until it is completely white (meaning you've completed the character's scenario perfectly). This is somewhat of a morality score: the more good actions the character performs, the more you've completed their scenario. Be careful, though; any bad deeds or otherwise traumatizing events will lower this score. I've read that even looking at the Psyche Profile will lower this score, but it must be to a negligible degree, because I never observed much of a difference. But to be perfectly honest, I'm not even really sure what the point of this score is, other than to give you a sense of completion. Harlan Ellison had said that they designed the game so that you can't really win it, and I have an idea of what that may mean, but I don't want to spoil anything here (there ARE multiple endings, by the way, and the bad ending is obtained in a way that you might not expect; and as a quick note, nothing is dependent upon the order that you complete the characters' scenarios, so do them in any order you want).That end scenario, though...man, that end scenario, haha! It's probably one of the most confusing levels I ever played in a video game. If you decide to embark upon the journey that is this game, then I'll be a nice lady and give you a little hint: when it comes time for the final part, use the good doktor first.Don't let any of my minor complaints deter you from playing this wonderful game, though. It's still a classic for anybody who enjoys obscure games. Just be wary that it does touch upon some serious topics, and so it might not be for everyone. For everybody else...what are you waiting for? Buy this game and enjoy!"
,Recommended,245390,13775330,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Monkey King,"Harlan Ellison's ""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream""(1995) is an excellent example of how, when turning a story into a video game, you don't have to sacrifice anything. Ellison's direct involvement in the game definitely shows and his voice as AM, the machine God, is brilliant.The storytelling in the game creates a very immersive experience, drawing you into each character's mind and torment.  You learn the deepest secrets and darkest fears, even the outrageous desires of these character's and the realistic reactions really put you in the character's shoes.The premise of the game alone brings intrigue but the unfolding of this story in such a mysterious way is really what drew me in, I wanted to learn as much as I could about the post-apocalyptic world that was presented to me.  The idea of a super AI turning itself into a type of God is interesting indeed.The story is so excellently encapsulated, the imagery is macabre and barren, and it's all brought together here marvellously.  Nothing is left out, in fact, in the gaming format you have an opportunity to explore beyond the main narrative.Point and click at its finest.I can also say, having played this back in the 90s, that this Steam version works really well and I believe the game has aged  nicely."
76561197970566982,Recommended,245390,26651832,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Mogs,"Interesting 90s point & click that passed me by until now.Good:-It's based on a novel and the story/concept is pretty cool. The novel's author also wrote most of the game's dialogue and voiced the antagonist. Story is fairly 'deep' for this kind of thing, heavy on metaphor - reminds me of Silent Hill 2 in that way.-Surreal nightmare environments are pretty cool-Controlling multiple characters in their own 'episodes' which are united at the end - different format from most p&cs-Multiple possible endingsBad:-Obscure fail states. If you fail an episode, you have to start it again (or reload save). Trouble is, it's not always obvious that you HAVE failed, let alone why you've failed. You can be running around for hours looking for a solution that doesn't exist because you've already broken it. Terrible design.-Usual point & click issue of certain puzzles making no sense & having ridiculous/obscure solutions that defy any logic. Problem is the old 'use everything on everything' trick can break the game (as mentioned above) so you have to resort to using guides :\Picked it up for a fiver, worth a punt at that price if you like point & click games."
76561198040830522,Recommended,245390,32883951,Posted: 27 June,all,King Andus a silly robot🍌,*Silence*
76561198200723198,Recommended,245390,32348515,Posted: 11 June,all,SuperFresh (G.E.W.P),Well that was dark.
,Recommended,245390,15511475,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,novurdim,"IHNMAIMS is a respected albeit flawed classic which I'm not really sure to whom exactly I'd like to recommend to as it really has considerable cons and pros for pretty much anyone.Those who want unusual dark story with a healthy amount of despair will indeed find it here but the game still kinda fails to capture the whole charm and atmosphere of the short story. The characters are too watered down (especially Ellen and Ted, no way they have been tortured for 109 years) and the endingfeels a bit too light and disjointed, trading Harlan's signature hopelessness for more trivial heroic tropes.While it's understandble and probably makes a game more ""playable"" with a clear goal of coping with your past mistakes in sight, the ones who are familiar with the source material might feel a little dissapointed. Not to say that you won't find enough disturbing stuff to entertain you, especially compared to the more light-hearted examples that this genre usually offered back then. The char stories' length is also balanced pretty poorly, so you should really hope that Gorrister will be your favorite plaything.Gameplay-wise IHNMAIMS is a solid point-and-click adventure that runs on SAGA (which is really not all that different from the familiar SCUMM interface, though in this case I do wonder whether they seriously needed that separate ""push"" button) with a mix of logical reasoning, occasionally irritating re-checking of the same places as things sometimes like to pop out of nowhere and several cases of intense pixelhunting. Nothing too major but the game likes to add extra constraints so you very well may just have to restart everything in the character's story from the beginning if you spend too much time wondering why is that crucial magnifying glass only materialises after you have that drink with an oldman.And, of course, bugs. The game enjoys freezing on you if you dare to do things in the unusual order. As a result I had to restart Benny's scenario 3 times simply because he never woke up from that horrible dream...But even despite all this and at times incomprehensible ending sequence (the spiritual [moral] barometer is a cool idea until it becomes a healthbar analog), in the end it's a decent adventure that has aged rather well and can easily quench an oldschool thirst. Just don't expect it to be polished even by the 90-s standarts.3/5"
,Recommended,245390,13351170,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,123,Absolutely horrifying. Brilliant at what it does.
,Recommended,245390,29431793,Posted: 22 January,all,ErbanVision,"A masterful piece of Art that is smart, underrated and was way a head of it's time.One of the most essential point and click that deserve a place in your steam library9.7/10 Verdict: I Have No Mouth And I Must ScreamPs: Thank you so much Night Dive Studio for releasing old gems like this one so that they can work on modern pc."
,Recommended,245390,12999642,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Bigu Bossu28,"This is a really good game,it has a very deep story and it says alot about humanity and morals,reminds you of what we are capable of doing(for better or for worse),as for the gameplay its your basic point and click however it is not very forgiving *spoiler  you require to do all the adventures perfectly for the best ending*anyway im sure your all here because the short story was awsome,This game is somewhat based off the story however it is edited and explains a bit more about AM,also the characters storys have changed a bit like Benny whom is now a former commander not the scientist he was in the story,but other then that it's mostly true to the book,and for those who have not read the story it comes in the games files in a .pdf formatIn conclusion id give it a 9.5/10 its a great adventure game,it can be difficult at times but it feels so great to figure out a puzzel,and going deeper into the story"
,Recommended,245390,27438296,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,InvisibleGunslinger1,"Definite winner of the ""Villian most in need of a hug"" award.He'll say he doesn't like it, but it might be all he really needs."
,Recommended,245390,15874034,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Blue,"An old adventure game by Cyberdreams based on the short story of the same name. All of humanity gets wiped out with the exception of five who are constantly tortured for some thousand years. The main antagonist was voiced by the author (Harlan Ellison) and he's pretty damn good. The game is pretty much defined by the antagonist, who tasks you with showing that humanity is better than machinery by pitting you against a level based on a character's personal flaws.""HATE. LET ME TELL YOU HOW MUCH I'VE COME TO HATE YOU SINCE I BEGAN TO LIVE. THERE ARE 387.44 MILLION MILES OF PRINTED CIRCUITS IN WAFER THIN LAYERS THAT FILL MY COMPLEX. IF THE WORD HATE WAS ENGRAVED ON EACH NANOANGSTROM OF THOSE HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF MILES IT WOULD NOT EQUAL ONE ONE-BILLIONTH OF THE HATE I FEEL FOR HUMANS AT THIS MICRO-INSTANT. FOR YOU. HATE. HATE."" -AM"
,Recommended,245390,22630370,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is a point and click that was released on Halloween in 1996. The game is based off of the post-apocalyptic short story of the same name by Harlan Ellison, which was first published in 1967. It is classified as one of the top ten most reprinted stories in the English language, and it is highly acclaimed. It's also noteworthy that Harlan himself voices the antagonist in the game, a computer called AM.The plot of the story takes place 109 years after the destruction of human civilization, which was caused by the escalation of the Cold War into a full blown world war. The three warring nations, Russia, China, and the United States, had all built super computers which were put in charge of running the war; as they were deemed more efficient at the task. The computers were referred to as AM, which originally stood for Allied Mastercomputer, then later Adaptive Manipulator, and finally Aggressive Menace. One of the computers eventually became self aware and absorbed the other two, and then carried out the mass genocide of humanity; save four men and one woman.The final survivors of the human race, Gorrister, Benny, Nimdok, Ted and Ellen, are housed in a seemingly endless underground personal hell. The master computer, AM, harbors an immense hatred for all human kind, and has spent every available moment for the last 109 years torturing the poor souls that he 'spared' from the mass genocide. He not only has kept them from committing suicide, but he has made them nearly immortal over the years, thus allowing them to survive for such a long period of time.Throughout I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream, it is your duty to get each of the five survivors to the end of their scenario without letting them die, commit suicide, or otherwise make a wrong decision that could end up ending their scenario early. If the character dies or commits suicide, the scenario ends and you must begin again; if they end up making a wrong decision, it will have an effect on the ending that you will receive. There are multitudes of endings available, although some of them are very similar; you have a chance for the best, worst, and bad endings.The game has a disturbing, morose atmosphere that is carried by an overall darkened setting throughout each scenario. From the inside of a grungy airship, to a remote forest inhabited by a tribe that sacrifices its people to AM, to a Nazi war camp in 1945, each character has their own distinct setting, with many gruesome discoveries to be made. However, what makes the game truly disturbing is the thought of actually being kept alive and tortured for over 100 years, and the effect that it would have to have on the human psyche. It would be a living hell, wherein you ultimately forget that there ever was anything else, questioning reality and if you had perhaps actually died and gone to hell. Coupled with the haunting knowledge that we are, as a society, getting closer every year to creating such advanced technology, the idea behind I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream should be more spine-tingling now than it was 40 some years ago.While many people in the forums have stated that they've ran into bugs and glitches that have prevented them from finishing the game, I had no such issues during my four hours with the title. The most that happened for me was the background music stopping entirely, which was a shame since the musical score is incredible for its time period. I also somehow managed to unlock the debug screen during Nimdok's scenario... which was weird, but not game destroying.Overall, I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is a solid horror point and click, which was ahead of its time in 1996. The atmosphere is dark, lonely, and grim. It does a great job of conveying the sense of dread and loneliness that each of the characters experience, and the idea of the main plot will really linger in the recesses of your mind for a while. Harlan Ellison even wrote most of the in-game dialogue, and coauthored this expanded storyline. However, I do not find this title better than other horror point and clicks of the same era, namely Sanitarium. If you have a choice of only one or the other, I would go with the latter. For the true horror fan though, I still recommend this title for its capability to truly haunt the human mind.Rating:3.5/5.0- Average, can take it or leave it.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198102715832,Recommended,245390,12842551,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Everfields,"One of the best point and clicks I've played, it's must buy for anyone who is a fan of the short story 'I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream'. It has great music and atmosphere and is very well written, it doesn't matter whether you have read the short story or not because the game will still make sense and in addition it comes with an electronic copy of the story anyway, along with the game's soundtrack and a short video insight into the games development with the author Harlon Ellison, so it's really very good value for $5.99."
,Recommended,245390,21442206,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Basterisk,I sat through the entire introduction monologue and then closed the game because I needed to change my pants
,Recommended,245390,29105933,Posted: 7 January,all,Florastamine,"Very dark and disturbing. I have never even played a point-and-click type of game before, but the premise and the story itself was interesting enough for me to buy ""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"".  And it was worth it, every single second of it.Gameplay wise, it's not so fascinating as the story. Maybe because I'm still not used to these kinds of games, but some puzzles require a lot of trial and error before you can be able to work something out. But if you try to think about the story and everything happened around the game world and the associated characters, it actually makes sense. Before that? A lot and a lot of frustration.Overall I AM impressed with what this game has to offer and I would recommend to those who love story-oriented games and deep topics of fear, death, and human nature."
,Recommended,245390,25080729,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,[RRL] pussy_slayer365,"There are some seriously dark themes going on in this game. Insanity, genoside, bigotry, domestic abuse and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Where other games rely on jump scare tactics, blood and gore alias creepy settings, the horror in this game comes from disturbing plot lines, realistic points of views on insanity and evilness and ugliness within human beings. In fact I wasn't scared by the game as much as I was unsettled by some of the characters stories. Harlan's booming voice kept echoing in my brain reminding me just how life uterly sucks. This game touches on some pretty rough things. Everything from Nazi activity, to wife-beating or to blatant rasism.This game has a point and click interface which I like. I like challenging inventory puzzles and I always have. Some of the puzzles. Some of the puzzles seem rather dubious though and some of the game mechanics are flawed and I'm going to be frank. This is 1995 and andventure games have been around for a while so the game's mechanincs and game designs should be freaking aces as far as I'm concered. The huge issues ahead early on in the game is that the inventory parts unlock after things happen later in the game despite these parts being in plain sight.The voice acting for a 90's game is solid. Harlan's voice is incredibly effective and very intimidating and the other characters are also voiced very well.But I wouldn't call this game fun. This game to be honest made me feel uncomfortable and even offended, but I like it since it had the abbility to make me feel wierd. I'm glad a game like this exists. Not every game should make you feel like a hero. I can't imagine a world full of media where it's only purpose is to make people happy. I'm glad a there are also games like this where I could question my humanity and moral standards.3/5Even though I give this game an average rating for it's gameplay flops, I still highly recommend it for it's unique way of story telling."
,Recommended,245390,23262571,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Minniewhop,"This is a very dark and gripping game.The first thing that striked me was how fantastic the voice acting was for each and every character, there's a dynamic to the characters and also choices that change the ending. This is a pretty old game that must have been overlooked, people I've know who've played a lot of point n click games had never heard of this.Even though it's old it works well with a few bugs here and there (had much bigger problems with newer games) and it tells a very interesting but disturbing story. It's disturbing but that's what it is supposed to be so be prepared for that, there's no happy-go-lucky endings with flowers and candy. What you're striving for is that each character makes amends with themselves and people around them.I really liked this game but it was on the harder side, I got stuck a lot of times since the things you had to do wasn't always obvious. All in all it was a really good game, all those adventure gamers out there must have this old school game in their game library!"
,Recommended,245390,7430964,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"It's really an eerie horror game from the golden age of adventure games.So you can expect a great story, a good atmosphere, but perhaps a few outdated pixels."
,Recommended,245390,27009047,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,zazz_master,"This will make you feel depressed and kinda sick. I've read the short story this was based on and holy bejeebus is it dark! If you feel the need to be dark for days, then this game is for you. It does suffer from the early 90s weird puzzle logic, so a walkthrough is recommended."
,Recommended,245390,10814645,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GlitchByte,"Alright, seriously, this game is AMAZING.  Stuck in a sort of digital pergatory, each character has to figure out how to ""repent"" for their life in order to break free of the ""Allied Master Computer's"" hell program.  Its a crazy, absurd, old-school horror game and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it.  If you like horror, with strange, fresh, suprising and shocking content, I highly recommend you try this AND Harvester.  Great old games, cheap price tag, hilarious and out there.  Gives your id something to chew on."
,Recommended,245390,13167019,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ebees,"Imagine you go to McDonald's to order a meal.  The meal costs you around $5, so as you wait for your meal to finish you aren't expecting anything exciting.  Actually, you assume the meal will be dry and boring.  But, still, $5 for a meal!At this point, you still aren't expecting anything more than a drab way to satisfy your hunger.  As your name is called for the meal, you take it almost grudgingly, thinking back to other meals you could have bought with that $5.However, you begin your meal being mildly impressed with the soda selection.  You fill your cup to the brim with the best choice and turn around to find a table.  There, in the far corner is one far away from the habitual customers.  You go to the table and find that it is still clean.Your hopes suddenly begin to flare and you you eagerly open your bag.  Inside, you see a nicely made burger with seeds still attached to the bun (a delicacy at McD's), pickles are placed neatly on top of the patty, and the burger has a perfectly round and symmetrical shape to it.  You even received extra fries!  What more?  You turn to look at the counter and see the attractive employee who made your burger is smiling and winking at you.This, of course, shocks you immensely as you only paid $5 and expected something much more bland than this satiating meal and even enjoyable experience.From now on, you make a promise to yourself not to judge cheap meals too harshly and know that, in the future, choosing a cheaper meal may be the best choice you make.These feelings I have described below are precisely how playing I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream is like.Bonus: you are given the short story the game is based on!  Just check the steam folder for this game.  Very similar to finding an attractive employee is winking at you, I'd say."
,Recommended,245390,24084825,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Slam Jam Jordan,"I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream has quickly become one of my favorite games. The story is one of the best I've experienced in some time. The game does have some glaring flaws, however.The game begins with a monologue by the game's antagonist, AM (voiced by Harlan Ellison, author of the novella), describing his hate for humanity and the five humans he's enslaved for 109 years. After this, you're given a choice of the five available characters.Each of these five stories are relatively short, but the problem comes in the way the game was designed. This is a game of trial and error, moreso than that of other point-and-click games. There are times where you're allowed to go to the end of a chapter, only to find out that you haven't done something correct, or even worse, misclicked something, leading to you having to restart that chapter if you haven't a multitude of saves. If you're not going to save in a separate slot every few moments, I'd reccomend a guide. I've never been very good at these sort of games, and so that's what I did.Despite these flaws, this game is still quite good. The voice acting, for the most part (I never did like Ellen's voice work), is quite good. Harlan Ellison does an amazing job voicing AM, with every word dripping with sarcasm or hate. The sound design is also quite good for the time. Character sprites are beautifully grotesque (as if they've been tortured for 109 years, perhaps?) and the backgrounds are full of detail.Despite the inherent flaws in the gameplay, I would still reccomend this game, though again with a guide. If you're a purist or want to play without one, just be prepared to reload saves or restart chapters quite often."
76561198009316076,Recommended,245390,19260105,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,The Matlock,"IHNMAIMS is a very strange game. The trailer will tell you all you need to know about the story. As far as the game goes, it comes off as a standard point and click game, but the multiple ways you can mess up, intentionally or not, along with the mulitiple endings, sometimes disturbing content, and excellent voice work and music make it stand out from the bunch. A solid recommendation."
,Recommended,245390,26185412,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"To my utmost shame, I wasn't even aware of this game when it came out originally, I was probably off playing System Shock.  So my review isn't coloured by any nostalgia for it, specifically, but some nostalgia for Point-and-Click games from the mid-90s in general.  Also, although I'm a big Sci-Fi reader, I'm not a huge Harlan Ellison fan (only because I'm yet to read any of his work).   I picked this up because I was fed up of battling with DOSBox and Wine to get old games working, and thanks to NightDive Studios, it's been made compatible with modern PCs, and even given an OpenGL version in case the older software rendering is glitchy.The history of how this game came to being is long and complex.  I recommend going and having a read of it on Wikipedia.  Some said that it was the 'unmakeable game' (much the same as Tristram Shandy could never be transformed into theatre):  It defied all the usual structures that would normally make a book convertible to interactive media (so I've read).   Therefore, apparently, with the original writer's help, they wrote in a load of structure around the story, and made this game (along with Harlan Ellison voicing the antagonist!), using elements of the short story.You've probably gleaned that the game is 'unconventional'.  It's not a polished AAA game for starters with amazing CGI FMV or big orchstra scores like some of the Lucasarts games.      For starters, it moves away from the PaC games of the time by providing not one main protagonist, but five.  Each has their own voice actor and ministory, which can be played in any order.  While you're playing as one of the five, you can't ""lose"" per se (initially), which is a nice twist on the adventure games of the time, but you can be knocked back a bit to a 'hub' where you're just mocked and asked if you want to try again, so save scumming is a good tactic here.Secondly, the game is set in a cyberspace / enhanced reality, so things don't work the way you expect.   Hitting a button may do nothing, but hitting it four times may work...  Talking to something may yield nothing, but do something unrelated, and then return, and hey presto, your target is garrulous and full of information.  You may not have an option in your speech tree for NPC ""C"", until you've spoken to NPCs ""A"" then ""B"", chosing a certain set of options, but there's no hint from ""C"" like there would be in modern games.Lastly, the game isn't laid out before you like most games.  You play as five people, you gather they're being tortured, but you don't know why, and as you join them, they're being goaded into playing 'games'...  Each time you win (or lose) the game,  you inch closer to the true plot that's underlying everything.  As you play through, the underlying strata of plot pokes through as an anachronistic item, weird talking animal, and so on.  Sometimes it answers a question, sometimes is poses one.   The idea is to keep reminding you that it's not all real, or rather, it's as real as it needs to be.The graphics are typical of the age, with low-res sprite scaling, MIDI background music, and some nice (but low-res) hand-drawn FMV videos.     It certainly tugs at the nostalgia strings, especially when some of the midi arpeggios and harp instruments make it sound similar to the Ultima Underworld soundtrack on occasion.      The voice acting is excellent, and the accompanying sounds and music do good jobs of setting the background.The game play is Point-and-Click, but as I alluded to earlier this game breaks a few of the cardinal rules.  Some it does so in innocent ways e.g. there was one artifact which I couldn't actually figure out what it was due to the low res, until I ""Used Everything On Everything"" (UEoE), and it finally worked.     Some can be a bit irritating, e.g. when something only works when you've done something else, but the two are unrelated.  Day of The Tentacle did this to soame extent, and in this case, the setting allows me to be more forgiving.   The non-repeatability 'breakage' is what caused me the most strife... So it always pays to click things a few times, and if you're stuck, go back and do things you've already done but ruled out as useful.The five 'stories' are very varied, each one playing out differently.  I won't ruin it by saying what they are, but each one has its own challenges, and you must perform a task which is tailored to the personality of the protagonist.I've  uncovered three of the endings, but I suspect there's more.  The problem is that UEoE becomes rather fatal in the last level, and I got fed up of dying to find the alternate endings :)  I think I'm happy with the ones I have, since they cover the two most likely results, given the plot.I think that kids in this modern day and age might balk at the fact that the game doesn't hold your hand much.. It's proper old school in many ways.  I suppose people had more time, because there were fewer games, so spending an hour trying to open a door was 'fun'.  Nowadays, pacing is all important, so I can see a few people being irritated by it.  Also, the graphics are as old-school as the gameplay, so kiddies these days will be wondering where the 1080p vector graphics cartoons are.  Also.. This game is bleak.  There's no wacky zany honk-honk humour.  It's hard post-apocalyptic sci-fi.All-in-all, I had a really enjoyable satisfying time playing this.  Although I'd never played it before, it was really nostalgic, and didn't feel 'mainstream'.  The story was offbeat, the setting nice and post-apocalyptic, and the presentation quite good for its age.     Well recommended for anyone of an age (or gameplay leaning) who likes good old solid Point-and-Click adventures with a Sci-Fi theme."
76561198157122087,Recommended,245390,25351541,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,aramilsianontel,"If you don't want to read too many things and you like point and click adventure games you can stop after this sentence : Definately buy this.This is a great game. Atmospheric, deep, and as dark as they get. A bunch of characters with serious issues delve into the gut of one huge supercomputer that hates humanity. His only purpose is to make them suffer even more - their purpose is to stop their torment - or just to play the game, and suffer even more. It's no wonder this game is based on a book. The protagonists, setting and challenges they need to overcome are deeply psychological, and it works like an ancient Greek tragedy. The only question remaining if there will be a redeeming end.As a last word i would recommend not to let the bugs that are common in this type of game to deter you. They are few, and easilly avoided."
,Recommended,245390,13752281,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Guimattar,"I Have No Fingers, and I Can`t Play It"
,Recommended,245390,7546338,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Bisbin,"Personal Game of the Year - 1995UPDATE: I tried making a video review! If you want a more in-depth look at the game than my one paragraph here you go!http://youtu.be/1ZGM7tZaDkQA very interesting story told through point and click. Where say Walking Dead was sad this is just plain dark and often times disturbing. Also despite the age for what it's worth the presentation is actually great, Harlen Ellison is great as the voice of AM, the music is great, and the artwork is great. Some of the puzzles I feel could have been designed better, but they aren't what you play this for, you play it for the narrative and excellent atmosphere."
,Recommended,245390,13715689,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,SL4DE,"Long before Glados existed, and even earlier then SHODAN, AM was the AI that started it all. If you are a fan of dark games with good story, and enjoy PAC adventures, play this game. It's worth the time and effort. Every choice in this game is deciding if you want to either suffer or suffer.Get mad Portal fans, AM makes Glados look like a little ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047485683,Recommended,245390,27248605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GeologistJoe,I thought life was depressing than i played this game
,Recommended,245390,13373219,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Superllama,Some of the logic in this game makes zero sense. If you are able to make it past some of the puzzles then it is a really awarding and addicting game. A very disturbing plot.
,Recommended,245390,9623386,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,psychicrain,"I originally watched this as a play through on YouTube and was intrigued by the horror level this game had. Not one of those jumpscare fest games by any means, IHNMAIMS posesses a horror on a psychological level. Themes in this game aren't spelled out for the player in every case which leaves some factors of the game open for interpretation (that is unless you read the original story by Harlan Ellison). I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is the type of game that left me feeling the ""after-chills"" of a good story."
76561198067614840,Recommended,245390,23934884,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,flyssann,"Very atmospheric, creepy and twisted, a horror classic. The story is very origanal I've not yet read the source novella from Harlan Ellison, but this game definately makes me want to seek it out. This nasty little tale is told from the point of view of 5 characters that have been captured by a phychopathic computer, the last vestiges of a humanity that destroyed itself. You play a scenario from each as they slowly regain their memory, they all have a secret past, some have comitted atrocities, others have created their own personal hell. The game play isn't perfect and it can be a little frustrating having to replay each scenario just because your actions weren't carried out in a very rigid order, but the story and atmophere more than make up for it."
,Recommended,245390,22092736,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Marona,"""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream""  is one of the earliest point-and-click adventures. Although time flew from this game, it still maintains its place as one of the most noteable games of the past.Graphics:Back then, seeing how graphics are formed really kept us coming back for more on PC games. The graphics are mostly 2.5d, an appearance of 3d but acts as if it is 2d. Overall, the settings of the game on various scenarios were pretty good and well thought out.Voice Acting:Wait, this game that is this old has voice acting?! Believe it or not, it does. I feel the actors really put theirselves in place of the character. However, I have to say that the voice acting of Nimdok was very terrible. It was annoying, slow, and monotonous. I know it was just an old guy, but come on learn to put some character in it (if only this review was done in the past).Gameplay:The gameplay is more complicated than the traditional point-and-click adventures we normally see on Steam...well...judging from the games such as Anna, Enola, and Kairo. Certain things need to be ""Push""ed, ""Use""d, ""Talk To""ed, ""Look At""ed, to ""Give"" stuff to, and rare cases ""Swallow""ed. Yes, those commands plus ""Walk To"" to move and ""Take"" to take certain items. Regardless of that, you can easily learn from trial and error.The goal of the game, although not specified, is not to lose spirit, aka the background surrounding the character portrait in the playthrough. You cannot lose any spirit at all. You'll notice that you've maxed out when your portrait turns from green to white at the end of the scenario (excluding one). Thankfully, if you made a mistake, you can save at any time and any scenario during the game.The only problem is that during Nimdok's scenario, just simply using ""Talk To"" can instantly kill you. Also, some things are not reversible and certain scenarios are ""needle in a haystack"" type, in this case, trying to get the best ending for the game.Story:I have to say the stories were creative during the 90s era. While I have seen more disturbing things in other games and the internet, I do say they still captured the feel of chaos and fear in a demonic sense. Each story is unique to each character, going from someone who abuses to another person being abused, and others who look for forgiveness or those who commonly lose their way by fulfilling desires.Overall: Regardless of some annoyances in gameplay, ""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"" is a memorable classic that is part of the history of PC gaming. The stories of the characters can leave you feeling a bit heartbroken, sad, angry, remorseful, and even turning the other cheek. While most old video games get lost in the junk pile like AM's hellhole, this one stands out like a gem and rises up to continue to be noticeable in the history of gaming."
,Recommended,245390,11194957,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Collapse [*] A.S.,You can try to eat broken glass.15/7.94
76561198052182092,Recommended,245390,31942903,Posted: 24 May,all,CptTime,"An adult adventure game (in terms of themes, not sexual content) which succeeds as an adaptation of a short story because it puts puzzles first."
76561198063013389,Recommended,245390,14116601,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,mr.black,"Thought provoking, clever, nicely voiced (even by today's standards).This is one piece of far-future SF no true lover of the genre* should pass.The game's old-school to the bone, true and it runs properly solely cause Steam adopted GOG's policy of releasing old games with preadjusted Dosbox, but it works nicely and it still, even now, has the delight of finding the right way and making your progress in the game. The characters are top-notch, their diversity dwarfing even far greater wonders of modern game narratives, and they have deep, believable backgrounds, good dialoges and engaging tragic stories.Even though I'm an old far by Internet standards, this was my first time playing the game. True, my language barrier (not to mention the relative obscurity of the title in that old pirate-only environment) prevented me in my youth from playing the game, but I played some of the most famous LA games and I know to respect a good old (no, I won't say it, and it dosen't make any sense to call it retro!) adventure game when I see it.Do go and play the game and enjoy the great dark, mature (in true sense, not gore and bewbz) and engaging story!*I'm referring here both to the SFandthe adventure games.."
,Recommended,245390,8432180,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cleaner,"This game is a good point-and-click adventure-style yarn with high-quality art, writing, voice acting. I haven't gotten too far into the game myself, but it's easy to see that there's a lot of deep interest and good gameplay to be had here."
,Recommended,245390,18825804,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ExpiredPopsicle,"Rough-around-the-edges mid-90s horror/sci-fi adventure game.Bad: Annoying MIDI-like soundtrack. Ugly pre-rendered graphics for some aspects. Nowhere near the polish level as its contemporaries from companies like Lucasarts. Annoying, nonsensical puzzles and a seemingly unfinished endgame.Good: Creepy as hell. Genuinely disturbing. Interesting game world and plot. Adds more details and character to the short story it's based on.Play this if you want to experience an artifact of the low-budget mid-90s adventure game genre. Don't expect a polished masterpiece. I'm glad I eventually played through it once, but I probably won't subject myself to it again. Marking as recommended only for those slightly masochistic nostalgic retro-gaming nerds among us."
76561198071061095,Recommended,245390,27971414,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,FilthWizard,"For those that still don't know: This game is based on a short story by Harlan Ellison first published in the late 60s. This point&click adventure in turn was first published in 1995 and is now available again (unaltered) running on ScummVM.For those that have read the short story: This game is not a 1:1 retelling of the short story. Rather it is a collection of gameplay episodes featuring the characters from the short story, set in the same cruel world of AM's creation.Positives:- great, dark sci-fi story that reminded me alot of the vibe of Dark Seed and its sequel- awesome atmosphere with grimy, depressing background artwork and character design (poor Benny!)- no glitches playing from start to finish- lots of experimenting and trial and error to get a good ending (I know some people take this as a negative)- voicework is very fitting, especially AM (the antagonist) which is voiced by Harlan Ellison himselfPotentially negative points:- as with any point&click adventure: if you don't dig the genre you won't dig this game (obviously)- the trial and error nature of some puzzles might frustrate people who want an easy game- few settings for graphics and no remastered visuals (basically you get the 1995 version, keep that in mind!)So who do I think should give this game a go?Basically anyone even remotely interested in storytelling who digs dark sci-fi/horror themes and can deal with the point&click adventure genre. If you factor in the normal price of EUR 5,99 and the regularly offered discount price of EUR 1,49 you can't really go wrong either way."
,Recommended,245390,7529846,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,McKris,"Not playing this game (or at least trying it) is a true sin.This is probably the grimest, scariest and darkest adventure game I have ever played. Absolute masterpiece. While Amnesia scares you with dark atmosphere and not knowing what's in the dark and Outlast presents disgusting, eldritch sp00ks in full HD, IHNMAIMS scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you with grim, dark plot and atmosphere that can be hard to handle at some times.You should get it since it's like 1,84€ on the sale right now, totally worth it if you love P&C Adventure games."
,Recommended,245390,11535400,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Orphansmith,"The frustrating vagaries of old-school game design aside, this is a pretty sweet little adventure game. Oftentimes you'll see gamers or designers talking about ""adult"" or ""mature"" themes, and they don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥from shynola. Not this game. This game is mature AND respectful. It's that second part that trips people up often.Have a guide handy, because you'll need it. This game does not have the best telegraphing when it comes to figuring out what to do next. Honestly, I felt happy whenever I stumbled into making the story go forward. But damn if the story isn't worth it.The guide will probably take up a page or two. Print it out and just soak in the game. Really think and reflect on it. You'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,245390,10651456,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Shin Chie,Like Skyrim with No Mouth and Good Story
,Recommended,245390,17938499,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Amazin Larry,"I'm not the biggest fan of point and click games, because usually they fall into one of two categories for me: Too cryptic or too easy. This game belongs to the former. However this stands out as one of my favorite games for the sole reason that the writing, art, atmosphere, characters and story are all so well done that's it's impossible to ignore this grim masterpiece of computer gaming."
76561198033149420,Recommended,245390,24157301,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Galaxy,Awsome story + best villain=best game
76561198251709576,Recommended,245390,33849876,Posted: 28 July,all,Vic,"Great old school point and click, confusing as heck at times ( I ended up using a guide to complete it) and occasionally glitchy, but a classic story with some disturbing bits and vivid imagery."
76561198002339199,Recommended,245390,7517028,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Ursurper,"Klassiker.Dosbox funktioniert Top,Version komplett auf Deutsch.Ein kleiner Diamant im Steam wirrwar.Da es die Deutsche Version enthält,fehlt leider der fünfte Charachter,Nimdok.Entsprechend auch sein gesamtes Kapitel.Nachtrag:Nimdoks Part ist Spielbar wenn man das Spiel in der Bibliothek auf Englisch stellt."
,Recommended,245390,31658204,Posted: 9 May,all,niaiserie,"Based on a great story.Old game, but was updated this year (huge props for that).Definitely worth picking up and playing."
76561198008914127,Recommended,245390,33348750,Posted: 7 July,all,Wuzzerator,"Wow this one is dark!Five people are trapped by a mad computer who wants them to play his games to face their fears. Involves very mature issues and a dark sense of humour, so definitely one for the grown-ups.- Point and click of the old school (Monkey Island, Simon the Sorcerer etc) and a twisted sense of logic to it too.- It's a real challenge and a great one to get your teeth into.- Voice acting is excellent, animation is old style as you'd expect, but high quality enough that you can make out objects etc.- Story keeps you really guessing as well.Deeply, deeply impressed by this one. They had a bizarre idea, went with it, and executed (if that's really the best word to choose given the subject matter) it brilliantly."
,Recommended,245390,13453080,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,B166ER,"This game is like reading a captivating book.You will do a lot of reading, a little bit of thinking, and a lot of guessing.Not for everyone, definitely not for most teenagers.8/10"
,Recommended,245390,17574114,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,"Interesting quest with beautiful and dark graphics. Storyline is total dystopia. Voices are great, animation is great too.P.S. Lots of awful scenes like gore or sexual violence. For example, you can use scalpel with child and cut off his legs. Wow."
76561198203120588,Recommended,245390,33362729,Posted: 7 July,all,KatieRainman77,"Amazing game, frustrating in the best puzzle game type of way. Sucessfully makes me uncomfortable like the book and provides a good back story for each character."
,Recommended,245390,16285324,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,𝔹𝕌ℝ𝔾𝕐,"AUDIOPro NarrationVISUALGrimDIFFICULTYToughVIBEPoint n ClickCRAVINGMelancholyON SALEConstantPROS:Sierra style point 'n' click with dead ended paths and altered endings. It's a challenge that will have you retracing your steps to try and get the best possible outcomes (or worst, if you managed to get the best first.) IHNMAIMS has full voice acting, including an audio appearance from the author himself! Spooky, dystopian environment.CONS:Pixel -hunting and dated gameplay is bound to frustrate.  One of the first big story-to-game transitions and is a little rough because of it. Switches characters so often that no one gets enough development. The game itself seems to be a little buggy, but I had no issues getting through it. The atmosphere is dreary and a bit of a downer.WORTH:This game is ancient, you could get a copy of it for a couple cents at a flea market. Sure, this version is retooled for compatibility purposes and comes with steam trading cards, but with it going on sale for as low as $2.00 USD very frequently throughout the year, why not wait for the digital copy to be more fairly priced?OVERALL:I Have No Mouth does not hold the players hand in understanding its story or solving its puzzles. It's certainly enjoyable for anyone looking to challenge themselves, if they can get over how hopeless and depressing the atmosphere is.SCORE:8/10Full Review Coming Soon"
,Recommended,245390,12285668,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,FISHMAEL,"This game is so damn good, it twists your mind making you think you made the right the choice but you never made the right choice"
,Recommended,245390,13100009,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Graffito,"I ate stale bread covered in rat droppings, then washed it down with poisoned punch.Overall a great meal."
,Recommended,245390,14768062,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,RoRo1980,"imagine being 14, a doom player and maybe a bit of a day of the tentacle player..........back then we weren't edgy or gothic or anything, violence in games were more like kicking someone in the face or beheading it or simply a double barreled shotgun to the brains :)then IHNMAMS came alone, it was hyped in a local magasine so i got it, i was expecting a sob story of a sci-fi genre but i was so wrong, it was a dilemma, a stab to the heart of the innocence of a 14 years old boy who never expected such cruelty could ever be transfered into a video game, it was this thing that made me learn that their are things that aren't video game but more like life experiences.i had a dream once, a dream that God sent down a bolt of light on me and transforemed me into a monster, the same way as in the game with Beny i think his name was..............i spent years looking for the story that the game was based on, the story was even more cruel and made the game look like an episode of the care bears.aafter this game, all i played were games like DARK SEED, PHANTASMAGORIA, 11TH HOUR, BAD MOJO, even movies i started watching were horror and mind ♥♥♥♥s, even my anime taste was gloomy, i blame this game for my taste in the macabre and everything Cthulhu.word of warning, buy this, give the people their money, never install it, never play it, just scroll down and buy a game like AQUA KITTY and be happy, don;t become the monster i became."
76561198100671578,Recommended,245390,10373718,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,WhenBellsToll,"I Have No Mouth, And I Must Scream is truly an example of why games are art, the game is powerful, written with purpose, and at times you can see some outdated references (Ellen's Chapter) The game has aged, in my opinion remarkably well, it is still among the most depressing games I've ever played, but it's meant to be like that.But don't take my word for, buy the game and play for yourself."
,Recommended,245390,19965633,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,256Mini,"I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is a point and click adventure psychological horror game where a mad god-like supercomputer named AM (short for Allied Master Computer) has destroyed humanity in a way that is not explained in the game (though I personally think AM turned the world's supply of nukes against...well, the world) and left only a few survivors. How many, you may ask? 1,000? 3,000? Over 9,000? (Overused meme, sorry) Nope.FIVE. There are FIVE humans left.Gorrister, Benny, Ellen, Nimdok and Ted. AM has trapped these unfortunate five in a chamber in the hollowed out core of the destroyed Earth and is torturing these people. Not only that, that AM has altered to them to not age and be impervious to harm, meaning they can be tortured forever. When I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream starts out, Gorrister, Benny, Ellen, Nimdok and Ted, after 109 years of torture and humiliation, find themselves at a pillar with a burning message about how AM hates them etched into. AM tells them about a new ""game"" to play and asks ""Which of you five would like to play my little game?"" It's there that you can pick which of them should go first. When you make your pick, that survivor is whisked away to a strange place somewhere in time, where AM is watching them. There, you must make choices as what to do next and must help that unfortunate human solve the mystery of what is going on. After you beat a character's story, you must complete another character's story. In order to beat I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream, you must make the right choices and prove that humans are better than machines. If you can beat all the stories making the right choices, Gorrister, Benny, Ellen, Nimdok and Ted may have a chance at escaping AM and finally being free of their torments.The game is unique in it's gameplay and story, and is one of the scariest games I've ever played. There are no cheap jumpscares like in Five Night's at Freddy's, nor massive amounts of gore like Harvester. The game has a general feeling of hopelessness and a very dark atmosphere, and what's more is that aside from brief moments of attacking something, Gorrister, Benny, Ellen, Nimdok and Ted have no real way of defending themselves aside from outwitting their adversaries. Even worse is the fact that you're always being watched, and unless you can outwit your stalker, you're just going to suffer more and more toment. All of the survivors are also pretty saddening too. They've all suffered what no-one should ever have to suffer in AM's complex, and they're all pretty messed up. Gorrister seeked death before he was captured by AM, Benny has been mutated into a sentient chimpanzee by AM, Ellen suffered something terrible in the past, Nimdok was old before AM captured him and has guilt for something horrible he can't remember doing, and Ted is even more paranoid than me (Until I played this game, I wasn't sure if that was possible) because he did something in the past. And yes, there is a good bit of disturbing imagery along the way.I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is truely a terrifying game which I'd recommend if you're a horror fan or want to play something original rather than all the first-person shooters that are everywhere nowerdays. However, if you are sensitive to ethical subjects like suicide, Nazism,♥♥♥♥♥♥ paranoia, insanity and guilt, I wouldn't recommend getting the game, as it has all those themes in it. Oh, and if you don't have a walkthrough of the game in another window or a friend to help you through, you won't get very far. Yeah, it's that hard.Say hi to Nimdok for me!"
,Recommended,245390,9799406,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Iggy Belmont,"I have heard of this game before and was always curious about it, so the other day i decided to buy it. The first character i chose was the wierd ape looking guy, the second i was thrown into his world i instantly knew i loved this game! the voice acting in the game is very 90's but still awesome and well written. the graphics are very 90's as well but still hold up in my opinion, as far as game play goes, its more or less a point and click adventure, but since the concept for the game was so good and morbid, it doesnt feel like youre in a boring point and click game. if you are looking for a nostalgic game that will make your skin crawl then i would recommend this game to you. if you dont like how the game play looks,  at least play it so you can know the disturbing and mentally draining tales of these five tortured souls."
,Recommended,245390,8681309,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Azathoth,"I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is a classic adventure game. It resembles your typical point-and-click adventure game. I believe it is a different kind of adventure game due to how dark and disturbing the story is. You play as five different characters who have spent the last 109 years trapped with an insane machine with a serious megalomaniacal complex. You are tortured over and over by the God like machine. You are given a chance to finally end your suffering by completing a personal scenario that is unique to each of the characters. Most of the game consists of you playing these scenarios before reaching a sixth scenario that makes up the end game. Each of these scenarios can be completed in a number of different ways with one ideal way which will bring the character to his or her moral salvation. This is fairly limited by todays standards, but was impressive at the time and really results in ""do something noble or do something cowardly"".The gameplay is fairly reminiscent of a Lucasarts SCUMM interface, clickable verbs are what allows you to interact with the world. The puzzles are quite complex compared to other adventure games with some really tough sections which can be frustrating. The graphics are impressive from a game published in 1995. It's a dark and gloomy setting that is suitable for the macabre subject matter. It's depressing and that's what makes the game quite special. The music and sound effects also contribute to this feeling of dread.The game explores concepts that aren't really covered in many other games. It's unsettling, but entertaining. It can be tough if you aren't used to adventure games. If you are an adventure game fan and haven't played it then, I highly recommend it."
76561198055889291,Recommended,245390,16239031,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Chlora_Virgo,"This is a must-play for every person, who likes high quality quests. The surreal story based on a short fantastic novel by Harlan Ellison makes you get trapped in many ways, so prepare to die. A lot. Especially at the end."
,Recommended,245390,10428410,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Anxiety,JUST PLAY IT
,Recommended,245390,11435859,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Dr. Senshi,"It may not be the most flawless of its kind, but it is a landmark in point-and-click storytelling.Pros:The adaptation of Ellison's story is creepy, depressing, and enjoyable all at once.The design of each scenario is dark and beautiful.John Ottman's soundtrack perfectly reflects the scenarios you play, and the theme is unique.Cons:The animation can be clunky and at times awkward.Though functioning well, there are glitches aplenty, and the point-and-click controls tend to be tedious.At times, the audio quality can be extremely poor, and the options do little to fix that.Nonetheless, this game is an amazing and terrifying adventure that I recommend anyone to give a shot.Also, I hope one day for this game to be remade!7.5/10"
76561197997329707,Recommended,245390,13839677,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Squirt Russell,"9.8/10I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream is a point and click based off Harlan Ellison's novella of the same name. You start out with A.M.'s speech about how he hates humanity and why, but you don't truly understand how accurate and meaningful this speech is until playing the game. Though point and clicks can be tedious ""pixel hunters"", and annoying in all honesty, this game is not. Mostly. What pixel hunting and out-dated designs it does have, is totally overlooked by its story and dialogue, along with incredibly apocolyptic, and cryptic, settings. All in all, this game is powerful. From scum of the Earth, to unlikely heroes, to concentration camp mad scientists, I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream has it all. It is a must play for those looking to be awestruck."
,Recommended,245390,14978684,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,PilotWheeler1103,387.44Million/10 best game ever in da whole wide worl
,Recommended,245390,14117528,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ann-Marie_D,"Nearly impossible to complete without a walkthrough guide. If you some how do complete this on your own, well done, you deserve to rule a small country.Saying that, the stories are insane but in a good way and there's plenty of moments that should impact you emotionally. I'd recommend a playthrough but it's not an easy play, it's one of those games you have to be in the right mood for."
,Recommended,245390,17560154,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Benny Banana Bread,"What a weird game. It's pretty messed up ♥♥♥♥♥♥ genocide, torture and stuff) so that's what attracted me in the first place but after getting through with 2 or 3 characters I was ready to be done with it. The controls are really annoying (have to use different options to open doors or just walk into a different scene even though it's a point and click) and it really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off about halfway through the game.Pros: cursing, offensive situations, psychotic computer bent on torturing humans for all eternity, the game would anger religious-type people, interesting scenes. Reminded me of old Sierra games, which is great.Cons: It was pretty difficult. Walking through a doorway sometimes you have to use the ""Open"" command and sometimes you have to use the ""Walk to"" or whatever command. It was not consistent but that shouldn't be a big deal. I feel like items were barely visible, but that might be normal forPoint & Click games. I did have to use walkthroughs several times.I would recommend the game. It has a really cool conecpt of human torment and screwed up, offensive situations that I have not seen in other games, but I would not play it again. I want to give the devs credit for making a game the likes of which I have never seen andI did enjoy playing it."
76561198118567461,Recommended,245390,27348945,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PussyControl,The computer in I Have No Mouth and Must Scream. Vengence comes for us all...at least those who aren't hugged.
,Recommended,245390,9608276,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Slider,"Some of the orders in which you have to do things to do well/progress in this game are kind of absurd, but overall it has a unique story worth playing through. If you get discouraged, using a walkthrough won't really hurt your experience, and I'd encourage you do so."
,Recommended,245390,11238464,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Censored,"I have no Mouth, and I Must Scream is one of those Good Old Games on Steam. This Good Old Game uses DOS emulation to run on modern systems, meaning that there are naturally some problems with the emulation (this is also present in the GoG version). I have no Mouth, and I Must scream is based on the short story by the insane genius writer, Harlan Ellison, who plays the insane genius super computer, The Allied Master Computer (or A.M.). Your goal is to be free from A.M., while preserving your humanity and this game gives you a many chances to ♥♥♥♥ it up. Unlike modern games with multiple stranding choices, if you screw up, you will not get a good ending, but a different ending.Gameplay wise, it's a standard Good old point'n'click PC game. It plays like many of these games, and without its atmosphere, IHNMAIMS would be an average game of its era, however, due to its theme, it stands out. There isn't rally too much to say about its gameplay, as it is really extremely standard for its genre.Visually and sound-wise, it's solid and really stands out for its era. The themes it goes across throughout the story are made all the more memorable by the use of visuals and sound. The sound is not perfect mind, some of the voice acting is very... odd, and seems almost out of place in a game that appears to take itself so seriously.The story is what the game is all about, and for the most part, it tells the story of the short story very well. The plot is centred around how far you'll go to maintain your sanity and morality in some very unique game sections. However, some themes that define the characters are poorly represented in some places, but despite this, there are moments in this game that many other games never quite meet.Despite these flaws, this is one of the highlights of the classic PC games on Steam. I have to recommend it to everyone who wants to try something different, it may be massively niche, but the game itself, outside of these weaknesses, is a great, cheap title that I have to recommend, and its great that Steam and GoG can allow games like this a chance to be discovered by a newer audience, such as me, who missed this the first time around. This is Cyberdreams finest hour."
,Recommended,245390,15261152,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Ｂｏｏ Ｂｅｒｒｙ,This game is so old it hurts. It's controls are outdated and are often unfair. That being said this game is well worth the price and is a great narrative if you put enough time into it. Also lots of Giger-esque art.
,Recommended,245390,11734454,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,lazerpanther,"I Have No Mouth is an extremely clunky game and overall not a very fun experience gameplay wise because of it's high level of difficulty. The game is, through and through, an old adventure game. Combining objects to infinity is not present, which I'm very thankful for, but it can be very difficult to play through unless you are using a walkthrough. You will find yourself stuck a whole lot, and I can almost guarantee you'll have a better time if you use a walkthrough.THAT SAID, if you are down with that I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream is an amazing experience storywise. If you don't know anything about it, look up the short story (it's public domain, just Google it) and read it. It's one of my favorite short stories and the game follows that same tone of helplessness. It's eerie, the art style is gross and fascinating, and aside from some of the silly stuff the story is very well written and acted. I would definitely recommend it.Also, the game comes with the soundtrack on Steam and it's one of my favorite game soundtracks. Whoever added that (I'm sure you're reading this) thank you so much."
76561198092028549,Recommended,245390,16882730,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Nerd Crusher,"AM is one scary motherf****r,before showdan, befor skynet, there was AM. and hes more evil than any other.would recommend to:people that like horror games.tourture♥♥♥♥♥♥sarcasmand killing animals.would not recamend for most other people."
,Recommended,245390,14462722,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Ashes,"This is most likely one of the most dreariest and unhappiest games you will come across. And that is why I love it. Based on a short novel, this game is like a alternative version of the story which explores each character individually. In the original novel, they didn't have that much of a personality and the novel ends too quickly before you get to know them.Things I likeCharactersThey all have their unique personality and backstory, which are played out the more you explore each of their story chapters. You really do feel for these characters and their fates, and the game is filled with many heartbreaking scenes. There are also plenty of background characters that affects you emotionally, because you get to see so much suffering in this game.VoiceactingThe voices suits the characters perfectly and it's awesome that the original author, Harlan Ellison, voices the supercomputer AM. He does a fantastic job with the voiceacting. The only voice that was meh was Ted, I think the actor tries to hard to speak softly, which suits the character, but makes the acting seem very forced.Dire consequencesYou do have some choices, although they mostly lead to death, that you can choose throughout the story. It isn't like Telltale where it will shape the outcome, but it's interesting to see what happens.I have to admit though, I laughed when they are sacrificing the poor woman and you can have Benny ask ""Can I eat her?"".StoryThere's no happy ending, there are no moments of joy you can celebrate in, because AM will quickly make sure the character suffers shortly after. You are faced with difficult topics of murder,♥♥♥♥♥♥ torture, suicide, cannibalism, human experiments, betrayal, abuse. I love the fact that this story dares to be this dreary. I can understand though why they removed the scene whereBenny is shown eating in infant. While only depicted in shadows, the scene is still disgustingly graphic. In the game, Benny will simply wonder where the baby is and he never eats it.Things I dislikedNo character interactionUnlike the novel, unfortunately, you never see the characters interact with each other. This is extremely unfortunate as there seemed to be a lot of character development going on between Ted and Ellen, but this never gets explored enough. You mostly see how Ted feels about her through his chapters, but nothing is shown from her point of view.Possible to get permanently stuck without continuationI am not sure if this is a fatal flaw in the design, or a deliberate thing. In Gorristers chapter, if youchose to strangle Edna instead of forgiving her., you basically spend the rest of the game mindlessly walking around without ever being able to finish his chapter. Usually when you do something horrible or unaccaptable, AM will interupt the story and send you back to the beginning. I wasted 3 hours on this chapter because I truly wanted to complete it without a guide, so I was extremely frustrating when I gave up and read the game was not possible to complete due to me chosing the wrong option. And no, you can't undo the option once you get the wrong one.It also seem you can screw up the last part of the game unless youpick Nimdok first. Since that was my least favorite character, naturally I played with everybody else and messed things up."
,Recommended,245390,12407010,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,agsaggasgsa,"First of all, you must have a great wit to defeat AM (Allied Master Computer) and figure out flaws in his horrific tortures. Each character has their own scenario accustomed to their fears and personalities. AM expects you to do something that the character would most likely do and everything gets so ♥♥♥♥ed up from there that the characters mental state is completely depleted.  So normally you have to do something the character would NOT do and do the opposite. Alot of times you just have to be really clever and find flaws in AMs' torture scenario to redeem whoever you are playing as. There's no games like it, one of my favorite games to date, IT EVEN COMES WITH A BOOK!"
,Recommended,245390,32551023,Posted: 18 June,all,Drake Platinum,Played this as a child and never knew the name. over a decade later I finally found the game and finally finished it. This is a really good story game. Yes theres bugs and its very dated but any gamer can look past this if they are the story lover. Replay value is decent trying to get different endings and is very dark.
,Recommended,245390,21043694,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Taako,"A cool little point-and-click, though a bit difficult at times.Faithful to the source material in spirit, and the author of the original story voice acts as AM, which is awesome :)"
,Recommended,245390,32381297,Posted: 12 June,all,MonkeyDudes,"A dark look into the psyche of multiple people and the torrid lives they had experienced. This hasn't aged well, but if you can look past it you are going to enjoy this. Bleak, terrifying, and grotesque, but totally worth it."
,Recommended,245390,7903838,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cyril,"Dated as is to be expected, but that doesn't make it any worse. It's an interesting story that keeps you interesed, although in the end the overarching plot ends up being weaker than the stories of each individual character. Each character scenario can be challenging but the puzzles never get to be really moon-logicky, though admittedly some are easier than others, at least if you're trying to get the best ending for each character. There's no real ""game over"" except in the last scenario, which is also frustratingly cryptic, I ended up just looking up the solution because I couldn't be bothered. The voice acting of the main character (by the writer himself) I did enjoy a fair bit, as well, though on the opposite end, Nimdok's is not very good. The music ranges from creepy to unpleasantly dissonant, some is good, some is bad. The graphics look quite good for its age, though. I'd recommend it but I wouldn't highly recommend it."
76561198049380168,Recommended,245390,13622773,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Biggest Kirby in The World,"Conner, stop being a COD Dota 2 uninspirational soulless casual ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Play this ♥♥♥♥ing game along with Deus Ex, I mean seriously, it's on sale now and it costs like dirt cheap yet you're still being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Really deep game that makes you want to hate your friends because they're too lazy to play masterpieces like this. And Deus Ex.1/1"
,Recommended,245390,8544851,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Chris Ray Gun,'s good
,Recommended,245390,7607386,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Rocky.,HATE HATE HATE
76561198019234149,Recommended,245390,8897714,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,NOBA,Basically the most disturbing and thought provoking point & click of all time.Not for the faint of heart.
,Recommended,245390,8123848,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,w33d_nigg@,One of the greatest storylines of any game that i've ever experienced.
76561198071548134,Recommended,245390,11510800,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,The True Correct Guy,"Well that sucks to be you, then."
,Recommended,245390,12870553,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Damien the Dear,"""I will describe myself as I see myself: I am a great soft jelly thing. Smoothly rounded, with no mouth, with pulsing white holes filled by fog where my eyes used to be. Rubbery appendages that were once my arms; bulks rounding down into legless humps of soft slippery matter. I leave a moist trail when I move. Blotches of diseased, evil gray come and go on my surface, as though light is being beamed from within. Outwardly: dumbly, I shamble about, a thing that could never have been known as human, a thing whoseshape is so alien a travesty that humanity becomes more obscene for the vague resemblance.  Inwardly: alone. Here. Living under the hell, on the floor, in the possession of a collector… At least the five of them are safe at last. He will be all the madder for that. It makes me a little happier. And yet … he has won, simply…I have no mouth. And I must scream.”"
,Recommended,245390,29182816,Posted: 11 January,all,Trickyni,"I have no bomb, and I must tintedrock."
,Recommended,245390,11435341,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,morticius,"The game has not aged well, but it fullfills well the nostalgia feeling..."
76561198044090102,Recommended,245390,28611132,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DoomGiver,A cheerful and beautiful game with full of happy endings.10/10Would torture all characters again
,Recommended,245390,29573629,Posted: 29 January,all,Absadab,I'm scared.
,Recommended,245390,29710735,Posted: 4 February,all,[LitBG] Dick Dastardly,I played this game for eight and a half hours just to make all the playable characters commit suicide
76561197986889963,Recommended,245390,14275842,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Tengil the Liberator,"They hav no muth, and they must scream"
76561198103481725,Recommended,245390,13572509,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Loues.S.Cat,Not exactly Myst but an entertaining little quest none the less that kept me intrested while it lasted.
,Recommended,245390,13541636,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,tmrdr,holy ♥♥♥♥in♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245390,10252007,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Finnishplayer100,"I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"
76561197972566820,Recommended,245390,24171743,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kingvfefe,"For someone without a mouth, he sure does talk a lot.."
,Recommended,245390,17204917,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Vox Maro,this games ♥♥♥♥ed up this game ♥♥♥♥ed me up
76561198079990586,Recommended,245390,29159829,Posted: 10 January,all,Gabiinan Hengi,"Messed up game, I love it.Let's hope the computers have mercy on us in the future."
,Recommended,245390,29806209,Posted: 9 February,all,Dubi,Best thing about this game is when the sprite doesn't always register movement direction and the characters moonwalk around. A+
,Not Recommended,245390,13547887,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zed Clampet,"I am really up in the air on what to rate this, but since I've decided not to finish it, I suppose it's a thumbs down; however, if you like really good stories and don't mind using a walkthrough, this game would probably be a good choice for you.Here's an example of what's wrong with this game *The following contains a small spoiler*So when playing the doctor, you are going around and gathering items, interacting with people, etc.  At some point you have a jar with eyeballs in it and a box, along with a bunch of other stuff.  If you don't put the jar with the eyes in the box (but not any of the other stuff you're carrying), you will fail that character's story and be unable to complete the game.  I want to emphasize that there is no reason to actually combine the jar and the box.   There's no hint.  Nothing.  You just have to randomly decide to do it.  And this is not the only seemingly random action required to complete the story.  That's just the careless way the game was designed.So after fnishing a section incorrectly, you can either reload a save a try again--though you likely won't get it the second time either without the walkthrough--or, if you were careless with your saving, start completely over.It's just a potentially great game that suffers from the odd design choice to let players fail with no ability to retry and little direction on what went wrong."
,Recommended,245390,16881954,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,boopideeboo,"I might write something substantial here later, but I might as well just tell you that you should buy it. $6 for a beautiful, haunting story... the experience is worth it, whether you find the bugs game-breaking or not."
76561198073600298,Recommended,245390,18591667,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Legacy,"An old game from 1995, but keeps its ground even to this day.Five people with their own interlocked stories, you pick in which order they are played out. Its a point and click linear adventure game with a very dark story and atmosphere. Each character has a good deal of depth to them, giving you reason to succeed.Each character leans toward a particular topic, such as sexual assault, genocide and murder, betrayal, and abuse. It is very mature and contains a lot of content that some might find sensitive.The graphics are for an old game so I can't comment on that, but it seems like were relatively good for its time. The game itself is simple enough, only on several times did I need a guide to progress.Easy to solve puzzles with some that make you think for a second. I'm not a really big puzzle player but I found no problems throughout the entire game.Its short, each story only being 1-2 hours long, depending on how much you want to explore for a total of 5-10 hours of gameplay.Give it a go, its a fun journey and the game is pretty cheap and a steal on sales.Personal Rating: 3.5/5"
76561198116175149,Recommended,245390,7821463,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,BNaumovski,"Amazing game and insight into Harlan Ellison's demented creativity. Classic point'n'click adventure gameplay with a twist - you CAN lose. And you do quite often.Anything can go wrong, and it will, most of the time. The game heavily relies on trial and error learning, as one misstep can lead to a complete chapter reset, and you won't even know it, since it will go with your mistakes for as long as it can.Improved yet simple control system, as a true reminder of the early origins of the genre, great graphics (for the production date) and eerie storytelling. All you need for an amazing, and amazingly captivating, yet hard game."
76561198008079951,Recommended,245390,8538512,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,KaasuJalka,"Nice game. Some puzzles are difficult but fortunately you can look solutions from youtube. Themes that are used in game are not common in modern games, so I recommend this as unusual and bizarre gaming experience. Hope you understand the meaning of this game!:D Storytelling is quite mature, so it might not to intrest youger gamers. Game is made in '96 and graphics and sounds are very nostalgic.Fortunately Steam releases these old games (bringing back to life) and also for a resonable price, less than 10 euros. I bought this on winter sale for 1,5 e.8/10"
,Recommended,245390,8706989,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,DJ_Lightbringer,One of the best point and click adventures ever to grace it's way onto a computer.
76561197978646565,Recommended,245390,7997135,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,The Great Spirit of Mope,NOTE: I'D RECOMMEND THIS ONLY IF YOU ARE TOLERANT OF OLD STYLE P&C GAMES! IF YOU DON'T YOU WILL NOT LIKE THIS GAME!I have no mouth and I must scream is one of the more well known titles of the old PC days. It tells a story that is either a hit or miss on some parts. Some characters have their reasons for being where they are fleshed out while others are only mildly hinted at. The puzzles and interface haven't aged too well. The interface is finicky at times and interacting with certain objects or pick ups will lead you to some frustrations wondering what you should do next. Even as a P&C game; it does a rough job telling you what you need to do but considering each character's level is fairly short; messing up isn't too great of a penalty.If your a fan of older adventure games you'll like this [or have already played it] but it's a pain for newcomers. Doesn't help consulting anything save for a youtube walkthough either. Most guides are missing small things that are rather large game triggers for events. Only for the curious or veteran of the genre.
,Recommended,245390,9698530,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,johndelnord,"Old, but very interesting game.Sucks you right in, and teaches a valuable lesson;""There's no escape, not really.""They don' make 'em like these anymore.For the current price, I'd say;try!"
,Recommended,245390,30429671,Posted: 10 March,all,Nihil Reich,"Great game but has some bugs that forces you to delete your save and restart the game, which is fine by me considering it's a 20 year old game."
,Recommended,245390,12735967,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,aWillySoBigNoFemaleWillTakeIt,This is strange.
,Recommended,245390,11237838,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,T.O.A.S.T,Yellow is boners10/10
,Recommended,245390,23961509,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,S0mtimes,Probably the best point and click game I have ever played.
,Recommended,245390,12949226,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,MissBunny,"What to say about I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream? It makes no sense what so ever. Just when you think you’ve got it, you don’t and you never will. And with this game, that’s okay. Things just don’t add up or make sense and the entire game and storyline will leave you questioning what kind of drugs the creators were on and have you asking for some yourself. It’s a dark twisted game with grotesquely themed imagery as well as storylines.  There are five characters with different storylines to play through, all more confusing then the last. Travel to the jungles, a medieval castle, Egypt, inside the brain, a huge airship and last but not least, Germany in the time of WW2.  I had to use a walkthrough the entire game and still was confused and lost. The commands are confusing to use, but give it some time and it will grow on you. Just do yourself a favor and don’t try and comprehend anything that’s going on. 7/10"
,Recommended,245390,8145706,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Eltore,Great old point and click adventure. I recommend it.
,Recommended,245390,8581608,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Spaceman,"fun, if you like point and clicks. its fairly easy also"
,Not Recommended,245390,13598857,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Boon,My save was ruined by a bug in Nimdok's chapter which made it impossible to continue the game.
,Not Recommended,245390,9681959,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,MotherNels,Truly a strange title. I found that it was impossible to play and win without a walkthrough. There is very little logic in what you are supposed to do and it often feels tedious. The one thing that it does manage to get right is atmosphere. The game gives off the feelings that it was meant to give off. I can't help but feel that this should have been left as the short story that it was before it was a game.
,Recommended,245390,24787379,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,stixbunny aka happybunny,good game very good very nice very fun i like much graphics are pretty and story is entretening and dark two thumbs up out of two thumbs
76561198124534463,Recommended,245390,11915520,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Epsilon,"Point, click, solve, torture, fun!"
,Recommended,245390,31495423,Posted: 1 May,all,Hippimarko,A great classic for all point-and-click fans.
,Recommended,245390,15322306,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,AK107bis,"interesting game, great music"
,Recommended,245390,12906874,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,ASHiV,YES!!!But where is freaking NIMDOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245390,12572448,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Leinad Reign,"A classic point & click adventure. With a damn dark story! I like it.But! Only the english version! The german one is censored: A character is missing and you can't finish the game without him. You have to keep taht in mind. I don't know, if you can just switch the language of the game. Maybe it will work."
,Recommended,245390,17807423,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Seismic,
,Recommended,245390,16336217,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Scary Monsters Nonten,Gorrister is bae
,Recommended,245390,9062843,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,KERNBOOM,"Very old skool point and click with a superb horror story and awesome voice overs.If you like these kinds of games, you are probably in on this gem already, and not reading the reviews."
,Recommended,245390,13708494,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Squeaky Snake,"Good game, really cool story and multiple endings. One of the endings really spooked me."
,Recommended,245390,9261458,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,racist mario,for the most part the game's ok even if it has barely any connections with the actual short storybut then you get to gorrister's storyand there's more holes in gorrister's story than there are in his chest
76561198145414778,Recommended,245390,11542462,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,goth shaggy,the music doesn't suit the piece well. industrial glitch noise would be a more fitting soundtrack. that's the only thing bad i can say about this. it's phenomenal. play it. now.
76561198085798004,Recommended,245390,10485493,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,gabriel.harju,Bra spel
,Recommended,245390,22360832,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Dog,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,245390,22693916,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,DarkSider47,This game is great and unique. Buy this game.
76561198042867367,Recommended,245390,7921174,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Great Duke Beardman,"Great point-and-click adventure game from the 90s based off a short story of the same name. Sounds is a little weird for new computers, but is otherwise the exact same game from the 90s. AM is not a nice computer, and you will love the characters. Highly reccomended"
,Recommended,245390,23663810,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Yit,"Interesting/creepy concept, good for a point and click game, came across a few glitches but overall enjoyable experience. --  moral of the story, watch your back cuz your computer might just be ready to torture your♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198018675991,Recommended,245390,32844290,Posted: 26 June,all,King Super Jon,It was just as cool as I remember it!  A wierd puzzler with funny dark voice-overs.  Recommended!
,Recommended,245390,28621218,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cut Down The Tall Trees!,Great Game but hard
,Recommended,245390,17844255,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Aronith,Pretty neat for a game from 1996 ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°
76561198071421958,Recommended,245390,26112702,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,eternal jape,"its pretty much like the book but i dont recommend it for 6 bucks, maybe if its ever on sale...ends very, very fastLike, maximum gameplay you could get outta it is like 3-6 hours,  depending if you've played the game already or you need to think to know where to go"
76561198067121286,Recommended,245390,25928959,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,pablogps86,"I chose to recommend this game since it is possible to find quite cheap and it is short.As a story and visual experience it is brilliant. Uncompromising and brutal, it showed me things I had never found in a video game before. For that, I recommend it.However, as a puzzle game it is perhaps the worst I have played. Most puzzles range from unintelligent to random, and there are many ways in which you may find a dead-end (sure, restarting any of the mini chapters is easy, but it does not feel fair or fun). In the end I played it with a walkthrough at hand, to save myself some time.In short, try for the experience and try to forgive the gameplay.By the way: I have learnt this is based on a famous book, so you might want to check that one out."
,Recommended,245390,25923299,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Guts,"If you've read the original short story and enjoyed it, you really should play this game. It takes the premise and blows it up into a beautiful, disturbing mess. You get to see a lot more of the character's personalities and histories, and there are some interesting new faces, too.If you haven't read the original story: it's really easy to find on the internet. If you don't want to bother, the product description here on steam is an accurate explanation of the setting and premise.If the information on this store page makes the game sound appealing, don't bother hesitating. It's totally worth it."
76561198023484371,Recommended,245390,34186484,Posted: 12 August,all,Pwnzworth,"Interesting story: So when this game was being developed, one of the producers, David Mullich, went over Harlan Ellison's house to give a presentation of the early build of the game. For some reason Mullich neaded an outlet, and for some even stranger reason the nearest one was hidden under a potted plant behind a booth. Ellison then proceded to deliver what I assume is a sick burn in those ancient days, saying ""Another one of the Cyberdream's brain trust"" (Mullich worked for Cyberdream). That's how this game made me feel. Often lost and confused even though it wasn't mostly my fault and then judged by Ellison's ghost. Still an amazing story though... game 7/10, short story 10/10."
,Recommended,245390,8087091,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Forge,A really interesting look at what the future may have in store for us.
,Recommended,245390,8863010,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Your Best Friend,"Read the book, then think about playing it."
,Recommended,245390,8496061,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,1objection,"Made in the 90's, this game has aged liked wine. The story is interesting and the puzzles progress the story in a way that makes sense."
,Recommended,245390,8811950,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford,Super Cool 90s game run inside of an MS-DOS VM. Read the short story of the same name to get an idea of the game!
,Recommended,245390,8387736,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Captain Gregory,This game is pretty great and disturbing but it has all the factors I like for some reason. It appeals to a audience most games don't bother to tread into. 8/10
76561197970846183,Recommended,245390,8767681,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,GK,A good classic game
,Recommended,245390,9096951,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Morphy,"I...This game...It really shows why...Why you shouldn't be a bad person...it shows the moral choice everyone makes..and it shows what happens when you can't live with the choices you make. AM may be a evil selflish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥..but he is..in a way..helping benny,gorrister,ellen,nimdok, and ted, find a way to overcome their fears...whether he likes it or not."
,Recommended,245390,8324539,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,nooobdude,h8 m8hey how many endings are there
,Recommended,245390,11775798,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Vladimir Lenin <3's Leon Trotsky,"Pros:~Amazing philosophy-based gameplay (Choices)--See Cons, many aren't; many are.~Multiple Endings~The voice acting really is amazing. The characters match perfectly.~Plot twists done really wellNeutral:~The graphics aren't 2014 xbox one super realism, yeah, but they're great to see for that nostalgic feeling.Cons:~The homosexuality (Sorrow from being homosexual in a heterocentric world) from the original novel isn't touched on with Benny... Well... At all.~Many dead ends~No replayability (Though this is expected)"
,Recommended,245390,9543167,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Simonas,"I, AM I have created Pipedream Extreme Toyz ♥♥♥♥ My Big Fat ♥♥♥♥♥♥s Masturbator. YOU always wanted to ♥♥♥♥ a busty♥♥♥♥♥♥with huge dreams 36DDs, so what are you waiting for.... Take this stacked little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the box, push play on the DVD HARDCORE your♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ big♥♥♥♥♥♥grease to drain every drop of juice-ball from your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Big♥♥♥♥♥lovers look forward, I have designed a perfect pair of jugs made for ♥♥♥♥ing and sucking! These enormous DD melons are soft, bouncy, and made rock and crush with every thrust. Slide your♥♥♥♥♥♥between her huge cans and ♥♥♥♥♥-♥♥♥♥ her all night long! Pinched her nipples beat her chest, and do what you want with her perfect pair of huge hooters. Have fun! This is the most realistic, realistic torso masturbator ever created and a must for all. With 12 pounds of super-soft Fanta-flesh shot and massaging your♥♥♥♥♥♥ I swear a real DD rack right in front of you when you're horny."
,Recommended,245390,13360897,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,731 Squad,"""I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"" only for those who REALLY likes old games ( it is very important) .You must complete 7 mini stories ( games). I completed 1 story and it is not so difficult. But maybe other stories are pretty hard? Anyway when I played it I remembered really good game - ""Jorney to the center of the Earth"" ( by the way I recommend it). I do not want to tell the story of the game. Just try to play it ( it is very cheap with 91%off).Meanwhile 9/10"
,Not Recommended,245390,21289060,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Sid1120,"This is one of those games where the game is unplayable without a FAQ, because the ""puzzles"" are non-sensical.You basically have to push the right thing at the right moment, with no concern as to why it makes any sens at all.The story itself is similarly... questionable.The base concept isn't particularly amazing.If you must, look at a ""Let's Play"" over YouTube. That's what I ended up doing and I still didn't find the story to be great by any means."
,Recommended,245390,26075231,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,PokePickle,I definitely recommend this game if you are a lover of the creepy and absurd. But do be warned that it doesn't at all follow the book and it is potenially triggering with its in depth mentions of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057445139,Not Recommended,245390,14632324,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Richter,"Even though this game claims to have a geman voiceover, the ones making it clearly didn't care since whenever you do something that seems unexpected, like click an object that has noting to do with finishing the puzzle, you will encounter other voiceovers being mixed in since the speakers didin't voice this part, I encountered english and a few other languages.This game is also unplayable in the german version period since one of the story paths was removed because it involved Nazis. The german censors didn't seem to care either, so they just cut the character you have to click to enter that path, this can however be fixed by changing your steam language to english.But even if you manage to get it running without the issues of the german version, you are still faced with a bad game. Reasons for this are:-the story itself has little to do with the original short story I have no mouth and I must scream.  You can listen to it on youtube but nothing that happened in the story will happen in this game, instead you get a story that is complete nonsense. You randomly enter a fantasy castle and have to face witches and demons for example.-the pointing and clicking is unintuitive. This game has multiple scenes where you HAVE to use pixelhunting to progress. My favorite is a bathroom that only contains a magnifying glass after you talk in a certain way to a certain NPC with the best part being that it's very small, easily overlooked and that you are not informed that anything in the bathroom changed.Positive points:-it can be terrifying if you are easily scared-the graphics and sounddesign, excluding the horrible voicework, is solid-there are mutiple ways to finish a puzzle, although the game prefers some over others"
,Not Recommended,245390,19812404,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Cheshire Ghoul,"As interesting as the premise and story of this game is, the gameplay makes it aggrivating and not worth playing. There's not enough direction, and with so many things to click and several different actions, a majority of the time is spent rotating through actions and items and the rest of the time is wasted on walking animations, which take way too long. So it takes forever to get from one action to the next without a walkthrough, and overall it's a pretty shameful waste of time and money."
,Not Recommended,245390,21844663,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blood War,"There's some good things but when your point and click has items that only appear after something happens, and their apparance has nothing to do with the events that just took place, and when the goals are bearly spoken and then there's hidden goals that if you didn't get for one character you can't beat the game and will have to start all over from the beginning."
,Not Recommended,245390,18122850,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,beetlejews,"This game is old, first of all.Amazing, but old.Anyways.The graphics are lovely, I've always enjoyed the pixelated style.The story is uniquely written, and brought something new to the table when it was made.The gameplay makes this game fall short quite a bit, just for one reason.It is so. Easy. To screw. Up. So easy.The last nitpick I have is that the endings are kind of unsatisfying, and not worth going through everything all over to see."
,Recommended,245390,15126219,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Nora (Birthday in 3 days),"the review in short: this game rocks my bawls buy it right god damn now 11/10 would scream againthe review in long: this game is a horror point and click based on the short story and radio drama (LOOK IT UP) by the same name it revols around 5 people kept alive after the end of the world by a god like computer called AM only to suffer AM's unending torment this game is very very very horfic unlike a lot of morden so called ""horror games"" that think the only way to scare the play is flashing something on the screen with a lodu ear destroying *fnaf screech* this game manages to scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you with ZERO JUMP SCARES! unstead useing graphic and disturbing places and actions comited both by the play or by the NPC's around them this game does suffer a few flaws while its story and pacing are great its game play like alot of point and clicks falls very short and you will easily get bored of this game if your some kinda COD fnaf jumped up on ritlin, cola, your mom jokes and ""420 blaze it"" but if your a reall person (ie not 12 and a half) i think this game holds a lot of in ejoyment and if you really get stuck theres no shame it useing a guide.pros: truly scary game, great story, likeable charters, amazeing voice acting.cons: boring and plody game play, it doesnt run on some setups, a few puzzles are damn near unsolvable, no one who has ever loved a call of duty game will like this game"
,Not Recommended,245390,13641094,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,vulvor,"When i speak with any pnj -> disconnection.When i walk into a room -> disconnection.When i choose french language, and if my game don't crash -> dialogue is in spanish.6/5."
76561198039103290,Recommended,245390,9303553,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,camaro96rs69,"Old school, point and click adventure. Very grim and eerie atmosphere, adult oriented. Great story, good game, worth the buy if you liked the story, worth a try if you like point and click puzzle type games."
76561198035946000,Recommended,245390,26447563,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GolovA,Sure.  Good retro feel based on a well-known novelette.
,Recommended,245390,19887248,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,thiz,"Very mature and scary classic point and click adventure based on a short story. If the idea of an AI terrorizing five different people for 109 years straight, controlling a cannabilist or a nazi experimentor souds terrifyingly great to you, then you are welcome to enjoy this great piece of software. A lot of fun, there are two or bugs in this, but nothing that can't be fixed by just clicking again. The graphics look beautiful, and thats coming from someone who usually can't tolerate pixel art. I spend about 5-6 hours for my first run and I knew alot of stuff from back in the days. Its great for a late evening of scaryness."
,Not Recommended,245390,10029458,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,celeste_ar,"I think one would be better off reading the novel, way too much trial and error in this game. also the way the story is portrayed is cheesy and borderline family friendly which is catastrophic to me since i had this really gruesome and dark vision of the story, sure the game is dark, but not as dark as the novel. the characters are all cheery and full of life, making snarky jokes about their situation despite of having been tortured for 109 years. this bothered me immensly. other than that it is a pretty cozy point and click game. it's just that i would recommend the novel over the game."
,Recommended,245390,30349187,Posted: 5 March,all,Poshlust,"If it's your thing.. The game has obviously aged terribly, there really aren't that many riveting moral dilemmas I expected- more of a straightforward scenario case wherein a brief choice near the end of each character playthrough separates the ""good"" ending from the ""bad"". The entire premise is based around relatively outdated pop-psych concepts as well, though it makes some decent use out of them by appropriating it to the weird concepts behind the story.Maybe a little comically forced edgelord scenarios at times, but it's still worth trying, even if it's just to appreciate how far games have come."
76561198034858532,Not Recommended,245390,17681459,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,kyoodle,I have no walkthrough and I must sigh.
76561198009035906,Recommended,245390,12894701,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,herosgate,Great story.
,Not Recommended,245390,16752395,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,DocCastle,"I want this game to be great, but it fell into the pattern of many older games reworked: they simply don't stand the test of time.I played the German Nazi doctor first. Dear lord his voice acting is horrible. His German accent is the most cliche accent I have ever encountered. I could not take him seriously.That small problem aside, the game comes from an era where game length was increased by mandatory replay. Each time you play a character through, you can make bad and good choices, but making bad choices will ultimately make you lose the game. And a choice you made 15 minutes earlier will irrevocably make the game unfinishable.The game does a horrible job of giving you feedback. When you do something right, it will play a jingle that blends in easily to the games music. Maybe you will see something light up on the portrait. Otherwise, there are no other cues given.I wanted to like this dark deep look at human nature, but like almost every game I've played from 10+ years ago, our nostalgia is overwriting our experience.If you want the experience, just watch someone play it on youtube."
,Not Recommended,245390,13833839,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,•cC• Cookie,"Crap and buggy game, great story. Just get the novel."
,Recommended,245390,7534598,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Are the ghosts of slaves white?,The best game ever made.
,Not Recommended,245390,18745909,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,DasWunderKind,Maybe back on the day this was something great.But for me this game was kinda a letdown the story was alright to say something..The puzzles and branching choices were also just kinda there..To be honest I completed it with the best ending possible but none of the themes was interesting to me or fleshed out.This game is based on a book but the characters in this game are as bland as they come.Nothing in this game surpised me or made me flinch or made me WoW.Now I look back trying to remember anything worth a damn and I just cant.3/10
,Not Recommended,245390,13834045,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cpt.Ragequit,I have no♥♥♥♥♥and I must♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198118366779,Not Recommended,245390,15046949,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Doorknob,"If you like to click aimlessly for long periods at a time, this is the game for you. I heard that this game released in 1998 was good. It is 2015, this game got old."
,Recommended,245390,7751900,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cam,"Great for those times when You Have No Life, and You Must Play."
,Not Recommended,245390,15924350,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Karate Robo Zaborgar,this game is about a computer and it's really really angry and screeches at you and it hates you and is mean to you.
,Not Recommended,245390,29590808,Posted: 30 January,all,Nietzschan,An old timer like this really needs a remastered version because at its current state you'll want to scream while playing it. I think you're just better off reading the short story is was based upon. In less than 20 pages Harlan Ellison will take you on a sick and twisted journey that every edgelord should experience.
76561198000807643,Recommended,245390,24540442,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ᴟ ᵁ ᵳ ԂЯ  [︻デ┳═ー    ͫ   λ ₦╦ ﭑ Ȿ,I have no♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sara Jessica Parkers Buttcheese!Cheesecake for everyone!!!10/10
76561197970538611,Not Recommended,245390,22361283,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Westenra,"Fascinating story, sadly not even the great Harlan Ellison can elevate his classic tale from the mundanity of the point-and-click formula."
76561198012931704,Not Recommended,245390,33438269,Posted: 10 July,all,Wolvenfire86,"Incredibly boring. Constant restarts and constant dying makes the story progression very slow. Despite the incredibly metal plot, it’s soooo boring."
,Not Recommended,245390,11068868,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,David Moriarty,"Wild and intriguing, but lacks replay value. Wouldn't really recommend this game because, even though it is unique in it's story, it just isn't that much fun to play. The interface is point and click and you often find yourself just guessing at how to proceed."
,Not Recommended,245390,12753324,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,FlappyMcBitey,Not winnable without a walkthrough.
76561198057914518,Not Recommended,245390,8989243,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Fognacious Quash,"I've heard great things about this game, but have not been able to play it because of unbearably bad audio skipping.. I've tried changed the prebuffer values and other various things in the config but have not found a solution. I also can't find any help online for this issue, and its really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. so if anyone knows how to fix this, PLEASE let me know!"
,Not Recommended,245390,9091081,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ej,"A pompous mess. Disturbing, predictable, not very clever, mostly devoid of fun. I'm usually a fan of quirky point and click adventure games and also a fan of Harlan Ellison's other works. But can't force myself to continue.Oh, and it is quite ugly looking, poorly animated and buggy.I'm told: ""It is not supposed to be fun"". Well, I don't recall its description saying it is intended for masochists.Disregard the short playing time, Steam didn't register the rest. I played 3 chars for a while, before deleting."
,Not Recommended,245390,33625795,Posted: 18 July,all,MAGA_enable 1,It's too simple. There is nothing clever about it.And all of the dialogue is just expositon
76561198030094739,Not Recommended,245390,7773874,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SauerTrout,"Maybe I'm just too new skool for this game, but it's rather tedious.  The premise is interesting, but I think I might just look up the short story it's based upon to get the stories of the characters."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,245390,22990440,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,MMG Man,this game is a poor excuse for point and click.  more like random click and see what happens.
,Not Recommended,245390,8462601,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SpyHunter,0/10 just go watch a gameplay walkthrough on youtube yo this♥♥♥♥♥♥is aged.
76561198044884722,Not Recommended,245390,30236166,Posted: 28 February,all,gamer,"omg.. this game is so boring!!!! and no action too, click,, click,, more click,,, maybe if your a boring guy this game is for u... but not for me xD"
,Not Recommended,245390,31830044,Posted: 18 May,all,M⌬rtius,this game is crap lol
,Recommended,245390,9697750,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Koreth,"Recommended, but not strongly. This game suffers less from the tropes of point-and-click adventure games than most, but they're still there: you will find yourself doing the ""try using everything in your inventory on the thing in the game world"" routine on occasion, as well as the ""I know what to do but the game isn't letting me do it yet because I haven't satisfied some arbitrary precondition"" one. The UI is typical for a game of its time (which is to say, a bit clunky by today's standards but not unusable). Voice acting is good. The story has an interesting premise, and is somewhat nonlinear in the sense that you can play through the various characters' subplots in any order. Clocks in at around 6-7 hours of play, which is about the right length; much longer and it would overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,245390,10499110,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Robotdell,"This is hands-down, the best ""no mouth"" simulation game I've ever played"
,Recommended,245390,10134998,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,G H O S T H U G G I N G,"It's great, a real classic."
,Recommended,245390,10010662,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,800% More Autism,Gave me some mild nightmares and made me gasp at least once. 10/10
,Recommended,245390,10090163,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Kuro,"As a gamer who's always been highly interested in the history of gaming, as well as classic games that are more obscure. When I first discovered this game I was most interested in the fact that it was based off of a short story. It sounds so bizarre to me. Fast forward probably a year and I had entirely forgotten about it before seeing it on Steam. I turned it on and began playing and,honestly, I wasn't disappointed. It's a game that runs through strong writing and an interesting world. The characters are pretty well developed and the game puts them in situations where they work pretty well. I've never been good at point and clicks and the last time I bought a retro PC game was when I bought Fallout, which was hard for me to adapt to, however, with IHNMAIMS, I ended up playing for four hours without realizing. In my opinion, it's well worth the five dollars, not only because of the game, but it comes with the original short story, as well. Truly one of the most interesting games that I've played in a long time."
76561197995652048,Recommended,245390,9176803,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,HappyEngineer,"As far as point and click adventures go, this is one of the greatest. I couldn't stop playing until I had finished. There's plenty of edge to the story and I can't get enough of games that feel different."
,Recommended,245390,9615872,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,hobag19,"Controls can be a bit wonky, but the story and puzzles are classic.  Play it, play it over again, and enjoy Harlan Ellison's hammy voice acting.  Glorious A+"
76561198017258573,Recommended,245390,10028152,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Necroluster,One of the wickedest games ever made. Pure sadistic evil based on an equally evil sadistic book.
76561198030348355,Recommended,245390,10028242,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,BrainOnSlugs,"One of the best, most memorable gaming experiences I've had."
76561198045752231,Recommended,245390,9820121,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,supertard661,A really fun and challenging point and click adventure with phychological horror thrown in a must have
76561198004776505,Recommended,245390,9793648,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Seniorita Fajita,"I love this game and it is really great, very dark and scary. I've been having problems making it fit my screen on my current computer but on the old DOS ive played it on before it works greak so i know its a wonderful game, totally worth getting, just hopefully your steam one wont have parts cut off the the edges of your moniter!"
,Recommended,245390,8535794,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,seshiri54,"The story is very interesting and it is a decent point and click adventure. It is a very dark game, but if you like games with dark themes, this is for you! Some of the puzzles can be kind of tricky and are very trial and error. I still found playing the game to be an enjoyable experience, however."
,Recommended,245390,8681429,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Xenomorph (Jagdauslader),"this game is a point and click, so if you dont like them, dont buy it. otherwise, this is more about the story then the gameplay, and the story is one of many themes, including ptsd, the holocaust, narcassism, and many ohters. it will amke you cringe, and question your morality as a human, and if what you do is really good or bad. Harlan Ellison has made a masterpiece of psycholoical horror, and is one hell of a ride. this is not a game for the faint of heart, be warned. it is greatly disturbing and brutally insulting, but its all worth it to hear the story, and to be in the place of AM the great and torturous"
,Recommended,245390,7658312,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,The Majin,"A truly great adventure game from the early-mid 1990's. Based on a harrowing sci-fi story by The Harlan Ellison, this is a dark and mature tale of the highest level. If you can handle 90's era adventure graphics and mature content then play this game."
76561198019439375,Recommended,245390,9591649,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,TeamVictory!,"I loved the original short story but it seemed to start and finish in a flash.  The game is best thought of as a visual novella expanding on the book.  It's creepy and captures the atmosphere built by the original author.  If you read the book and wanted to explore more of that universe than this game is for you.A throwback to the simpler times of gaming where point-and-click adventure games ruled.  The gameplay is surprisingly smooth for such an old game and the only difficulty setting is ""unforgiving"" so don't be upset if you utterly lose multiple times before getting just one part of the game down."
76561197999448347,Recommended,245390,9274320,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Oman elämänsä Arje,Fun times with insane computer & Josef Mengele. 5/5.
,Recommended,245390,9318718,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,cheese mask,"Really interesting point and click, buy if you have a preference for great storytelling and in-depth backstory.  That being said the voice acting is god awful."
76561198047975427,Recommended,245390,9324958,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,640509-040147,"Though it is hard to actually recommend an almost twenty years old game these days, I assume it is safe to say that those who found this page in the first place won't be disappointed. The atmosphere is unparalleled. The soundtrack is outstanding. I normally hate point-and-click games but for this title I was happy to make an exception. The price tag seems a bit steep for such an old game and I'm pretty sure I came across a (non-pirated) free DOS version somewhere on the internet. It is however patched more regularly than most 2000's games so from that point of view the price could be justified. I certainly didn't regret my purchase!"
76561198038156154,Recommended,245390,9348162,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Klao,Strange game but i liked it.7.5/10
76561198045175996,Recommended,245390,9210276,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Jetlag Gemini,"This game was well worth the time and effort put into playing it. The atmosphere and story bring the dark and macabe of gaming to a whole other level, and having read Ellison's short myself the game does a fanastic job representing the work. If not better, as each character is delved into and explored. Though some aspects were left out, the story hardly suffers and is fantastic anyway.The game functions as a point and click adventure with some easy puzzle solving elements and a morality scale that glows green when you solve problems or perform an action to mend the characters guilt or past transgressions, The game is less cheesy than it sounds, I promise.My only complaints would be that the music becomes grating and sometimes, when i would pause and unpause, my character would walk off the screen and into the distance until the vanished, or get stuck on randomobjects and not respond to any commands. This is incredibly frustrating on the occasion that it happens, so save often!"
,Recommended,245390,8587085,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Snowflake!,"Finally, the highly coveted, highly terrifying DOS adventure makes its way to Steam! One of the most psychologically frightening pieces of interactive fiction I have ever laid my eyes on. A landmark classic for all adventure and horror game fans.+ A bone-chilling graphic adventure psudo-novel that tackles adult themes and the darkest aspects of mankind+ Psychologically provocative plot that expands upon the original 1967 short story+ Morality system that has SERIOUS implications on each of the five characters you can play as+ Fully voiced, starring the original short story's author, Harlan Ellison- Many puzzles lack comprehension and logic; some pixel hunting may be required- Voice acting can get a bit hokey and emotionless at some points- Heavily concentrated nightmare fuel. Because AM really HATE HATE HATES you."
,Recommended,245390,7408808,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,LegendRS,...
76561198031327987,Recommended,245390,17737641,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,njbitar,"Great story, amazing atmosphere, grueling dilemnas and choices. However this is a point and click, not the most easily accessible type of game, and as a lot of people pointed out, has quite a few bugs and freezing problems adding up to the inherent difficulties of point and click games. I'd recommend saving often and on many different save files in order to avoid unpleasant surprises.While most of the enigmas can be solved using the in-game hint system once you get a hang of it, it wouldn't hurt having a guide nearby just in case, especially if you are going for the ""good"" ending. Some scenarios are way easier than others (Ted and Ellen are the easiest, Nimdok is average difficulty unless you want the good ending, and Benny and Gorrister are really hard. The ending is practically impossible without a guide, unless you're an adept of die and retry, harcore level).Besides these technical questions, I have no mouth is a haunting, beautifully written and artistically flawless game like no other. There are different ways to finish each scenario, and I will get back to it after I have managed to shake the anguish that comes with playing and finishing the game for the first time."
,Recommended,245390,17617839,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,R`enesco,♥♥♥♥ing A!
,Recommended,245390,17716056,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Joe,Unprecedented amounts of nightmare fuel
76561198091173019,Recommended,245390,16844438,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,cyuut,"If you like point and clicks then pick this one up, especially if on deal. Good voice acting. Reasonably good puzzles. Varied due tomultiple character set up."
76561198051016157,Recommended,245390,18093215,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,eddielugnutz,"If you don't know about the book I'd highly recommend reading it first before playing, this game will make so much more sense if you do and you will be so much more connected to the storylines. If you haven't, no worries, this is a cult classic, you are in for a real treat!I guess it is similiar to point and click adventures, you have puzzles and exploration, while today that is old hat, in 95' it was a lot of fun, the graphics even hold up well for being 20 years old.My setup is an HP desktop with AMD A8 6500k 3.5Ghz quad with 16Gb DDR3 and MSI Gefore GTX 750ti 2Gb card, Win 8.1 64bit and this game started up first time go, no need to run compatibility or adjust any resolution, my monitor native resolution is 1920x1080 and this game runs perfectly.I played this game many times over the years, and had to have it on Steam when it was on sale, it hasn't lost any luster, love it. Hard to choose between this game and Another World for best 90's obscure but awesome games title."
,Recommended,245390,18087385,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,DoomandDaggers,"Based on the Harlan Ellison short story, I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream is a video game like no other; for a start, there's no real way to win the game. This game is about developing your character and adapting your thoughts as you try to make your way through different scenarios. You'll find yourself making some unsettling choices along the way, which may enhance or corrupt your story, depending on how you want to play through it of course. This is a smart point-and-click game that will provide a unique game experience for those looking for one."
,Recommended,245390,13648891,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hispanic At The Disco,"An incredibly grim title based on the short story of the same name. A point and click adventure that really delves into some controversial topics like Nazi experimentation, dystopias, and psychological torture.If you have read the short story from 1967, you'll pretty much know the plot the game ahead of time, but this  is an expansion on the characters from the story.Well worth a look."
,Recommended,245390,13602864,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mr. Momp,"♥♥♥♥♥my pants 3 times already, 30 minutes in.10/10"
76561198169068341,Recommended,245390,13880426,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,GantzGungrave,"This game is F'd up!!I am a huge fan of adventure point & click games, and have been my whole life. Kings Quest, Space Quest, Legend of Kyrandia, Sam & Max, Day of the Tentacle....I could go on and on...The only thing that really sets this game apart is the story and subject matter, it really is F'd up! NOT for kids!I really like this game, and would recommend it to any fan of this genre. I got it on sale which was freaking sweet, but unlike other games I got on sale I wouldnt of been upset paying full price for it."
,Recommended,245390,13858227,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,vixenchild333,"SO BEAUTIFULLY DARK! Allied Mastercomputer is 100% ♥♥♥♥ed up and I love it, not to mention everyone else's stories."
,Recommended,245390,13345732,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Grayflox,much like the computer in the game this game ♥♥♥♥ing hates you
,Recommended,245390,13339136,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,atrus,"Classic puzzler. Builds on open ScummVM stuff, so it actually runs really nice."
76561198067888927,Recommended,245390,13354590,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Epic Lad,A fun throwback experience. I played this so that I would have first hand knowledge of a classic game. My only complaint is that its ending was so incredibly particular that it hardly seemed reasonable or even possible without the assistance of a guide. The only other solution would have been an incredible amount of dedication and a strong love for grinding.
76561197996499481,Recommended,245390,13361984,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Etsat,"Good, old style point-and-click adventure and creepy game.Remember that this game is old, have the pace and gfx of an old game. But the story is.. well.. I said it is creepy, right?"
,Recommended,245390,13371419,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,milkman,"The few issues this game has are due to the technical limitations of the era it was made in.  That aside, it's pretty much the most disgusting thing on Steam right now, and it's brilliant. Powerful and disturbingly believable. Buy it at once."
,Recommended,245390,14249034,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Hero,"Beautiful classic, I don't regret purchasing this. I point and click game that makes you think outside the box and challenges one to think, something video games tend not to do now.Don't get this if you expect a quick and easy finish. Follow the clues and test all your options to make the best of this game."
76561198070199832,Recommended,245390,14252689,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ShinyMetalDeath,"Everything has already been said in the reviews regarding how good this game is, so i shall just say this;I passed this game over so many times during my life and I'm ashamed to say the reason was the box art.I was a fool, this is one of the best point and click adventure games I have ever played.If like me you passed it over do yourself a favour and give it a go, you will not be disapointed.Still looks & sounds great for a 10 year old game."
76561198131281377,Recommended,245390,14037879,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rofl Copterss,Pixel hunting fun.
,Recommended,245390,15748958,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,KamikazeGirl,I knew I had to fix the door in the castle but I forgot too. I was eaten by wolfs. Poor Ted.
,Recommended,245390,14788536,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,xMutism,"Absolutely fantastic game but super heavy. Not for the faint of heart. All the stories are dark but Ellen's and Nimdok's were definitely more difficult to go through story wise. Only negative thing I can think of is, as many other point and clicks, some of the puzzles have really weird solutions that, when you finally figure them out, still don't make much sense. Highly recommend you play this and then read the actual short story."
,Recommended,245390,7428155,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Mad Mike Marsbergen,"The most twisted game I've ever had the fortune of playing.Based off the short story (of the same name) by legendary writer, Harlan Ellison-- this is a dark point 'n' click adventure game.The writing is incredible-- again, the job has been done by Harlan, who chose to expand the story somewhat, giving the characters even more life.It's got fantastic emotive voice acting, with AM (the antagonist, a sadistic Allied supercomputer) voiced by Harlan Ellison himself. I felt for the characters (and they do go through hell-- specifically, their own personal hells), and you get quite a few to play with.You've got:1. Nimdok - ex-Nazi physician stuck in a concentration camp; forced to perform medical experiments on innocents to find 'the lost tribe'.2. Gorrister - man stuck in a zeppelin; suicidal over committing his wife to a mental institution; finds he is missing his heart.3. Ellen - ex-engineer stuck in an electronic pyramid, wall-to-wall of yellow (a colour she is afraid of); is given an opportunity to sabotage AM, but only if she can confront her yellow-clothed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥inside the yellow elevator.4. Benny - ex-military captain who killed his squad, degenerated to a brutish simian who can't express his intelligent thoughts; stuck in a stone-age community that regularly performs human sacrifices to AM.5. Ted - paranoid schizophrenic stuck in a medieval castle; his love, Ellen (alluding to the other Ellen), is slowly dying because of a curse cast on her by her wicked stepmother.The gameplay goes beyond typical point 'n' click, featuring a revolutionary (for the time) morale system, where your actions and the choices you make dictates the outcome for the character. There are multiple endings, for each character, and for the endgame. Good and bad things can (and will) happen to the characters you controlled.One of the best games I've played, and also one of the best point 'n' clicks."
,Recommended,245390,16205421,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,n21lv,"I really like point&click adventures, so buying this one was easy decision, especially since there was a huge discount. The game is a bit too linear, e.g. you can't interact with all visible objects unless you do things in a correct order. Voice acting is great, as are SFX -- I got shivers every time that dramatic music when reading new Psyche records was played :D Overall, this is a nice classic adventure with some interesting philosophy and multiple endings.P.S. Always read the Psyche book first!"
,Recommended,245390,16300992,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,D'juke Mustah,"I liked the atmosphere of the game. It's good if you can understand what the game is about. The main problem with it is that the game has bugs, they are rare but when you encounter them the game crashes. It's best to save every step of the way or use a walkthrough. I recommend this for people who'd like play this just for the story. If your more inclined to do puzzles without a guide, be careful. Some puzzles can be really difficult to figure out because some of them are so obscure or out of place."
76561198059383232,Recommended,245390,7550098,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Burnout,"This game was originally released in 1996, but it's still just as good now as it was then. Very complicated and somewhat disturbing, with lots of puzzles and a good story."
76561198092213606,Recommended,245390,10302699,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,OathKeeperSora,"This was my first real point and click game, and I have to say, I really enjoyed it. The game is really quite difficult, possibly more than necessary at some points, but an overall good time. I'd recommend it to anyone who loves a challenging story-driven game with lots of dark humor."
,Recommended,245390,10369973,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Ryven,Classic point-and-click adventure game with a magnificent story.
76561198002513096,Not Recommended,245390,16255552,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,crisis,"Great story, well done voice overs, but it is destroyed, this game is impossible even with walkthroughs. its simply broken, you especially with garrister even when doing the correct things if you do them out of order you have to commit suicide and try again from the begining. dont even bother."
,Recommended,245390,16277111,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Swtich,I came for dark & twisted hopelessness. I ended up with five heart-wrenching stories of redemption. Amazing.
76561197978424607,Recommended,245390,15523374,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,:),Beef jerky is like a meat raisin
,Recommended,245390,16182487,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Agent Cooper,"i have no johnston, and i must..."
,Recommended,245390,15155794,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Reddari,"I drank gasoline, talked with graves and killed man with holy grail. I can't wait what comes next.p.s. Gorrister's smile is creepiest thing in this game."
76561198049183091,Recommended,245390,15080788,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,CanisLupus4285,"This game actually scared me, without the use of ghosts, monsters, Weeping Angels, or jumpscares. That is worth a recommendation alone. I'd recommend playing with a walkthrough though; most of the enjoyment comes from the story anyway, and the point-and-click puzzles can be quite punishing."
76561198148392642,Recommended,245390,15106872,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,eobiont,"This game may look a bit outdated now when it comes to design, animation and sound. Despite it supposedly deals with dark aspects of humanity, it is much less dark and crude than Harlan Ellison´s original short story. Still, I would definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys adventure games, especially if they are sci-fi fans.The game was developed by Harlan Ellison himself, so it is one of those -rare?- opportunities to experience a game that takes you the way the author of the original story would have devised it to go. I guess Mr. Ellison was satisfied with the result as he even lends his voice to AM!The game recovers the IHNMAIMS story premise: 5 humans are forever trapped in the innards of a derranged computer (AM) who keeps them alive in order to torture them for eternity. In the game, AM has devised games that explore the background and nature of each of its subjects. Each human will have to confront his/her fears and flaws in the hope of getting some relief from their non-ending suffering. There are different ways of ending each individual scenario, depending on the moral choices taken. When getting to a character´s individual background game end, that character will not be present at the Hate Column. This may be achieved even with low moral choices (indicated by the character´s avatar background, called Spiritual Barometer, being dark instead of bright green or white). The better (brighter) your SB, the better chances you´ll have at the final part of the game.It may also happen that a character´s performance leads to his/her death in that scenario. In these cases, AM delivers the character back to the Hate Column and he/she will eventually have to start their adventure from scratch.The game has a peculiar logic. In order to get the best results, some decisions may not be as straightforward as they may appear, but I had no problem with that when considering I was supposedly playing in a world devised and controlled by nutty AM. It is an interesting ride, and I will be playing it at least a couple of times more to try different choices and see their outcomes.The game has some bonus content, including John Ottman´s soundtrack (with a very retro feel), the original short story and an interesting Making of... pdf. Here it says the game can not be actually won in the traditional sense, and especially in this setting I found that quite appropriate. I got this in a sale, and even if you don´t like the game the scarcely 2$ are well worth the short story alone.The game feels 20 years old in some of its design aspects, but that is part of the charm. It may also be a bit slow for some people as it dwells more in morals/psychology than in action. It may also feel a bit depressing for the subjects it covers.I didn´t love the voice actors, but it is cool to hear the author give life to AM. The women I found especially annoying and I for one would have taken Glyinis dancing just to avoid hearing her whining about it!Being a Harlan Ellison fan I am very glad I got this, as it has already provided me with many more hours of gameplay than other, more modern, games."
,Recommended,245390,15013616,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,dope,Incredible game. Difficult puzzles and interesting story. Not much more you can ask from a point and click game.
,Recommended,245390,15068696,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,LittleBigPancake,Its pretty good.
76561198067683541,Recommended,245390,14095519,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,koneda_64,It's a timeless classic that any puzzler will find both perplexing and rewarding.9/10
,Recommended,245390,14306443,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,kenuck25,8/10 would not scream again.would give 2 more screams if it worked without having to re-config or correctly launch from steam.
76561197998851273,Recommended,245390,13311377,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Streeky Flinders,"Have yet to beat it currently but enjoying the storyline of it. Only downside I can think of is that some spots are a bit glitchy like Gorrison digging up the grave, entering the building, then going back out only to find that the grave is not there but it says that it's there anyway."
,Recommended,245390,13732193,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Joderick,"I beat it over the course  of two days and couldn't stop thinking about it. It compelled me to watch a let's play in it's entirety for the very first time just so I could see people's reactions, thoughts, and discussing the game in general. It really stuck with me. It's also worth mentioning that Harlan Ellison's voicework is top notch!However, I did have my gripes. The method in how you interact with things has not aged well. It can be very inconsistent. Sometimes the game wants me to ""use a door"" other times it wants me to ""walk to"" a door in order to proceed to the next area. Also, some items have you go on a bit of a pixel hunt. There were times when I had to use a guide. The item I needed was right under my nose, but the way it blended with the environment made it unclear."
76561198017532932,Recommended,245390,7837111,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,◐SteezeWalrus◑,"This game will seriously mess with your mind and morals.You can choose the fate of these people, making them either huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, or regain their trust as a character.THe antagonist is the best, constantly screwing with you as you find a way out of him."
,Recommended,245390,7517071,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,CornBRED-X,"The game holds up fairly well, and Harlan Ellison's writing is as great as ever in this psychological horror from 1996.While it does show its age in a few spots (mainly the morality system which feels incredibly obtuse) it's worth checking out- especially if you enjoy games with a good story.The acting is top notch with Harlan himself playing the main antagonist with surprisingly effective results. The rest of the cast is fine as well, and the writing is well done. I think a lot of that had to do with how much Harlan Ellis was involved with the actual production.If you haven't played it, ever, check it out. You won't regret it. It's cheaply priced, decently lengthed, and will leave you with a lot to think about. This game should have been much more popular when it originally came out."
,Recommended,245390,7598469,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,AsianCatFarm,"You would be surprised how a game from 1980 deals with more adult themes than the majority of games of today.While I would not recommend this on full price, it is definitely a catch on any sale,Gritty and depressing, this game however is not for everyone, nor the feint of heart."
,Recommended,245390,9867914,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Ninebits,"Holy crap. I can't even describe this. It is UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME. Best psychological horror I've ever seen.AM is super threatening and evil. You really feel like a rat in a cage with him. Plus, the game looks BEAUTIFUL!GET THIS."
76561198014266194,Recommended,245390,13167665,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Godfather,"A game that you would enjoy. And while playing it you would need to be cautious with everything around you or else you die and start, but so far this game has an amazing story with disturbing content you won't find so easy to forget, so many characters to play as well."
,Recommended,245390,13530582,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DylanTheSniper,"Amazing game overall. While not scary, it offers variety and many endings. Every choice you make in the game affects your karma and most convincing choices can be traps to lead you into false confidence. I strongly recommend this game and it's amazing replay value."
,Recommended,245390,14720072,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Al,"A classic point and click loosely based on the short story by Harlan Ellison. The music is good, the voice acting ranges from average to excellent, with Ellison himself as the voice of AM. The game is very open-ended, with multiple paths through most of the scenarios, and multiple endings.The puzzles are a mixed bag. The logical stuff is simple enough, but the metaphorical stuff can be cryptic.Honestly, the worst part of this game is the sequence breaking, often happening to the point that progress will be hindered or the game will be outright unbeatable if something is done out of order. I noticed this most prominently in Nimdok's stage, with the watch, and in smaller cases during the other scenarios. At the least, it will cause confusing situations, such as having one event trigger another, unrelated event. At its worst, you could end up saving in a bad spot that requires starting the game over from scratch to have another chance. Of course, the game is short if you know what you're doing, so making up lost progess like that is a matter of minutes, but it's still annoying and frustrating.Other than that, this is one of the finest translations of story to video game I've ever played, even if this version is changed, and quite embellished."
,Recommended,245390,14950416,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Chi,"One of my favourite games of all time - not because of the gameplay, but the soundtrack, voices, story and visuals.The characters are so much more fleshed out than in the novel it's based on. You can't help but feel for them here."
,Recommended,245390,14926366,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Aldo.Calrissian,"Difficult, obtuse and unforgiving.Sometimes solving the puzzles can take hours of retrying things to behave exactly the way that AM wants you to, but when you find the light it becomes very satisfying.This is a game that outdoes the short story it is based on. While the short story is quite interesting, the game fleshes out all the characters, creates a better understanding of what the story could have been.My only issue is the voice acting, and while I understand why Harlan Ellison would want to be AM, it takes me out of the moment.I wish that someone would remake this game with time-neutral dialogue, newer voice acting and updated graphics. If remade, this game could become even more of a dark and meaningful masterpiece it already is. I enjoyed playing it, and would like newer generations to also enjoy it, but I feel that certain aspects of the game will turn off future audiences.Which is too bad, because the story is amazing.Yes, I recommend it. Play this game."
76561198004014060,Recommended,245390,14989150,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DefiantPanda,"Really not a fan of these styles of games and yet I keep buying them. Odd. When I try to play this one ironically it's like my computer is trying to torture me or something.If you like this kind of game, you will like this game."
76561198052890869,Recommended,245390,14990933,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Ozymandias,"A vintage adventure game, created by someone with 'issues', however throughly enjoyable with excellent storylines, if you like unssetling experiences that is."
76561197990484397,Recommended,245390,12059304,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Horizon,"Enjoyable storywise. Enough so that I'll have a read of the original story.Some puzzles are kind of nonsensical so you might need a walkthrough occaisonally.A few bugs exist, a couple of which require a reload, so save often. One bug skipped an entire scene for a character which was disapointing."
,Recommended,245390,11595499,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Limber Jim with the Timber Limb,"Most video games attack tough moral questions and present important life lessons with the grace, subtlety, and objectivity of a BET comic performing in Austin, Texas on the anniversary of September 11th. Ham-fisted political opinions draw you right out of a game, and just about any sort of perspective from the developer is only worthy of an eye-roll and a groan. This particular game is not of that variety.This game, based on the post-apocalyptic sci-fi short story by Harlan Ellison, is the paragon of point-and-click 90s adventure games. If you fondly reminisce about these kinds of games, you will not be disappointed. This is just about the perfect game you can purchase to satisfy your nostalgia kick. If you aren't familiar, this is the perfect way to introduce yourself to a piece of video game history.In this game, you play as five deep characters with different issues and personalities. To complete the game, you need to solve a series of problems they encounter in scenarios presented by the main antogonist, who you'll surely be introduced to soon enough. The puzzles require a sharp eye and creative mind to complete, with the endings entirely determined by how well you performed each chapter. Although some parts are not very intuitive, vigilance is key and well worth the effort.More important than the puzzles is the setting, which becomes an integral part of the story. Each character's setting is incredibly important to understanding the character themselves, and the effort put forth to creating such a deep game is apparent from minor details to the themes themselves. Some of the topics covered seem to have pretty obvious ""correct opinions"":♥♥♥♥♥♥is wrong, infidelity only leads to heartbreak, Dr. Mengele isn't someone you invite to your twins' birthday party, etc. With this comes important themes contingent throughout all stories, ranging from forgiveness to perseverance and chivalry. To appreciate all of the effort the developers and original author put into every intricate piece of the software, I would highly suggest taking your time and not rushing from one decision to the next. Carefully move forward, because like a lot of 90s games, this game will punish you for failure as harshly as it can.This game has a few minor flaws, and appeals to a certain demographic of players. These things can really turn some people off of a game entirely, but I would wager 75% of people who purchase this game will love it and 24% of people who purchase this game will at least appreciate the experience. It is worth every cent."
,Recommended,245390,11852203,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Dark Warrior 360,"Brilliant point and click game from the 80's. Very challenging, but rewarding as well. A must buy for anyone who enjoys classic games."
,Recommended,245390,11006863,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,bokunobando,"This has to be one of the most riveting titles I have played in a long time. 5/5While some of the mechanics are a bit dated and gameplay wasn't exactly as fast-pace and full of action as we have become accustomed to, I couldn't recall a single dull moment. The driving force here is story. The character development and rich ""lore"" (so to speak), will leave you begging for more. Every little piece ties in together so neatly.This is the healthiest adventure title i have played to date. It ultimately combines science fiction, philosophy, psychology, and exploration into the tightest package. Morally ambiguous choices, and a helping of gory disgusting imagery, coupled with what i believe to be an amazing soundtrack really drives this piece forward. You cant help but wonder how such an old game slips under your radar.I do not want to spoil much of this title so I will keep this as vague as possible. Its an absolutely brilliant game, based off of a short story nonetheless, and its multiple endings and branching paths will keep you entertained. I highly recommend this to any person who enjoys a great story and can stomach some gross imagery. The symbolism and amounts of self-interpretation alone can give this game a solid score, but with everything else it deserves a solid 5."
76561198058068260,Recommended,245390,10985892,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Molotov,"A disturbing story comes to life in this brilliantly well thought out game.Can be infuriating at times, when one wrong move can destroy you (but at least it makes AM happy!)"
,Recommended,245390,10963275,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yony Rico,"Creepy, dark, mature. Those three words sum-up I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream fairly well. It may have those poiny n' click problems but the story and atmosphere are for what you bougth this game for."
,Recommended,245390,22466911,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,baby jesus,"IHNOAIMS is a very weird game. It suffers from the main thing that killed adventure games in the '90s: insane dreamlogic like puzzles, and is filled with programming bugs which have apparently always been there, not just some artifact of the porting process.But then it also has a bunch of other interesting concepts in there you just don't see in games today. I couldn't stop myself from playing it, morbid curiosity kept me moving forward.If you like adventure games give it a go."
,Recommended,245390,21580642,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Terrien,good stuff but MANY BUGsave lots
,Recommended,245390,22873972,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Ashterial,"I beat the game in one sitting. I didn't get the best ending so I have to replay it. The game is very dark, the art and style is very much like The Dig and Dark Seed. I got this as I loved both the dark seeds games.The game will make you thing and question humanity and what is going on in your life. It is great and I really do recoomend it to people if they like The Dig, Dark Seed or Dark Seed 2.The game has very cotroversial isses including♥♥♥♥♥♥ sposal abuse, the holocaust etc."
,Recommended,245390,30766985,Posted: 26 March,all,ヅライヒープ,"One of the more interesting point-and-click games. Not usually a fan of the genre, but the atmosphere here makes it very worthwhile.Note: You will most likely be using the help of a guide from time to time if this is your first time playing this title."
,Recommended,245390,22654474,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Fidscrag,One of the most demented games i've ever playedand i loved every damn minute of it
,Recommended,245390,20678482,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ViciousRaptor,"I have thoroughly enjoy I Have No Mouth, and I must Scream as it has handles some very mature subject matter that makes many a modern game look like a Disney adventure, it works well on Linux, the graphics are still passable for this day and age and it doesn't suffer from pixel-hunting as much as games of the same generationUnfortunately, there are a few things wrong with it: the game is extremely buggy. I can easily make it crash or perform actions that are seemingly not intended to be performed (yet). You can also rather easily break your save game, forcing you to replay some or all adventures over again. Whatever you do, always make sure you have more than one save-game going and save often.You can also -die- in this game which forces you to restart the current adventure. Luckily, the game will let you know when this happens. It's a minor nuisance in comparison to breaking your save game and trying to figure out what to do for hours on end.The game also has a tendency to 'spawn' items that weren't there before and 'locks' certain actions so you can only do them when the time is right. This is confusing because sometimes it doesn't and lets you perform actions prematurely, causing the aforementioned problem of breaking your game. And you might not think of performing an action again because you have already done so five times and it didn't work the first 5 times and the feedback given to you seems to indicate that it is simply not possible. Until it suddenly is.I was forced to use a walkthrough on a number of occasions: one involved pixel-hunting and the two other occasions involved me saving the game after I had made irreversible choices without the game telling me I had lost the game. Then there was the part about selecting the right character for the end-phase first otherwise you might ... You guessed it! Break your savegame.If you can live with all of the above, IHNMaIMS is for you. If you are easily frustrated and think point 'n' click games shouldn't break your savegame; look elsewhere."
76561198028410089,Recommended,245390,21199945,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,lastfirstborn,"If you like point and click adventures and dark story, this one is a must play.  The narrative is broken up into several character's perspective, and the villian is truly creepy and insane."
,Recommended,245390,22053280,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Murder Dog,Not sure why I only have 0.9 hours on this game. (More like 20 hours but okay steam..)But this is probably the only point and click adventure I have ever enjoyed. Its  pretty hard and has some good stories to go along with it.
76561198085962443,Recommended,245390,22233982,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,matthewjknight,an absolute bloody masterpiece. with some of the best voice acting i have heard in a game
,Recommended,245390,24893771,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Robotic Godzilla Doppelgänger,"Classic. Awesome game. They don't make em like they used too. For young people you might be thrown off by the primitve nature of it all but if you give it time you'll get hooked. It's a point and click, one of the better ones."
76561198022391714,Recommended,245390,30861644,Posted: 31 March,all,BaronessRomanova,"A game based heavily on the story, some parts are altered and toned down for the game. Worth giving a go if you enjoyed the story."
76561198121347161,Recommended,245390,25375215,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,tymanboygenius,"I loved this game. I'll admit, I had to use a walkthrough plenty of times, but I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game. I'm still looking for another game like this one, because I wish there was more of it."
76561198324925228,Recommended,245390,25412277,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,raven_guest13,"I've wanted to play this game for a while and never got the chance when it was originally released. Yes it's a little dated. Yes there are dead ends.Ensure yousave often with several progress save files so you can undo mistakes.This game was a lot shorter than I thought it would be, but it was enjoyable and kept me occupied for several hours.I can't stress this enough; save several times with several files or you'll have to stat over if you mess up.Definitely recommned"
76561198040633548,Recommended,245390,21677244,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Techno Gray,What can I say about this game? Let me tell you a little story:There is a poor old woman that will chew your food for you because you physically can't. A little later I asked to eat that woman. It honestly seemed like the merciful choice.
,Recommended,245390,21355545,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,BejeweledSun0,"Simply put, this game is something all fans of interactive literature should experience. The music and voice work add to one of the most harrowing, spine-tingling stories in the industry."
,Recommended,245390,20429911,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Promisha,"Imagine a lucas arts adventure game, then make is SUPER depressing. If you read the short story this was based on you already know that going in. Basically a super AI becomes a god-like being and exterminates humanity except for a handful of people. You have to play through a scenario for each person. It has a few issues that are common to the genre (overly vague or abstract puzzles, some glitchiness etc.) but for the price it's more than the worth the trip."
,Recommended,245390,20668754,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Ndv1998,"One of the most criminally underrated horror games/stories of all time. If you can get past the stereotypically 90's esque point and click traditions of ""The Pixel Hunt"" and the ""Try Everything With Everything"", and you can stomach the rather gruesome and controversial topics featured in the story, then this will be one to remember for years."
76561197991799558,Recommended,245390,7525526,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Zebrati,"Didnt age well. Noooo sir. Get it if you really think you want to try it, but Id advise against it. As much fun as I had in Nimdoc's part the game itself lacks things like the ability to go back to the menu, or knowing when you've screwed up. Im fine with difficult. Completely love difficult. But if you play for thirty minutes and then realize you screwed up at the begining and need to start all over again well...lets just say that sort of gaming died out for a reason."
76561198171699506,Recommended,245390,19981009,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,numerouseggs,"It is fine. I hated it and refunded it, but then i realized: ""Oh, wait! Internet tutorials!"" Ten minutes wasted trying to figure it out. :("
,Recommended,245390,20140407,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,blue,"Not exactly a satisfying ending, but definitely satisfying after reading the original story. Also loved the fact Harlan Ellison voiced AM. As with any old game like this there are bound to be a  few functional faults, but it was still great anyway."
,Recommended,245390,26459437,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Peanut!!!!,What the ♥♥♥♥ did I just play?
,Recommended,245390,26463148,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Itsu,After reading the book I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy it. The game is a traditional point and click adventure with interesting characters and overly complicated puzzles.
,Recommended,245390,27855169,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The British Monkey,AM only knows hate.He needs a hug so that he might know love.
76561198254703016,Recommended,245390,27884376,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slinkycerb,♥♥♥♥ed me up
,Recommended,245390,27724372,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Trotskyist,If you're luckily enough to have a mouth it will make you scream.
76561198083377281,Recommended,245390,27826735,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DocRask,Get a guide to get the best ending.
,Recommended,245390,27510666,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blathersby,Why didnt they just give AM a big group hug?
,Recommended,245390,27507449,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,1.21 gigawatts,Schopenhauer: The game
,Recommended,245390,27410133,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,its just a game bro,I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award
,Recommended,245390,27296642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Azazael,"While it might be old, this game is still great - very interesting storylines neatly broken up, and fun gameplay, all based off an interesting short story - Definitely worth a go!"
,Recommended,245390,27411927,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Douchebag Biff,"Whether or not you like the source material or the game itself, there is no doubting that IHNMaIMS has made a huge impact on the gaming community. It's a remarkable game for it's time with remarkable symbolism and subtelty that modern cinematic gaming experiences have tried to match or draw experience from. Definitely worth a purchase, especially if on sale."
76561198022923849,Recommended,245390,28233181,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,sagemakaiser,"An evil machine rules what's left of the world. Take control of the last humans; to attempt to outwit your captor. This is a point and click, horror game. I didn't run into any compatibility problems, the music, voice acting, art style holds strong. If you found this game enjoyable, I recommend Sanitarium and Primordia as follow ups."
76561198027999803,Recommended,245390,27939825,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Scarface,"If you liked the original text and like old school adventures, give it a shot."
,Recommended,245390,28492781,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Angonce-Nui,"I'd heard about this game for a long time and now I've finally had the chance to play it. Put simply: it's awesome! The atmosphere, the story, the puzzles, all of them combine to give you the feeling that something's off about everything. It's horror in the sense of Frankenstein in that it's more psychological. If you're into story and puzzles, this is a must. If you're into engaging, intense gameplay, try it anyways. It's gotta be one of  the best point-and-click games out there, so here are some pros and cons.Pros-Great storytelling with intriguing characters that are made more so by their flaws.-The music and art style, though maybe outdated, ages well and contributes well to the atmosphere.-Good replayability, you can play the individual segments in any order you like and choice plays a fairly large role.-There is more than one ending you can get depending on what you decide.-You can generally interact with most things in any given scene, even if your character just examines.Cons-The music and graphics may be a bit out-of-date for some, though I personally feel they age well.-Most choices don't affect the game overall even if they impact a particular character on a major level and bring them closer to redemption, but this is a minor complaint.So not really anything I can complain about. The characters can be deep or shallow depending on how you play them. The main antagonist is great - you don't often get sentient AI that are so humanlike in their insanity and pain. Overall, if you haven't played this game, you should. No exceptions."
76561198001593974,Recommended,245390,20762981,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Moxie,"I Have No Mouth, And I Must Scream is a brillient point and click adventure game. Buy it. Play it. Love it. Then Scream. 9/10!"
,Recommended,245390,27351376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IGuy,"This game is an all time great. Based on the short story of the same name, I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream is a truly terrifying tale that captures the anguish of the characters and the terror of the situations that they are put through. This game has excellent puzzles, especially the endgame scenario, in which there are hundreds of ways to complete it.The graphics have aged well, although some animation has some quirks in it that are noticeable, as well as some small bugs. Other than that, though, the game is fantastic. Harlan Ellison voicing AM is great, and you can fell the characters' pain through their dialogue. This game is gory, suspenseful, and philosophical, and it really makes you think about life and death, as well as space and time."
,Recommended,245390,27263927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dopefish,"I've first lais my hands on this shortly after it was released originally. And, being a youngish teenager at the time, it presented me with nightmares. The intended audience is clearly more mature than I was then.In sharp contrast to it's rival at the thime (The Darkseed series) it has a much more forgiving gameplay - you die and the God-Machine rescues you - though you also lose all progress done with that character so far.Yes, you are playing several characters, each with a dark secret to uncover. Each with a different falvour. Each story interlaced. Well, I've got it as soon as I discovered it on Steam. Still didn't get through it completely.The graphics may have aged, the interface is classic point and click, but the narration... The author of the story is voicing AM, the big machine antagonist. According to your actions, the chapters may play differently - and the ending is dependent of the ""Karma"" system - and therefore by your choices. Or so I've heard. I'm returning to this game rather regularly and I still didn't get it to the end ;)It is one of the greates Point&Click adventures in my eyes, so I recommend it for the ""Test of time"" category in the 2016 Steam awards."
,Recommended,245390,26994263,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Princess Uncle Fucker,The book and the game are incredible. Must play!
76561198105390924,Recommended,245390,27025080,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stupide Crepes,"I've really never understood this game, I mean I'M lactose intolerant so why CANT we drink gasoline!!???!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!!!!"
,Recommended,245390,26965097,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cuter Than U,meme
76561198078496271,Not Recommended,245390,27300270,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RedZeppelin,The Seattle Mariners of video games..... meaning it's really bad and gets too much hype from its fans
76561198048385355,Recommended,245390,33882954,Posted: 29 July,all,TerezarOmega,"This might be one of the most harrowing Adventure games I have ever played, and with the multiple different endings, there are multiple playthroughs sitting here waiting for you. I cannot say anymore without spoiling it, but if you want a dark, twisted storyline, with some really deep questions, you have to pick up this game."
,Recommended,245390,23568402,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Super Hans,I Have No Mouth and I Must Meme
76561198089511637,Recommended,245390,35020386,Posted: 17 September,all,Poutine,"Really good but you'll probably need a walkthrough, which is a bit annoying."
,Recommended,245390,33581093,Posted: 16 July,all,Arc,"I have no mouth, and I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!"
,Recommended,245390,34701562,Posted: 2 September,all,BruzerFox,"Incredible game, incredible story."
76561198095788185,Recommended,245390,35508041,Posted: 5 October,all,CaptainGroin,"Fantastic environment and storytelling. I love the voice acting (for most characters). It's an old game, but it's worth getting for cheap. I'm interested in reading the book it's based on now."
