user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,245450,7816829,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Tao,"Oh Steam, thank you!Wizardry 8 is a wizened (ha) old game, having come out in 2001. That said, the old game has lost none of its charms. There is one race short of a dozen playable ones, and fifteen classes. Each race offers its own little perks, and each class has amazing abilities and powers. Combine this with the plethora of items and magic, and you'll be experimenting with different combinations over and over again.That being said, it is an old game. The graphics are pixellated (go cry in Skyrim if that's what you care about, you horrid wretch) and the control system is outdated (I spent fifteen minutes pressing WASD until I realized it was the arrow keys that moved the party). And it has the ""old school difficulty"": if your party isn't properly made or if you're missing a member (IE: someone who can tank or cast spells), you're going to get mercilessly butchered by the first boss creature, repeatedly.I'd recommend this game to all of my friends. It's amazing, it's fun, it's inviting, and it's dynamic. It's an age-old, forgotten gem that has lost none of its charm.TL;DR: It's a better version of Legends of GrimrockPS: Hey Steam, why not release other good, old games like Betrayal in Krondor/Antara while you're at it?"
,Recommended,245450,17505902,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Steelrend,"Not certain about the why of my doing this, but here's my remark on Wizardry 8. I just leave it here (beware of much text ahead).Straight to the point. Wizardry 8 is a fabulous game. I mean, the best game ever. Only after over 500 hours played I'm realizing that all of my best loved games are just no way superior to this masterpiece. Powerful artifacts, deadly encounters, incredible adventures – this is Wizardry 8 in a nutshell. Like any other game of its kind, Wizardry 8 is definitely not going to be appraised in terms of mere good or bad. Once in a little while it looks completely genial, sometimes you are like “What the hell were they dreaming of introducing this?!”, but rather more often you simply don't know how to react to what you see on the screen.Wizardry 8 is both amazing with its exceptional gameplay features and frustrating with its outrageous flaws. It provides a vast open world which should teem with lots of NPCs engaged in profound interactions, but for some reason it is nowhere nearly true. This world itself is not going to be lively and frolic of any kind. The sparse Dominus dwellers resemble me some kind of heartless automata, and only brilliant dialogues are the ones to persuade that these wretched beings are actually sentient and full of life. Most of player's concerns are confined to insane scouring areas for valuable loot and exterminating representatives of the local fauna, the remains of the later ones to be involved into a biological cycle.Many of the classes are interesting to try out and even extraordinary, though some of them seem not entirely refined. For instance, the samurai class. In my vision, these guys are implied to be ultimate fearless warriors, slicing their enemies into multiple pieces, casting thunder storm over them simultaneously. But like it was implemented in the game, a samurai will never exceed the plain fighter since he tends to get exhausted too quickly and even is not able to go berserk upon his foes. Similarly, he's barely capable of serving as a decent spellcaster for his getting some epic spells rather late, not counting the wizardry spellbook being not the most effective. It's also worth mentioning the minor racial abilities. For example, the faeries possess a natural bonus to AC which is predictably to be explained by their small size and high mobility. However, that gives no considerable benefits to their survivability in combat – enemies will regularly hit your faerie, shamelessly ignoring her gift. Some races weren't given any specific talents at all.Wizardry 8 is notable for its marvellous sounds and music, yet even this trait is innerly inconsistent. The musical compositions are great enough, but not various and for sure not numerous. Many of the sound effects are so stunningly convincing that sometimes they pierce your head, with sudden death of your character from Boiling Blood causing an emotional trauma.The auto-levelling system seems to make sure there is always a match to your heroes from the beginning towards the very end, but it proves to be broken inside. Being more precise, it comes out in that your party is often going to get either gutted by powerful beasts far greater or simply bored to death by those who are many levels lower than your buddies.The ferocious randomness and merciless monster respawning are supposed to make your characters’ life unbearable by all means. Having gone insane, a fighter will stab down his party mate just in a couple of casual swings, or give an instant deathblow to that one who urgently needs healing. Miscasted spells will backfly by chance which may turn demise for the whole party. Your enemies themselves will show up just from nowhere and tread your group around swiftly, leaving you no chances to get away. Bad enough they appear in enormous packs, but they also have ridiculous amounts of health and are always glad to perform some nasty tricks for you. Those encounters can be infernally difficult at times, yet they ultimately cause you build your team sensibly, with equal dedication to every single member.Either of those features seems not to be able to handle itself, to say nothing of how they all were supposed to get along with one another. That being said, overlapping and twisting into a disproportionately shaped entity, they basically form Wizardry 8’s tangled consistency. Deprived of any of them, the whole thing will get collapsed.But enough vilifying for right now. What’s so special about Wizardry 8?First of all, this game offers the most complicated character development system I have ever seen. It enables you to create a team of spunky adventurers, each of whom (in his own pathetic way) is going to embody your personal ideas on what the true hero should be. For a spry hardcore player, there’s a possibility to create a party of one – that’s when the real challenge begins. You can also import your characters from Wizardry 7 – then it gets even more interesting.Wizardry 8 got a tremendous score of replayability. Here one will find a lot of everything to tinker with: races, classes, skills, spells and so much more. Such a range of variety makes you dizzy of numerous options, meaning that none of your replays will be similar to one another.The communication system is rather unique to any game known to me – instead of clicking text-lines you are suggested to pick out a subject from the text on your own, and note that not interacting with everyone you encounter you’re going to cluelessly stagger around, futilely trying to figure out what’s the point and what you should do now. Rare NPCs you meet may not seem much sensible outside, nevertheless they have many interesting thoughts to share, and who knows what innermost secrets they may keep? Practically each of events happening to the group is accompanied by charming remarks let out by your adorable characters what in a way makes you believe they are real personalities. You see just the portraits of them all the time, with only lips moving and eyes blinking, but they do a great work towards convincing you they are alive.Thankfully, Wizardry 8 lacks in annoying cut-scenes and stretched videos, as well as evident hints at what you need to do next and where head for, like ‘walk there, kill that bad guy, enjoy the ending’. All you got is your own mind to apply and the vast open world to explore, full of obscure menaces and incredible adventures. The conditions of victory are stated explicitly, but what are the ways of pursuing them is not as clear. Upon the emergency landing on Dominus, one thing proves undoubtful, though: the fact of your party surviving a shipwreck is definitely not a prospect for having a nice trip after all. Prepare for a long and arduous journey which involves reaching celestial heights and diving in the ocean abyss, creeping along spooky dungeons and roaming around a whole city built up on a tree, meeting old comrades and making some new friends as well. You'll have to handle interracial disputes and solve fancy puzzles, and in the end of your adventure you're going to save the world, of course!I'm being out of space to write in, so let's get approaching a closure. To sum up all the stuff mentioned above, I’d say Wizardry 8 is a genuinely unique RPG game featuring challenging yet still rewarding gameplay, immersive rpg system, overwhelming sounds and adorable dialogues. It's the case when originality and inconsistency blended together make for products of the highest quality. Too bad such a game was irreverently forgotten.PS the text was initially written in another language and I couldn't squeeze it into a steam review due to the dumb limitation to about 2000 symbols. But once I stumbled across a review which, being written in English, was twice longer than mine having been cut short. So the main reason I even began writing a translation of the original draft for was my hope to win up some extra letters that way."
,Recommended,245450,32402369,Posted: 13 June,all,mpnorman10,"This game is a solid bargain even at today's full price or higher.Negatives:Graphics are badly dated, but this kind-of disappears as you get into the game. They are adequate to show you what is going on so you can choose strategies and tactics.When starting the game, the screen remains black for an unusually long time. This can lead new players into thinking something is wrong and pushing Esc or other keys to try to ""unstick"" it. This can ruin the game loading. Just be patient and the game will load reliably every time.The game is difficult at first. It is possible to fail so badly that only starting over works.Character creation is deeply involved and not entirely obvious.Battles take a long time. If you are experiencing the dubious help of ""allies"" a single battle can take over an hour of real world time. If this is too annoying there are mods or play something else. I have no mod and no trouble with this but some are impatient or want a faster pace. There is nothing wrong with that. Play something else.Game designers were partially, but only partially successful in removing repetition and tedious aspects. For example vendor inventories need to be kept clear of cheap ammo (by buying and stashing it somewhere) or their inventories get clogged up and they do not offer the better items they will otherwise have as you go up in level. There is no need to grind in the game... but players sometimes do repeat things. After a while that can become not fun... but it is not needed. Conversations with NPCs (non-player characters) and RPCs (recruitable player characters) tend to be a bit tedious but they have bits of key info hidden among the topics.There is a thing called Expert Skills that can be very important (only opened when an attribute is brought to natural 100) and powerful. This is a great game feature but is poorly documented. Power-Strike, Power-Cast and Eagle Eye are all powerful as well as sometimes other Expert Skills, depending upon the character and party. Only planning the character from the beginning lets one obtain these at all in time to matter. This is interesting and fun; it is only the lack of documentation (in game or manual) that is negative.Some Expert Skills do not help all of the characters one might think it should. For example, the Expert Skill Power-Cast does not benefit the Bard or Gadgeteer at all, even though their musical instruments and gadgets respectively do cast spells. It can be frustrating taking all the time to give an expert skill that does nothing.Positives:There are many ways to design characters and parties. Some are better than others but the variety of right answers is huge.The difficulty of monsters (expecially at first) makes every choice in character creation and development, as well as tactics and choice of spell or attack during a round really matter. This is fun.There is not just one way to take on enemies. Spells and/or weapons can be used with multiple widely-varying strategies.Skill increases are rewarded when those skills are used. It feels natural and fun that you become increasingly effective at whatever you do.Running and hiding in and fighting from nooks is part of this game. Once you get used to that it is a positive rather than a negative and is fun.Every character in the game is potentially very strong. There are no weak characters, only weak players in generating and developing them.Even great players can combine into a weak party. The party is the emphasis for player wisdom in generating the right characters, in the right combinations, and using the right formation so they use what you want them to be good at. I keep saying ""right"" but there are lots and lots of right answers.The story is weak and a small part of the game but it is consistent with several choices to explore during replays. The world is  a non-linear one that you can take in different orders (lots of right answers to exploring with various sequences). Numerous items are only in one spot and a few items only appear randomly in some games.Enemies level approximately as you do, one of the first RPGs to implement this feature and making boring tricks like grinding in one area simply bad ways to play this game. Unlike some games you do not need to rush, however, and there are plenty of rewards for thorough exploration.The replayability of this game is extremely high, with different parties and styles explored, long after the story branches are all well known. No two games are even vaguely alike, even if you choose similar characters and sequences. Enemies are random and wide in variety, expecially when you change the sequence a bit (almost no wrong answers in doing so).Even after playing this game 10 or 20 times there is still a lot of depth and new things to learn. If you avoid advice tellng you that you need to play a certain way or that certain characters are weak then tons of possiblities and ways to play are opened up and give very different gaming experiences.There is no randomness in character creation and development. For a certain class and race you get the same number of attribute and skill points to distribute every time. This is excellent because you can try different things, refine your choices, take or not advice from other players. Your skill as a player in developing your characters matters... a lot.None of the complexities of the game are needed to enjoy and win it, only a bit of patience and maybe one or two restarts if one is a bit unlucky."
76561198044922040,Recommended,245450,7727147,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Alboin,"In my oppinion, one of the best rpg's in the world. Great story and enviroments. I had a very good time playing this game as a kid ... and I still do it sometimes from nostalgia. There is so much to try ... and so much to find ... and theese things make a game real special. Wizardry 8 is one of a kind."
,Recommended,245450,15647138,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,BladeTwinSwords,"Length of Time Played: ~300 Hours (On and Off Steam)Distance Played: Beaten the Game on Ironman ModePersonal Grade: A+ (5th Favorite Game of All Time)Opinion of Each AspectGrading System - Outstanding, Excellent, Good, Acceptable, Poor, Horrendous, AbysmalGameplay: OutstandingStability: ExcellentStory: OutstandingControls: ExcellentGraphics: ExcellentMusic: OutstandingSounds: OutstandingDifficulty: ExcellentNotes: + (Positives), = (Small Gripes), - (Negatives)+ Expansive world to explore+ Vast array of characters to play as+ Customization like crazy+ Enthralling storyline that continues from Wizardry 7+ Engaging combat+ Plenty of NPCs to talk to= The difficulty can be a tad unforgiving at times= Movement is slippery when running= Combat can be a tad slow when fighting large groups of enemies"
76561198039605705,Recommended,245450,4599893,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Everyday Zero,"For lovers of RPG's Wizardry 8 is definately worth checking out. I never played 6, played a bit of 7 but 8 is something special. If you have fond memories of the might and magic series, especially perhaps 6-8, and other ,more recent ones like Legend of Grimrock for example ( although that  has battles in real-time)   then wizardry 8 might scratch that 'rpg' itch.It's a game where you control 6 characters, all highly customizable with several races, classes and a whole pool of skills and perks and go adventuring finding loot, exploring, levelling up and engaging in turn based battles. In fact even picking your party can be a daunting task with so many choices to make that can affect your chances especially the further into the game you go.A word of warning though. This is a hard game. It can be unforgiving and frustrating even in the early stages which may involve a lot of running away and going back until you beat a particualr enemy or enemies. Indeed, at points there are a lot of enemies, sometimes unfairly so, and they come thick and fast where luck and frequent saves are sometimes the only way to progress. And, although i have no way of knowing how many hours i played this game ( but i would guess in excess of 50/60 hours) i never completed it. This is more due to the fact after upgrading my pc, the discs no longer worked and so  it was put aside but never forgotten.  Until now.It's great it' has appeared on steam and i am looking forward to tackling it once again. If you have the time to invest in it; the patience to put up with some rage inducing losses; the vision to look past it's dated but functional graphics and the love of a deep, complex and involving rpg with great turn based mechanics and characters that  actually have a personality and some great lines, then give Wizardry 8 a go."
,Recommended,245450,7843286,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,蜷川 麻央,"One of the best computer RPG of all time. Unapologetically hard (in the typical Wizardry fashion), Wizardry VIII is one forgotten gem makes clearing of every level a satisfying player achievement that will make you rejoice the experience for years to come."
76561198024204949,Recommended,245450,10535437,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dklimisz,"One of the best CRPGs in history. An absolute classic with immersive gameplay, tactical turn-based combat, countless race-class combinations and EPIC voice acting.""I just saw 'em kidnap someone! Good looking woman, too... not that I wouldn't rescue an ugly woman if there were money in it. I'm not biased.""(Myles, the local ""businessman"")"
76561197971948490,Recommended,245450,12736635,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Wraith_Magus,"It's more modern than its graphics imply - this game isn't just some old-school zombie that was kept alive by fans, it's an RPG that may be slow at at times, and have more than a few quirks that do require research before building your party, but it has a much deeper system than at first appears.It has true 3d, like an FPS while controlling a full party, and the party is arranged on a grid where ""short range"" is determined by what quarter of the grid is facing the enemy - attacks to the rear attack your rear line mages first, while your front line fighters cannot reach the enemy.It has an odd hybrid point-buy combined with train-through-use system, as well - skills are both bought and then trained through use, making player choices not be so much a min-maxxing for what skills are most valuable and worth your points, as much as it is a choice of what skills you can train through use the easiest, and which ones need those level-up skill points to get jump-started.If anything, Wizardry 8 is a transitional game. It seems clear that Sir-Tech was working hard to modernize their game while still keeping the depth of their old games, and it's a shame they couldn't have gotten past this point to create a Wizardry 9 that would have more fully brought the game into being both a modern RPG as well as the homage to the RPGs of years past. However, this game gives you all you need to see where they were going."
76561198020273912,Recommended,245450,19065081,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,blues1451,"To this day W8 is STILL probably the best RPG ever made IMHO. I have never spent the big bucks on any of the newer games, nor do I have the hardware to handle any of them with my poor old machine, but I've logged A WHOLE LOT of hours on W8.And ya know what? I'm gonna log some more here in a few minutes :-)I can't say this about many other games on Steam, but I do say this about W8:BUY THIS GAME"
76561198006811318,Recommended,245450,9070679,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gotrek,"Old fashioned, bare bones, RPG. No hand holding, no stupid gimmicks, no boredom. One of the most addicting games I have played. It's very difficult and long. Awesome class builds. Very strategic turned based combat. Makes you feel good when overcomeing a goal. Not many games do that, especially these days."
76561198052365293,Recommended,245450,20498359,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,stout_studs,"This is one of my favorite games, there is soo much customization and strategy to this game. If you like turn-based strategy and can handle older graphics (due to the time it was made) this game is probably for you. There are a lot of little things that experienced players know that you won't. There is a pretty large learning curve and I didn't really feel the need to grind much like in other games. My character most of the time felt like he was the right level to be in the area that I was in.Beginning The GameIn the beginning, you will probably be lost just at creating a character. Here are a few tips as well as a helpful video.- Always have atleast one fighter preferable 2- have a mage- have a psionic- make sure you don't have more than 3 ranged characters (with little health) with you.- SAVE OFTEN- If a character dies, load your last save.- Early on in the game (first 30 minutes) mages and other low health characters will probably die at least once your first couple parties.- Don't give up- Last but one of the most important, EXPLORE!!! It helps a lot.Finally here is the video and if you need more help send me a msg and I will try my best to help you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKejat-4qHo"
,Recommended,245450,31068210,Posted: 10 April,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"How could one not like this game?This game is a proof that video games can be (were) great.If you are a fan of Legend of Grimrock, the Might & Magic series,  some of the Dungeons & Dragons games such as Dungeons & Dragons: Eye of the Beholder, Demise: Rise of the Ku'tan, Anvil of Dawn, Thunderscape or any dungeon crawler games, then you'll love this game,.If you are a fan of games such as Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights, you may love this game, it has the same oldschool feeling.- Great soundtrack, I really mean it, it has great music and the sounds are really good.- Awesome graphics, for a game of that time, it's actually pretty beautiful, anyway, if you are like me, which means that you prefer good old beautiful graphics that are not about the overused/overated colors and other kind of overused/overrated crappy settings you find in modern video games, such as the bloom.-Great gameplay, if you like turn-based combat, you'll love this.- RNG, if you love RNG or it simply just doesn't matters to you, then you'll probably love this game.- Great fantasy universe.- Good CRPG/RPG- It has guns, that's either a like or a dislike depending on what is it you're looking for.- Even though it doesn't have lot of weapons and items, it has a good amount of races and classes.So if you are looking for a great dungeon crawler CRPG, then this game is for you, if you're new into this genre, you should try it, it's a good start.I'm giving this game 9.5/10"
76561198032080117,Recommended,245450,26337668,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ezekiel The Prophet,"Wizardry 8 was among the last 1st-person ""hard-core"" cRPG's, whereby the game is more like a table-top simulation than one aiming for realism. There is always an argument over what ""hard-core"" means, but for old guys like me (39) who have seen just about the entire evolution of RPG's ""hard-core"" doesn't necessarily meanhard--although they usually are--it simply means the player's skill is demonstrated by strategic and tactical strategy, exploration, character creation, willingness to keep good notes, and whereby thecharacter's skillis responsible for combat initiate, to-hit, locating items, detecting traps, warning about out-of-sight monsters, etc...Wizardry 8 is a great game for anyone who loves developing characters! You get to design six, count 'em, six player characters, and then steer their leveling over the course of this long game. They will go through all sorts of armor and weapon combos, master their class skills, change professions to master new skills, learn dozens of spells, use musical instruments, create gadget weapons, master traditional weapons, etc... You will never be bored with a party of six PC's to manage.Wizardry 8 is also a great game if you love combat. In fact, back in the day this game became notorious for its marathon combat sessions. Fights can easily go on for twenty or thirty minutes real time! In fact, I would mark this fact as both a strength and a weakness. This opinion will switch back and forth depending on whether I just won or lost a marathon fight. When you win these huge fights you will often level up several characters, if not the whole party, but when you lose you just wasted a half-hour of your life you cannot get back. Often I have been traveling Arnika road, and have had to deal with waves and waves of enemies, expending every last arrow, bullet stone, magic spell and drop of stamina and life, but was richly rewarded with XP, potions, gear, etc...In true Wizardry style, the game world is just as much a puzzle as a fantasy world. The puzzles do not quite reach the sophistication of 'Myst' but you simply can't always go where you want to on the first try. You will need to solve quests for NPCs, find very well hidden artifacts, etc... to gain access to many areas. I love this though, because it makes reaching hard to access areas all the more exciting and rewarding.In terms of difficulty, this game is certainly not easy. There are no quest arrows or fast-travel. You must drag information out of NPC's using your PC's communication skill, fights can be incredibly long and even low level monsters can wipe you out if there are 20 of them and they manage to surround your party (this is one thing about this game that seems ahead of its time--enemies do not just stand there and take a beating. They will always try to flank or even surround you. They don't have 'AI' per se, but their fighting instructions are well-written.Obviously, the game's graphics have aged a lot since 2001. That being said, as you can see from the screen shots, the graphics are nice and colorful and quite sharp. The spell effects are varied, and there is plenty of variety when it comes to monsters. Besides, as I said in my opening paragraph, this game is really more a table-top simulator than a modern open-world RPG. It's not about eye-candy world (it's graphics were already weak in 2001), it's about thinking your way through quests, puzzles, long fights, and befriending NPC's to get much needed information. Also a handful of mods exist that tweak some of the balance issues in this game, and weed out some of the needlessly annoying issues that you will encounter in some areas.In conclusion, I would strongly urge anyone who likes a challenge, and who likes the recent resurgence in old-school RPG's, to give this original old-school game a chance. Also, take the time to read the  other reviews and the game description. You'll see they are mostly positive, and many do a better job than mine describing the game. I am really hoping that someone will develop a new-generation Wizardry-style game to go along with the spiritual successors to Baldur's Gate (Pillars of Eternity) and to a lesser extent Ultima (Divinity Original Sin isn't quite the Ultima 7 successor I would like, but it's still really good). Give Wiz 8 a few hours to grow on you. It's like a great novel that needs the first twenty or thirty pages to establish itself, and then it's a real page turner the whole rest of the way."
,Recommended,245450,9535473,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,RPGesus,"I had a copy of Wiz 8 back when it first came out, thanks to my dad. I was so enthralled whenever I watched him play it because of the gameplay and the character-creation. When I played it after I got older and was able to better grasp the mechanics of the game, I was still in love.The first part of most RPGs, character creation, is an experience itself. With many races and classes to choose from, there is plenty of variety because you not only create 1 character, but you create 6. The races range from the Tolkienesque races to some really cool and unique playable races (Dracon. Faerie, Lizardman, Mook to name a few)There are plenty of different classes to choose from also. Developing your characters throughout the game is also great. There are many spells to use too.The game plays like many of the old school RPGs like M&M in a FPS type. Just watch the video to get the idea. Wiz 8 was the last of a dying breed when it came out, but I personally enjoy the gameplay. Combat is turnbased while exploring is free roam.The story of Wiz 8 is actually pretty fascinating and proves to be enagaging at times. I'll leave it there and let it unfold for you because I had the story spoiled for me and I will never forget it. I wish it wasn't spoiled.All in all, I can praise and review and talk about how fun Wiz 8 is til I'm blue in the face. For 10 bucks its a steal (comes fully patched and the graphics are improved compared to the original release.) considering to get a CD copy is about 50 bucks. (They don't make it anymore and not many were made). Get it, play it, and enjoy the experience of Wizardry 8."
76561198004727570,Recommended,245450,12837038,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,joshygoodboy,Best rpg ever if you install the fast combat patch
76561198093203804,Recommended,245450,21967131,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,probe,"So you been playing The Witcher or Dragon Age and just don't get all the shagging and long-winded dialogues. You're even annoyed that those games aren't featuring turnbased combat. And the setting seems too familiar like something done a million times before.Welcome to Wizardry 8. Pretty much the pinnacle of turnbased dungeoncrawler cRPG's. This one is gold. If you ever played Might & Magic, Eye of the Beholder, Menzoberezzan or the newer Legend of Grimrock (which is gridbased unlike this one) you'll most likely adore this game.This is a game for oldschool RPG players. It's stat-heavy, character development is exciting and fun, there is A LOT of combat and A LOT of loot, progression feels right and well paced, character voices are a blast, music is pretty atmospheric and nice, the world is a bit empty but looks decent for an oldschool cRPG and the 90's developer humour is a joy to behold (do check the manual as well for some quick laughs).The amount of races (11) and classes (15) gives this game one of the most intriguing character creation schemes ever. It's bloody hard to settle on 6 characters only when they all sound very unique and interesting. The game lets you recruit two npc's at a time (RPC's) with their own benefits and limitations (some outright refuse to go to certain areas).  Once created the future development starts to intrigue you. You'll most likely end up in forums getting answers to a lot of questions in that regard. Which is quite nice. I learned half of this game by reading posts and figuring out different approaches.Which is this game's strongest side IMO. There is no right or wrong way. It's how you wanna play it (for the most part). There is no such thing as an optimal party. It's what you want it to be. What suits your roleplaying and gameplay the best. And that's one of the reasons it's hard to become tired of this game. The amount of options, how many characters to run (1-6), where to go (semi-open world), what skills to emphasize developing, who you wanna recruit etc..... You most likely wanna try out every possible combination.The game has a few bugs. Luckily the game uses rolling quicksaves so you can have 3 quicksaves at a time (at which point the first gets overwritten and so forth). And the combat can get really slow. I highly recommend using the monster movement speed mod:http://wolfie.wiz8.de/Wiz8Fast.htmlTL;DR""You're going to need someone of superior intelligence""If you like oldschool, combat and stat heavy cRPG's you will get hooked on this one. I've seen people with ridiculous amount of time in this game. People who tried multiple playthroughs with different setups, 1 character iron man games, you name it.Personally I have 300+ hours in the game (some off Steam) and have gotten around 15%-20% through the game then restarted to try out different parties and builds. This game will do that to you. I have rarely seen a starting zone (the Monastery) this many times in any cRPG I've ever played. And I love it.The game has some quirky puzzles. Things you wouldn't expect or see coming. And the feeling of solving said puzzles leaves one with the satisfaction like no other. Back in the day people didn't go online to check walkthroughs but sticked with it and got the most rewarding feeling of figuring something out for themselves. This game has that sort of ""achivement moments"".IMHO this game, Fallout 1&2 and Arcanum is the best non-D&D cRPG to ever have been made. It's just that bloody good. Not the story, but the level of party customization, the mix of ""improving through usage"" and point distribution at level-up's, the witty voiceacting, the weird fantasy-scifi setting, the extremely tactical combat system (positioning is everything), the small tricks you pick up as you get better at the game etc....It is simply brilliant. Let me recommend you this video to understand the importance of Wiz8 and the Wizardry series:Spoiler alert!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab08qIbo9e4"
,Recommended,245450,34152310,Posted: 10 August,all,Xzarus,"Upon the release of Grimoire: Heralds of the Winged Exemplar, I had a rekindled urge and desire to play an old school dungeon crawler. I remember always wanting to play these old style RPGs when I was younger but I never had the patience for them. I felt like I could enjoy them more now where as a child, I just felt like the game was unfair and I couldn't understand why. And while I wanted Grimoire, I didn't want to pay that price. And then I found Wizardry 8, a game from a tried and true series and said, what the hell.I tried 6 and 7 first. I wasn't a fan. Some things don't age well and the aid of nostalgia glasses don't help. They were just too outdated and honestly, the graphics were too pixelated and I had a really hard time reading them. The games literally hurt my eyes to look at. And I thought they were too clunky. I just didn't have a whole lot of fun in the short time that I did play them, so they got returned. But Wizardry 8 however, was a different story.This game is closing in fast on 20 years old and even though it looks like it (albiet in a charming early 3d way), it sure doesn't feel like it. The frame rate is surprisingly smooth for something of this age. The sound is very high quality and the dungeon layout is beautiful.The controls are a little odd and the default key layout is strange, but nothing huge to complain about. It's a minor gripe at best.This game truly holds up after all this time and still runs wonderfully on modern systems. Unlike it's predecessors, Wizardry 8 has aged gracefully. It shows us that modern, phot-realistic graphics do not always make the game."
,Recommended,245450,549631,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,TekDragon,"The last of a fantastic line of classical PC RPGs that stretch back to 1981. The Wizardry series was a founding father of the RPG genre and many great franchises of today, including Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, and Might and Magic, drew significant inspiration from it.Wizardry 8 takes the wide array of charachters and classes and challenging combat of its predecessors and places it into a new, for the series, 3D environment that, even after a decade, is still pleasing to the eye.Woven into this 3D world is a story line that is both unique and engaging. The story takes place on a classic medieval fantasy planet that is now host to a range of alien factions vying diplomatically and militarily for control over artificats that will grant godhood.This story drives gameplay both at the tactical level, with your party members choosing between swords, spells, guns, and technology, and at the strategic level, as you decide who to ally with and who to oppose among 2 major factions and a host of minor players.These choices affect gameplay in a way that puts modern AAA RPG developers to shame. Major choices set you on a road towards one of the game's various endings, but even these roads aren't set in stone as choices made with minor factions can alter your ultimate path.While I would be remiss in not recommending players new to the series try out Wizardry 6 and 7 first, the reality is that Wizardry 8, with its 3D environment and epic tale, stands head and shoulders above its predecessors and is perfectly enjoyable as a stand-alone experience."
,Recommended,245450,26802031,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sergmuller,"An unsurpassed classic RPG. No game has offered such a combination of deep character development, reach dialog options, clever tactical combat and a crazy world to explore. It's a shame that there's no more Wizardry game to pick up it's banner.I bought it on CDs when it came out. Then bough it here when my CDs got stolen. I'd buy it 3rd time if it mattered :-)"
,Recommended,245450,29310718,Posted: 16 January,all,Airyll,"A classic RPG that is easily a game to be recommended to any lovers of the older games in the genre, before quest markers and hand-holding became a more common theme to break the genre open and make it appealing to younger players.Wizardry 8 boasts a fitting musical score to bring to life a variety of environments, some surprisingly good if not hammy voice acting that often manages to bring characters to life, and a no-pulled-punches approach to the gameplay. I found myself engrossed in this game as a younger teenager and played the whole thing to completion, despite what was back then a lack ofcompletesensible consideration over certain decisions.Returning to the game years later has been as enjoyable as playing through it was the first time: the game is as challenging as I remember it being even with the additional bonus knowledge of tips and secrets that are incredibly easy to miss. Par for the course, by the time I hit the first real boss Gregor, I managed to have a character die on me and used my first Res. Powder - it's a surprising comfort to know some things just don't change.The controls are a little more wonky than I remember them being, and of course Wizardry 8 demands a resolution that some might not be entirely used to these days, but though the game has clearly aged over the years it has done so gracefully and still provides a great classic RPG experience to any who want to dabble in the genre.(Also, I'm not saying but I'm just saying, a full Dex/Strength/Speed Rogue with Antone's cursed sword Bloodlust in main hand and any decent dagger in secondary might sound like a terrible idea in principle, but let me tell you when that sucker hits four to five times with Bloodlust and five to six times with his dagger he's gonna be yourfavouritemelee combat party member ever.)"
,Recommended,245450,12547403,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,neonight1986,"This game is pure and simple amazing. There is a reason the people who have played it clamered to get it rerelased on any platforms.  I have put in MANY MANY hours into this game. and still it is one of my favorites.This game was a labor of love as it drove the company bankrupt and still they finished it long after checks stop comming in. and even released a patch.Prosunparralled character customization, Still unmatched by almost any game today.The game is fairly open world for its time, and still today has a you can go anywhere and do anything approch to the game from the start.100's of hours worth of game play and replayablitiy.Replayability, this alone makes this game almost never ending in possibilities. random moster generators, and random loot generators also make the game never the same thing twice.cons,Graphics are dated. even with mods the game engine is limited in what it can do.Difficulty. The game can be hard to even the ones who have played it for years.If you had in Mad god's Cosmic forge program you can change almost anything about the game. Truely Truely wonderful."
,Recommended,245450,27908620,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aprilsauce,"This is the greatest RPG of all time, I've been shaking this game at people for a decade but nobody will play it because ""It looks old"". Listen here, Y'all fools."
76561197995663421,Recommended,245450,23933204,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Blueshrike,"There is no other RPG like this. A full 1st person 3D open world with a combination of turned-based and real-time combat, full 6-party with 2 hirable NPC characters that can swap in and out (or simply become permanent), meaning 8 characters you can use as you progress through the lengthy game.The main features:amazing character progression:with classes like Lord, Valkyrie, Bishop, Bard, Ninja and yes, Samurai - among many others including the staples like Priest, Mage, Rogue, etc., this game rewards the player with every encounter. It's a use-based skill system where characters have simply tons of potential skills, stats, and magic options to increase, all packaged in a very workable and mostly modern UX (that supports right mouse click to open, close).By amazing, I mean amazing. Players have completed the game on its Iron Man mode, without losing a life, and have also completed the entire thing using just one character. I am on my 6th playthrough of the game (and I know many have much more than that). Any character combination is viable, and they are always growing in some way.great combat:what would a great progression system be without some place to show off. Here's where you can. While it's not the easiest game to at first get into (as it has more depth than almost any other RPG I've played), with things intuitively displayed such as your cone of facing, party positioning, short and extended weapons, all kinds of status effects you can get and inflict, all types of ranged weapons (including modern weapons and even a couple sci-fi influences), the game just puts it all together in an extremely well thought out experience. For example, cast a fireball spell and you'll get a nice draggable marker that extends out into the world with a range indicator, highlighting all it would affect.And there can be big battles. You'll be roaming the countryside and see a group of 10 bandits. They have an aggro range so when they ""sense"" your party, they'll start walking toward you. As soon as they get within combat range, turned-based combat will ensue. NOTE: by default you'll want to speed this up in options as it'll be too slow. Just slide it to its max.After any combat, you'll get a very cool list of all your character's skill increases, which always makes any combat worth entering into. By the end of the game, you will feel exceptionally, and appropriately powerful.open non-linear world:the world is a scary place. You can definitely travel to areas with creatures way too tough for your party, which makes exploring so fun. The path is not always exceptionally clear - a good thing in my book as it really relies on the player to get immersed and explore its lore. But you'll get to travel around and within cities on the ground and in trees, military bases, outposts, swamps, and hidden labs, among other places. And the order you do this is up to you. There are factions you can ally with and work for with meaningful rewards / consequences.replayability:the depth of the character progression and party options, as well as the non-linearity of main storyline, key randomized chest drops throughout, faction choices, as well as enemy spawn system, make for a highly replayable game.TIPS FOR BEGINNERS:important:for most wide screen monitors this game will by default looked ""stretched"". You'll likely want to (until a widescreen patch with proper UI support is made - there is one but the UI stretches) play this in 4:3 ratio. Which means you'll need to go into your graphic card settings (e.g., nVidia control panel), go to ""Adjust desktop size and position"", and for GPU set maintain original aspect ratio, then save changes. Also when you run the game and its 3D setup, choose Direct 3D as your mode, and ensure that it's set to 4:3 ratio. Then you'll get the correct black bars and your mouse will be nicely constrained. It will also look much better, and I find is completely playable.google search Wizardry 8 tips and you'll find a few key websites with information on party building, etc. GameFAQs also has some good guidesmake sure you have one or two spellcasters in your party (e.g., mage / priest) as they have beneficial long-term spells they can cast like Armorplate or Enchanted Blade that can be up at all times starting from not long into the game. And don't forget light. :)positioning is key. As you travel in the Monastery and in the wilderness, mostly stick to the sides of the area, as they'll have nooks and crannies you can get your party into, so enemies won't surround you and get your back-positioned party members. Doorways and narrow hallways help with this, too.don't be afraid to find a corner, press ""c"" to camp, regenerate your spellpoints / hp, and then start again.there's a quicksave - simply press ""q"" and there will be multiple slots worth that recycle. It's instant, and do it often.practice using skills and spells - the more you practice, the more effective they become. For example you can practice examining locked chests for traps, or picking a complicated door over and over (when you find one) to increase your locks & traps skill.focus on only a couple primary stats at first until at least one is 100. It then unlocks a special trait that's usually very helpful. This won't happen until early-mid game if you're persistent.Sure there's more but there is a ton of info about this game still... and a somewhat active player community, even 15 years later. Crazy.This is a classic, and a great end to one of the series that started it all. This is by far the most accessible Wizardry, and the first (and last) one in 3D."
,Recommended,245450,17724920,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,zacvrono,"This is the best RPG I have ever played. I will say that flat and simple. It has the best replay value of all RPGs I have played, best party building system, best leveling system, and great and unique combat system too. THe only con I can think of is the graphics very much how its an old game. It is about a slight step up from N64 graphics is all, but damn the gameplay is good. It is a complex game, but very straight forward like chess. The rules of chess are easy to learn, but figuring out how you want to play and the best way to play are a whole other thing.This game is worth $10. Ive got 25 hours right now and I'm still fighting with restarting and just trying out combinations of parties. I haven't even gotten 1/4 through thew game yet. I make progress fine, but I learn more about the enemies and flow of combat and think ""Oh wait I can do that! ok I'm ganna make another party with that in mind now""You can do almost anything you want too. Want all ranged members? all melee or magic? no problem you can do it, but it will take some time to tweak the and figure out how to make it be good, but the point is you can!My favorite RPGs before this were probably golden sun and legend of dragoon. If your like me you or like either of those games you will LOVE this game."
,Recommended,245450,14735316,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Gnome Rambo,"Wizardry 8 is a must-own CRPG. It is on its own, the last Wizardry game of the Dark Savant trilogy made by Sir-Tech as well as being the last within the official series (the license was given to game developers in Japan who made their own Wizardry games such as Tale of the Forsaken Land which have their own story and universe in comparison to that of 8).The gameplay itself gives players either a turn-based approach or a more active but still turn-based take on combat. The game itself is a mixture of fantasy and sci-fi, pitting players against mundane enemies such as a human spell-caster and giant rats to more technological or magical enemies such as androids or demonic beast. Wizardry 8 offers a variety of customization to players based on the races and classes to choose from. This means one can play with a normal party such as a dwarf fighter, elf mage, and a human thief to something a bit more diverse such as Hobbit ninja's and Felpurr samurai's. Not only is there a variety in races (such as human, rawulf, dracon, mook, etc.) and classes to pick (such as bishop, priest, ninja, alchemist, etc.) but the game also offers a variety of equipment to use, each with their own advantages and restrictions.The story of Wizardry pits the player's party against the forces of the Dark Savant for whatever reason (using an imported save where you went with an important NPC to Dominus, following a prophecy you'd first hear a bit from the Trynnie merchant, the game does have different intros based on what saves you use, be it imported saves from Wizardry 7 or using an entirely new party). Ultimately (without trying to spoil too much), the story would lead to players trying to gain a power that the Savant himself desires.The only con to Wizardry 8 as far as I know is that trying to play it off Steam with a mod (only tried the Christian Coder mod) doesn't seem to work for some reason.If you are a sort of person who is interested in playing a good CRPG that is worth the time and money spent, Wizardry 8 is one to go with."
,Recommended,245450,17530964,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,royalmage7,"I have 100's if not 1000's of hours in this game (before it was on steam). This is, IMHO, the very best game in the genre. No one has ever even come close (exept possibly Wizardy 7). New games in the genre are ok (Grimrock 1 and 2), but they have nothing on the deapth of this game..."
76561198074390848,Recommended,245450,12674763,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,pdepmcp [ITA],"A great old style RPG. It combines real time 3D exploration with turn based combat.The plot is complex even if almost linear.While the game can be played as a strategic combat game with some tme spent hanging around, the great depth in character evolution and the vast amount of enemy types and abilities make it an always evolving challenge.Two thumbs up: masterpiece!"
,Recommended,245450,10568668,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BearsGoRawr,One of the best old school first person dungeon crawlers ever made.  This game is seriously fun for someone like me who enjoys keeping it old school when it comes to gaming.  The little quips your party makes add to the entertainment value of the game.  If you enjoy old RPGs than you have to play this game and the other Wizardry titles.
,Recommended,245450,27908976,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Head Bitch In Charge,"I still haven't finished this game. Not because it's hard (though it is), but because every time I get into it, I think to myself ""yes, but couldn't [X class combination] solve this better?"" and then I never go back to the original save game. 10/10, eternal character generation simulator."
76561198208887304,Recommended,245450,29662170,Posted: 2 February,all,estinelesse,"Quite possibly the best RPG ever made. Worth every penny, it really is. Try it, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,245450,10491247,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Crud Bonemeal,"One of the best RPGs I've ever played. Vast options for character/party building, tons of personality (especially the hilarious voice acting,) large areas to explore that actually have interesting content in them, highly strategic (and frequently difficult) combat... Wiz8 just rules.I tried 6 and 7 after this, but found 8 to be the only one that was palatable to me. If you want to try an old-school first person party-based RPG, but are afraid of the obtuse interface, this game does a great job of making that format accessible."
,Recommended,245450,2683584,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Dunder,Do you like stats? Do you like skills? Do you like spells? Do you like adding stats/skillpoints/spells to customize your characters? Then play this game.Note: The game is old and doesn't contain arrows that points to where you need to go.
,Recommended,245450,21486636,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Raddok,"Ladies and gentleman, this is THE best RPG ever made, hands down.""What about Baldur's Gate?"" You might ask. ""Dude, Planescape is the best ever."" You might say. Well, put a sock in it, because this game is the epitome of RPG awesome. Those games are in a different category of coolness, but Wizardry 8 branches out and places a shadow over everything.Here are the reasons Wizardry 8 is the best RPG ever.*An uncanny amount of enemies in most fights, for an RPG of this kind. (You can have 30 or more monsters in a single battle.)*AoE spells are the best.*Every enemy EXPLODES or DISINTEGRATES on death. Nobody falls over and leaves a corpse. Cleaner world, cooler finishers.*This is one of those rare games with a class that can eventually learn every spell available, and that class can eventually one-shot the entire enemy lineup of 30 or more monsters. Bishop or bust, homes.*Monks will roflstomp everything. And I do mean everything.*It has Wookies.All you have to do is drop a measly $10, pocket change, and you've got hundreds of hours of gameplay at your fingertips. Ignore my steam times - I've been playing Wizardry 8 off and on for 13 years. I've probably beaten this game more times than any other game I've ever played. And I hardly ever take my games to a finish. That's the excellence of Wizardry 8.So stop wasting time reading my crappy review, and buy the damn game. You'll get more than your money's worth."
76561198133251638,Recommended,245450,12237384,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Larry_Nesko,"Short version:If you're a fan of classic cRPGs (especially those that are party-centric with turn-based combat) this game belongs in your library, particularly if you can get it on a discount.Long-winded version:Wizardy 8 is a worthy capstone to the long-running series.  It is certainly one of the best cRPGs of its time and, arguably, one of the best of all time.  All of the elements that made up a great game of this genre in the 2000s is here:  robust character creation, flexible party formation, plentiful combat, and addictive character progression.As might be expected of a game its age, the graphics in Wizardry 8 are dated.  But, importantly, not cripplingly so.  Watching a freshly killed opponent explode and seeing their skull careen across the screen is just...timeless.  Unlike the graphics, the sound is still top notch.  The ambient environmental sounds, whether in a dungeon, jungle, or graveyard, do a very nice job of bringing some immersion to the game.While RP elements such as open world exploration and NPC interactions are light compared to the standards of today, the character creation and party formation system provides enough variety that you'll develop an affinity for the members of your party as you go along.  Stat and skill prgression is a fairly straightforward affair:  raise the tank's strength and stamina, raise the mage's intelligence, etc.  But what's nice is that it's not just leveling up that provides progress.  Using skills repeatedly also raises their scores.  So, yes, you can develop a mage that's awesome with a bow (given enough practice).  On top of such flexibility, progress actually feels like progress.  You can sense the improvement in your characters as they climb the godly ladder even as they face more difficult opponents.The story is decent enough but, frankly, isn't likely to be the reason someone keeps playing the game.  That motivation will likely come from character/party development and....Combat.  This is truly a towering strength of the game.  It's plentiful and it requires adapting tactics to have any sort of long term success.  Fortunately, the game allows you to do just that.  The AI mobs can be surprisingly, and unforgivingly, clever.  Don't just stand in the middle of open ground...get your party's back against a wall to avoid being surrounded.  Guard that mage, because the mob's not going to charge headlong at the lady in plate armor with the big, pointy stick (unless you find a way to give them no alternative).  If the enemy has access to long range attacks, they will use them, so you better not sit back waiting for that fireball to explode in front of you.  There are even going to be situations in which your party is in over its head.  Retreat to fight another time.  Not every combat will provide a challenge, but just enough will to keep you on your toes.In conclusion, while it has the drawbacks of age, Wizardry 8 still provides a great cRPG experience.  As I said in the short version above, if you like classic games of the genre, give this one a go, particularly if it goes on sale."
76561198044910099,Recommended,245450,13222173,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,YouProbSquat2Plates,"The party system makes this game! So much fun hand crafting all of the little details of your 6 man (8 with npc's later on) group and then going into battle with them.  You really feel like the choices you make with character development have a direct impact on how the game plays. I'm using a tradtional RPG party with healer, tank, dps's, etc... but still their are tons of choices for me to make, and intersting skills like lockpicking and alchemy help mix things up. So far I have played on  ""turn based"" combat, although the game does allow continous combat (option in menu). Personally I think this game should be played as a turn based game; seems like it was designed that way. In any case this will allow you to make tactically sound decisions, which is part of what makes the combat fun.  So far I have really enjoyed exploring the first area with my party, as you never know what monster/treasure chest awaits around the next corner."
76561197988749956,Recommended,245450,29164727,Posted: 10 January,all,Ultrazen,"In my opinion, the best party /turn based RPG ever made.This is a game that continues to get better, the longer you play it.  The variations in party configuration, the epic story, the size and scope of the game, the incredibly well thought out UI (especially given the release date), all add up to make an amazing game, with a ton of replay value.I had this game on CD when it came out, and put hundreds of hours into it, I think I'm over 100 hours now on the steam edition (which I bought instantly when I found out it was available).  I'm sure I will put at least 200 hours into this version, if not more.  It's one of the games that you can just keep coming back to.  The different approaches you can make to the game via party configuration, really does make reply beyond viable.Wizardry 8 is a difficult game.  It doesn't hold your hand, give you quest markers, or make it easy for you to know exactly what you should do at all times.  It will nudge you in a general direction, and it's up to you to figure things out.  That can be a bit daunting at first, as the world is huge, and there are a lot of things going on.  It's also awesome, because everything probably actually does mean/do something.  See that blue feather on the ground?  Yah, it's for something, you just have to figure out what.  You have to think, deduce, and reason when you play this game, and that's awesome if it apeals to you.  There are of course, very in depth guides and spoilers, so you'll never really get stuck.I haven't gotten to the bottom of this game, even after at least 300 hours, and I still love starting up a new party and setting off again.  A tremendous game, that's well worth whatever they charge for it.  There are a few mods that will make your life a bit easier, and aim to adjust some of the few flaws in the game, most notably the wizfast fix, which speeds up monster movement (fights can become very huge).Highest recommendation, if you like party based RGPs.  First person, can play either turn based or real time, huge number of spells, abilities, and classes, and endless party combinations.  If this kind of game is even marginally in your interest range, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,245450,9542633,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,JimmyWolf,"This should be the standard for open-world RPG's. Considering its age, it's still exciting, fresh and gorgeously designed. The races and classes all feel different and unique without any one class being ""the best"".The Elder Scrolls may have taken the title for controlling a single character, but when you have 8 characters that you've developed, had killed or maimed repeatedly, and who all feel unique, there isn't another feeling like it"
,Recommended,245450,27952381,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fuzzyfier,"Actually still the best RPG ever.Or the only one. In some aspects.Aside from graphics (weak already at the release date) and some cruelty to novices, this game has many features that aren't outperformed yet. There are no dialogs: you can type what you want to say. There are no quests: you can change the state of the world any way you can imagine to achieve your goals. There is the craziest setting, where space-traveller battlemage samurai dragon with stone-loaded rifle looks ok. I believe, games in the future (when there will be real AI to talk with and world simulation instead of glitchy quest-lines) will be more similar to Wizardry, than to any other game series. But Wizardry will be the first for the all times."
,Recommended,245450,27894157,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,★ Jakobson ★,"I'm a huge fan of old-school RPGs, and when I saw this one on steam, for such a low-low price, it was an instant buy.I wasn't let down.Pros:Monsters, areas, and classes are all unique and fun to play.Combat is deep, well thought out, and all the scenarios can be approached and conquered differently.The player is rewarded for being clever.Lots of Lore, most of it avoidable if desired.Music/atmosphere is very imersive.Cons:New comers to this style of game will find the combat overwhelming."
76561197988566726,Recommended,245450,25107624,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Grim Jester,"I haven't finished this game yet despite having played for almost 93 hours. I have newer, and slicker games than this, but I doubt that they're this good. Why is this game great even though it has primitive 3D graphics?The audio is excellent. The voice acting, and environmental sounds are top notch.The world is interesting, and it's populated with different races with distinct personalities.There are a lot of puzzles to solve.The combat is much more detailed than you might first think. Your characters can be put in formation. Your characters can be flanked. Magic is powerful when you use it, and when it is used against you.Character progression offers a lot of choices. Customizing your party's gear and abilities is crucial.This game is hard. You'll need to save a lot, and some of the puzzles might stop you. If that's the case, just reference a walk through for a little help."
,Recommended,245450,8284411,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mullatsirc,"I've never played any of the Wizardry games before, and I actually found out about them from Todd Howard mentioning the series and playing it before he took hold at Bethesda. I can see relations between Wizardry 8 and Morrowind (the first TES game involving Todd Howard in development) and it's really interesting. It seems like a Fallout/Morrowind/Daggerfall mixture with it's own touch. Only playing three hours, I've found this to be really addicting. When killing, it feels more rewarding than most RPG games that I've played. I really feel like character progression is more refined in this game, especially for it's time. The game to be honest, is pretty hard if you don't know what you're doing. Essentially trial/error is what you have to do if you don't watch gameplay or not know what you're doing. I've found having a priest, tank, ranger or two, and a bard is standard. Bard's lute helps out loads and having the extra ranger if you choose, helps in sticky situation when your spellcaster(s) and ranger can only attack the far-away enemy. Overall, this game is great, I'd definitely pay the full $10.00 if it wasn't on sale. It's worth it if you like RPG games."
76561198040464996,Recommended,245450,9543635,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,hal8999_,This is a classic game with a high rate of replayability
76561198030734247,Recommended,245450,18442316,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Thoughtful Gaming,"Wizardry 8 is a great game if you are not a guy keen on crisp graphics.It's a classic dungeon crawler rpg where you can make your whole party in every detail which is part of the fun. You'll meet many incredible monsters, some easy to beat, some hard to beat, some even impossible to beat - (you might have to run from them).The story is continued from its predecessors and now your party can even ascend and become gods (or cosmic lords, as the game calls it). Which is incredibly fun!So it's not an easy game at all. It can be a challenge. And you can build your characters wrong so they may be useless in the endgame. But it's an incredibly rewarding game. For every new player, I'd recommend to make yourself familiar with the game on normal or easy settings, then go for the 3rd and highest difficulty for an amusing game where you'll sometimes have to run but where XP flows steadily and challenges come galore.Just for fun, I have started a speedrun to share my hundreds of hours I have played this game - not only on steam, but before too. I'm so happy about this version as my old DVDs didn't work with Windows 7 anymore.You can read newbie tips about the game here:www.thoughtfulgaming.com- and you'll have access to my YouTube from there too.And there are, of course, many Playthroughs on YouTube for the game. Some of them really funny if new guys play it blindly. You will experience some of the fun if you buy and play this game just like that.And for the speedbumps, you can go to e.g. my blog and get some starting help :-)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2Z1dm3b5Ys"
,Recommended,245450,17570394,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,jacer08,"Don't be discouraged. I read some of the negative reviews saying this did not work with newer computers and operating systems. However my love for this classic RPG drove me to buy it anyway, and it works flawlessly.Short rundown of system specs:Windows 8.1Intel I7 4790K ProcessorEVGA GeForce GTX 98016GB of DDR3 RamThe game started up without any extra tinkering on my end. Valve has yet again provided a classic game that runs on new systems.Gameplay:Like many others here, i have put 100's of hours into this game outside of steam. What you need to know getting into it, is that this is a very challenging, but rewarding RPG. You will have characters die, sometimes even wipeing your whole team. You will forget to save and have to restart from your last autosave(you did enable that right?). You may even have to leave an area to come back later because the enemies are just too strong. If you like challenging, long lasting game experiences, this is the game for you. If your looking for a strategic game, with turn based combat, and loveable characters, this game is for you. If you want to spend $10, and hide in a cave and play a RPG for a month, this game is perfect for you!"
,Recommended,245450,29753043,Posted: 6 February,all,WHITE PONY,One of the best ever. Look past the dated graphics and you will find an amazing turn-based party RPG. Too bad they don't make em like this no more.
,Recommended,245450,27559508,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sMashPiranha,3dfx supported
,Recommended,245450,29282928,Posted: 15 January,all,HuskeyG,"Even now, this game holds up. It's fun, it's still looks nice in its own way, and the character leveling system is great."
76561198017492353,Recommended,245450,11046558,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Elliven Zane,"An old fashioned game for those who appreciate the feel of table top roleplaying, without the hassle that comes with a group of people. The game is deep, and highly complicated throughout, and in the end all players begin to decide what classes and gameplay is 'the best'. The only thing that I have seen as a downside to this game's design is the fact that what you encounter, and the overall difficulty is as much dependant on luck as it is skill. Creatures actively hunt you down, and you can easily end up against odds you cannot possibly overcome, especially if you have decided to try to run from an encounter, instead of putting your back to a wall and fighting it out in hopes of surviving with at least a few members of your party alive. If you are the type who enjoys tabletop games such as D&D or Pathfinder, this game will likely tickle your fancy, but if you are looking for another Fable or even a Final Fantasy, or Skyrim, you may as well move on, as this game will only frustrate you."
,Recommended,245450,31059650,Posted: 10 April,all,wipiton,"For my taste, not as outstanding as Wiz 6 & 7, but those were legendary.This one is solid good anyway, nice and long-awaited conclusion to all the saga.Enemies scaling make it _very_ hard to beat on max difficulty.If it is your type of a game, 70+ hours of amusement guaranteed."
,Recommended,245450,22871597,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Shadix,"Man, after restarting this game about 40 different times over 15 years, I love this damn game so much. It just has so much personality and character that isn't over the top or exceedingly epic, at the simplest definition its just a band of dofuses fighting their way to become gods over the course of a 4 day weekend.The vast amount of voice options you can pick your characters (9 personalities, 2 voices for each, for two genders = 32 voices to choose from) is awesome to keep the ingame monologue fresh. The only thing that is missing is banter between the characters that you make, but for a product of the 2000's this is a feature that would be far outside of a closing studios budget (RIP Sirtech)Combat is both tense and rewarding, planning a well coordinated turn that wipes the enemies in one sweep feels so satisfying, at the cost of some hearing ability depending on the spells you used (RIP Headphone users when you cast that magic missile towards a 7+ enemy pack).They don't make like this anymore, sadly.God, I just ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.Protip: Don't be frugal with Bombs, Stix, and Powders. Use them! They're very plentiful in the game, and having an Alchemist on your team is great for those!"
76561198045675514,Recommended,245450,22546246,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Spack Jarrow,"This game is a hidden gem, rarely do you get a game with this much depth.It's an Old school gretness that goes hand in hand with other greate games of 90's -00's likeVampire:The Masquerade , Arcanum or Original War.Despite its  age the game is still very enjoyable , if you want to have a nice dnd experience , this game is for you."
76561198047747145,Recommended,245450,32343292,Posted: 11 June,all,thorin_bane,"Great game, I spent hours on it back in the early 2000's. again in the late 2000's and now again in 2017. It holds up well for its age. Great plot, decent voice acting given it was pretty rare at the time(Oh Vi <3 ) RPG elements are solid and the world exists arond you. You can see the enemey moving about and choose to engage or try to sneak past. Amazing game mechanic. Just can't say enough positive about this game. 10/10 In my top 20 games of all time."
,Recommended,245450,11508831,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,darkcecil13,"HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDThe best RPG of all time! That's an understatement.  You might as well trash your PC if you don't play his game, which was so ahead of its time when it came out and it still is unmatched.I have well over 800 hours logged in this game before it was released on Steam, so I have done EVERYTHING.I have beaten the game twice (Normal, Expert), each with different party composition. Even on Normal, this game is very challenging . There is an Easy option too, for a casual player."
76561198037346033,Recommended,245450,13145856,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jawebo,A highly addictive game; espically if you played the old school RPG's; such as Might and Magic and the Wizardry series.  I would highly recommend to buy the game :).
76561198032675196,Recommended,245450,32706722,Posted: 23 June,all,Crash_Fistfight,Amazing game.  Best Dungeon-crawler RPG ever.
,Recommended,245450,10912211,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,JackUup,One of my favorite RPGs of all time. Love it!
76561198022062899,Recommended,245450,24338938,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,CoolLew,"I played this game years ago, then bought it again when it was on sale on Steam, this is a gem of an RPG.  I never played any of the previous Wizardry games, but I like the character development in this one."
76561198172227577,Recommended,245450,25449828,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,markdroege2460,"I played this game about 14 years ago and loved it. So many different races and classes I could include in my party and customize. So many puzzles, traps and different npcs to meet and talk to. I could start with a party of 6 and include 2 more characters at any time along the way. I loved the secret doors to underground dungeons. So many different and strange creatures to battle. I can't imagine how awesome this game would be to play if it had updated graphics. If my windows 10 loaded this game I would still play this game from time to time, that's how much I loved this game. I was crushed when Sir Tech went out of business, they were going to come out with Wizardry 9 and 10. For me, this was the best game I ever played and have not found anything else that even compares to it. Best all time rpg for me. Still a good game to play even with the dated graphics."
76561198021915624,Recommended,245450,28383477,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Aeryc131,Fun old school game where what skills you use actually gets better.
76561198078087504,Recommended,245450,9555324,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,TheTinGod,"An absolutely classic, old school RPG that has stood the test of time. Gave it to some of my friends who had grown up playing Final Fantasy and Phantasy Star Online and they absolutely loved it.It is by no means perfect, combat can last ages and the story can be a bit difficult to follow but as a no frills RPG game it really shines for offering huge character customisation and funny voice acting.If you are looking to experience some RPG history and very much enjoy yourself at the same time, then pick up this game."
76561198043486967,Recommended,245450,10853086,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Keeper,hmm what to say about this game...well its a true gem..or masterpiece rather....yes its old school and real rpg and turned based with older graphics..but its an extremly huge world and its all about the game play....movement is free roam sandbox grid based.......its a shame the industry did not go more in this direction....I have played 100s of games and still found nothing to equal this game....my only complaint about this game is that the extremly huge world is not even larger....meaning....I wish it to never end after playing 100s of hours....
76561198054322386,Recommended,245450,8438429,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Prinny,i still like the game even today  its a truly masterpiece of the RPG Games.i Wish there whould be more game like wizardry 8   that you grow not in level but youre skillsbecoming more effective over timei really recommand  this Wizardry 8 if you like to play into 6 Characters in  party2 in later game   8 in total
,Recommended,245450,8518576,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,azure1354,One of my best memories of PC gaming.  Excellent turn based combat similar to the Might and Magic series for those who are familiar with it.  The wolrd is huge and full of challenges and secrets.  With a lot of unique class options to choose from and very thorough customozation you can create a lot of different types of characters.  Unique personalities and voices help bring characters to life in interesting ways.  This game is a must have for any RPG gamer.  Want a real challenge? Try Ironman mode on expert.
76561198052494947,Recommended,245450,9238908,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Evilnor7,"I first played this when it was state of the art 10 or so years ago.  I loved it back then, and it fills a place that not many more modern games have filled since: turn-based RPGs where you control a whole group of characters.  Like a table-top RPG, you can pause and think about the spell you want to cast next or which monster you want to kill first.  *gasp!* You can use strategy!  Comparable games from the time would be Might and Magic 7 & 8.  If you enjoyed either of those and never played a Wizardry game before, this is a good option, with slightly better graphics than either of those two (yes, they're all dated.  Get over it.).  What sets Wizardry 8 apart from similar style Might and Magic games is the unique story, non-standard character classes, and a science fiction edge you don't normally get in fantasy games.  In fact, some of the playable character races are aliens!If you like oldskool RPGs, I'd definitely recommend picking this one up at a good price."
,Recommended,245450,8462153,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Eating Joke,Easily one of the best RPGs of all time.Worth every cent~~~
76561198024838137,Recommended,245450,27548422,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ZeroEffekt,"I have 45.9 hours on record with Steam for this game, but the save file I played from was over 10 years old with countless hours invested in it.This game is difficult. It is awkward. It is annoying at times. This is offset plenty by the rich storyline, the character creation system, an interesting formation-based 6-person party (8 w/ temporary NPCs you can control) that can engage in combat in either turn-based or real-time, and the fact that no matter how hard you smash this game you will almost certainly never beat it. In a timely manner.While the game itself is outdated, its playability is not. If you want a game that you will spend countless hours playing with no hope of an easy victory, coupled with the lack of Achievements to document your epic feats, then this game might be perfect for you."
76561198052684021,Recommended,245450,28797182,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Russel,"Best RPG of my childhood. Just had to get it again. HAvent got many hours on it yet, but remember beating the game as a younger lad many times. Ahh the nostalgia. There is this strange athmospere when you travel arcoss the land in this game. Somewhat haunting as one might say. Every profession is meaningful and has special items spread across the world. For example i recommend you make gadgeteer in your party before venturing. If i recall right gadgeteer can make the game alot easier on some points and it also has upgradable pistol. I remember getting tons of pistol parts ingame and didnt have a clue what to do with those lol :D10/10 game!"
76561198072585169,Recommended,245450,19249322,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Interrupting Cheese,"It may be an old game, but this game has some of the best fantasy and sci-fi mixtures ever seen in a video game, and the enemies are just so much fun to fight. I reccomend this game as one of the last opportunities to figure out how a game works and what works best by yourself. Sadly, it seems that too many older games did not go fully appreciated, and this is one. So if you are tired of new games and you are ready for a STEEP learning curve, play Wizardry 8, and don't get too frustrated with the op enemies. The enemies are relentless...."
,Recommended,245450,18658162,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Awkward Gordon,"I used to play this game a lot, and a do mean A LOT, before I bought it on Steam.This is by far, one of the best RPG games I have ever played.The vast world, the long and excellent story, the variety of NPC, and the build of a kickass D&D game...I'll recommend this game for my children in time. Not even kidding about this. I grew up on this game!"
,Recommended,245450,27237675,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kubyuk,Phoonzang needs a hug.And Fairy Ninja + Cane of Corpus FTW
76561197964285762,Recommended,245450,28885887,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Click,"Kind of old school, but very fun game.  I could not get it to run through Steam though, Steam users posting in the discussion board for this game helped me out.  The fix that worked for me:1. Create new folder on C drive named ""w8""2. Copy everything from your steam\steamapps\common\Wizardry8 folder over to the new c:\w8 folder3. Click on ""Wiz8"" application in c:\w8It should run.  You can exit out of the game and go back to the c:\w8 folder to launch 3DSetup application and make some changes to resolution, suggest selecting ""glide2x"", and then launch ""nglide_config"" application in the same folder for more resolution options.Good luck and have fun."
76561197973706677,Recommended,245450,9164097,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,blacktomcat,"This is a classic game in every possible way. Its hard to decribe it fairly without beeing too nostalgic on my part but i will try. Its a heavy roleplaygame - dungeoncrawler. So Dungeoncrawler like Grimrock, Roleplaygame like the Might and Magic (NOT Heroes of might and magic) series. It is hard, doesnt have a tutorial and punishes mistakes in character building and creation without mercy. It has some bugs....so all these bad things now to the good things: It is challanging, has a great story , gives you great freedom and knows several ways to solve problems. Naturally the graphics arent great because its old but if you endjoyed any of the ""old"" RPGS like  DSA, Might and Magic etc. then u might want to try this. Even if you dont like it...you didnt use a lot of money for it :)"
76561198043274748,Recommended,245450,13041264,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,hidro_dawn,"if anyone on windows 8 is having trouble getting the game to load, getting errors about screen resolution not being suported, i had to copy the files from the steam apps directory, paste them into there own file on my c drive, then rename that folder on c to something new (w8 for me) then loaded the game and it worked fine."
,Recommended,245450,22220147,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,BAXTER,"I saw this game in a PC gaming magazine once and I thought it was the sickest♥♥♥♥♥♥I'd ever seen, and when I finally got to play it I found out I was right.RIP Sir-Tech"
76561197995286276,Recommended,245450,21327107,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Arkayne,"15 years later and I still love this game. There's something very special about the first-person yet turn-based combat in this game. Graphics are dated but crisp. It can be very challenging, in an old school rpg sort of way. One of my all time favourite rpgs."
,Recommended,245450,21511713,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,HoboBooze,"A pioneer among CRPGs. Character creation is amazing, battle can be challenging yet provides a sense of accomplishment. Not very many games, vintage or modern excell at overaccomplishing aspects that usually leave a lot to be desired."
76561198205538993,Recommended,245450,20917017,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,dartenglish,Bin playing Wizardry 8 for a while now thought I'd write a review this'll be my first so bought this back in the day on win2000 and it was and old school morrowind to me but nowadays its a genre of its own to me play this game its slower paced than Final Fantasy but your party cap is also 2x bigger just remember Pre 2006 before the Next Gen Crash of the decade so 86% of your game isnt going to how pretty it looks this game and Morrowind are must plays.
76561198026324288,Recommended,245450,9782263,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,julionoco,Mixture of an old school MUD with a modern RPG?  Pleasantly surprised.
76561197970791035,Recommended,245450,8310834,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AVOOZL,"I picked up this game years after the fact, but I wish that I had it when it was new because that would have been an extra 10 years to enjoy this amazing game.If you like RPGs, try it.  The magic system is dynamic, complex and fun, fighters stomp face, lots of interesting hybrid classes, tons of character-building decisions to make... the list goes on.  A cool world to explore, tough fights to save and retry a few times, or an Iron Man mode if you're feeling hardcore.Simply a fantastic experience from start to stop."
,Recommended,245450,8416309,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Radish,"Wizardry 6 and 7 are really old hard core DOS games, so many people may not enjoy them due to their clunky interface, but saves carry over from game to game and the story changes depending on the previous game's ending.    Wizardry 8 has a more natural modern game feel to it but still is deeply rooted in turn-based tactical combat.   All three games offer a deeply satisfying amount of character customization coupled with a decent storyline and awesome setting.  Even if you don't enjoy the DOS games, starting a new game in Wizardry 8 is still very satisfying and the game does a decent enough job of introducing the storyline to the player.   (scoring is for wiz8) Gameplay: 9/10 Graphics: 6/10(but thats not what this game is all about) Storyline/Environments: 8.5/10 Overall 8/10.  Very much worth the money.   I spent a few hundred hours of my life playing this when I wa high school and it still holds up today.Edit:  The game does have old-school control issues though, such as using Arrow keys instead of WASD etc."
76561197971724523,Recommended,245450,8236626,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ImJustaBirdyToo,Classic FPS dungeon crawling goodness.
76561197973032548,Recommended,245450,13220420,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,IpNeko,Wonderful True RPG!
76561198097449967,Recommended,245450,21715856,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,I'llProbablyGetUsAllKilled!,I really wish someone would make another game very close to this style.  I love everything about this game!  I miss the old-school style RPG.
76561198023221061,Recommended,245450,34064583,Posted: 6 August,all,Myst,"Wait, you dont own this game yet?!Then pick it up, its one* of the best party RPGs*needs player patientce since amount of random encounters can hold you in one spot for an hour"
76561198124192613,Recommended,245450,14100821,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,adamchowdhury3672,"Great game. graphics may be dated, but this is one of the RPG's that set the benchmark, and many have added similar elements to their games. Well worth getting."
,Recommended,245450,26710940,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,defective pancake,"The myth, the legend, the one and only staple first-person dungeon crawler... In 3D! You make a team of either preset characters, or some of your own, and you can invite up to two more characters for your party. Your party characters have voices, and you can't really say they're devoid of personalities as they comment on many things, which is quite a nice touch and makes you feel more emerged into the game, like you really are among your companions, united together for the sake of a wonderful adventure. There is some plot going on, but it's not the focus of the game as you mostly just crawl the dungeons and participate in turn-based fights. Nowadays the fighting process seems super long and tedious, especially if you manage to run into a cluster made out of enemy groups, but it's manageable. The setting is quite nice, with some attempts to take a step away from the painful mediocrity of your average medieval fantasy WRPG setting. Lowpoly 3d still holds together quite nicely, and the game has been optimized to run smoothly on modern rigs.If you've ever played Morrowind and want some more of that experience, but with a slightly better battle system that treats the player in a fair fashion, this is the game for you."
76561198042565909,Recommended,245450,28702294,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Night,"Wizardry 8 may be an old game, but it's still one of the best games I've ever played. In offline mode I've easily played 50+ hours, and that would be added on to the hours it has registered here on steam from when I've been online.Are the graphics amazing? No. But the gameplay and depth to the game itself makes it more than good enough for you to ignore the graphics quality.Still, it's an old game. I give it an 8/10 in total."
76561198047241419,Recommended,245450,29030747,Posted: 5 January,all,Antares,"Best RPG of all times, period."
76561197970396484,Recommended,245450,27885727,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,maggrand,Looking for a great RPG. Well you will find it here. Okey the graphics is not that great. Reminds more or less of echanced doom. But the story is great. It also follows true D&D style of rules so don't do anything to hasty.  Get it and have fun.
76561197971144145,Recommended,245450,14409943,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,MadScientist,"Loved this trilogy. I sadly have spent around 400 hours collectively on the 3 - Wizardry 6,7 and 8. Without guides it would have taken a LOT longer probably. I can't believe I didn't play them the first time round. Having completed all the greats, this definitely ranks up there, if not at the top. I am used to the frustrations having played many hours through the bards tale series etc. before the internet and guides even existed. I can understand if you are not used to the 'old' systems (like spending ages trying to sort inventories in Wizardry 6) but if you get past the quirks (which to me make it more enjoyable - sad as that is) then the series is second to none."
76561198035620307,Recommended,245450,10222859,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,larshel,Old classic still delivers. It about the fun not the graphics.
76561198060621416,Recommended,245450,11079961,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mr. Dizfunktional,"A retro gem worth taking a look at, Wizardry 8 is a single player RPG that allows you to create several party members, choosing from around a dozen races and classes to do so. The game is aging but should appeal to old school gamers who remember the days when video games were about interesting game mechanics and not just having the latest and greatest graphics. The game is turn based, which should appeal to players who enjoy games from the time period the Wizardry series of games originally came out in. Sadly, it seems not many today know or remember Wizardry, but if you enjoy games with a lot of different mechanics you can utilize while not being required to use them to complete the game, and have a special place in your heart for retro games of an amazing caliber, Wizardry 8 has a lot to love.The battle system is easy to learn but hard to master, yet once you are able to do so, you will feel like a true boss stomping over weaker enemies that gave you trouble before, while still weary and afraid of what new beastie may be lurking around the next corner. As far as the story and dialog goes, Wizardry 8 certainly has no problem seating itself into a more comical niche. At first glance, it may appear some of the  lines and plot are just corny and lame because of Wizardry 8's age, however, if one were to look closer, they may see that the game enjoys being campy, welcoming your eye rolling and snickering.Embrace the silly dialog and goofy plot! Enjoy the in depth character creation and entertaining battle sequences! And if you find yourself afraid to venture forth to your next objective without going back and leveling some more, don't be ashmed! The world of Wizardry 8 can be rough and heartless, at times, but with your wit and your strength, you may yet complete your adventure!"
76561198006354106,Recommended,245450,9927274,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,msk888hyper,No full screen mode !small visual is so bad
,Recommended,245450,11099859,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Sinister savior,"Honestly I bought this because of how much it reminded me of might and magic 6 I can't tell you how much it applys to only certain people. Progression, Story, turn-based, basically a old rpg. though even today I found it fun, it was a challege however, not to say ive beat yet. I can say there are some really hard parts that will annoy you."
,Recommended,245450,11230374,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,fallencastle,"I absolutly love this game, however it's frustratingly difficult in the tradional RPG sense, and sometimes you can was 10+hours and be really strong to just be♥♥♥♥♥♥on because yes the monsters are that strong on normal...still a great game"
,Recommended,245450,7972347,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,pj_thomas,"I was looking for this game and it's Wizardry 6 & 7 counterparts for a long time until I finally decided to do a quick search in Steam again, just in case, and found all three. This one adds a lot to the series, i.e. enhanced graphics and the ease of play features of newer games, while still retaining the old-school dungeon crawl feel of the previous.Brilliant gameplay and story."
76561197961689516,Recommended,245450,8458783,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,PHJF,"Had no idea the Jagged Alliance 2 team was behind this, it oozes similar character.  Barely played an hour yet but it's great fun."
,Recommended,245450,8546225,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tulki (´ಠωಠ`),This is one of the best first-person RPGs I've played. But it gets kind of scary when the feline cosmonauts show up and you start fighting robots.
76561197991969064,Recommended,245450,8376500,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SirGwalahad,"Simply awesome, so much depth"
,Recommended,245450,8290660,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Syndelf,"I owned a copy of this game many years ago and spent countless hours in it ... the graphics are, of course, quite old and nothing like what is expected of newer games, but they're still quite eye-catching.  The real award that this game gets is the storyline - it's completely unique.  Add to that a number of very cool characters and a couple interesting races with numerous class combinations and I have no doubt the game will grab and hold the attention of any serious RPG player.  Check it out!"
76561198052337412,Recommended,245450,8421238,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MSJ-06II-C,"Suprisingly good game of course the graphics are just plain bad but do not let that fool you. This is a solid game the customsation aspect is well made and the races aren't just for show, they really influence the gameplay. For example a fairy shouldn't be a valkyrie when it can't even properly wield a halberd (or can't do it at all)"
,Recommended,245450,2710334,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,WOOMY,"I guess I should try actually writing a review.Wizardry 8 is an enticing game.  I've played it for quite a while, and I haven't actually finished the storyline.Granted, the first time I played almost-through it, I had to reformat and forgot to back up my save, but I had no issues restarting and enjoying the quests all over again.  I got to just about the same point in the game, when I got distracted with other things, and so I haven't played lately.  I will likely be restarting again - not that I mind, because again, it is great fun.There are a few things that will irk you when you play, either the limited resolution options, the lack of windowed mode, or what-have-you, but to me, it's all outweighed by how fun the game is.Pros:-Create your own party with thousands of possibilities for customization.-Enjoy the storyline or free roam, play how you like.-Replay it again and again, find things you've missed or experience your favorite moments again.-Low price, plenty of play time.Cons:-Occasionally a little difficult and/or frustrating-Spawning of enemies when you're trying to rest is a bit hard on the patienceIf you're looking for a game that'll occupy you for hours, and you don't want to spend a lot of money?This is one of the best."
,Recommended,245450,8080477,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Threedogawoo,"A rather fun game. I would give it an 8.5/10.PROS-Customization-Many classes-Level designCONS-Levels are huge-If you don’t know what you are doing, you can kill yourself with a spell.If you like classic RPGs then get this game.If you like PRGs get this game.This game is not at all like Skyrim, so if all you care about is graphics, don't get it."
76561198043007673,Recommended,245450,8323088,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gorpil the Great,"Nostalgic of classic RPGs, a solid game with a real adventure-like atmoshpere."
76561198031803072,Recommended,245450,13136906,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Peace Maker,"I made a dual wielding, samurai Faerie with a thick, female German accent and named her Tinker Bell. In Wizardry 8, Making your own characters is a blast. This game is full of interesting races like the Dracon, Mook and Rawulfs and classes like the the psionic, Bishop and Ninja; this is so refreshing compared to the generic human, elf, dwarf races and the fighter, mage and thief classes you see in most modern day RPGs. I also love how  the custom characters are brought to life with a variety of  wonderful voice actors and animated portraits that make your creation feel alive; I haven't felt this attached to characters in an RPG in a long time. I know many RPGs allow you to customize your characters appearance, but Wizardry 8’s character experience stands out to me; theres just something special about taking the time to craft  the whole cast of characters in your group, then crash landing them onto the planet and see how far they can go as a team. My only real complaint is that the combat seems a little drawn out compared to other rpgs (there are mods to speed it up but I haven't installed those yet) Of course the graphics might look dated (to be expected for a game this old), but Im having a blast playing this game so far with my crazy cast of comrades. Now Excused me, I have to go make sure Tinker Bell doesn’t rip the bartenders face off..."
76561198066306038,Recommended,245450,13233384,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Magenta Cow,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198003375076,Recommended,245450,10360354,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Dracula  (yersinia pestis),RPG clássico !  Sensacional !!!  É um jogo de estratégia e aventura....
,Recommended,245450,8479660,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,la_nague,"This is one of the best combat RPGs ever.You make a party of 1-6 from countless of classes, which all have a multitude of different skills and attributes and a ton of different spells. There Are Samurai, Bishops, Thieves, Bards, Engineers, Monks, Psyonics etc....The game is open world with very unique locations, the dialogue system is also interesting as you can type in your own questions for the NPCs to answer.The main gameplay is the turnbased combat. It is very well done and the fights are challenging, but fair.Sometimes you even run into two different factions fighting a battle and then you join an hour long epic fight that you will not forget. Even the combat music is great.This was a very worthy finish of the Wizardry series.Its also might be a game for JRPG lovers that have difficulkty finding PC titles."
76561198013527537,Recommended,245450,9050644,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Xahiko,ONe of the better game of the genre if not the best!
76561198003686837,Recommended,245450,8852648,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Yolomancer,"An excellent game which i quite sincerely recommend to all peoples who love AD&D or are quite simply fantasy fanatics. The indepth conversation and cannon D&D classes such as Fighter/Mage, even a ninja class! The game includes a very understandable storyline which holds it's punches when it come to plot discovery and has an outstanding disappearance of 'handholding'. The Min/Maxer's mentality to succeed in all instances even if their characters are punative at early levels can look forward to competitive scaling mechanic will not leave any berift of challenge. The existence of prior iterations of Wizardry, these being 6 - 7 which involve an importation based party mechinc similar to Baldur's gate EE - EE2(though entire parties, not only the *charname*)This becomes a party of personally tailored villians or heroes to be used towards ones intended AD&D goals. This game though old in our standards is enriched with mechanics that modern games seem to have a deficit, and provides hours of entertainment to all !"
76561198215461792,Recommended,245450,18992239,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,rubyismycat,i remember playing this game when it came out its a hard game but good its very dated indeed but modern rpgs could learn a lot about character creation from this  game it gives the player huge choice and flexability unlike modern rpgs which     deffinately dont as theyre all dumbed down so George Bush can play too
76561198007445449,Recommended,245450,27049116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Emissar,"NIce and addictive, time proven game! class mechanix is on of the best imho"
76561198116806051,Recommended,245450,22871329,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,FrumpyKnight,Do yourself a favor and just buy it.
76561198026010286,Recommended,245450,32211688,Posted: 5 June,all,Eggherder,"Pretty cool game for it's time, it's a divergence from the other Wizardry games to me with it's 3D world (albeit a bit dodgy in terms of the engine but for it's time fair enough), but it keeps the interesting elements of it's forebears. Kind of wish it didn't get swallowed up by a Japanese company and Wizardry no longer see's the light of day in the Western world."
,Recommended,245450,32405048,Posted: 14 June,all,Bill Shatty,"Its really good. Best Character creation system in any game. The only thing I dont like is the spell ""Turncoat"" Which can turned the Overpowered Samurai against my Priest and Lightning Strike him for his whole healthbar. Dang Horses."
76561198027931341,Recommended,245450,3832983,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Nostalgick,"My favorite game, and the best dungeon crawler to date. You won't find an experience quite like this anywhere else."
,Recommended,245450,29611877,Posted: 31 January,all,bagels,This is an excellent example of one of my favorite genres.
76561198054387451,Recommended,245450,32008994,Posted: 27 May,all,Kuolema,"Another all-time classic for me.Played it for hours and hours back in the days.Intense party-making dungeoncrawler action with kinda gory graphicsand a (for me) confusing story-line but well balanced hardcore gameplay and hours of F.U.N.First-person DC to it's best and a lá Lands of Lore.Just test it for yourself. Definitely the best part in the series!A ""Must-Have"" for classic RPG/Dungeon fans!"
,Recommended,245450,7974050,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Blakeyrat,"Great game, for fans of the turn-based RPG genreStory Summary: The third of the Dark Savant trilogy, this game begins where Wizardry VII left off. Your party crash-lands on the planet Dominus, and is soon confronted by the servants of the Dark Savant, who challenges you to retrieve the three artifacts: the Astral Dominae, the Destinae Dominus, and the Chaos Moliri, place them at Ascension Peak before the Dark Savant can ascend to Godhood.You create a party of 6 characters (plus up to two hired guests) from 11 races, 15 classes. You can customize each character’s portrait, and assign them one of 18 voices. Or, you can import your save game from Wizardry VII, and continue the story.This is what computer RPGs looked like before the genre was taken over by dungeon diggers (like the Diablo series) and single-character real-time RPGs (the Elder Scrolls series).Pros:* Parts of the game have aged remarkably well—despite being made in 2001, it runs natively even on 1080p monitors and works with modern 3D video cards (despite its hilariously dated 3DFX logo on startup.)* Huge world, huge number of races, huge number of classes, multiple beginnings and endings make this a highly replayable game. I've been playing this game for literally years, and still haven't experienced all of the content in it.Cons:* Random encounters can be badly-paced and repetitive. (Especially the plant monsters around Trynnie area, making even just moving from point A to point B a chore at times.* Lack of in-game help text makes the manual a necessity. (The manual is available on Steam; you might consider printing it out for reference.)* Alt-tabbing from the game can sometimes cause the game to lose keyboard control. (You can sometimes solve this by hitting alt-enter twice in a row.)Things Modern Gamers Might Have Issues With:* Difficult: even by 2001 standards, this was a difficult game, even on the “easy” setting.* Graphics: while the graphics engine can display at 1080p, the models aren’t any more detailed than they were in 2001. Some monsters (slimes and spiders) look very good even by modern standards, others (humans) look blocky.* Not all of the dialog is voiced.If you’ve played and enjoyed any of the Ultima series, the Might and Magic series (before they became strategy games), or the modern indie game Legend of Grimrock, I think you’ll enjoy Wizardry VIII."
,Recommended,245450,13875698,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rabbit,"I can't even express how much I love this game. It kicks my♥♥♥♥♥ It makes me cry. I still haven't beaten it because I keep trying new parties to see if I find that magic key that works for me.But I really really enjoy it.One of the biggest draw is the party creation, in which you get to select semi-animated character portraits and select from a variety of personality based voices. Your party members speak quite a lot, usually as a way to notify you of things that've happened or are happening in game, and it really makes your party feel real. Try getting to level 12 with a group and not care about all 6 of your party members for reasons other than tactics. If you can do it, you're heartless.The other thing I love about it, is from the perspective of someone who hasn't completed everything yet, it's such an interesting world to explore. It's not quite what you expect and it always feels like there's more around the corner, and it's worth it to just spend some time cautiously poking around.As a comparison to another game, Legends of Grimrock, I consider LoG a dumbed down half broken crappy version of Wizardry 8 with much prettier graphics. WTB Wizardry 9."
,Recommended,245450,9120056,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,[SIN] Kryadan,Fun game but for me it is unstable and crashes or does not open very often.
76561198007075700,Recommended,245450,10158528,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,NatsuGG,Epic :) Nothing to add
,Recommended,245450,19952392,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Seschwa,"Booted game up, fiddled with settings, got it running well.Watched intro video.. I'M NOW STOKED. YOU MEAN THERE'S ALL THESE MYSTICAL RACES AND♥♥♥♥♥♥ BUT THERE'S SPACESHIPS TOO?!Made party.. I have a talking husky.. IN SPACE! This is going to be AWESOME!Started the game up, to witness the full glory (at this point I'm highly caffeinated, and up too late, and way too excited over SPACE HUSKIES.. IN SPACE. Tempted to roll a party comprised entirely of talking dogs). I got about an hour into my first adventure, when I picked the lock to a door and encountered a King Crab.Two of my party members were butchered by the crab while I struggled to realize how exactly to control my characters. I immediately exited to read the manual. 142 pages of photocopied vintage gold.--------TL;DR -- Read the -ing Manual -- and ROLL A PARTY OF TALKING SPACE DOGSI'm way too stoked to play this in the morning. I'm pretty sure the next two months will be me playing Wizardry and ignoring all of my friends -- and probably, to be honest, my family."
,Recommended,245450,26868255,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Robot D. Sandro,i love it
76561198087818237,Recommended,245450,25419690,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,nomad,Best and last in the greatest rpg series of all time!
,Recommended,245450,14184367,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,mullins.zachary88,"additing, been playing it since it first came out and the cd broke and finally i have it down loaded thanks to steam and my adition continues"
76561198054958212,Recommended,245450,14988912,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,jrduvall,One of the most enjoyable games I have every played.  The combat system is fantastic.
,Recommended,245450,1176125,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Rabcor,"This game is gold! It's a piece of history! It's a godlike game. No rpg fan should miss this game. It can't be compared to any RPG i've ever played, but i like to compare it to FF7 because this is essentially the Western Game Equivalent of FF7. In my mind both games are equally epic and share the first place among my favorite RPGs of all time. (2nd place goes to morrowind and 3rd place goes to Dark Souls, gives me a nice and even amount of Asian and Western games in my top 3. since my top 3 is essentially 4.)The game has the most perfect, smooth turn based combat system i have ever experienced in a game. Truly masterful, and fun!It has one of the most fun Character Creation systems in gaming since you can make up to 6 characters for a single playthrough.It's soundtrack is perfect.It's setting is perfect. A mix of sci-fi and dark medieval fantasy.I almost jumped out of my chair when i saw it brought to steam, and didn't hesitate for 1 second to buy it again (also got 6 and 7 because i'd like to play this games predecessors)For a personal rating lets see.Overall 9.5/10 (All things considered. that's what i'd rate it as, very close to perfect)-Graphics (For it's time) 10/10 (Perfection)-Graphics (For now) 5/10 (still enjoyable to an extent)-Gameplay 10/10 (Obviously i think that, i can't describe it in brief either. It just is.)-Soundtrack 10/10 (It does everything a soundtrack is meant to do, and does so well.)-Voice Acting 9/10 (Very solid voice acting. And yes pretty much every npc is voiced)-Controls 8/10 (You can survive this game using only the mouse, except for dialog boxes where you need to type. You will get used to the controls very fast but that does not make them good, however you will not use most keyboard shortcut functions i suspect. only keyboard for movement and mouse for combat, but if you learn to use the keyboard shortcuts for combat it can be a great asset to speed up your fights)-World (Layout) 8/10 (It is very open and unexplored at first, but once explored once, it usually wont show you anything new except maybe a chest you didn't notice before or something like that. Also for an open world game, the maps in it are surprisingly linear, this is not bad however. It helps you know where you can go to continue)-Story 8/10 (I have not finished it yet because i just wasn't up for that difficult task. But from what i have seen, it's story is quite good, good enough to get you immersed in it. But it doesn't hold anything new that i hadn't seen before unless maybe the end which is unseen by me. I feel the 8 does it justice.)-Hardcoreness 10/10 (Think, Dark/Demon souls or Witcher as examples of hardcore modern rpgs. This game stays very true to being an RPG, It's got difficult fights and a learning curve. (For example mob spawns are mostly not levelled like in most modern games) It's very dark fantasy which in itself is a part of being hardcore. The game has every bit of hardcore Witcher or Dark souls offered me and much more.)-Fun 9/10 (I really love making characters and custom teams in the game (or any other), it's a huge part of my love for it. Then once in game i love progressing and leveling up, it feels like so much happens, but levelling gets very slow after a certain point at which you've still got ways to go to finish the game. The only thing that dropped the fun from 10 to 9 was that i've felt the need to grind for levels in the game occasionally. But this in itself is reasonably fun sincei ti s challenging)-Value 10+/10 (Yes i'm saying that this title i wouldn't have hesitated to buy for 30$ today. and in it's own time i didn't hesitate to buy it for like 50~ish. This game has as the trailer stated roughly 200+ hours worth of gameplay. You're not gonna miss your money, it tastes better than any hamburger, it gives you more fun than any movie ever could. Look at all the awards the game has!)Conclusion: MasterpieceIf you like RPGs, buy this and play this without even thinking twice. Kudos to Night Dive Studios for bringing the best titles back from the dead!Update: That's how the game is anyhow, but Night Dive's version of the game (this version) has a lot of terrible issues that make the game hard to run on Windows Vista and up, (I have a guide on how to work around it but sometimes people try everything in it and still can't get the game to run). Therefore I would recommend the GOG version over this one since it features the original unadultered version of the game and none of the issues that Night Dive introduced, and after years have still not bothered to fix."
76561198040532093,Recommended,245450,34059154,Posted: 6 August,all,ymo1965,Fantastic Old School RPG. Classic in every way. Recommended highly.
76561197963005821,Recommended,245450,136446,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Scrubwave,Best dungeon crawler ever made.
,Not Recommended,245450,20338982,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Srass Salarfang,"Buy it for the nostalgia, buy it because it's a fun way to waste an afternoon, but don't buy it for the Mac port.  There basically isn't one.  They just threw Wine at it and called it a day.  The game supports resolutions higher than 800x600, but you'd never know it if you ran it on a Mac.  It comes with 3D setup programs for Glide and DirectX7, but you can't run them from OS X, so there's no way of knowing what resolutions Wine might support.  Hand-editing the text file with common resolutions just fails.  For the best experience, you're going to want to run this under Windows."
76561198000464418,Recommended,245450,11843710,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,gargamell999,"RPG dungeons and giant sea turtles,  8 people in a group and lots of magic to throw around.  i have put in over a thousand hour s of game play in this game.   best part of the game is having to kill a monster called briket.  there are a few places in the game where the diolog should go a few steps farther, but all in all it is a great game."
76561198095310142,Recommended,245450,10225978,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,breezere4,Greatest RPG ever made!
76561198015819675,Recommended,245450,12047605,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Filthy Peasant,Simply one of the best RPG's ever made.
76561198110431990,Recommended,245450,8417031,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,StevenYJTsai,NICE GAME
76561198104575736,Recommended,245450,11121552,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,leucis,One of the best RPG I ever played. Any old gamer will love this one
,Recommended,245450,10374114,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Hatchet,Walking simulator.
76561198057809284,Recommended,245450,8441793,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,APoCaLyPSE NoW,One of most interresting RPG.+ strategic phased fighting system+ nice rpg system
,Recommended,245450,13926855,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,BigPaw 420,I used to watch my Dad play this game and i love it. Now that its on steam and im the age of palying games its a great game. Only problem is when you die on ♥♥♥♥ING ELEVATORS.
,Recommended,245450,14440254,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,bOneR bOOb,"-11/5Convinced me to get that high frame rate Falcon P.C. for my mlg gaming. Now all of the elven maidens are around my D, As in D i mean my D-20 ;) ;)."
76561198008114102,Recommended,245450,23028362,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,carlpi2000,My favourite game in 30 years of playing.  I love the character development system and the battles are very interesting.  Can happily replay again and again with new class combinations. So ahead of its time.
76561198008995639,Recommended,245450,11042197,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Syger,"Haven't played it much from steam since i already have another highly modded version of it but wanted to support it all the same since i have, in fact, spent countless hours playing it.Still, hands down the best old-school rpg's of its kind. The character customization, combat, magic system and difficulty set this game apart from most others and it has some pretty solid music tracks to set stage for epic battles. A multitude of races that all have their unique strengths and weaknesses along with a great selection of classes that all rely on seven primary attributes (strength, intelligence, willpower, endurance, dexterity, speed and senses) which somehow all manage to be relevant at least in some way to every class.One of my favourite things about this game is that you can make up a party of 6 adventurers from scratch and by the time you are done, they all have personality. One thing of note about this game is the amount of lines of voiced dialogue from you party members.In any given battle they will be shouting out about being hurt, landing killing blows or getting poisoned and the like that really immerse the player in what is going on in the battle, all the while doing so in the personality of the voiceset you picked. While this may not seem new, the sheer amount of things they will comment on gives enough variety so it always seems to add to the situation instead of being repetative annoying drivel. MANY games have attempted to give the freedom of character creation and maintain a level of personality and have failed. This game does not, and considering it has some of the most in-depth of its kind that is fairly amusing.The only thing about this game that hasn't held up well over time is the greatly outdated first gen 3d graphics and a mediocore story (mostly due to limited interactive npcs). This game is BEGGING for a remake/facelift and someone would stand to make a LOT of cash in doing so."
,Recommended,245450,31589876,Posted: 6 May,all,Boomer simpson,Buy this game ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245450,30883242,Posted: 1 April,all,Nigerian Scammer,OKay if you like rpg's just buy the F##cking game
76561198162421659,Not Recommended,245450,34823978,Posted: 8 September,all,Tobbstah941,"Its a great game, I played through all of it but then at the end when meeting the dark savant and your supposed to go into the portal to the cosmic circle, it just loads.. cant get there :( took me so long to get there and now I cant finish it feelsbadman."
76561198004173499,Not Recommended,245450,34415649,Posted: 22 August,all,Taear,"I'm a huge fan of Might and Magic, playing every one of them but being one of the few people who like the later games (6, 7 and 8) the best.I bought Wizardry because when I was younger I remember it being a big deal and I knew it was the same sort of game as Might and Magic. Can't go wrong with that, right?It turns out that you can. I wrongly assumed that since Wizardry was a little newer than Might and Magic it'd control better, work better. But instead it's like playing a game in molasses.I'm seven hours in and I feel like I haven't done anything because every combat grinds on for ten minutes while you sit twiddling your thumbs and it auto plays out. It's boring. I understand the character depth and that you've got so many choices in theory beforehand but the actual execution of those choices isn't exciting for me at all."
76561198025014100,Not Recommended,245450,22039288,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,kennfusion,"This review is a thumbs down, but for technical reasons and about the Mac version.I have a late 2012 27"" iMac which should have run this just fine, but something about the wine wrapper they are using is not working right. It loads, but then flickers in and out of wine and back to the desktop when trying to play. So unfortunatly, I cannot recommend, even though this is one of the great RPGs."
76561198063022643,Recommended,245450,12372785,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,magna,8.5/10
76561197985331412,Not Recommended,245450,22362544,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,lazer59882,"I can't in good conscience recommend this game. The combat is ridiculously, mindnumbingly slow, and this game has a tendency to throw dozens of enemies at you at a time. Inevitably you'll wind up backed against a corner against 10-15 enemies. It's not particularly difficult, (ASIDE from Arnika Road) just time consuming. The interface is a strange mix of mouse and keyboard inputs with no real rhyme or reason to which controls what.Unfortunately, this game is completely devoid of atmosphere, with orcs and goblins rubbing elbows with spaceships and computers. It's all very poorly explained and random looking.The character creation system is incredibly deep however, and everything is very well explained with modern-looking tooltips all over the place. I appreciate that, but it couldn't save a mediocre game for me."
76561198072913540,Not Recommended,245450,33977684,Posted: 2 August,all,VaughnVeneratio,Can't play it for some reason. Windows 10 isnt liking it
76561198153956434,Not Recommended,245450,16766879,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nevasith,"REASON FOR NEGATIVE IS BASED ONLY ON THE TECHNICAL ASPECTS OF THE GAME ON MODERN PC.Avoid this game if you have a modern computer. Starting it up is a nightmare - tends to crash for no apparent reason. Seems to hate my multiscreen setup and graphics card which shows itself in the form of starting once in a while, while refusing to start again for the rest of the day.Possibly great RPG with awesome story and world, but it's slightly difficult to enjoy it when you never no if it will start or not.CONCLUSION:get this if you have access to an older computer that can run it with no issues."
76561198268450911,Not Recommended,245450,26743290,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,myors,dont buy dosnt work
76561197993212045,Not Recommended,245450,20595251,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Bowmark,I remember the Wizardry games being much better than this.  The RNG is TERRIBLE.  I never hit and they always do.  Spells never hit either.  Waste of time and money.  Buy a new game that is built right.
76561197964851376,Recommended,245450,8449481,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Wingnuts,This game is ultra gay
76561198014670275,Not Recommended,245450,16282895,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,johncolgrove,It's an ok game but it's really annoying that I have to force close steam in order for steam to recognize that I quit the game.
,Not Recommended,245450,13205877,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,"it's the last of a kind for a nostalgic crowd, upgrades are tedious"
76561198159554993,Not Recommended,245450,13366367,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Eylside,the game doesnt work for me.
,Not Recommended,245450,15648033,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Seeker,too slow for me :/
76561198001522719,Not Recommended,245450,30520793,Posted: 15 March,all,DK #1,"RNG too easily hacked to feces.  You attack- you miss! You attack- you miss! You attack- you miss! You attack - you miss!reloaded the same fight against under level mobs 10 times to progress because the RNG is hackable and something hacked it.I thinK I would beat the game faster using a DOS 586 pulled out of a trashbin, hunt the original game discs off ebay down and then install, play, and finish the game there than right here, right now on this machine.  Games with hackable RNG's should not be released or should be patched to address the issue."
76561197966217106,Not Recommended,245450,12988194,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,StealthAirman82,"Game wont run on my laptop, and Steam doesn't have the answers I need to fix the problem. Furthermore, I was able to locate a hard copy of the game which runs just fine. Steam makes it very difficult to return purchases even if the game WONT ♥♥♥♥ING RUN. Do not buy this game, you'll likely have better luck with it running if you download it off some share site somewhere.To Steam people: I will not purchase anymore of your content until you let me return this game that I can't use."
76561198030174016,Not Recommended,245450,28549635,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Helghast Agent,"Played it for an hour on the day i bought it, liked it, it looked great with so many choice in character creation, lot's of fans saying it's a great game.Following day it does not want to load up, i got a awesome gaming rig can handle any game out now.I tried everything to get it to run, nobody on the community forums had any help to give either.Someone actually posted a Guide for getting the game to work, like that's and actual thing for this game, people have issues.Nothing in the guide worked, so i went ahead and refunded this.Kinda upset i couldn't get it to run, it looked decent, just bad programming really."
76561197973749954,Recommended,245450,17116616,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Stihgnob,"Great game, worked for me with no issues on a 2nd gen i5 and windows 7. Very adictive gameplay with emphasise on party developement."
76561198031538705,Recommended,245450,17214111,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,johntheobscure,"This has some charm and depth as an old-school CRPG. However, it is ultimately crippled by tedious combat mechanics. It is still weird enough for me to recommend it, but with the caution that it is best suited for gamers who can view this boring combat as a form of meta-challenge; I do not, and I did not continue.For old-school fans, there is fun to be had in the kooky character background and class options, the stat-tweaking galore, the deep party-building, the non-linear play with many story options, and the offbeat NPCs. The voice acting is quite good and it all makes up in novelty what it lacks in graphics.There is not fun to be had in the combat. The turn-based combat is not difficult in any engaging, strategic sense. It is simply slow and boring, even with a continuous-combat option. A single combat can easily last over 10 minutes of hack-slash-repeat. Much of this is because the game predominatly uses large groups of monsters, each moving in turn-based fashion. Other factors slow it further. AOE magic is typically quite low-damage; there is good CC, but never any quick mass-kills to clean house and move on. Your party has to move constantly, again in turn-based fashion, into extremely close range to hit with melee weapons, while enemies inexplicably do not. You cannot disengage from combat by running away or having enemies run from you; so if you Terror the enemy, you may have to wait a long time for them to return while you sit there, turn by turn. And there are many unavoidable fights, especially as creatures respawn in narrow roads, tunnels, etc.Overall, I enjoyed the rest of the game and explored five major areas of it. But I finally gave up on this one night after an hour of gaming that consisted of walking about 1/4 mile on a road, and engaging in three unchallenging combats and one NPC conversation. The convo was about 5 minutes, the walking less than that. Do the math on how tedious the combat is. And looking down the road, I saw yet another mega-mob coming... No thanks."
,Recommended,245450,13605029,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Princess Ronald Reagan 💟,"Seriously, without a doubt, one of the best RPGs I have played in a long time. Especially for being a game that was released 15 years ago, by a developer that shut down right after it's release.It's kind of like if you took the original Everquest engine, added actual questing, made gameplay turn-based like the old school RPGs, but with an open world to explore, and decent voice acting. That's this game. The story continues from Wizardry 7, which was release eons ago. Which was also a direct follow - up to Wizardry 6. The entire trilogy spans well over 25 years which is insane for a video game (well minus Super Mario and all of course).I'll end this by saying, this is the game that Might & Magic 9 wished it could have been. And who ever has the Wizardry license now, need to take notes from this game... not that damn Anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they made of Wizardry Online. Ugh what a disgrace."
,Recommended,245450,13978582,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ben The Dingo,OLD CLASSIC RPG EVERYONE MUST PLAY THIS GAME ONCE IN LIFE
76561198017214047,Recommended,245450,3087408,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Bufo,Behind FF6 this is my fave RPG of all time and the definitive CRPG of all time in my book.  I have replayed this game 5 times over the last 10 years and am excited to finally see it on Steam!
,Recommended,245450,14020103,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,eevil.auntie,"With various technical issues, slow battle mechanics and dungeon crawling with old-school difficulty levels this game is not everyone's cup of tea, but I love it for the multitude of character building options and the story which combines sword-and-sorcery with space opera. Everyone's talking about the characters they've made so allow me to introduce Mo the Ranger who is basically a very sarcastic Wookie armed with a blunderbuss. I also have an ex-ninja female bard who never fails to cheer me up with her brooding aggression and unquenchable bloodthirst.My Steam playtime is low for this game because it abruptly stopped working several hours in, and for some reason the only solution was to move the exe file outside the Steam directory. After which it has worked fine, but I haven't a clue how much game time I've clocked in. A LOT, in any case. This game is very addictive."
76561198009379161,Recommended,245450,15773640,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Vibe,"Wizardry 8 is a game from my childhood and was very pleased to see it was available on steam, so far with 40 odd hours of game play and no bugs yet so it gets a thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,245450,15559003,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Wardancer666,"This is an old game, but besides the dated graphics this game is awesome."
76561198170944626,Recommended,245450,14441329,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,rxman1975,"Wizardry 8 is by far and away my favorite game and rpg of all time. I played it when it first came out in 2001 for weeks on end.  The game is fantastic and huge even by today's standards. The only thing that dates the game is the graphics (which still aren't that bad). If you love old school RPGs where it's about character building and what to do on each turn on combat (not just hack and slash) then you will love this. I do recommend looking at online guides for help there is one onsorcerers.netthat is still there from when I played them game but with updated you tube videos!!! It will help you find the good stuff (excaliber, light sword, light shield, fang, etc...) that you may not know even existed but make it so much more fun. Good luck!!!!!"
,Recommended,245450,15971218,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,tsevahn,"A great, original turn based combat system and customization of a group of characters are the core of this game.There are some truly epic combats in this game and evolving your party is a real pleasure.Be aware however of the ugly 3D graphics that do not age well at all (the first screenshot for example is a crab...).Exploration is first person in real time but this game is all about long, intense, hard turn based combats where you control a full party of adventurers. This will be a turn off for some (felt as a grind) and a sweet joy for others. You can like the story or not but the fact is that you will spend most of the time in this game doing combat using a very special first person turn based system. Combat takes place in the same first person world view as exploration when enemies spot you and are close enough or when you decide to turn on combat mode. At first, it is difficult to understand the combat system and how it works, but once you get the hang of it (or read the manual) it is truly amazing. Turns are simultaneous, meaning you first choose an action for each of your characters (or keep the default one), then click ""end turn"" and see what happens (both your party and enemies will act according to their initiative, some actions may be cancelled or become useless depending on what happens and when). In first person view you never see your characters in 3D but there's a combat formation pane to position your group of characters (you can change during combat as well costing a turn to involved characters): it affects which enemies you can reach in melee depending on your weapon and the position of the enemies, and vice-versa. You can also move the whole group during a combat turn but it can prevent some characters to act for this turn. Positioning does matter in this game, and it's not at all like a simple turn based rpg where you just choose an action and a target for each character one at a time. There are also AoE items and spells, you can choose spell levels at your own risks (a spell may frizzle or even backfire if you're not skilled enough, on the other hand you can always choose a lvl 1 version of a spell for lower mana cost and safe results).There is also the characters creation system with A LOT of races and classes to choose from, more than any other RPG I know. You can make a party of 6 characters or less (plus there are 2 guest slots reserved for story NPCs). The levelup and skill systems are great. Once you have enough XP, you levelup your characters when you want outside combat (you can pile up levels even): you invest points on stats and skills and spells, separately (each have their own points so you don't have to sacrifice one for the other). Your skills and spells also improve by using them (in and out of combat).Improving your characters is a real pleasure in this game and it feels very rewarding, never limiting or frustrating.Honestly, I'm still looking for another game with these features and I don't find it. Plus the way your characters portrait talk and react to things in and out of combat really gives personality to the adventure (without cut scenes and long dialogues). You even choose your character's portrait, personalities and voices for various hilarious results (and you can change those anytime during your adventure)."
76561198116699589,Recommended,245450,13680567,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Morgan Rogusta,"If you're simply trying to waste time and not stress about anything, this is the game for you! It's so easy, you barely have to think! There is a little reading involved though, so don't let it catch you off guard. Happy relaxing!"
,Recommended,245450,13772381,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Decoy Crabtipus,Wiz8 is awesome and one of the best RPGs I've ever played. Do you like classic dungeon RPGs? 'Cause there are 'retro dungeons' just for you. If you're more into modern RPGs Wiz8 has more immediate story events and stuff do do than Wiz6/7. If you ever liked any classic dungeon crawls or Etrian Odyssey you'll prolly love Wizardry 8.
76561198000074721,Recommended,245450,13726397,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rokaz,"One of my all time favourite games. I usually complete this and MM6  once in every year because they are so much fun to play. I  still remember the first time playing Wiz8 because it was so hard and sometimes it seems extremly difficult, but it is only if you have a bad party setup and new to mmo-s, but once you are set and now how it works it is a lot of fun. I can totally recommend this game, and if you difficulties to play it use ""Flamestryke's"" website to get some help or read playthroughs."
76561198007497376,Recommended,245450,19684210,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,FIRAT,Perfect
,Recommended,245450,19701444,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,empiretest,...the publisher even scanned the 135 page paper manual! Bravo!
76561198200192485,Recommended,245450,20017871,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,tbouhome,Great game. Enough challenge and game kept it interesting.
76561198052554580,Recommended,245450,22761282,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,daschus,"8.5/10.   This is a pretty great game in terms of plot, dialogue, loot, action, and the whole CRPG package.   It doesn't feel dated, even though it is, which is a bonus in my book.  It gets a knock off for having no tutorial - it took me more than half the game to learn how to move and to inspect traps - and a half a knock for turn based combat that sometimes goes on too long due to the sheer number of mobs/npcs involved or it initiates five times while you're three feet from the door and just want to go inside.  (At one point, I left the combat running while I made and ate lunch and when I returned, combat was still going.)  Otherwise, I recommend it for people who enjoy story-based RPGs.Pros:-Story-Music-Characters-Loot-Plenty of walkthrough/advice webpages still around-Graphics don't seem dated even though they areCons:-No tutorial-Combat sometimes make you cry from length"
,Recommended,245450,22790860,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,give the dog a gun,"As a new player going back and playing Wizardry 8 for the first time, I was blown away by the character creation, and just how much variance in parties there is. I feel, already, like I could play through this game like three more times and not get bored of making new setups to take through the game. The personality system gives characters breath, and as silly-on-purpose as the plot is, it's an amusing, relaxing, balanced RPG that I'm glad I picked up. (Also, unlike most games like it, you can totally learn how to play wiz8 just by /playing/ it, not reading that stinkin' manual first)"
,Recommended,245450,22836569,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Necro Philiya,"Ahhh, the good old days... Ultima, wizardry, zork, castle wolfenstien, doom! This game was great when I first played it many many years ago and having re-played it not to long ago, I can say that it is still very fun, challenging, with plenty to keep you at you PC all hours of the night. If you have a soft spot for the old days and want to take a 300+ hr down memory lane, then for the price of a value meal you can pick this up and re-live the good old days. For the price, pleasure, and playability, I rate this as on of the best games all time. Solid 10"
,Recommended,245450,22783633,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ian,"I just got this game on sale after reading the glowing reviews.  I was not tured on by any of the marketing they are doing with it; it looked old and decent at best.So far, I am seriously enjoying it and I can imagine that it just gets better.  It's hardcore, but still enjoyable."
76561198053916066,Recommended,245450,25826867,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PRIDE AND TRUTH,"I played this many years ago when I was supposed to be in school.Let me just say, it has never been so much fun, to get so stoopid.See, I can't even spell stoopid!!! hahahahahaIn a nutshell, this game tickles my big, sloppy, RPG bone. =)"
76561198014093421,Recommended,245450,27427197,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,trasalongtail,"This game is down right classic that I would recommend to anyone who loves RPGs.Features:1. hours upon hours of game play.2. A challenging atmosphere, where you don't know if the next group of creature will kill you.3. awesome customization for the time.4. all characters have voices including your own.5. dynamic conversation system giving you the ability to type what you wish to say.6. Turn base combat with option of continuous combat.7. and whole lot more.If you haven't tried it, you should ^.^"
,Recommended,245450,27739328,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Daniel Valiente,"Please disregard the 0.2 hours played: I played this game for hundreds of hours back when it was released in the early 2000s, and I've bought it four times altogether (a version in my native Russian, a hard copy from Amazon, a GOG version, and one here on Steam). I still give the game a run every year — though the GOG version runs better on my machine. Wizardry 8 is my second most favourite RPG of all time (after Morrowind).It is an old-school party-based RPG: you can have between one and eight characters in your party, with the range of six and eight being the standard, and there are fifteen classes and eleven races to play with. There is no artificial limit to the possible combinations, so you can try all kinds of characters, be they wacky and gimmicky or not. Each character is excellently voiced; there are 18 different voices/personalities for male RPCs, and as many for female RPCs, not to mention  the mercenaries you can hire. Each is quite distinct from the others (for example, there is a New Age dreamy kind of girl, an aspiring writer, a warlike battle-maiden, a conceited know-it-all), and the amount of dialogue and remarks is staggering. Listening to your characters' comments is one of the best things about this game.The main feature of Wizardry 8 is almost non-stop turn-based combat: you have to fight most of the time; no location (including the cities) is devoid of monsters. Some fights can be quite impressive, with your party being outnumbered four to one by creatures several levels higher (hey there, Rapax Castle!): such battles take a lot of thinking and adapting your tactics as the battle keeps on flowing.The skills in the game are numerous: there is a dozen or so of combat skills, six schools (""realms"") of magic, ""expert"" skills that you can only get by getting one of the primary attributes to 100, and supporting and miscellaneous skills. You can multi-class, creating amazing hybrids to better slay your enemies. The array of monsters is equally impressive: there are dozens of types of enemies, and hundreds of subtypes (say, the more generic ""android"" archetype comes in several variations — ""troopers"", ""slashers"", ""gunners"", ""berserkers"", and others). Each type of enemy requires a different approach: some will overpower you with magic if you let them; others will force the members of your party to attack each other; still others will rip you to shreds at close quarters if you let them close.The setting is unique: it merges sci-fi with its spaceships, light sabers, and earth-to-air ballistic missiles (that you get to launch at people you don't like) with the more traditional fantasy elements, such as dragons, ghosts, and dwarves. And you've not seen it all until you've had your elf blast demons to smithereens with a rocket launcher.The plot is not that impressive (though it's far from bad), but you don't play this game for the plot — you play it for the combat and the open world.The difficulty comes in three levels, which fact will make the game manageable for everyone — provided you are careful and don't act like you are death incarnate. In this game, it's easy to lose a high-level party if the enemy gets a jump on you, along with a bit of lucky RNG. There is also the Ironman mode, wherein your save gets deleted if your party is killed. You can change difficulty at any time, but you set the Ironmade mode before you start playing.I highly recommend this game if you don't mind dated graphics and slow-paced gameplay. You can find fan-made patches and widescreen support mods on the interwebs."
,Recommended,245450,27714463,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zyablitsin,Best old school RPG
,Recommended,245450,31034663,Posted: 9 April,all,Griffildur,"This is one of my all time favourite RPGs.Complex party creation, infinite replayability, just try different party combos, try a solo ninja, or a dual party, or multiclass 3 or 4 times to get the perfect solo character.The game is difficult, the positioning matters, how you build up your characters matters and the story is very good. Voice acting is very good."
