user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,245470,12827139,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Republican Healthcare Bill,Everytime I manage to give everyone free healthcare and education while simultaneously running a surplus I get assassinated by capitalists. Best America simulator out there.11/10
,Recommended,245470,12733635,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Hapi,"After a close call I entered office of the U.S of A. with my party, The Sixth Division.  I immeidiately raised the army and police forces arming all officers.  My ministers and liberals resented me for this and so I replaced them all with hand picked fools to run my government. At this time my popularity was low. I then made the death penalty common for small crimes and made sure all police officers were armed with submachine guns. I then saw that a group called the Black Power Group were starting to hate me and so I passed a race discrimination act making sure rascism is illegal. I then made joining the army mandatory and increased the borders and spy networks to the maximum. After surviving five assasination attempts from the socialist party thanks to my secret spy network, the ""Hapstepo"" a group of black extremists broke into my office with machine guns killing me and everyone in my party and on my board.  Very, fun. 10/10 Great game!"
76561198018183748,Recommended,245470,10495188,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Spadge,"After a landslide election victory, my party, ""The Fourth Reich"" set about creating a dedicated fascist state in Britain. It was somewhere around the time I introduced mandatory national service, dismantled the Health service completely to fund my secret police, and forced creationism on my people that I began to start enjoying the game. After careful consternation, I conducted a total purge of my cabinet of those who were unsympathetic to my cause, resulting in most of my ministers being reckless incompetents who couldn't tie their own shoes, let alone conduct public office. With hatred of my party running at an all time high, I decided to appease the populace by cutting income tax. Unfortunately, in order to afford this tax break, I had to also cut education funding, resulting in my popularity decreasing even further with the unwashed masses. Shortly after, I was assassinated by members of the Wildlife trust, as my disastrous environmental policies that I brought in to encourage the exploitation of Britain's natural resources resulted in an epidemic of mad cow disease.I then restarted and began The Fifth Reich. 10/10."
76561198000356262,Not Recommended,245470,8014058,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,alexgoss7,"I've just come to the end of my third term as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, producivity is at an all time high, there's trillions in the bank and the Tories have been all but eradicated. Not to say there haven't been troubles along the way; the boost in productivity, along with my relaxing of border controls caused an enormous influx of immigration, which in turn lead to racial tensions, riots and the development of ghettos.In many areas, the depth of Democracy 3 is staggering, it just seems such a shame the in other areas it just feels so lacking. All that immigration, the riots, the ghettos, didn't actually change my population, didn't increase the number of poor people in my country and didn't harm my popularity. The opposition had nothing to say either, they just quietly resigned. My ministers have no discernable personality, they have sympathies and desired jobs which affect how well they create your political capital but do nothing themselves, there was no pressure on the welfare minister when my country was ridden with ghettos, my foreign affairs minister had nothing to say when an British island was invaded in the pacific.Elections, also, lack any real depth. No build up, nothing of opposition policies, no campaigns, no debate no tension. Just a bar chart on polling day and that's about it. No electoral map, no fighting for seats, only ever two parties. For a game with such a strong cental simulation it lets it self down in the details and doesn't inspire me to play any further.All in all Democracy 3 is fun for a while, but is too easy and lacks the depth throughout to justify the £18.99 price tag. For a fiver I would say it's worth a pop, but at the moment just feels too much about moving sliders and not enough like leading a nation in the world.For me to buy Democracy 4 it would need- Multiple political parties with clear political agendas.- Far, far more in depth elections, facing difficult questions from the electorate.- More personality from ministers and opposition parties, maybe a touch of ""Yes, Minister""- More international involvement. No other nations are mentioned at all."
,Recommended,245470,18948153,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Narwail,"I pulled America from its crippling debt. I created a balanced economy where homelessness was practically eliminated and crime was at an all time low. Technology was flourishing and production was the highest it'd ever been. All of the political parties finally seemed to find a final compromise under my rule. Obesity, asthma, pollution... All brought to end through my reign. We had begun to embrace the golden age and I was ready to lead the charge toward progress.I was assassinated because I didn't invest enough money in the Church."
76561198093857731,Recommended,245470,12794385,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Eastern Orthodoxy,Fixed America's economy and repayed all it's debt within 3 quarters. Come on Obama.
,Recommended,245470,12370578,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sotha Chill,Made a racial equality law and was assasinated by Black people.10/10
,Recommended,245470,16322417,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Seekredemption9,-Started as America.-Had huge debt.-Got rid of hated polices.-Got out of debt.-Assassinated for ruining the country.-Restarted as America.-Had a bit of debt.-Got rid of every policy.-Turned America into a crime ridden place.-Made lots of money.-Got re-elected with 100% vote.10/10 Would ruin the country again.
,Recommended,245470,17461215,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Jadarma,"OverviewDemocracy 3is a government simulator and an internal politics simulator. You step in the shoes of the leader of a chosen country and administer it, change taxes, modify the enforcement of a current law, introduce new ones, or remove them altogether. Every action you make has its consequences, be they good or bad. That is up for you to decide. How will you runyourcountry?Pros:Very In-Depth- Even though the interface looks simple and clean, with almost everything being just bars and icons, don't be fooled. There is an enormous amount of micro-management that goes on behind the scenes. Everything you do has a chance to change something, by a calculated, statistical margin. Every group of citizens has thoughts of their own, and the focus group gives you an incredible view of each persons thoughts, opinions, and political affiliations. There are also numerous charts that are automatically generated each term, that show you different things like income, expenses, rise or falls in certain areas such as crime, unemployment, or healthcare as well as what policies or events affect them and by what percentage. I am impressed of the level of detail that went into this simulation.Lots of Choices- This game operates by making, removing and modifying policies. And there are loads of them. How you change these policies affects how your country works, and the level of customization is great. Will your schools teach Creationism or Evolution? Will you favor Oil or Clean Energy? Will you fight crime or promote it? Will you set taxes on product categories? Will you offer subsidized services such as transportation, education and healthcare? It's up to you to decide - all that by adjusting sliders!Beautiful Interface and Decent Music- The gameplay aspects may be complicated, but the interface is not. Everything is beautifully labeled, and divided into categories, and the interface is clean, minimalist and very intuitive. Navigation is a pleasure and the nice ambient music provides a relaxed atmosphere for you to play in. Everything is color coded, charts and other analytic data is easy to read, an overall great interface.Sandbox- In a simulation game, this is a must, and Democracy does follow the rule. You can alter the game settings to your will and change aspects such as what kind of governments your country has, if you can make changes based on your political capital, if you are prone to assassination attempts by opposing extremists, if voting is compulsory or not, whether or not you can be the victim of natural disasters, how long your terms are and how many terms are you allowed to have and many more. You can choose if you want a challenging run in order to try and save your country, or a relaxing dream of the perfect country.Steam Integration- The Workshop is a great place to lengthen you play time, as people are creating numerous policies, country presets or other mods for the game. The Trading Cards and Achievements are also nice incentives to play more and try out new play styles when managing your country.The Cons:No External Relations- The game mentions foreign relations lots of times, but does not quantify it. You don't know which countries like you, which don't, and how that affects your own.Generalization- It sometimes feels like you are running a city, not a country, because the stats you are given are averaged across the population. You don't have things like reports based on certain areas, rural or urbane, poor or rich towns, reports on counties etc. This is mainly because you can choose to run one of several countries, or make your own via the workshop, and that individual statistics like those would be harder to manage and calculate, but it would have been a great feature that would make this the ultimate political simulator.DLC that should have been free- I will start with the disclaimer that I do not own any of the DLCs, but from other reviews and reading their description, I'm not inclined to pay money for them. Sure, they add a few very interesting concepts to consider into the game, but are not so major they require an extra payment.ConclusionThis is by far one of the most complex and interesting text and charts based game I've played with enough replay value to start as a sandbox enthusiast and end as a well-read political analyst. I recommend it to anyone interested in politics, or moral decisions in government policies, and who want to play ""god"" with their fictive version of their country. Although, considering the price, I'm kinda on the fence on this one. It is really enjoyable but I wouldn't pay the full price for it. If you are not convinced you'd enjoy this game, wait until a sale. I got my copy for 4,53€.If you enjoyed this review and want to see more of my work,consider joining my groupandfollow my curatorpage! Link to the right!Jad's List - Curator Group"
76561198049611306,Recommended,245470,10484682,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,CT11610,Legalised abortion and got assassinated by nuns.7.5/10
,Recommended,245470,12883076,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"Engaging // Best Suited For The Detail-Oriented+ Incredible amount of depth+ Sound bites are enjoyable, and not so prevalent that you become annoyed+ UI, while at first daunting, allows for tons of functionality; the minimalist design is crisp and visually pleasing+/- The occasional large decisions that must be made at the end of the turn do not display possible effects; it's not made clear what kind of impact your decisions will have- Tutorial was a bit lacking, and might turn some people awayLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,245470,10589376,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DrabTShirt,Was assassinated by a black power group for treating everyone the same and not giving black/enthnic minorites special treatment.10/10 for realism
,Recommended,245470,12331422,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ducky,"I broke Canada, got re-elected, and my biggest assassination threat comes from a group of nuns."
,Recommended,245470,12707845,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,"Cyber Cyber, Cyberest of Cybers",Accidently turned the UK into a techno-athiest-communist paradise.11/10
,Recommended,245470,13625686,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Democracy 3 is a turn-based strategy game stripped down to its barest elements. Think Civilization V but without the world map. Democracy eschews almost all visual flare in favor of numbers, charts, and graphs. As a government simulator, it makes sense that most of your time is spent pouring over facts and figures, even if that seems to fly in the face of video game logic. It also makes sense that you never actually see the people you are governing. They are problems to be solved: approval ratings, social malfunctions, tax revenue. You never see the drunk or the homeless but know they exist because they’re no good for the bottom line.Assessing your nation - France, Germany, U.S., Australia, or the UK - takes place on one of the most convoluted user interfaces I have ever seen. More than five dozen bubbles litter the screen, broken up into different colors and key sections such as Tax, Economy, Law & Order, and so on. White bubbles represent policies, blue bubbles provide data on the impact of those policies, and red bubbles are situations requiring your attention.Changing a policy requires political capital which is refreshed at the start of every turn. Making a big decision requires more capital, so you won’t be legalizing abortion and removing the cigarette tax in a single turn. Political capital is used to institute new policies in the same way. Adjusting those you start out with is interesting, adding more of your own is even more fun.Experimenting with policies creates a ripple effect on your constituency. More than twenty groups of voters dynamically react to your decisions, raising and lowering your approval rating. Members of your cabinet might also become disloyal and need to be replaced. Radicals might even try to kill you.As a government simulator, Democracy 3 does a remarkable job. Its presentation and wealth of data truly makes you feel like a world leader.For every moment of fun strategizing and eager anticipation there was an equal moment spent wishing the experience was more user friendly. I felt like a president, just as promised, but I was also reminded of why I would never want the job in the first place.Democracy 3 is a game for the politically-minded. It favors substance over flair. Some players might love the added analysis required for each turn but others will find it wearing out far sooner than it probably should. The denseness of Democracy 3’s presentation is its biggest barrier and it leaves one wondering why: Was this really the best way to deliver what, at its heart, is so similar to games like Civilization? For this iteration, it seems so. If you are willing to climb the hill and submerse yourself in numbers and graphs, this might be the game for you. If not, it is probably best avoided."
76561197962839456,Not Recommended,245470,8616090,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,TSKing,"While this is does act as a very basic simulation of the many policies and group affiliations found in politics, the fact that it lacks any randomness and produces predictable obstacles for you to overcome makes this a one-time play through that would offer a few hours of interest... for $25.Basically the game is this. You create policies, and they are always passed. There are never any obstacles that interfere with your political decisions, even if the world hates you. The policies have a linear and very calcuable effect on the different voter affiliations. Sometimes they have consequences. You pass other policies which counter-balance those consequences. Ta-daaa! That's it. Once you hit a nice stride, you just keep hitting next turn until you end the game.Why don't you set your difficulty higher???With my difficulty bar set high, using one of the most difficult countries in the game (USA), I had no political opponents, no groups that wanted to interfere with me, nobody to say ""No"" to the policies I would try to pass (as saying No is not even a mechanic in this game. Obama would love it.) My entire cabinet could be made up of Socialists and I could repeal every Socialist policy in the course of one day and no one would stop me or tell me otherwise. That... is where this game falls dramatically short. And also your cabinet does not randomly generate, so you end up with the same stuffy people every single playthrough.That said, the developer does seem to make lots of changes to the game, and he may be receptive to feedback. If this game was $5, I would highly recommend it and even take it upon myself to offer constructive feedback. But paying top dollar for a game that feels like it belongs on a flash website leaves me bitter."
,Recommended,245470,9020561,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Cliff Excellent,"Wow, running a country isn't what I expected. Rather than killing badgers and being insulted by the Daily Mail like a real politician, I spent my first few years as Prime Minister removing the country of all crime. Surprisingly, this worked. Only it turns out that the selfish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ public wouldn't vote for me until I fixed things like equality and massive horrible poverty, the greedy whining ♥♥♥♥♥.But hey, I managed to pull that off pretty okay, just barely scraping through the election. All was going well, until people started to ask how I was going to pay for all those extra police and terrifying murder drones I'd use in my war on crime. Turns out I couldn't, and was forced to raise taxes to a horrendous degree in an attempt to maybe pay off some of the debt, but before I could manage that I was murdered by capitalists.Politics are hard.But anyway, it was only a few attempts later that I managed a 20-year long run as Prime Minister, winning landslide victory after landslide victory as I turned Britain into a socialist utopia. After fixing every problem ever I got a bit bored and tried to create a facist dictatorship, but instead I eradicated poverty by mistake. Woops.Politics are easy.So I guess the point of this stupid ramble is that it may have gotten pretty easy pretty fast but at least it was interesting."
,Not Recommended,245470,7787590,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CzarTim,"You really play more of a democratically-elected dictator whose only real limitation is ""Political Capital"" -- a currency used to enact policy change. For example, raising taxes costs a great deal of capital, while lowering it cost less. Capital refreshes each turn. The large problem with this system lies in the fact that the capital cost does not scale with the amount you change a policy. Raising taxes 1% cost the same as raising it 70%. This makes the process seem trivial.In addition, because there is no Congress or Parliament to negotiate with, there is little strategy involved. The core gameplay revolves around moving sliders around and watching numbers change. In real life, an attempt to introduce universal healthcare would involve a bill which included both the funding for health services and accompanying taxes to pay for it. Here, the process would take several turns since I would need to use up my political capital separately on each individual part of the process.The result is a remarkably shallow experience. No trying to get the votes for a bill to pass, no negotiation, no managing the media. Even the sliders can sometimes feel incomplete -- you can't individually control the income tax for different income levels. The core of the experience is seeing how the programmer thinks the nation would react to different numbers. I can't help feel there could be more to it."
,Recommended,245470,11360255,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Chubs,People hate me no matter what I do11/10 would play again
76561198112402927,Recommended,245470,12730833,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,durlstonp,"First impressions aren't great - this game has so much depth that the interface can be very confusing. The tutorial helps... a bit, but the best trick is to play your first game on 50% difficulty. After that, you will understand the mechanics of the game  better and can dive in with gusto again and again. And you'll want to do just that. After all, everyone knows that politicians are self-serving idiots and that we could do a better job armed with nothing more than common sense, don't we? You can build a fairer country or guarantee jobs for all. Rapidly though you find that running a country is more like weaving and pulling one thread taut will cause something else unravel unexpectedly. The game balance is great, nothing feels random, just complex. With numerous countries to run, each with their own problems and opportunities, plus workshop expansions, this game just keeps on giving. All the depth of the best of the SimCity game, without the unecessary graphical frippery."
76561198124896492,Not Recommended,245470,18927718,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,grimesblueberry,"I love strategy/sim games, but Democracy 3 gets very, very, very, very, very, very, very repetitive. About 12 Random Events exist, and they keep recurring. Overall, the recipe for success is very similar across the game, whatever the country.The game makes a big point of having modelled individual citizens, but this really doesn't come up as part of the gameplay, since you're dealing with populations of millions, and the point is to make broad-strokes decisions with data summaries.The real challenge is winning your first re-election, as it gets far easier after this. The assassinations are a joke, and the most inexplicable thing I've seen in a game for a long time. Switch them off.Not worth full price; maybe worth the on-sale price"
,Recommended,245470,13141063,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Eathren,Sponsored the space shuttle program and accidentally wiped out religion. 11/10.
,Recommended,245470,32163996,Posted: 3 June,all,Admiral Johan,"I said ""flags on streetcorners"" and my people thought I said ""lynch ethnic minorites""10/10 would win by voter extermination again."
,Recommended,245470,18284594,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Punished Konami,>boot up game>select Australia for new game>game crashes during loadaccurate/10
76561198116900513,Recommended,245470,23755930,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,MeleeMeistro,10/10 would leave the EU again.
,Recommended,245470,12390113,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Arcadian Del Sol,"The question between liberal policies and conservative policies, and which one is actually the right solution is finally solved in an understated and minimal game. The answer is: it doesn't matter because you're going to be assassinated. The only question is, will it be the out-of-work stock brokers or the angry unemployed black seperatists. Doesn't matter - you're dead.The game is fun, but truth be told, I think Im actually playing an excel spreadsheet with a very snappy UI."
,Recommended,245470,7515921,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Berthordin,"Being a person interested in political philosophy and economics I could not help myself getting excited about Democracy 3 release. The earlier version of the game ak. Democracy 2 was well known, and critically acclaimed as best aviable real state governance simulation, so the expectations about new release in the series were set pretty high.Luckily 'Democracy 3' does not fail to meet them, by refreshing old gameplay and adjusting it to current world situation. For those who did not have a chance to play 'Democracy 2', what we get now is a game centered on governing some pre-set countries just after being elected for our first term. The game does not only cover impresive (and still groving) number of policies and decisions spanning from most obvious ones like setting taxes, or managing public services to much less common, but still possible gov.-made decisions like state-founding a space program, or introducing creationism theory to schools.What's important to point out, is the fact that our decisions does not hang in some kind of mythical ether, but rather influence and 'are' actively influenced by the only sovereign present in model democracies - the people. The simulation of those people, or ""the voters"", is definitely the strongest point of the game. Every person in the country is represented, with their needs, loyalties and political views categorized into some main social groups. What makes this system realy cool is the fact, that just like in realy world every person can be a member of more than one group, reacting diferently to many introduced policies, so it's not something unusual to see a groups of commuting, eco-friendly socialists on one side, and motorist, conservative capitalists on the other, acompanied by some liberal state-emplyees who also happen to be patriotic.So, as You see, satisfying all those groups may be a little challenging, buy one could ask 'why the hell do I even need to satisfy anyone' ? Well that of course is up to You, but the point of the game is getting re-elected, and You can't do it with the support of more than one social group in the begining. Of course You can slowly press on society through clever policies encouraging flow of the people from one social group to another, but this of course can not be completed in just one term, so until You'll be able to realize Your vision of a true utopia supported by pretty monolithical society composed for example of commuting, eco-friendly capitalists, You may be forced to make some realy hard decisions, and even cross Your initial ideals only to barely slip into another term in the office.Last thing requiring attention is the large amount of criticism, that centered on a called 'left-bias' in the game, openly promoting liberal/socialist views on state and economics. Unfortunately to some degree this accusations are true, with some brighter examples being 'no-gun control policy' resulting in rapid increase of 'violent crimes', or 'science founding' and 'space program' policies resulting in more and more people giving up their religion. But despite such minor flaws, there is nothing right in quite common accusation that You ""can only win this game while playing socialist"". It's just not right because the game gives You liberty to play low-tax, passive 'minimum state' and still come out victorious, with most of the population satisfied. The trick is to know the right pace for the changes, 'cause initialy, in most aviable countries, the population of state-depandant voters is just way to high to accept any radical 'laissez-faire' policies.Overaly 'Democracy 3' is definitely best state-governing simulator out there, and for quite some time it'll be. With a huge and active modding community, and acces to steamworks, it's also getting more and more complex, while alowing players to experiment with the game, being extremely fun for those strugling to create virtual environment suiting their vison of a real-life Government."
,Recommended,245470,18463616,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,It'sSoBlue,"-Tax the corporations-Ends poverty, crime, ghettos, pollution etc.-Makkes America a utopia-Big corporations hires assassins to kill me10/10 would tax Donald Trump again"
,Recommended,245470,23511259,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Minnesotagamer,Balanced the U.S budgetGave more money to schoolsReached minimal unemploymentcut taxes for the middle classDecreased military fundingGot America to go greenAssinated by the Capitalists12/10 Would fix a country just to get shot again
76561198065643445,Recommended,245470,13670091,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SCREAM2NIGHT,"gave tax cuts, paid off half the debt, everyone had jobs, no crime.Did not get re-electedHuge Military police, rose taxes to cover enormous Debt interest, C credit rating.Got Re-electedBest Government Simulator 11/10"
,Recommended,245470,16944446,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Nuc_Temeron,"Democracy 3, much like Europa Universalis 4 and Crusader Kings 2:- Presents you with an initially indecipherable mess of icons,- Has you spend loads of time paused while trying to figure out what action to take,- Takes some time before the gameplay appears,- Allows deep customization of your nation late-game, based on earlier long-term decisions,- Eventually becomes totally enthralling and wonderful.I think that many people bounce right off of this game because it's not flashy and there's no grand map with color-coded overlays. It's also exceptionally boring to watch / look at. That's unfortunate because it has excellent gameplay and I think it deserves attention.The interface is exceptionally good, conveying extremly complex interrelations clearly. Making a decision often has a butterfly effect across many elements of your nation, which you can clearly trace and understand. Every menu is useful and every turn is a struggle to decide which choice to take. After a few hours of analyzing bubbles and arrows you are able to deeply understand your nation's character. I recommend all the DLC as well. The game is extremely stable and only crashes when mods conflict. Speaking of mods, there are many nations on Workshop that have very unique gameplay compared to each other. Playing as Turkey is quite different than playing as France, for example.Recommended for people that enjoy grand strategy nation building games, but people that demand high-paced action will hate it."
,Recommended,245470,13117544,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,[32nd Cpt] gurudennis,"Oddly enough, this one is not about invading oil-rich Middle Eastern countries.Successfully ruling a country means juggling hundreds of factors in an effort to satisfy most of your citizens and evetually get re-elected. The trick lies in somehow dodging the very real possibility of running your country into the ground by failing economically, socially or politically, which despite the rather clear interface and streamlined mechanics is no easy job. Extreme failure in navigating the political landscape can even get you assassinated, which I believe isn't even the worst outcome, all things considered. So there you have it, Democracy 3 is a remarkably complex yet approachable game designed to challenge your gray matter.P.S. I will not get in political arguments. I will not get in political arguments. I will not get in political arguments. I will not get in political arguments. I will not get in political arguments. I will not get in political arguments. I will not get in political arguments. You get the picture."
76561198113138627,Recommended,245470,31757228,Posted: 14 May,all,Vladimir Lenin,Step 1: Get electedStep 2: Establish CommunismStep 3: Win landslide victory in reelectionStep 4: Everyone is happy and you will never loseConclusion: YOU HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE BUT YOUR CHAINS; VOTE COMMUNIST
,Recommended,245470,12343131,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,booney,Made my dream Nazi Party then moved on to govern Australia. At the end of my last term I banned Gay marriage. A couple of minutes later my character was killed by a gang called ''The Lost Gays''14/88
,Not Recommended,245470,19480069,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Tik,"It's too simple. There are two parties (yours and the opposition) and that is it. There's no struggling with the legislature and judiciary, no real international diplomacy or anything approaching a crisis, and no constitution at all. As the American President you can entirely ban firearms on your first day in office with no issues whatsoever. It's incredibly shallow in that respect.The other major issue is that it's all heavily Americanized, with a few British elements thrown in too. Every country plays exactly the same, just with different starter demographics. In the game Germany has two parties, despite predominately being governed by political alliances between parties that could be extremely interesting to manipulate. France on the other hand seems to have completely lost its status as a semi-presidential republic and given all of the prime minister's powers to the president. There's no element of local or provincial politics for any nation either, the US, Australia, Canada and Germany are ruled by a powerful central government the same as the UK or France.Really, there's no need to have more than one country. The rest are just skins to swap between. A properly differntiated system in each state that mirrors their own government would have been fantastic. The US trying to balance the constitution, struggles to control congress, and the power of the states themselves could have been amazing. The UK trying to keep it's separate nations together. The struggle between the president and prime minister in France. None of it appears at all in the game.The UI isn't great either. It too is heavily simplistic. You have to remember icons to find important policies, which also move within their section, and alter them. It's not a horrible thing, but it does slow everything down considerably. To enact a policy you have to open the relevant screen, get a rough idea of how ""pleased"" people will be and the costs. But you can't even see who exactly will be pleased or displeased with a policy until you have enacted it. You could push a group over the edge unintentionally and be assassinated for it, all because even vague details aren't shown until it is enacted.That's why I can't recommend this game. In reality, there's very little content. The same few events popping up over and over again. The same UI problems leading to unintended consequences. The same country with a different flag each time you play. I feel like in a perfect world with just a few changes I should have been able to recommend this, which makes it all the more sad that I cannot."
76561198086053881,Not Recommended,245470,18203481,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,zPyrrhusIlTaccuinoMagico,"Overpriced. The achievements don't feel nearly as significant as they should feel. People will only like you for what you implement, not for what you accomplish. You eliminate crime and poverty, nothing seems to actually change in the game, it plays the exact same as it used to play before. How? Did people just not notice that at all? How can they just not care about that? Assassination plots are also silly, but the fact that eliminating problems has no actual consequences on the way you play is terrible. Also, it only has a two-party system, which doesn't make lots of sense since it gives you more than one playable country. It doesn't just make the game less realistic, it also makes the game simpler, you don't have to make deals or anything, it's all up to you. But, as soon as you lose an election, you lose the game and can't get elected again. It's like your party dissolves and the other one rules for eternity with no opposition ever. Democracy 3 isn't a very good game."
,Not Recommended,245470,8905921,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,coolhand,"I definitely had fun with this game - for about two or three hours - but it's not worth the current $25 price tag. At $5, okay, perhaps. But I just simply don't see much replay here, particularly since I earned more than half of the achievements the first time around. Also, I question their algorithm. Maybe I have a lot in common with the creators, but I simply governed the way that I would personally want to have the country run - and consistently got 97-99% of the popular vote. It was never even close. That seems a touch unrealistic, given that some of my policies were pretty drastic (full ban on guns, legalized marijuana and LSD, ban on creationism taught in schools, massive taxes on all fuel/junk food/tobacco, maximum subsidies to public transport). Sounds like utopia to ME, but I don't think everyone else would agree."
76561198277262396,Not Recommended,245470,24966074,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Owlshoot,"There's a good game in here... it just needs a lot more added to itThe first couple of games you play are fun, but once you've experimented with different policy layouts there is very little difference between games. No matter which country you start with, you'll inevitably find your way towards implementing similar policies, because they don't offer any variation apart from starting position. The political cost for changing gun laws in the USA and Australia IS EXACTLY THE SAME despite starkly different opinions across both populations.Assassinations are far too frequent. Of the six countries present in the game, I think there's been one successful assassination in the past 100 years. This game will have capitalists shooting you for raising slightly raising taxes or have the religious hunt you for teaching evolution. It's completely unrealistic and there are better mechanics that could be implemented if the game wants to punish players for deviating from the political centre (greater opposition party funding, turnout at elections)Elections are dull (I've not tried the latest DLC), but there are only two parties. Your opponents have a name, but no idealogical background. Your own party is completely unified and presents no opposition to your agenda, however radical it may be. I'd really like to see this combined with something like Political Machine 2016, where your government's achievements could be used to campaign heavily in given states. I know this would be difficult to do for each country, but something more is needed.The measure of your popularity is completely ridiculous as well. You spend most of your first term with popularity below 15% (no matter what you implement). The final few turns before the election it will always rise to somewhere between 40-60% for no reason at all. If you're running a mildly competent administration, then you should have no issue achieving 80%+ popularity in your second term. There is no country in the world where voters are this fluid.There are a lot of policy options, but not enough. I was quite disappointed that you couldn't actually run as a communist, or suspend elections, imprison political opponents etc (things that would actually warrant targeted assassination attempts.) Even some more moderate, contemporary issues such as basic income, plain tobacco packaging, political donations, mining taxes weren't in the game.The implementation of policy is a bit clumsy too. Although using political capital sounds a good mechanic in theory, there are times such as global economic disaster where governments have to respond quickly with drastic measures. Using a global economic collapse as an example, you could spend two turns building up capital to raise income taxes, two turns to cut health funding, another two turns to increase unemployment benefits and state housing, by which time 1.5 years have passed and the global recovery is well and truly underway.I really wanted to like this game, I really tried. If you're just wanting to mess about with policy, then it's average. If you're looking for a political simulator, with campaigns, internal party politicking, parliamentary/congressional conflict (which would be a lot more enjoyable and offer a lot more replay value), then it fails."
,Recommended,245470,32225782,Posted: 6 June,all,RelaxedGamer,"- Plays as America- Institutes Mandatory Labor- Funds Intelligence Networks- Bans teaching of evolution- Purges Atheism10/10 Would make Ted Cruz paradise again.For all you dumbasses out there, I have no problem with evolution or atheism, some of my best friends are atheists.  If you can't tell this is a joke go see a specialist and get your IQ evaluated."
76561198120480401,Recommended,245470,14138284,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,evanmccoy,Banned guns and then got shot by liberals.10/10
,Recommended,245470,7846501,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,dylnuge,"Since I'm interested politics and government, I can't deny that the idea of a political simulator appealed vastly to me.My first concern was that the game was going to too blatently support one political ideology, whether or not that ideology works. Of course the creator's political biases do come into the game, and not every action behaves identically to how you might expect it to work in real life, but after several playthroughs I can say with some confidence that you don't always have to follow one particular ideology to have a chance of winning.The game does a great job of creating a diverse grouping of people. Your actions have not only an effect on how certian groups feel but also on their prevelance within your country. This means slow changes usually lead the way to victory—immediately legalizing all drugs and banning the teaching of evoloution in schools will make your populice angry, but doing it over time will allow you to potentially increase the percentage of liberals and religious members in your country. Each citizen belongs to multiple groups—every decision affects the group the same way (for instance, all parents dislike lowering the drinking age) but this is balanced since it's not as strong of an effect on a liberal parent as a conservative parent, for instance.That said there are a couple major flaws. The first is that ""winning"" isn't very fun at all. You can get to the point where in every election you get 99% of the vote and the other party basically doesn't exist—by looking closer at the numbers instead of your personal beliefs, this is actually not too difficult to do. The fun of the game comes mostly in screwing up and being voted out or assisinated, and watching how some things go horrificly poorly. I abandoned most of the games where it seemed like it would never end (I was playing without a term limit, so I'd been Prime Minister for about 400 years at that point).The second major flaw is that while most things don't have an odd, clearly ideological-biased, effect, some do. Don't ever enact Luxury Goods Tax if you don't want your economy to collapse when a ""Brain Drain"" causes all of your intelligent and talented workers to leave the country. Similarly, legalizing drugs is likely to cause major drug addiction problems which wind up needing more police to counteract (this is especially fun when playing as the US, where one would hope that legalizing drugs at least initially eliminated the cost of the DEA). This wouldn't be so bad, but enacting policies that aren't already in place doesn't give you any access to the numbers, forcing you to guess what a policy will do before enacting it and dealing with the consequences or spending even more political capital, the currency of the game, to revoke it.The third major flaw is that the country differences don't matter as much as you'd hope, and in some cases make you want to change the options. The biggest change is the starting position, based on the creator's understanding of the political situation in the non-UK countries, which isn't so bad but as I mentioned before with slow changes you can shift a country from basically any starting position. Other differences (like whether or not you have earthquakes or a monarch) are actually mostly just there to decide whether or not to mix additional random events in. Term limits are pretty pointless since a term is short (it's 16 turns, where you slowly see the impact of your changes starting to take effect on each term) so you'll probably turn them off for the countries that have them. On a more minor note, it's very odd that you can start some countries (like Canada) with less than 50% of the vote were the election to be held today, since one assumes at the very beginning of your first term you just won the election.However, none of these flaws totally break the game in my opinion. Some are more annoying than others when playing, but once you get the hang of them, the game really starts to shine. It's a lot of fun to fail at making a perfect government, and a really great political simulator in a world where that's not a very common type of game. You probably already know if you want this game. If you have no interest in politics or government, you won't enjoy it. But if you love politics and government and want very badly to play a political simulator, Democracy 3 is well worth your time."
,Recommended,245470,13062078,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,"Koltis_is_thicc,nut",If you can make capitalists and liberals happy at the same time then you are a based god.
,Recommended,245470,15117942,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Lunaril,"An interesting, turn-based political simulation game. With thousands of components all interconnected, one decision could have consequences such as, being the target of an assassination. This game is great for those who like to spend time tinkering with different choices to see what the outcome will be, but other than that it is nothing more than a basic turn-based political simulation game, with limited visual interplay and a text-heavy content. This would probably be more for a niche player who already enjoys similar types of games."
76561198085717853,Not Recommended,245470,15331262,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Yun,"Very interesting, but incredibly overpriced. If you're interested, I highly recommend buying this on sale."
,Not Recommended,245470,13635430,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,yon.lazar,"The only possible explanation for the tagline ""The most complex political game ever made"" is that Democracy 3 creators did not play many strategy games before. This game is actually pretty easy once you catch the drift and the progressive political bias, and you can get from any starting point to 90% and more on elections day.Economics are simple and redundant. Some policies are significantly better than others, and might have nearly none negative effects. Ministers do as they told, factions might be angry with you, but you can push and execute any reform without any substantial resistance. No corruption, no one undermines you, no operational issues. Government can solve every problem efficiently in a pen stroke, given enough months. You can even educate all population to accept your agenda within a few years.Yes, the decision making might be more complex than most strategy games. You have many options and lots of things to consider. However, for a game that decision making is its ONLY feature, I would expect a less simplistic mechanism. 25$ is extreme over-pricing."
,Recommended,245470,13639033,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Kerejack,"As soon as I repaid all Germany's national debt, had the top health-care and best education, Capitalists threaten me with overthrowing my government.Then I got assassinated by LiberalsBest government simulator9/11 would treat Capitalists as♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561198037413692,Recommended,245470,13516940,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Secretly Trump,Step 1: Lower income tax by 0.1%Step 2: Get shot by the black community because you are a racistStep 3: Try not to cryStep 4: Cry
,Recommended,245470,14151998,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pontus,"I introduced the death penalty, banned divorce and homosexuality and forced all newsreaders to sing the national anthem in Britain.10/10 would UKIP again"
76561198022183485,Recommended,245470,13289087,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mistyfur,Starts as USABegins enacting balanced policiesCredit rating goes downRageBegin enacting conservative policiesCredit rating goes downRageLiberalNopeRageDebt crisisWelpRestartGet credit rating decreaseRage and enact every religious policy + creationismCredit score AAA10/10 Nuns can into economy
76561198236161770,Recommended,245470,26479637,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,HappyZombies,"This game is fun, buy it when it's on sale. The only downside is that you kinda have to either go full liberal or socialist to win easily, but if you go conservative or nationalist it can be hard but it is doable. Do what I did, get rid of immigrants ( I had 0 immigrants ) and they won't complain! Have fun!"
76561198060745076,Not Recommended,245470,29904649,Posted: 13 February,all,Claire Underwood,"I'd give this game a 3/10 for the following reasons+ Great interface and general view. Lots of interesting problems and policiesIt's easy to know what you're doing even though ther's lots of info to handle+ Easy to learnNot so difficult to understand what's going on from the first hour or so- Fantastically poor economic and political theory1. Liberals and Social democrats are NOT the same thing, almost every policy in the game has them mixed up.Just because the Dems in USA call themselves liberals doesn't make them that, they are Soc. Dems. mostly now.2. Free trade is the centrepiece of liberal foreign policy yet they're angered when you sign a FTA?3. Taxes on the general population don't affect economy(income tax and sales tax) even though they should by affecting consumption and thereby investment.4. Liberals like a lot of the things they should dislike and dislike what they should like or are indifferent to a lot of things they care about in real life(ex. gated communities, child benefit, dip. service etc.)5. Capitalists should approve of policing and strong legal framework because of the enforcement of contracts and protection of the right to ones property6. GDP has a maximum limit, replace it with GDP growth instead.7. Labour laws are bundled into one policy instead of several like Min.wage, retirement benefits, safety regs. Would make for a much more realistic labour-regulation game8. Poor people, Rich people, poverty and the different income levels don't have the correlations they should have.9. The cost of change made to policies is not changed by the magnitude of that change(ex. raising income tax rom 40 to 45% has the same cost as raising it to 65%).10. Electoral system is rudimentary at best: implement plurality, proportional etc electoral systems to better reflect the different countries. Coalitions would be nice too. Winning elections is waaay too easy. Also reflect what offices are and are not elected. This is especially important in the US.11. No constitutions(ex. tightening gun law is as difficult in GER as in the US)12. Legal framework should be improved with things like Legal certainty, expediency and equality.13. Capitalists dislike a lot of things they shouldn't (ex. disability benefit)14. No ability to regulate/unregulate economy properly(ex. credit, banking reserves, monetary policy overall[combine with the unelected/elected offices problem] managing trade, private/public debt, housing[ex. rental apartments keep people poor by not letting them invest their rents as they would do with mortgages] etc.)15. Public services are a part of the economy16. No party ideology(ex. it should be impossible for socialist parties to ban trade unions or drop labour laws beyond a certain point). Also you should not be getting votes and happiness for things that were already there from the beginning.- Strangely calibrated effects of some policies1. Agricultural policies have to be recalibrated so obesity, food prices, incomes and costs match2. Rare earth crisis should be solvable with trade alone(not all countries can mine for rare earth minerals) and should not immediately kill Tech advantage3. Oil economics don't have enough effect4. Migration should be recalibrated5. Brain-drain too easily provoked6. Foreign policy must be made MUCH more complex.7. Many of the problems in this game are only considered problems by certain voter groups and should not be displayed as problems for certain players(ex. playing very nationalist should let you get extreme nationalism as a positive thing)All and all I'd say this game is made by people heavily on the left side of the political spectrum, but without a formal education in neither political science nor economics. Though I usually agree with centre-left views, this game makes it seem like left is the only possible way to go."
76561198069233221,Recommended,245470,16349721,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dank Memes,">Try to create a libertarian paradise>33% approval rating>Liberals assassinate me>Create an authoritarian police state>Ban homosexuality, divorce, belonging to the “wrong” religion, ect>99% approval ratingPolitics finally makes sense to me"
,Not Recommended,245470,12430163,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,King of Titration,"can be ""beat"" in a few hours.You reach a point were there are no problems, you make money and have a large reserve and win elections with upwards of 95% of the vote going your way.At this point the problems the game throws at you are repeating and no threat whatsoever.There will be a market Meltdown every few rounds to try to ruin your budget, but it won't.You can choose which country you want to govern, but it feels like it doesn't make any difference.Examples of this include there only being a two Party system in countries that have a multiparty parliament,also little details like having to deciede wether or not to raise the general speed limit when playing Germany, a country that famously doesn't have a general speed limit.This game can be fun for a few hours, but to me feels unfinished and massively lacks attention to detail"
76561198026256643,Recommended,245470,8625450,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,PunkRockPaulie,"Made drugs and guns completely legal with no liquer tax, why wouldn't I get my second term?"
,Recommended,245470,12789629,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Lorgelran,I got assassinated by Christians just before i removed racism and after i removed all crime.10/10
76561197987128804,Not Recommended,245470,23864546,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mpiechotka,"7/10. While enjoyable there are several big drawbacks:- The game has a big bias toward some things. Apparently in Liberal-Capitalist country no-one minds 50% flat taxes, heavy regulation etc.- Many events repeat themselves and seems to be one-off- The cabinet supporting some groups makes no sense. One minister is angry about not caring about his core group even though I have 100% support and his group has 0 members.- One way of another you play as US. There are 2 parties and no coalitions. Evolution vs creationism is apparently an issue and England and France teaches both at the start.- People are angry and have opinion about you based on what is rather then was you are doing. So you can start with 0% approval rating.- Social engeneering is way too easy. It seems to be rather impossible for a country to get 0 people in some groups just in a few years.I'm on edge but given non-discounted price I'd expect much better."
,Recommended,245470,7743499,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Baron von Rekt-hofen,"Completely ignore the Metacritic as it is obviously made by people who have no real intrest in the genre. A excellent game with a brilliantly designed UI. I have really enjoyed my games of Democracy 3 and top hats off to the developer (Positech Games).  Of course this game is not for everyone but I thoroughly recommend to any Gentleman/lady even vaguely interested in politics, management and strategy."
76561198073572024,Recommended,245470,19242154,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Top Banana™,-Legalizes prostitution-Allows Recreational use of drugs-Trys to outlaw religion-Assasinated by nuns
,Recommended,245470,9110129,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,michaelo,"This game is for you, if you are interested in politics or economy (I am). It's really great! You can feel like a real politican. For me, the biggest fun is making your own-virtual country an taxless, capitalist utopia. Great simulator of politics 10/10PS Our current politicans should play this game... :)"
76561198119279251,Not Recommended,245470,8443219,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,brucenanasy,"The problem with Democracy 3 is that no matter how marginalized a faction, they can still assassinate you. Even though my people were receiving numerous Nobel Prizes, the GDP was very robust, there was no crime or poverty, near zero unemployment, etc. a far-left faction assassinated me because I didn't have enough welfare programs (they were not needed due to such a strong economy and highly educated populace). Additionally, I had an 84% approval rating. Frustrating to the point of stupidity.This game is not about creating an ideal political reality/society through strategy and planning. Rather it is about appeasement which really undermines the playability and enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,245470,8059460,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,warcode,Made a perfect utopia and lasted for a couple of terms and then the regligious people murdered me.This means I won the game. 10/10.
,Recommended,245470,13144472,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SL128,"I made a crime free utopia, and then was immediately assassinated."
,Not Recommended,245470,13604615,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Irritant,"A great idea for a game, sadly let down by a bad user interface and a one-dimensional approach to most issues. Rather than picking between trulydifferentpolicies, every subject is represented by a simple slider that allows you to choose how much money you want to spend and tells you which groups that will make you more (or less) popular with.Occasionally an ""urgent issue"" pops up, and gives you only two (generally radical) options, such as ""allow GM crops"" or ""ban GM crops"". There's no complexity, no incentive for players to actually research the issues and select a realistic policy (ex., ""allow GM crops only after N years of testing and limit genetic patents to X years""). And the exact same questions pop up again and again, regardless of your previous answers. If you're presented with the option to ""lift the whaling ban"" or ""keep current law"" and pick ""lift ban"", in a couple of turns you get thesamequestion (which assumes there's a ban in place even though you lifted it). They didn't even bother to save your choice and reword the question. It's just a button you press to make you more popular with some groups and less popular with others.Even when some issue shows various descriptions (ex., the ""abortion policy"" slider shows some text underneath it that goes from ""on demand"" to ""total ban"" with some intermediate stages like ""require the approval of two doctors"" and ""only under special circumstances""), it effectively still behaves as a basic linear slider. There's no way to select different policies based on how advanced the pregnancy is, no option to consult scientists, no option to launch a public campaign or referendum about it, etc.. It's just a cursor you drag to try to keep your approval bars green.Or rather, in a few cases, thereisthe option to launch public campaigns.... as long as you pay extra, for one of the ""DLC packs"", or (if you're slightly less gullible) install some free mod that duplicates those packs' functionality. Unfortunately, both the DLC packs and the mods are still limited by the shallowness of the gameplay mechanics and the bad UI design (i.e., they just addanotherlinear slider that lets you spend some more money to reduce the negative effects of those policies on your popularity).Then there's a whole section about ""security"", which tells you which groups are likely to try to kill you, but doesn't let you take any measures to fight them; if the ""Union of Church-Going Grannies"" is mad at you for supporting the teaching of evolution, your only option to is to appease them (ex., by funding the teaching of creationism - and the game doesn't even let you pickwhichcreationist myths to teach - or finding some other issue that will push their approval bars up).It never feels like you're managing a country or even establishing a political reputation; it's just a balancing game where you push a lot of sliders to the middle, to try to prevent invisible people from hating youtoomuch.Also, I managed to get all the ""positive"" achievements (approval rating above 98%, technological paradise, crime-free utopia, poverty eradicated, etc.) in my first 4 hours of gameplay, so it's not evenchallenging."
,Recommended,245470,13129594,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,FreeManMeta,Nothing wrong with a little genocide.
76561198005687015,Not Recommended,245470,32210953,Posted: 5 June,all,Crackers,"EDIT: I'm so sick of the insults from apparent trolls. Regardless of some possible inferrances you can make by reading through my review, I'm not advocating Libertarianism here, I'm simply describing my experience with the game as I tried to shrink the size of the ficitional federal government. I'll just delete your comment if it's inflammatory, so don't bother. This isn't the place for a political discussion either, but as long as you don't come off as a petulant child, I'll leave your comment alone. It's a review for a video game. Chill out.-----Honestly, the game is fine for what it is- a simple government simulator. But it has significant problems when accounting for shrinking government and dealing with an unpopular President. EDIT: Just to be clear, before you downvote because you disagree with shrinking the federal government, read the edit at the bottom to see *why* this is a poor democracy simulator.I don't reccomend it because it isn't as realistic as it wants to be. If you're intention is to grow and develop your federal government, you'll apparently do just fine. If you shrink your government and promote privatization or state rights, you'll be assassinated.The problem is the game doesn't seem to account for private businesses or state and local governments taking the place of the federal government in scenarios where you remove/shrink the federal government, regardless of the consequenses that may entail.Additionally, the game seems to be under the impression that assissinations are just everyday things and it's easy peasy to kill a sitting President of a major country.Most recent game:Lower sales taxLower corporate taxAbolish tobacco taxReduce military spendingReduce state pensionsReduce income taxReduce spending on citizenship testsImplement anti-discrimation policyResult:7% approval and the ""Black Power group"" wants me dead. GDP is tanked. Unemployment somehow skyrocketed as I created a better environment for businesses. Can't reduce spending fast enough. Likely would have a better result if I gradually reduced taxes, but in a real-world scenario, I can't imagine why the entire country hated the fact that I was cutting taxes that directly affect their lives while not cutting welfare programs.EDIT: Since this is getting more attention than I thought a review from me would, I'll add this in defense of the game: as far as political simulators go, there aren't very many and this is likely one of the more well made ones (especially with mod support). It's still not a great western politics simulator, in my opinion, but if you're really into western politics and you're willing to play ball with the rules that the game operates under, it's an interesting look at how the federal government works. It's just not as realistic as it seems on the surface.With a focus on American politics, I'll reiterate that this game doesn't account for individual states, either. This is much more akin to some sort of democratic dictatorship in that you can lose elections, but you can do whatever you want without a congress or judicial branch of government. You can disable political capital (which is a sort of currancy to implement/alter policies), and be very much like a dictator.This is all likely part of the problem. If you begin stripping away the federal government, here in America, then states will still have authority to govern themselves (and their taxes and their welfare programs are still under their control) as well as private businesses potentially flourishing without excessive federal tax burdens, but none of that is here."
,Not Recommended,245470,13137060,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,イオ素子,"3/10 Maybe buy if very cheap/on sale and super interested even after this review.NegativeGameplay / In generalNear 100% electorate approval rate, having eradicated religion, poverty, positive budget, while having a space program and various other luxuries, then that as a total beginner at this game and after a 2-hour session on 100% difficulty? Tells you something about the complexity behind.It's not the least my intention to praise my capabilities, which I don't think are outstanding at all, but the game is just too simplistic at its core.The various relationships between policies and their effects are very simple, you just point and click and adjust sliders. The in-depth information provided to you (statistics, various reports) are there for the optics only, after you know what to look out for you are not really spending any time working through something really difficult.Things like banking and housing market crashes somewhat happen based on your policies, but they also do happen when everything is fine. It seems random and irrational. No poverty, full approval rate, overfinanced schools, bus systems, free meals, but you get class warfare?! ... Not that those things are of any challenge...ModsMods are available, they make it a little bit more interesting, adding various new policies and maybe some cause-and-effect relations, but they are not drastically changing anything.InterfaceThe interface looks nice, but other than showing cause and effect relations through arrows across the map, it isn't really practical. Looks > Gameplay in this case.CountriesWorthless. Picking Germany you start with a two-party system (which we don't have) and for example having to make the decision in the evolution vs intelligent design question, which depending on how you answer can♥♥♥♥♥♥religious people off. We don't have that debate in Germany. The only difference probably are some starting values (like tax rates, et cetera), but it's not really tailored in-depth towards the different countries available.MixedIt's lack of complexity make it rather fast-paced, as you can click through your terms quite in a rush if you know what you are doing. The interface though is not very fast, and all is point and click. Still: Probably the game serves well as a 2-hour enjoyment once a week or so, if you just play around trying out various things.------------ Conclusion ------------For a quick 2-hour session from time to time, it's okay, but to spent dozens of hours on this game, it's just too simplistic for that. Wanted something I could dive into, but there a more fun things than diving in shallow water. And as others have mentioned: You do get assissanted ridicolously fast (especially in the beginnig), however after grasping how it works, you can avoid it. Very unrealistic and can be frustrating though."
,Not Recommended,245470,25988638,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,General Evergreen,"I decided to buy this game after watching something YouTubers play it and readings some reviews.  I enjoy political simulation games so I thought that I would enjoy this game.  At first the game was extremely enjoying and fun to play, but after a while and several games it started to get boring and repetitive.  I tried downloading a bunch of different mods to spice things up, but it didn't work.  The game definently had potential but it wasn't what I expected.  It wasn't worth $25 and all of those expansion packs."
76561197968142171,Not Recommended,245470,28133301,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,21Blackjack,"I liked Democracy on one level due to the management and such, the ability to implement policies and alter funding and check population satisfaction rates etc etc.But the reason I didn't like it, is because it's nothing like real Democracy, its like the sort of Democracy that exists in a vacuum, the kind of idealized Democracy that a Politics Scientist would talk about.  Sort of like when people talk about Communism as an idealized form of Government.The Human equation isn't present at all is what I'm trying to get at.  There are no lobby groups, there are no Corporations leaning on you for contracts, the press is completely unbiased and exists in its own bubble.  Your Cabinet members themselves consider themselves public servants serving the public, and are honest and straightforward with their policy opinions.  As if they are all robots.Thats the real problem I have, its that it's some sort of perfect utopia of what people would like the political system to be, but, due to human nature, it never even approaches what is in the game."
,Not Recommended,245470,16429740,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,KrimsonNekros,"While a well designed game that demonstrates the effects of politcal policies and struggles, it is biased towards social liberalism to such an extent that it is almost unplayable with any other sociopolitical system."
76561198054892715,Recommended,245470,9415275,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,SirLordPimpingtonIII,I turned Germany Back to Fascism and Made The U.S. Socialist. Pretty Good Game. 9/10
,Recommended,245470,23878376,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Killerpit20 | Pedda,as german guy i picket Germany- no religious education in the school- invested in education -> every 1-2 rounds one Nobelpreis- high productivity- nearly no poverty- no criminals- invested into BND (BND = german NSA) but just lv over 9000edit: the liberals tried to kill me atleast 10 times and bless the BND i am still the ruler of Germanygot 95 % of the voteseducation is the key to victory
,Not Recommended,245470,33362220,Posted: 7 July,all,imkira,"Even though I think the game should be played by anyone who enjoys simulation games, I found a lot of negative points that kind of ruined the experience of the game for me:- The game feels super linear. There is an option for randomizing initial conditions that improves this, but if you don't play with that, there's basically a very narrow path of choices you need to take to ensure you're not overthrown and win the game.- There is no ""just one more turn please"". You either win or lose, and when you do that's it, it's over.- There is virtually no sense of competition in the game. You choose your party, then some rival party, and thats it. The opposing party first doesn't do anything like criticizing your choices or blocking some of your decisions or something like that. They are just there for the day when elections come and you see the results of the polls. Just that.- Condition for winning: just destroy the competition in one election. Condition for losing: lose any election. This combined with the two previous points I mentioned makes the game very limited for me.- I don't have the Africa pack so I can't say more than that but, the number and variety of countries you can choose from is very limited. With the exception of Germany and France, all others are Anglo-Saxon (US, UK, Australia, Canada). It would be much better to, not just have more countries, but to have different cultures too from all over the world.- I did not find an option for doing ""skirmish"". This is kind of a ""too basic"" feature not to have.- The UI feels preety-ish but seriously, not browseable at all. There is little ""go back"" buttons, it's either you cancel it all and go back to the home screen or you go forward. There's little ability to go backward.- Also, the UI has many traps: you may find yourself implementing NEW policies and burning action points when, in fact, you just wanted to read more about it or check it's effects. Once you enter a specific policy screen for a policy you have never implemented, the policy becomes immediately active. You can adjust it's parameters for FREE but the action points for implementing the policy are immediately deducted. I know you can revert changes for existing policies, but I did not find a way of doing the same for NEW ones.- Also on UI, the ministry selection process is too sad. They do not come to you with advices like in many other games like SimCity or whatever, they're just pleased or displeased based on the agreement between their ""colors"" and the ""color"" of the policies you adopt. Also, in firing and hiring new ones is terribly easy to burn action points when you just wanted to combine them in the best way possible. Once you put a minister in one spot, you can only fire them and put a new one there. It would be nice to have an ""edit"" option where you can commit/apply all your changes only when you're doine with it, and then use the number of points necessary for the requested changes.I had a hard time deciding wether I would check ""recommend this game"" or not.I decided ""No"". The reason is I think this game is clearly hyped and that, since it has been released for a while (I was waiting for it to get cheap to buy it), I feel that it should have already more than room for improving. I would probably not even expect this state of quality even if it were in a new-just-released launch stage, given such hype."
,Recommended,245470,23522914,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Art Vandelay,"At first, I was hestating to try this game due to its super simple interface. Just a few icons and text.(Unike Game Dev Tycon, which provide a basic graphics: your office and etc)After few minuts trying out, I was surprised by the content contained in this game. Various policies, different groups, natural disaster, monarchy and so on. You can do a bunch of things to build the country in your own way. And at the same time, choosing different countries will also give you various scenerio. (in which i consider USA is the easist country, since it have the economic power).After 8 hours or so, it was becoming boring to me, because there are just these policies (or maybe it's because I changed the difficulty to 40%). Then i found there are more things provided by the community. You can add more policies, countries and balance mods into this game.However, there is a limit of policies and coutries available to be selected. And the gameplay is kinda one-dimensional. Overali still recommand this game but in sale probably. You might be bored by these things after 20 hours, so paying too is not really worthwhile."
76561198006276453,Recommended,245470,32226988,Posted: 6 June,all,Gusa,"If you are interested in politics and basic economics, this could be the best game on steam for a casual player. Sure there is games on steam that covers these areas even deeper (like Victoria 2) but Democracy 3 is really easy to learn in comparision and takes far less time.However I strongly recommend modding the game heavily. It's getting far to easy to stay in power forever in vanilla once you have learned the basics. Fan created countries like Greece and Venezuela will make the game far more interesting.Just remember, this is a game not a realistic simulator."
,Not Recommended,245470,13498883,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,mwyeoh,"A good game to begin with, but recomes repetitive quickly once you find what works.More of a spreadsheet than a reactive game and it lacks heart"
76561198096885773,Recommended,245470,13602090,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sloth Jesus,"Played as Canada, removed all crime, reduced unemployment to almost nothing, have one of the best education systems in the world, an incredibly high GDP, oh, and i forgot to mention: Nuns are trying to kill me.11/10 Staple of any people with a desire to run/ take over the world."
,Recommended,245470,22921786,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Hipster™,I was assassinated because I wanted to give mothers paid maternity leave.10/10
76561198023987628,Recommended,245470,26527211,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bryn04,"Created an Egalitarian Society in the UK: the elderly and socialists loved me. Reduced alcoholism, created more social housing, taxed the rich, won my first election by a landslide. 2 turns into my new term got assassinated by an elite group of wealthy capitalists known as The Battenburg Group; memebrship 200. You can't please everyone, apparently.10/10 Would die for my ideals again."
,Recommended,245470,13438157,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Extremely Ordinary Gamer,"For formatting and pics go to:http://wildwoodgeek2.blogspot.com/2014/12/democracy-3.htmlWhat Democracy 3 did Right-A real look in the brutality of politicsNo-one is your friend in this game, and everybody is a whining ♥♥♥♥♥ yelling in your ear what you should do to make your nation perfect changing anything leads to more whining.-Makes you thinkyou can't just do what you want, everything bill, every law, everything, will make someone, somewhere mad or alarmed. You have to make the smallest people mad while making the biggest groups/people happy.-Mod SupportMod support is always a good thing, and Democracy 3 uses the Steam Workshop.What Democracy 3 did Wrong-Everyone solves their problems by killing youMade blacks made? Feminist feel ignored? Cut a guy off on your way to work? Well, they're going to kill you. Everyone for every reason will kill you unless you have more privacy killing security laws, but guess what? Killing people's privacy makes them want to kill you! It almost feels inescapable.-Heavily biasedRacial profiling, Drones in the Sky 24/7, Capital punishment for even the smallest crimes, tank driving, machine gun wielding police officers, and nukes around every corner. These are the things that Ultra-Conservatives and Libertarians want in this game. That's wrong because the libertarian i know pretty much want anarchy.... anyways, in this game every bad  thing is wanted by the Right and everything Good  is wanted by the Left. You seeing their bias yet?Who Democracy 3 is for-People who can distance themselves from their political belief system-People who enjoy simulator games-Socialists-Democrats-ProgressivesFinal Thoughtsif you can go into this game and not get mad everytime you see your political side reacting in a way that they wouldn't, then you should be fine. As a Interracial Conservative, I was annoyed a little by the way they are shown in this game. But honestly i understand why they are like that in the game, because this is a political game and the creator is always going to put their own beliefs into this type of game, even if they don't mean too. Gameplay wise D3 is a tough strategy game and a fun one too."
76561198002933633,Recommended,245470,33737878,Posted: 22 July,all,animalshadow,Canceled Food Stamps - was assasinated by minorities for being racist 10/10
76561198107612956,Recommended,245470,8712871,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,PBR7994,"I Managed to maximise my GDP, Education system & the nations health,I eradicated all crime, all unemployment and all poverty,98% of the population were voting for me,We had no debt at all, and taxes were obscenely low...and the liberals were still regularly trying to kill me...Well, thats politics, can't please everyone..."
,Recommended,245470,22623380,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,toazters,Every time I start doing well and fix the country I get assassinated by black people10/10
76561197967318885,Not Recommended,245470,34742946,Posted: 4 September,all,action9000,"I loved it...until I figured it out.The first few hours were intoxicatingly satisfying as I attempted to balance out all the terrible things that kept happening to me. The problem is that once you learn how to do that, there isn't much game left.It's much less of a government simulation than it is a puzzle game, and a pretty simple one at that. For example, starting in the Canadian system, all I needed to do to build a utopia every time was to implement as many new policies as possible. All of these policies managed to magically create jobs, increase GDP, reduce pollution, reduce crime and prevent any one group from getting so angry at me that I was assassinated.This game is less about intricacy and balance, and more about spamming as many socialist policies as possible until society is ""perfect"". If you do anything else, you'll inevitably either be killed or fall so far into debt that you'll never get out. Not much substance at all, I'm afraid. Love the concept but there just isn't much to experience here."
76561198042028119,Recommended,245470,34354426,Posted: 19 August,all,Comrade Владимир,"*Gets Rid of Poverty, Crime, Unemployment, makes the entire US have 1,000,000,000 IQ, get's rid of the entire debt of the US, and makes the GDP Go through the roof.**loses election by 20%*10/10 most realistic simulator of politics."
,Recommended,245470,31903260,Posted: 22 May,all,Fed L 37,For some reason whenever I try to enact my policies I ether get shot by Black Lives Matter or by Rich People
,Recommended,245470,8943290,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Hamzaz,"Fantastic game, get some economics mods and it's great. 8/10, fun to play for hours on end!"
76561198004315495,Not Recommended,245470,12842670,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,jamesmaturrell,"The series of games build on a great idea, for anyone interested in the idea of political simulators. However, while Democracy 3 is clearly a polished game the central premise is executed poorly.Essentially, your sum level of interaction with your populace is clicking on a screen full of buttons and adjusting some sliders. There are some fairly basic rules and the game throws the odd curve ball but I'm afraid it all became a bit stale and predictable after playing for an hour.Credit to the creators, I didn't hit any obvious bugs, it never crashes, it's reliable... but it just lacks any real depth. It's uninstalled now and to be frank I can't see that I'm likely to sum up the enthusiasm to put it back on again. Largley disappointing."
,Not Recommended,245470,28993662,Posted: 3 January,all,living on cloud 9,"This game is, contary to what the store tells you, a horrible political simulator.The premise of this game is that you run a country and you have to get to know it and play it within the bounds of the political system. Sounds fun, right? Wrong. There is absolutely no variation from system to system, save for term limits in some of the democracies. The Republican proccess and Parliamentary proccess are nonexistant; you're basically an elected dictator in each government. Plus, diplomacy is nonexistant and so none of the diplomacy-related political issues matter in the slightest and are completely arbitrary. Not to mention how some of the choices that can be considered ""non-arbitrary"" are there purely to let you continue with your term and thus also have no real meaning. Political capital is generated at whim, rather than hard-fought and hard-earned in a real democracy, and the decisions, oh boy, the decisions.According to this game:A monorail system increases unemploymentThe economy can crash literally whenever it feels like itPolice drones decrease crime incrediblyIn a democracy, you can completely go against the wishes of your own people and remain in powerPolitical advisors serve no purpose whatsoeverDemocracy is just people electing a dictatorAll that being said, the game does have quite the replayability value for those who like going back and tinkering with each country, fixing it for the better or making yourselfliterally Hitler.RATING: 4/10This game sucks at what it's trying to teach and the way it presents it, but it's fun to screw around with!"
,Not Recommended,245470,26482205,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,King Link,"Such a great idea, but such a bad game.  I like the idea that this is a game based only on policies and it tries to divorce itself from political groups and instead focuses on the idea of democracy.The downside is, I don't know if I got unlucky or the game is just broken.  On normal difficulty, I was assassinated in a couple months.  Nothing I could do in the first few turns kept me alive, except completely capitulating to the black voters (yes it's black voters).The thing is the game moves too fast for the idea of unrest presented, so if black voters are angry at you, they'll say they're mad (without giving clear action items) and all the action items I could see take too long to execute.  I still try to appease them, and then suddenly I'm killed.If you lower the difficulty, this game becomes easy, but the fact is the out of the box experience on normal seems to rush at full speed towards violence before the player can do anything about it.   You're going to get assassinated, and if the black voters don't kill you, I'm sure someone else will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and try to kill you as well.It's a shame, because theoretically this game could have been fun.  On paper it sounds really good, but when put in practice.  It just isn't enjoyable at all unless you scale down the difficulty, but the thing is, on normal, when things are going wrong you don't get any advice on how to fix it (other than vague hand waving).  On easier difficulties the game is the same way, people just don't get as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off."
76561198025982680,Not Recommended,245470,26488321,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DomRemi,As soon as you learn game mechanics it's become too easy and shallow.
,Recommended,245470,10274033,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ExtraHally,I was assassinated by a nun 10/10
,Recommended,245470,18274289,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,SirLagsalott,"First turn: Reduce corporation taxes, increase military spending, and reduce spending on state pensions.*opens up political compass*Game: You are a socialist-liberal!"
,Recommended,245470,16111904,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,MissingNoGuy55,Getting shot for fixing things: the game
,Recommended,245470,23798508,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pedomomo,Can't quit EU.0 UKs out of 10
76561198031260263,Not Recommended,245470,14546431,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Erik Taurus,"This is politics?I had a great time playing the game and had a hard time choosing most of the ""random event"" questions which required my attention. Adopting and altering policies was strategy which I like.Some of the policies you could add or alter is controversial and I like that they are in the game!I'm sure the developers have thought of several policies to adopt, but they aren't enough to stifle some of the events happening.The game did come to a ""click next turn"" very fast as there was nothing else left to do and after five or so hours it came to an end.You get shot! and you can't do ANYTHING about it! Adopting every single security measurement doesn't mean a thing!The tutorial wasn't close to be comprehensive enough so this game is really hard to get in to.If it wasn't for me having absolutely nothing to do and me being stubborn I wouldn't have played this game for more than an hour.I think I'm going to have a hard time playing it again, due to the reason mentioned above and that the UI was hard to manoeuvre in. The information was presented well enough, as example if you wanted to see what caused the unemployment in your nation, but when trying to see what policies you could add or alter you had to access them by drilling down and there were no ""back"" option one had to start all over. Very frustrating and confusing!Also it would be nice to have the policies you couldn't change due to low ""power"" was presented the same way as they were when trying to adopt policies, also if the preview of the new policy added the effects as well as potential cost or income.Seeing that I'm interested in politics I'll keep an eye out for the fourth instalment, but this one I'm going to give a ""no"" because of this game represents politics being a prime minister would be suicide."
,Recommended,245470,7682291,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,bob ross,A perfect game for expressing your edgy opinions.9/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,245470,13163740,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Cleomemnes,"No matter how amazing i make the country, Liberals ruin everything by killing me."
76561198002251822,Recommended,245470,12593135,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,eXistenZ,"Very satisfying to fix a country, especially when you can determine what ""fixed"" means. A lot of community content available as well"
,Recommended,245470,25641551,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,blamius,A game were people are ungratefull idiots who forget about your accomplishments and blame you for things you didn't do.So basically politics.10 points for realism
,Recommended,245470,10638996,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,tuti,Great and addicting game.Keep getting assassinated by liberals and religious freaks.10/10
76561198121945016,Recommended,245470,19347016,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tereeseeus,"Pandered only to the religious, banned teaching evolution and abortion.-10/10 would suppress my citizens in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ again"
,Not Recommended,245470,17273693,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Jrgl_Cuchallain,"For the first few hours it looks like a great game for political simulation. Quite quickly, however, you will realise just how simplistic its systems are and then the game will lose all challenge/fun.Maybe it would be more entertaining if there was more variation between the different countries but they only really change the starting situation a little."
76561197995749544,Recommended,245470,13451414,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,rehab,"This game is on a ""screw you, buy me"" discount for the entire holiday sale, and it got me addicted enough in a very specific way to make me do an LP for it, so I feel like I can't -not- hold up a  ""consider buying"" sign.Have you ever ""played"" the NationStates web/browser game? If you haven't, go try it out for a bit, right now. I'll wait.Did you like it? If after playing NationStates, you thought to yourself something like, ""I would pay money for a fleshed out version of this that's an actual turn-based strategy game, with scenarios and fail states and workshop support and stuff,"" Democracy 3 is the game of your very specific desires.It has similar limitations (your GDP and Health and Education and Technology levels can only get ""so high,"" and then once you've made a society as close to your vision of perfect as you'd like there's not much left to do but fiddle and/or come up with your own goals, so I doubt everybody will find as much replay value in the base game as I have), but, again. Made me make my first LP, so there's probably somebody else out there who'll get hooked if they try it.A final warning: your mileage may indeed vary massively with regards to how realistic the game's treatments of what outcomes all sorts of governmental policies have is. I would add a caveat, though, that I've seen people of all (as in, opposing) kinds of political bents criticize the game, so. While ""ending up making potentially *everybody* mad somehow"" may not actually be the optimal kind of compromise, it both feels like a bit of an inevitability to me given the subject matter and like a probable sign that the developer's at least trying really hard.Also, a plus side to the issue is that you wouldn't believe how many mods people will make for this kind of game when they have Workshop support and their vision of a ""realistic governance simulation"" is challenged. [strikethrough]Suckers[/strikethrough] VALUED CONTENT CREATORS. (seriously, the mods add quite some replay value)"
,Recommended,245470,13140963,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,SugarDaddy69,"Banned religion, got assassinated11/10"
76561198077375302,Not Recommended,245470,13655391,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Morose Porpoise,"Well, apparently the guy who developed this game has little to no understanding of the United States at all, and seems to think that all of our presidents are assasinated right out of the gate. Dont dare try to be a conservative or a Libertarian in ANY way shape or form, you will be assasinated and there is no system in place for security to prevent it. would have been an awesome game had the guy who made it not very very clearly been biased and ignorant."
,Recommended,245470,26484932,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,mvm900,"This game is.. fun, most of the time, to see what wacky things you can do. But sadly it's definitely set towards the liberal side of things. Like okay, I can understand before anyone even says anything that you can both mod and change values in the game and also that you can technically play the game however you'd like. But one I only care for the way the game is presented, you can give me a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥on a plate and tell me I can just customize it to make it better but you still gave me♥♥♥♥♥♥on a plate. And two yeah, you kinda can, but it's incredibly easy to just pick the more liberal side of things and the game becomes a breeze. For example I wanted to turn France into a religious, conservative playground but I'm finding it a bit hard considering there isn't too many religious policies, and some of the religious policies, like banning divorce seem to even *reduce* the amount of religious people there are, while also making them happier. And like, having too many patriots, for example, will cause a nasty thing to pop up. Oh and also weirdly you can't get population, people only redistribute themselves. You can fully conscript the population instead of military spending, but this doesn't count towards military spending and apparently does nothing.Oh and some things I've.. never seen. Like oil is a thing in game and it has supply and stuff but I've never ran into a situation where it became a problem I have to deal with. And focus groups exist and are cool but I've never had to use them or go that deep into the group section.All in all I'd say you should get it on a sale if you could, but it's still okay at full price."
,Recommended,245470,30049368,Posted: 19 February,all,Commissar Taco [GM],"In three years of a Democracy 3 playthrough, I expanded the welfare state, gave all children free lunches, turned the education system around, made cannabis legal, made healthcare available to more people, cut military spending (while still having the best in the world!), enacted stronger labor laws to protect workers, massively reduced homelessness, and eradicated poverty. And then a conservative extremist group assassinated me."
,Not Recommended,245470,23979181,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Forgoten Null,"This is a fun game for causal play, though severe balancing issues make it incredibly frustrating to play at any higher level than that, at least as far as difficulty is concerned. Also the developers very clearly don't understand the diffrence between American politics and European politics, and if you don't understand the diffrence and you're American you're going to have a frustrating time playing your home country. The credit rating adjustments are increadibly unrealistic and disproportionatley effect the economy.That's just one of the more obvious things, there are tons of little quirks and inconsistineces in the game's balancing that sometimes are inconcequential and just serve to pull you out of the expereince and other times they activley make the game a chore to play. I won't go into them because I would have to type several pages out, I will say however that the DLC packs and certian mods will help, but they won't correct the issues entirely. Hell, sometimes they just make them even worse if you're not careful.The real problem is assassinations and re-election. If you're playing on the base difficulty setting, fine, you should not have a problem getting re-elected whatsoever if you're paying attention. You probably have a 30% chance of getting shot down, but as bad as that sounds even that's managable. Turn up the difficulty slider and you're going to have a bad time unless you turn them off entirley. The concept makes sense, but it's the execution is increadibly poor.Except for your own, of course, if you try to play on a higher difficulty you will die repeatedly to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.If you want to just mess around to make policy changes, this game is fine. Just turn on monarchy and turn off assassinations and have fun. If you want a serious and well balanced political simulator then make your own, you won't find it here. I personally wouldn't recomend buying this game unless you see it on sale with the DLC's included.Also, if you do get the game and decide to play America, have a tip. The thing you absoultley must do on the first turn is institue the anti-descrimination policy, because apparently the developers think we're all racist ♥♥♥♥♥ and don't seem to realize we have dozens of laws and several amendments that do just that. Otherwise you're going to be shot by minorities who did absoutley nothing wrong.tl;dr Get it if you want a casual game, turn off assassination if you want to actually play the game, buy it on sale if you must."
,Recommended,245470,32225088,Posted: 6 June,all,Stasi,"If you are experiencing crashes, add this line to your ini file:sound driver = ESOD_WIN_MM"
76561198193564041,Not Recommended,245470,28289049,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,yokin128,"Hard pass because I have enjoyed the game, but I maybe got $10 or at most $15 worth of entertainment out of it.It's a decent game if you don't mind the typos, grammar, unrealistically high chance of assassination and you're playing the only country the developers think exists, America, but otherwise it's just confusing. I understand that the developers are likely American so it's the only political system they're knowledgable enough with to represent in a semi-realistic* way, but even given that, why even have England as a playable country if you're so ignorant of their political system you think they have a president? Especially since you've made it so easy to develop mods for this game? I'm sure that eventually someone who knew the political structure of England would make a mod for the game.Finally, there's just no excuse for this high a price tag. Plague Inc was an independently developed plague simulation game that was able to simulate 14 types of real world pathogens and how they'd spread in different environments so well that the CDC commended the game. Not only that, but they also have 20 scenarios that pose extra challenge by changing the world in some way, they have a soundtrack and they aren't afraid to admit when they got something wrong; when someone points out a flaw in the simulation, they adjusted it to make it more realistic. You can buy that game for $15.That in itself is enough reason for me to tell anyone not to buy this game until they lower the price. Unless, of course, Steam has a sale. If it's ever under $15 I'd recommend it.*I'm not asking for this game to be completely realistic though, don't get me wrong. A checks and balances system for this game creating the option for Congress and the House to block you at every turn would obviously make this a prett boring game and would be way harder to program."
,Recommended,245470,11842244,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,iznotacat,I was assasinated for making the military larger.7.8/10
,Recommended,245470,32507673,Posted: 17 June,all,Slobodan Milosevic,"needs to be renamed to ""Getting shot by capitalists simulator 2017""10/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,23879580,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Parakletos,"This game is so slanted towards socialism, it's not even funny.  I played as a socialist empire, and unlocked achievement after achievement, receiving accolades from everyone.As a libertarian, I'm assassinated every time.Unreal."
,Not Recommended,245470,28206589,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Drominar,"The interface is great, the policies are fairly accurate, but the gameplay gets boring after a while. You make the country work, and after there there's literally nothing else you can do. Playing different scenarios leads to you choosing the same strategy or choosing a different one, but your are limited in what really works. Overall, it's fun the first one or two times, but quickly gets boring."
,Recommended,245470,10743903,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Top-Tier Bants,"I built a functional democracy with booming tech and science sectors, Christian extremeists then proceeded to blow up my parliment.11/10."
,Recommended,245470,25810296,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Aloysius Teapot,"Goal:  Make America great again.-Slashed state pensions by 60%, cut military spending by 20%.  Rejected alcohol advert ban.--Budget balanced. Uncompetitive economy happens. Violent crime on the rise.--Turned schools to teach evolution only. Slightly raised income tax. Middle class unhappy. Ban child labor.--Boost intelligence services and create community policing. Crime rate immediately drops.--Start focus on environment, Keep country tidy. Telecommuting Initiative maxed.--Global economy in an upswing. Raking in 180 billion profit. Implement national monorail system. Unemployment spikes unexpectedly.--Compulsory work for the poor. Free eye tests. Legalize cannabis. Parenting classes.--Hear of liberal plot. Increase intelligence service. Strengthen citizenship tests. Limit debt collection agencies.--About to lower income tax when global economy crashes. 250 billion deficit. Uh oh.--Raise income tax slightly again to soften blow. Create welfare fraud dept.--Hear of religious plot. Environment doing great. Pollution very low. Allow GMO food.--Set up trade council. Helps to fix problem. Still hemorraging money, though. Oh well, decide to ride it out.--Ethnics try to kill me. Fail. Uncompetitive economy disappears. Pass race discrimination act.--Re-election time. Win with a 2% lead. Thank you voter apathy.--Skills shortage. Bite the bullet and max out adult education and public libraries. Do not send troops to secure oil.--Religious terror group really jumping up. Raise sales tax, almost lose capitalist support. Allow religious broadcasts.--Capitalist terror group on the rise now.  Enable business board.-- Liberals fail to kill me. Trump simulator at this point.--Business startup initiative. Free school meals. Lower sales tax.--Global economy wildly swings back up. Back in business. Skill shortage disappears. Over 300 bn surplus. Credit rate finally upgraded. Finally decide to take country off oil. Micro-energy grants, rural development. Alternate energy grants.--Drop income tax and sales tax by 25% each. Still making 130 billion surplus.  Capitalist plot disappears quicly. Liberal plot disappears quickly.--Crime gone.  Enact work safety law. Free bus passes.--Ban internet monitoring. Youth centers. Have 74% popular vote. Education is good, GDP is rising. Unemployment falling. Health slowly rising.--Work stress pops up. Allow labor Day holiday. Happy to see national debt going down slowly.--Assassinated by religious group.In conclusion: Made America great again, but killed by religious nuts.Now to make Britian great again."
76561198057681724,Recommended,245470,9703745,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Naia,"Democracy 3 is one of those rare simulation games that allows you to shape a nation into the society that you wish it to be.From a science global super power dominated by atheists to a freemarket paradise ruled by an oligarchy police state.Perhaps you would like to mix it up?How about a highly educated and science dominated theocratic super state? Or a Libertarian police state where the military draft is the law of the land? A conservative socialist state where border guards scan eye retinas and food, housing, education and healthcare is provided by the state? or you can just could play the anarchist and remove all of the states influances and watch as society riots, loots and steals their way from the chains of government.The choice is yours, what kind of statesman will you be?"
76561198078891567,Not Recommended,245470,8817049,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Napkinboy,"Over-priced IMO. Feels like more of a $15 game or maybe even $10. All text based (No-suprise) but just too easy. You find out early on in the game that you obviously can't get all the achievments in one run. You can't have a balanced budget giving everyone in the nation free stuff and not having taxes to make people like you. No sense of wars or sanctions which is a big factor in the real world. Generally as long as you aren't a♥♥♥♥♥♥like everyone else who really runs nations around the world, you should easily make it by with 85ish% approval rating."
76561197970838347,Not Recommended,245470,12388976,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Flacky,"Skewed too much. Going outside the moderate views in either direction tanks your country.Factual real world examples of thinking outside the box and it working, be damned."
,Recommended,245470,22708321,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,carl4140,"Love this game! Can get a wee bit repetitive, with the same scenarios/incidents occurring that you need to make a decision on. But thanks to the community generated workshop collections; it has kept is alive and added more content.Have spent many enjoyable hours on the game and would definitely recommend the game overall."
76561197986199124,Not Recommended,245470,17021793,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,38,I do not recomend this game.  It has various biases built into it requiring a liberal governing policy every time in all ways.
,Recommended,245470,17558031,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,ХМГЕ,"Led the country through a time of adequate welfare spending. low crime, low unemployment, technological supremacy, low CO2 emissions and high GDP.My reward? Getting assasinated by Liberals on my next turn after getting 99% of the vote.11/10 Would get assasinated again."
76561198018215483,Recommended,245470,22996741,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Badger,Legalised abortionsIncreased the amount of bus lanesGave everyone access to a state pensionGave out food stampsSubsidised FarmersSubsidised  renewable energyEnded homelessnessEnded the obesity crisisCreated a Pro union policyGave more funding to the health systemGot denounced by the church and then assassinated by a secret organisation of Capitalists while opening a school10/10 would politics again
,Recommended,245470,12371117,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sliver Wall,Taxed the hell at of the Wealthly and got killed by a highly trained assiassan. LEGIT!
,Not Recommended,245470,17385726,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Sir Senovan of the Holy Spear,"Probably the best simulator of the frustrations of public office ever designed, perhaps a little too well designed. The execution of the concept, with the possible exception of the sliders for difficulty before the game starts, is absolutely spot on. it really feels like running the country, normally directly into the ground. Idealists will have their hopes and dreams crushed as they discover that even after eliminating all national debt and achieving 99% approval rating the remaining 1% of poor untraied farmers will somehow find a way to seccessfully exicute you because somebody had to be made unhappy and apparently ther is no such thing as secret service in this in game world. There is immense ammout of customisability in how you implement and change policy, but you will still be assassinated. That is unless you fiddle with the difficulty sliders in which you can legalize slavery of all but yourself and ban fun and still have most of the country voting for you. As a completely free to choose experience there is potentially a way to play the game for everyone, sadly figuring that way out, unless the defult or baby's frst sim experience are whats right for you, is an exercise of trial and error frustration that only comes into play some time after you have gotten into it and is notified to you with a bullet to the head and a forced restart. Iteration time is annoyingly long and the actual paths that work in any degree of difficulty seem arbitrary and in times counter intuitive. In conclusion the game is well made  ut lacks focus for any player wanting something more than directionless ♥♥♥♥ing about.  4/10 can't really reccomend."
,Recommended,245470,32610805,Posted: 20 June,all,TriggerHappy,"This game is beyond fun. I would rate it an astounding 9/10, I love politics and this opened a new gateway to find new topics. Im not saying this game is only for people who like politics, because some of my other friends who arent into politics love it for the sense you get to run a country.For all of the time I have been playing this I havent not enjoyed it once. Even if I was assasinated for abolishing crime, poverty, and many other problems. I made poor choices and are still making poor choices. Its a game where you get to continue learning about politics. I highly, highly reccomend this game. To me the only thing thats missing are things like cutscenes. When someone gets assasinated, or a terorrist attack happens, or socialists getting mad at me, all it shows is a boring picture. It was cool at first sight but the more I see the still pictures the more I get bored of seeing those small events happen. It would be sick to see (when you get assasinated) a scope with a crosshair lined up on your head and suddenly your body drops and secret service rush to your body. Thats my only complaint."
,Recommended,245470,16149539,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,tieio,"Strategy at its finest. I imagine this game is really subjective to what an individual enjoys. I like micro management games and tuning things into finely thought out points in order to make them work together like a well-oiled machine. This game is exactly that, with politics involved. I enjoyed it a lot, perhaps you will too."
76561197999373821,Not Recommended,245470,10885304,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Quendorsof,"Finding out what the effects of policies will be on a country and trying to make sure you remain in power and the country doesn't fall apart while you're doing so is a lot of fun. Sadly after only a few hours the whole finding out part is pretty much done and the game doesn't throw a lot of interesting things your way to keep things fresh. As a result I do not feel that I can recommend buying this game at the current price (€15,40, due to sale, €22,99 otherwise).Of course if you feel that a few hours of entertainment is worth said amount. By all means buy it."
76561198189867406,Recommended,245470,20008220,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hot Nips (  o _ o) (-_ - ),I rid the UK of poverty and racism. My reward? Getting assassinated in the face by the Liberals.10/10 (during a steam sale ONLY)
,Not Recommended,245470,13268472,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Chonono,"It's a nice idea but rather simple and too static for my own taste. It can be rewarding the first two times you manage to build up a nice country and fix it's original problems, but after 2-3 hours of gameplay you already know what to do by hearth. The only reason I played this game for so long (almost 12 hours) was because I like simulators and dind't feel like doing something else and wanted to get the archievements c(:Not recommended for the full price."
,Recommended,245470,9272706,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,jasminerachello,Great for teaching how political action affects all sorts of people. Highly recommend the policy packs on the workshop after you get used to the interface and gameplay.
76561198092830289,Not Recommended,245470,19814059,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Marenji,After creating the perfect Utopian society I realised I was pretty must done with the game. The price for this game is way too high for the time it entertained me for.
,Not Recommended,245470,24750939,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ghandisnukes,"The premise behind this game was fun, but it felt a little too limiting for me once I got in. I felt like every game I played either had similar results or I was forced to alter my decisions. I didn't get out of the game what I expected, to be able to somehow find a way to make the country successful in a variety of different ways. Replayed a few times but probably won't come back."
76561198093978627,Recommended,245470,23876428,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,itwillbefuntheysaid,Ruled USA over 15 years with an iron fist.Assasinated by Conservatives.10/10 would legalize prostitution again.
76561197998143434,Not Recommended,245470,7941342,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SteelRodent,"While the game is a nice tech-demo of how to make a political simulation and has a lot of potential, it simply feels very much unfinished and as if it's an early development stage. It fails to do anything in a way that is at all realistic. It displays a grotesque and rather primitive (even ignorant in some places) look at how a society works. While it may be somewhat realistic for how the USA works (only country I couldn't be bothered playing), the game just becomes a farce when playing any other country. The game is just so simplified that it takes away from the enjoyment and gives you no chance to experiment.It focuses so heavily on a two-party system (it's always you against ""that other party"") that everything becomes black and white and all the grey areas of politics are completely ignored. There's no gaining favours with some parties and losing it with others. The developers have completely failed to understand that in most countries you have a multiple of parties, favouring all kinds of different policies, and it is completely possible for a minor party to remain in power by allying with other parties. But in this case there simply are no other parties in the game. Your opposition party don't seem to ever have an opinion on anything, but if you lose voters they just go vote for that other party, rather than any of the many other parties that the game is missing.Many of the overly simplified policies result in extreme and absurd situations - such as high taxes causing the unemployed to have excessive alcohol and drug abuse and resorting to violent crimes, despite having a social system in place to more than take care of them. It makes it impossible to really deal with any situation without losing the majority of your voters, or even get assasinated when your 3 year plan don't take effect immediately.The fincancial side of the game is severely lacking as well and missing a massive amount of policies. The tax system is super primitive far beyond realism, applying only 6th grade math to most policies (even 10 year old SimCity 4 has a more advanced tax system...). Things like rent control don't affect homelessness like it should, and several other policies don't have the direct effect they ought to have << this may be bugs, but from glancing at the CSV file it looks to be by design.Overall the game is excessively simplified and you only stand a chance for sitting more than 1 term if you pander to your voters without following any sort of direction, and if you have no interest in creating anything but the most traditional societies in an extreme form (ultra socialist, religious fanaticism, or conservative suppresion) - anything else and you're almost guaranteed to lose the game at the first election."
,Not Recommended,245470,10644975,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,gershw1n,"This game makes it impossible to govern as a libertarian.  If you don't enact policies to appease the masses at every turn, you will be assassinated within your first 6 quarters as President.  The effects and consequences of any policy decision, whether it be enacting or canceling policy, is biased toward big government socialism.  Stay away from this game if you're looking for a realistic approach to small government governance."
,Recommended,245470,15129750,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,"-The Capitalists were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Lowered income tax to make them happy.-The Socialists became♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Incorporated a luxury tax to make them feel better.-The Capitalists became♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the new tax.-Minimalized the effects of the luxury tax.-The Socialists became♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Set income tax to 75%.-Based government around glorification of Stalin.-Soviet America came into existance.It's so nice to know just how perfectly governments work. Almost all focus groups surveyed rate this game as 10/10, while the Capitalists rate it as a 0/10 for a collective rating of 9/10."
76561198007310372,Not Recommended,245470,22403270,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,jasonhoffgtown,This game is heavily skewed toward socialist ideology. If you attempt to play as limited government leader you will just get assassinated.
76561198079592640,Recommended,245470,33058147,Posted: 30 June,all,Pork Sausage,>Start game as UK and try to turn the country around>Fully fund police to cut crime>Lock down borders to keep wages up>Fund new business and raise luxury taxes>Wipe out crime 2 years in>Half poverty and homelessness in 4 years>Society becomes egalitarian and everyone is happy>Get general strike by the working people I helped which drags me into a debt crisis>Get assassinated by a group of super rich businessmen because I give out foodstamps10/10 Would get betrayed by the people and murdered by a super billionaire again
,Recommended,245470,30661194,Posted: 21 March,all,Pigbull320,> Gave cops military grade weapons> Made everycrime recieve the death penaltyExecution for jaywalking. Love it.
,Recommended,245470,11401514,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Trotskyist,This game made me not want to become president.
76561198253816592,Not Recommended,245470,22462172,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,lukaskisielius,Very superficial and unrealistic. Lacks replayability
,Recommended,245470,33568564,Posted: 15 July,all,STRGG,>Started Canada>Asthma outbreak>Fixed Enviromental issues>Almost Stops event>Parents being angry about Asthma keeps event running>Doctors strike because Parents are angry that they cant fix their kids>Parents keep getting angrier>Assassinated11/10
,Not Recommended,245470,16584810,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lewis,Fairly obvious which political ideology the game developers have
76561198018269301,Not Recommended,245470,30619712,Posted: 19 March,all,Gregb90,"Extremely basic.Populations don't increase over time so there is no real test of managing an economy or a changing landscape.All you really have to do is increase your tax income and then you can pretty much do what you want. Increase tax too much and the capitalists will try and kill you, so you either increase spending on police drones etc or indrudce some business friendly tax breaks.The only real way to make the game a challenge is to set the inate sliders to the complete opposite of what you want the 'end game' to be.If you're looking for something that has depth and is captivating for longer than the initial learning period, then this game isn't for you. Well certaintly not at this price tag.I'm extremely disappointed."
,Recommended,245470,16149877,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Fake News,"How to beat this game:Raise taxes on the rich to the max level.Lower their taxes when they get too mad.Raise taxes on mid and lower class to the max level.Lower their taxes when they get too mad.By then you should have a pretty nice surplus, and close to the elections. So, to avoid getting killed/losing:Lower everyone's taxes.Rinse and repeat.Fun game, but the replay factor vanishes really quickly."
,Recommended,245470,13642899,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,T.J,got cheap on sale. fun game if your into politics or terrorism
76561198006986577,Recommended,245470,26498718,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DragonElderX9,"A game that really shows you what kind of hard decisions a leader has make for a country, and how hard it is to actually see those decisions come to fruition.  I feel that anyone in a democratic society should play this to at least get a closer glimpse at the concept in general."
76561198091395748,Not Recommended,245470,29018141,Posted: 4 January,all,Bolasraecher,"Democracy 3 is a decent political simulator, that makes you feel like the leader of a real democracy for a few hours. But not much longer.Basically, after you have spent a few hours building your (more or less) perfect society, you'll have to start a new game and make different decisions to experience anything new.This would be fine if the game would have enough content to explore in multiple playthoughs, but even in just my second playthough, it felt like i had seen almost everything.I really like the concept and overall gameplay of Democracy 3, and for what i have seen, it seemed fairly well balanced.Turning germany into a socialist one-party state was a lot of fun at first, but the game just does not provide enough content for me to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,245470,34511195,Posted: 26 August,all,ᴅᴏɢɴᴜᴛ,"There is no substance, it's only implementing policies to make groups happy so you don't get assassinated. fun for a few hours but after that there is nothing."
,Recommended,245470,24457886,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TheSovietBunny,"Ok first attempt was quite a failure for me so lets just ignore that...Second Attempt:-plays as france-starts immediately to decrease crime and increase education (it works)-everyone loves me except for capitalists (I dont know why, I just made them equal to everyone else...)-two failed assassination attempts from capitalists, I proceed to laugh in their faces-I have finally fixed unemployment and poverty and health is starting to increase-I get voted in again (surprisingly more than half of the capitalists vote for me eventhough they hate me)-health is high and everything is good except for GPD (I dont understand it)-I attempt to increase it only to realise I am now in extreme debt-two more failed assassination attempts from the capitalists I now start to understand why they hate me-I get voted in again for my third term overwhelmingly from everyone and 73% of capitalists vote for me (why?)-GPD is the lowest it can be-capitalists finally kill my and celebrate10/10 would totally be put through that trauma again"
76561198006212102,Not Recommended,245470,8371949,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr.Binks,"Game sucks. Even after balancing the budget, and cutting taxes in HALF I still lost reelection. Was smoot sailing till out of the blue with no major policy shifts one of advisors resigned. Send my approval rating from 57 to 27 percent. The game also favors far left policies vs conservitive policies."
,Recommended,245470,12393952,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Gluge,"Totally Awesome!  I highly recomend if you think you'd be interested in this type of game.Pros:Great interface that makes handling and understanding the complexity easy, in 5 minutes you'll have a good understanding of it.In general I think it does a really good job of balancing the details and complexity with accessablity and giving you enough of all the details that it feels like a proper sim while not complicating things to the point of frustration.No other game like it, at leas that I have seen.  It fills this niche quite well and while it feels a little lacking in the details overall it really satifies my itch for this niche.Looks very easy to mod, and lots of mods on Steam workshop!Cons:No Undo - this feels like something that should really be in there since it's turned based I feel like I should be able to undo and action before I end the turn.  It's the only thing that makes the interface feel annoying or clunky.Can't really tell what a policy will do until you impliment it - combined with not being able to undo this makes picking new policies to impliment feel much more random than they should since you won't be able to see the policy effects until you've already spent political capital implimenting them."
,Recommended,245470,8367569,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,stanld03,"For a game with lots of stats and not a lot of graphics, was very engrossing :)"
,Recommended,245470,12800415,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Wu Ziheng,Survived one assassination attempt after legalizing marijuana. Was successfully assinated by a strung out hippie.
,Recommended,245470,22784219,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Nato,Adictive and well made.
,Recommended,245470,18881885,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Azzanator,Went so socialist the game crashed - 10/10.
76561198134961388,Recommended,245470,31490043,Posted: 1 May,all,HurdleGirdle,Turns out I wouldn't be a good Prime Minister despite how opinionated I am...
,Recommended,245470,8012775,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Jimlawl,"I love politics and would recommend this game but there are some issues like you can get 100% the popular vote, there aren't enough policies (mods correct this) and some policies are biased towards the game developer's own political views (like banning guns reducing crime, in real life the states with the most gun regulations have the most violent crime incidents per capita; affirmative action reducing racial tension, it can be argued that it does the opposite).Hopefully Democracy 4 fixes these issues."
76561198067630085,Recommended,245470,23481420,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Daf3,"Accidently created a 1 party system, 10/10 would slide those bars and actually address the concerns of my citizens with policies again."
,Recommended,245470,24823812,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Kvltist Dan,"Despite a rather complex and intimidating UI, don't be put off by this game, especially if you enjoy political strategy games. With extremely detailed and complex mechanics, Democracy 3 is undoubtably one of the greatest political simulators available on steam.The vast array of countries, polcies, and situations in this game allow the player to live out all of their political fantasies, whether that be being the conservative socialist leader of Canada or the capitalist liberal oligarch of Australia. Furthermore the vast library of mods available through the steam workshop add tens of hours of replayability to the game, which, especially when coupled with DLC, vastly improve the game quality, with hundreds of new situations, policies, and mechanics."
76561198089509272,Recommended,245470,30868574,Posted: 31 March,all,Shawn,"Play as ruler for all other countries except the USA, fixed their economy in less than 1 hour.Play as president of the USA, 10 times, got assasinated 10 times for leaning left. I'm never going to that country."
,Not Recommended,245470,8053638,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,dachte,"Amusing for a bit, but not a lot of replay value; play through the game a bit and you'll feel you've exhausted everything it can throw at you."
76561198040566287,Recommended,245470,21597069,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Action Jackson,"Decided to try this out in my homeland: Canada.- Thought to myself: ""Haha, I'm going to become a dictator and run my nation into the ground!""- Against my better judgement, ended up creating an incredibly socialist society.- Destroyed my economy but everyone loved me. Canadians were too polite to acknowledge the depression I had just created for them.Restart as Germany. Will bring back Deutschland to former glory.- Decide to try my best to go full dictator.- Tax the big corporations and eliminate foreign investments. Keep Germany for Germans.- Abolish anti-racism laws and invoke racial profiling. Keep Germany for Germans.- Arm my police force to the teeth, set up cameras, drones, ID Cards, gated communities. Keep Germans safe from Germans.- Mandatory Labour for the unemployed. Make Germany Great Again.- Massive spy network and secret police force. Das ist gut.- Liberals unhappy... FREE EYE CHECKUPS FOR EVERYONE!- Massive support for the Uber Deutschland Party. Everyone happy because unhappiness is illegal.- Homelessness gone. Economy booming. Crime gone. Obesity gone. 1984 achieved.10/10 would Hitler again. Still gotta build that wall though."
76561198044437352,Not Recommended,245470,21995404,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Drizzth,"The game is just too expensive for what it offers. Even though you can play with different nations, they all kind of look the same with different initial stats. And even though it looks complex, it is in fact very easy. It is all about maintaining a positive budget, then everything else will work eventually. The idea is great, but not well executed."
,Recommended,245470,12878647,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,clarkey0203,I bought this game whilst it was on sale not too long ago and ive already clocked 31+ hrs on it! If you've ever wondered if you would be a good leader of the country then this is the game for you!! (most of the time the answer is no)
,Not Recommended,245470,8864893,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Traitor,"Do not buy this. This game is not a true political simulator, but a left-wing fantasy land simulator. Trying to do anything that is not socialist is nearly impossible."
76561198110862082,Recommended,245470,15052348,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Savant C,"The gameplay of Democracy 3 is quite easy. Simply choose a policy and raise or lower it's budget. It's the consequences for those actions that make this game both very difficult and very fun. Will you attempt to win the vote on a conservative or liberal ticket? Capitalist or socialist? Patriotic or ethnic minority based? It's all up to you, and you'd better play smart or you'll end up in a body bag. It may seem a little too hard or confusing during the first hour or so, but keep playing and you won't regret it (unless you're one of those people who need to be commiting mass genicide in order to be happy).This game may be a glorified spreadsheet, but it's pretty in-depth and as loaded with replay value as any you'll find. If you're not comfortable with investing $25 in it (which I relate to in full) wait for it to go on sale. It's definitely worth the $15."
76561198046115768,Recommended,245470,13287841,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Avertious,"VERY nice game to play..It can get hard, but rewarding once/if you get through.4.5/5"
76561198027039587,Recommended,245470,30913473,Posted: 2 April,all,redphalanx,I got assassinated by hypercapitalists as PM of Canada... After I had previously succeeded in turning the US into the New Soviet Union with zero assassination problems. Otherwise a really great game 9/10.
,Recommended,245470,21829510,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,"Jek, the Proletariat","Tried to kill everyone with Pollution, Smoking, Crime and Guns.Showed kids porn in class to teach them sexual education and gave them alcohol and kid driving.Actually boosted the U.S. Economically.Got assassinated by Black Power Group for Racial Discrimination.10/10 Never built a wall"
,Recommended,245470,28166571,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Burokunshado,"I gotta say that I enjoy this game despite how frustating dealing with the various issues that crop up are (I tend to grit my teeth and make a lot of my annoyance vocal haha), kind of wish that you didn't have to retire your career as a leader though, want to keep a good career going xD It can definitely be challenging, in fact today has been my best run through of the game yet, I managed to survive and come out with relatively acceptible results, so I'm incredibly happy lol.I would recommend this game as a change of pace from the typical micro-management games you play, lots of balancing to do :)By the way, the combined DLC make the game much more diverse, fun and interesting when added on top of the base game."
76561198001648526,Not Recommended,245470,13619339,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jhart19,The game has a decidedly liberal bent.
,Recommended,245470,35004853,Posted: 16 September,all,roysteves,This is a great way to kill time between clawing my eyes out over real world news articles.  :D
,Not Recommended,245470,15499123,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,BlackPeopleMeet.com,"Played it for a while, thought it was decent. Then I came back to it after having broadened my political knowledge. I attempted to establish a Libertarian country. Legalization of guns=Crime and your ultimate demise (I was killed by socialists). Its like this game is trying to just scratch the suface, but instead, the surface explodes and sends this game as far away from being accurate as possible. If you are casually political, this game may be of interest to you, but do not base what is Liberal or Conservative off of this game. If you are very politcal, like myself, I would highly recommend you avoid this game. It will save you the frustration of the innaccuracies that are found constantly throughout the game.PROS:Fun for people with average political knowledge.Pretty cheap (although the game isn't much in itself).CONS:Very, very innacurate. Ex: Being killed by socialists for having less taxes+Less gun restrictions.I wanted to blow my brains out after playing this game again, that's how frustrating.The actual game isn't much, other than a main menu and a basic web design to manage policies.♥♥♥♥ the Revolutionary Army, those ♥♥♥♥ers killed me for no reason."
,Recommended,245470,12704110,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,JB || Nexev,The fact there is not a feature where you can go back in time and try to run post depression Germany to prevent Hitler's rise to power is a clear miss.
,Recommended,245470,13812126,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,goet,"High GPI, fixed unemployment, killed organized crime, halved the national debts, pumped a lot of money into education, killed by the Black Power Group.RIP Orbán Viktor"
,Not Recommended,245470,32773482,Posted: 25 June,all,Baraqyal,"An otherwise decent game ruined by game breaking bugs with the DLC, that the developer was told about back in 2015 and has still not fixed as of June 2017."
76561198044404037,Recommended,245470,16965706,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,quakedisruptor,"No matter what decisions I make, my games always seem to end with me getting assassinated by liberal extremists. Just like real life!"
,Recommended,245470,22484298,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Vosoros,"In short order of learning a few things I had turned the United Kingdom into an egalitarian, agrarian state that was truly green and economically prosperous land...a shining beacon in the modern times of stupid politicians.  I now suggest all real-world politicians play this game for a week before resuming their so-called jobs and see if we can't avert some socio-political nonsense they get paid obscene amounts for!  :P"
,Recommended,245470,13504208,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Superior,"Chose a country, set yourself goals and try to achieve them.+ Realistic+ Benefits for a group, might have a cost or be not popular by other groups, so try to keep everyone happy.+ Hard choices, might not always be appreciated by the people.+ People can react bad on certain changes.+ Change your own policies+ Chose your ministry+ Chose how to manage your country+ You can get assasinated+ Chose your party+ In-depth analyses- Small number of countries you can manage."
76561198051467809,Recommended,245470,28953281,Posted: 2 January,all,phbk,"So I legalised marajuana but ended up being assassinated. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯There's a lot to think about in your running of the country but it ends up being an over simplification of democracy because it's a game. Still, it's an entertaining political strategy game that gives you a fascinating insight into how different policies can effect various groups and other interconnecting entities. But I still think the action groups are too trigger happy :/"
76561198075217319,Recommended,245470,32846056,Posted: 27 June,all,Kaalaxi,Get screwed over by Global Warming simulator.
76561198030179866,Recommended,245470,32977384,Posted: 29 June,all,Pierrovitch,A classic game and a must-buy if you want to improve your civilization management :)
76561198023314797,Not Recommended,245470,17147885,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,BrickMurder,"If your a European Socialist or a Communist with Police state tendencies, then this is the game that rewards you"
,Recommended,245470,22391766,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,chikenlover,90% income tax90% flat income taxlegalised all drugs in the countrylegalised all prostitutioneradicated all religion from my nationall other taxes maxedevolution onlyassasinated by nuns10/10 would be assasinated again
,Not Recommended,245470,7819623,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,lismuss,"I thought that this was going to have more realistic cause and effect system and so far its been quite contrary.  It reminds me of another game on steam that basically communicated that taxes, ""global warming"", and social spending are good.  This game isnt quite as severe as that one was with being politically left but it seems to me it still leans that way.  Supreme Ruler 2020 is much much much better as a simulator for countries and economies.  Sadly it doesnt have the political measures, bills, and so on."
,Not Recommended,245470,10585860,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kirb,as a person who loves charts and graphs please trust me when i say that these particular charts and graphs are kind of lackluster
,Recommended,245470,16351208,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,countD2588,Tried three American campaigns but I kept being murdered by wealthy people...I even cancelled food stamps but that wasn't enough for the wealthy. What do they want from me?!10/10 would be assassinated again
,Recommended,245470,16016740,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,crad,I turned Britain into a Nazi State10/10 would nazi again
76561198018918852,Not Recommended,245470,23717837,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,infunction,"I liked it but the problem I have is just about every game, feels the same and you dealing with the same select few of problems again. It just seem to miss somthing, an extra layer of depth.which is why its not a game I will go back to. Good for 50 hours or less but beyond that... not enough there."
,Recommended,245470,19178475,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ALGOS,I feel like I can run the UK better than most politicians can.¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,245470,16354682,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Antonytycoon,"93% approval rating, still assassinated by socialists to further their own ideology. realistic/10"
76561198031434370,Recommended,245470,23130170,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,bward19,"Crank up sales tax to 50% and repeal all others? Move the USA Federal Budget from red to black? Close all the airports to lower polution? If you want to go nuts, you can. There are several mods available with more policies and instructions to create your own.The main object of this simulation is to get re-elected. The policies enacted truly focus on the approval of a group and the amount of membership in that group. For example, giving a tax break for urban farms will increase the membership in the ""Farmers"" group and their approval.There is not an explicit explination on why the creator of the game chooses the relationships of policies to changes in the simulation, but *most* do make common sense. I'll list the common complaints later.This is a fasinating game with one of the best government simulators I've yet seen. While it does not explore the ""balance of power"" between legislative, executive and judicial, it shows the maCssive effect that goverment policies can have on the daily lives of the citizens.Here are some of the main ""balances"" that the game explores, with the goverment's budget as an aspect in all of them.-Capitalism vs the enviroment, disadvantaging the poor, taxation and liberal socialism-Healthcare, is it a right or a privalage?-Welfare vs comfortably unemployed-Foreign Policy (the game is suprisingly light on this though)-Immigration control and liberal membership/approval-Firearms control and health/crimeIt goes on and on. If you're looking for a complex challenge and want to understand goverment better, you should experience this game."
76561198250781552,Recommended,245470,23006089,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,lucas.hile,"A strangely addicting game, if I'm to be honest. The UI is nicely done, and while the music doesn't really vary, it is amazing at capturing the mood and intent of the game. This genre is always at a disadvantage when it comes to scope, but this game comes the closest to simulating the real decisions made at the highest levels of government. In playing this game, bear in mind that it was not developed with a Call Of Duty-esque budget. Do that, and you'll certainly come to appreciate the game as I have."
76561198075874227,Recommended,245470,13599133,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Usma,Very interesting game. Took me while to learn how to play but its wort it.Lost and lots of fun with your country
76561198277853704,Not Recommended,245470,29088108,Posted: 7 January,all,m0bius_strip,"Not even close to worth the price tag. Not a bad game, but glaringly lacking depth. The presence of typos offends me in a game at this price tag, blatantly unpolished.If you enjoy the subject matter it's quite fun if you play this as a casual game. This is simply just not the grand strategy masterpiece of political sims you're probably looking for and that the price tag and marketing would have you believe it is.This is a good start for the simulator all of us political science junkies want to see but the price is just completely unjustifiable in relation to the quality of this game.Verdict: Hard pass at full price. Decent buy at $5."
76561198144826386,Recommended,245470,32546070,Posted: 18 June,all,chainedbear314,"Let me start by saying, this is one of the strangest games I have ever played. Nothing about it is quite normal. The kind of lack of visualization of anything, the constantly shifting bubble menu system, all of it just makes this seem like it was made by a Dev team of aliens with Political Science degrees from Earth.That said, damn good game. I found it was better to sort of put my self in-character, like playing Dwarf Fortress or D&D. That way, when the terroristic capitalists tried to kill me for nationalizing the banks and utilities, I could really picture myself as a modern Stalin."
76561198013981893,Recommended,245470,32894023,Posted: 27 June,all,Charisma,"The game is pretty fun, but once I had played through twice (one game is pretty short) it felt repetitive. I will probably play it once every year or so though, as I enjoyed it. But would recommend you buy it on sale."
76561198081289569,Recommended,245470,20049147,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sprin,Decided to try and Make America Great Againthought it be easy to reform the education systemgot killed by communists before the end of the 2nd year10/10
76561198003495452,Recommended,245470,23208553,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Autumn,"Cool game, well thought and well made.I got all the extensions, but I really wish there would be way more policies and situations."
76561198059393299,Recommended,245470,7802546,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,SHRIKE,"Definitely recommend buying if you are anyway into politics or strategy, the UI is wonderfully fluid and the game is full of information. There is a suprising amount of content, and if you find yourself becoming bored of the game, the modding content is expanding fast. 9/10 :)"
,Recommended,245470,22639425,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sp00k-tastic,"Ever though, Man my country would be great if this happened! Well under this game odds are your wrong and someone will kill you. Anicdote time: Starting my pretty centrist policies when one of my converative party memebers resigns dropping me from a 78% aprrove to 13% with elections around the corner i though well lets see how much freedoms i can take away. Church: manitory not going can warrent jail time. Prayer in school. Flags on every street corner. Max military spending..... 48% aprroval, lol k lets do more. Added tablets in school, WARNING AN ASSASINATION ATTEMPT ON YOUR LIFE BY: Black Power....wat. alright i guess i will put morey in social justice, next turn, YOU DIED RIP...."
,Recommended,245470,25716050,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,TeddyStyle,"I think this game was one of my first games in my steam library and I still don't regret picking it up. From time to time I play it for the fun of it. I don't like to overthink and strategise in this game because I know that won't work either. Unfortunately this game is so old that it doesn't support tabbing without crashing. I was playing while chatting with a friend about game of thrones and whenever I tabbed out it couldn't load anymore. To appoint a very good part of this game is the autosave system. It literally saves every minute or so because even while chatting I could continue from where I 'stopped'.Time to talk about the game itself. The music is good, nothing special, but it is relaxing and it suits the atmosphere of the situation that you are in. I like the challenge that this game offers, unless you played this for 100 hours, you still don't really know how to easily beat the opposition. I have managed it before but it is extremely hard when you play from time to time. I can imagine that when you play daily you can beat it easier and easier and get bored. This game has been a rollercoaster of understandings to me. First I don't know what I am doing, it evolves into starting to understand what I'm doing, eventually evolving into overthinking ending again into confusiong because I think I screwed up somehow. The idea behind this game is very realistic and it reminds me of Belgian politics. Whenever you enact something liberals like the socialists are salty about it. Well you'll come across that in this game. It remains intresting because you can't have everyone in the green at all times. I do feel like this game needs a little more information than it has, especially to a player who doesn't play it very often. Maybe an option that displays the opinions and or modifiers in numbers would be interesting. For example going into the green can be good when you go for capitalist happiness, as an example, but it isn't when you go into the green with alcholism. With a numbers system I imply that whenever you boost capitalists it shows a positive number and whenever you boost alcholism it shows a negative number. Unless you want to boost alcholism that bad.Overall a good pickup for the price that it is at, 10 euro's (I'm not sure at all anymore) and it is worth your time. Although I do feel that you need to have a little interest in politics otherwise this won't interest you either."
,Recommended,245470,14657430,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Phantom Forces,"""♥♥♥♥, WHY DO DEMOCRATS KEEP ASSASINATING ME!!!!! ITS LIKE WHAT FOX NEWS IS SAYING COME TRUE""............  *Clicks new game* ........... ""OKAY! OKAY! AMERICA ONCE AGAIN!!!! I HAVE FAITH IN MY COUNTRY"".......... *plays for 5 minutes* ................... "" ♥♥♥♥!!!!! THIS COUNTRY DOESN'T WORK! IT'S NOT JUST THE ♥♥♥♥ING DEMOCRATS THAT SUPPORT A FAILING SYSTEM, BUT THE REPUBLICAN SYSTEM TO""So yea this game is very fun, but be prepared to get mind ♥♥♥♥ed. Support democrats, econamy collapses and practally everything else does the same. Support republicans, everything is perfect, except the democrats just eventually get mad and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over everything.Eventually I thought that all parties were just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Then I really noticed that the republican system works. It supports morals and gives strong support to the econamy. People will hate me for saying this, but I think the only reason the republican system sucks is that radical democrats just stop it.Buy this game. Don't play it to much or you will become more soulless than the baby of a politican and ginger."
76561198065340817,Recommended,245470,10177041,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,rymaju,"True, Democracy 3 can be incredably easy once you understand what best suits the problem in a certian country, and moving sliders with either major effects or little to no effect makes it feel unrealistic. However Democracy has an ocean of experinces and depth, letting you create ""different scenarios"" although the solutions you find will often be the same as before. These are lacking and most defintly boring, escepically after a few good terms. Its important to note isnt so much a politcal sim, but more like cause and effect sim. You get this feeling after you get asssainated when you change the slider 2 points. Not to mention that sometimes you'll be enacting, canceling, or chagning policies, not for your party or for your country, but for the approval of a group. The DLC's dont really add much, just some well needed policies that everyone wanted, like capping pay on CEo's, putting in smart meters, or having your county sing the national anthem. Sadly nothing game changing.But what I find is fun and interesting is the achivements. In Democracy 3 you can have the US become a fanactical god loving people, or turn into a police state! This is where Democracy 3 turns around. The fact the the changes are so dramatic, the fact that you have many options, lets you create different realitys, where the the US is a socialist utopia, or the UK becomes a police state. Getting these achivemetns, while balancing the regular game is lots of fun, and easily makes up over half my playtime. And Luckily for the gamers, mods are easy and supported. Creating interesting policies or new countries to master, then turn into a corrupt, strict, goverment watching you 24/7.Overall Democracy 3 can be boring, can be unfair, and can be way too easy. But its ocean of depth and goals encourage us to create our own content, and let us have our own fun. Not as a politics sim, but instead a fun open way for gamers to explore new, sometimes serious, sometimes funny, worlds."
,Not Recommended,245470,25696814,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,hobgtav23,"TL;DR Great foundation for what could've been a great game, but Positech got greedy and split the game into 2 games and 3 paid DLCs. For only 9 hours of content, it's not worth €23.First off, let me say that this is my favorite genre of game. I enjoy relaxing after a long day of work and managing my empire/country/business. I love politics and this game seemed like a perfect fit for me. If I had written this review after my first 2 hours with the game, it would have been a glowing paragraph or two about the worlds greatest goverment simulator.But as a plowed through what the game had to offer, it became more and more repetitive and dull. The same decisions, the same problems, and very few solutions. After serving 2 terms as president (which takes about 3-4 hours on the hardest setting) my country had zero obesity, zero crime, zero unemployment and the best health, education and GDP.  I was only 4 hours into the game and I had beaten it. I decided to go to bed and after work the next day, I picked a different country, downloaded as much content via Steam Workshop as possible, and started a new game. 5 hours and 1 savefile later, I had beaten the game again.I keep asking myself ""Why would Positech go through the effort of making the great UI, soundtrack, animations etc, and only supply 4 hours worth of content? I decided to look through the homescreen to see if I was missing something when the notification popped up on my screen. An advertisement for the Extremism DLC. Turns out there are 3 DLC packs available, and an entirely different game with the exact same foundation, same mechanics, same UI and the same developer, Positech games.Positech has developed would could have been a great game but instead they decided to be greedy and split the game into 2 games and 3 DLC packs."
,Not Recommended,245470,12070109,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Sush,"This game would be ok for a browser flash game, it's poor and simplistic. Within 2 hours on my first attempt I had 95% of the electorate, no opposition, wiped out religion and 300 billion surplus per turn.In the end my 'liberal' voters assasinated me.I didn't even bother with focus groups or caring what the voters thought and just did everything that may be related to gdp, then I eventually taxed the income of my voters by 110% (no kidding, I had 60% income tax and a 50% flat rate tax).At least I bought it on sale, £20 is a joke."
76561198042407958,Recommended,245470,11361633,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Натали 'Комар',"Enjoyed playing this game and seeing all the connections between various aspects of a democratic society.  It is tempting to go to the extreme and see if you can solve a nation's problems while still remaining popular enough to get re-elected.  (Or avoid assassination by a fringe group.)This is more of an educational game for strategists and puzzle-solvers than for those that seek action and excitement.  (There are NO action scenes in this game... it all about charts and graphs.)As I enjoy puzzle-games and games that do not rely on my (poor) reflexes, this was an interesting change.MIght be something useful to show students in school how societal problems and solutions are interconnected."
76561198051025525,Not Recommended,245470,18030154,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,[Daos]BLACK KNIGHT,a lot of money in security forces... easiest difficulty... but a LOT of terrorist threaths and assasination attemptsit's a nice game but some of the laws don't count where you expect.
76561198074223406,Not Recommended,245470,9252534,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,ti_mo_n,"The game tries to make you think that you can run a country in any way you like to. But, in reality, there only are a few 'correct' ways to do things and these ways guarantee you a 99% in votes, pretty much all of the achievements and general happiness. On the other hand, if you try to play your way (and your way happens to be 'incorrect') you're pretty much done for.The game is extremely short: It takes about 1-2 hours to master it. From then, you can only play for achievements, because there's isn't really anything new going to happen.It's very linear/limited,  short,  and expensive. Maybe if it was priced below $10 I could recommend it to casual players. But currently it's too expensive to be a casual game and too limited to be a hardcore game.Oh, and its DLC adds less than the freely available mods, so even if you buy this game, stay away from the DLC -- just look up some interesting mods on the Steam Workshop."
76561198100773481,Recommended,245470,8340200,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Scottish LOL,"This game is amazing! A few people find bugs and errors but not me... Sips played it on his channel and made me want to play it and it was not a mistake! You can be the PM of Britain or President of the USA. You can be PM of Australia or Canada. You can be Chancellor of Germany. Each country you are in charge of starts with some epidemics. For example, when you play as Britain you start with an uncompetitive economy and an Asthma epidemic.There are a few factual errors, for example you can appoint speed cameras in Britain when, in fact, Britain IRL already has speed cameras. (At least Scotland does)Overall, Democracy 3 is a brilliant game if you love slow-paced, RP games. I give Democracy 3 a score of 3.9!"
,Recommended,245470,20855636,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,pancaked,"I was able to somehow to implement Ted Cruz's economic and social policies. Needless to say, but I was assasinated. +9/10 would demagogue again."
76561198029317087,Not Recommended,245470,11158669,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LordMadar,"Assassination Simulator 3 is a lackluster exercise in futility.In broad strokes, the gameplay experience was one of effecting sweeping and radical change based on personal philosophy and being assassinated in the first term; then reining it in and making more gradual, moderate policy decisions in direct response to the wants of the electorate and being assassinated in the first term; then deciding that the electorate seems happier with the status quo than any change, leaving things exactly as they are, and being assassinated in the first term; then giving up forever.In fine strokes, the gameplay experience is trying to interpret coarse data like popularity with the ""parent"" constituency into actionable information and learning through exploration, trial, and error that ""parent"" is game jargon for single-issue environmentalist because pollution = air quality = asthma = child = parent; then adjusting environmental policy, and just maybe postponing assassination by ""parents"" long enough to be assassinated by the ""Black Power Group,"" who are hair-trigger rabid about border controls, citizenship tests, and foreign aid -- I'm not making this up! -- then pondering whether the game is, in the final analysis, needlessly complicated, ludicrously simplistic, or paradoxically both; then deciding ♥♥♥♥ it and giving up forever.Add to that the pervasively partisan slant in copy and mechanics in a game marketed as an ideological sandbox, and graphics as immersive and spectacular as Microsoft Visio, and Democracy 3 is the kind of game you accept as a gift if offered and run once in the background for a handful of Steam trading cards.If you are considering purchasing Democracy 3, don't. You can get the same sense of inevitable and swift failure in a political setting from the award winning Papers, Please for 40% of the price, with comparatively revolutionary graphics and an actual sense of engagement and urgency, to boot."
,Not Recommended,245470,9245596,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Idiotech,"I really enjoy the concept of this game and for the most part it plays well. However, there are some fundamental problems with the game.The most obvious of these being the assasination system. Assasination should be a rare event and the result of exteme circumstances. You can turn it off in the menu, but to be honest this is a cop out of the part of the developer and it makes the intelligence system redundant.Aside from this, after a few hours of play I was finding that there were optimal ways to achieve success and not enough room to experiement with non standard policy choices. I understand that making a game like this must be very difficult but I find that the gameplay becomes hollow and predicatable after a while.Great potential and fun for a while but misses the mark due to some poor design decisions."
,Not Recommended,245470,32683601,Posted: 23 June,all,Moritz,"I normally don't write reviews, but this game left me no other choice.Bought the whole bundle at Steam Summer Sale, because I'm a big fan of political games and thought Democracy 3 would be fun for at least a short time, as well.Unfortunately, the game is literally unplayable. There is a bug, that makes you have 0% voters' support and 0 party members right from the start of a campaign.Because of that you just cannot play this game, since you will never be re-elected.Found out this issue exists now for more than two (!!!) years and the developers don't care at all.Stay far away from this game, it's broken."
76561198000095160,Not Recommended,245470,24297683,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Luminous,"Way boring. I like strategy games, but this one is way too simplified and complicated at the same time.  It's like skiing, easy to go through the game and finish it, however, very difficult to master and takes a lot of reading and experimenting to become truly an expert at this game. I would pay $5 tops for this game. It's such a simple program. You increase or decrease a stat, and it has an effect on your presidency one way or another. Simple if then statements. Do not buy unless less than $5."
,Not Recommended,245470,14885791,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,Good for 15 mins and then loses all interesting features.
,Recommended,245470,13688372,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,凤凰,"Playing this game has made me realise why politicians always look to the short-term.People love and hate you for doing exactly the things they want, or don't want.People don't care about what they need in the long term and you won't either, because if you fail your election, its game over for you anyway.For example, everyone loves education. So you spend more on education to keep them happy. Your budget deficit grows, you don't want to increase taxes because you want to keep them happy. You don't want to cut other fundings because you want to keep others happy too. Economy worsens, your credit rating drops. everyone suffers and blames you etc.P.S. This is a fun game to play before taking a macroeconomics course/degree.P.P.S. Steam Workshop has a good variety of mods that change gameplay and scenarios in interesting ways. Be sure to check it out as they really add value to this game. I recommendhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=337905322as a cheating tool, since it lets you learn and understand the game's mechanics faster so that your later playthroughs are less trial-and-error."
76561198157211814,Recommended,245470,18055653,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,kosmopolitês,"If you're a political person or enjoy economics this one's for you!  It's a turn-based political simulator, where you balance national budget and enact policies, all while trying to keep your constituents happy.  This is easier said than done in some situations and depends on how you choose to play. There are so many ways to approach a situation that it can be difficult to make a right choice, and being able to do so will often require presumptive strategy.  And, even if your strategy and execution are perfect, you can still sometimes fall victim to random chance.  To me, this all accumulates into a different, replayable game, and I'd say that this game is worth the money if it's on sale.  $30 is a bit steep, but, maybe not as this game has provided me with over 65 hours of entertainment, not to mention there are mods.  Ultimately, that is up for you to decide.  However, if you like anything I've said about this game, I'd recommend at least putting it on your watchlist, and catch it when it's on sale.P.S. This game has mods available"
76561198003111571,Not Recommended,245470,23989891,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,re_qkchung,"never can satisfy capitalist , even publicity problem is solved and vote is kill , you will suddenly killed by assassian"
76561198136924607,Recommended,245470,14792798,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Papa Dragon,"Just before I was assassinated,  I got Satallite road pricing, don't know what it is...just sounded cool10/10 would get assassinated by liberals againand againand once more before rage quittingand then once more"
,Recommended,245470,17997011,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,ахзурс,"The fact that I got a 99% approval rating with a socialist government without altering the settings makes me very happy :) Would recommend, very fun and rather addictive."
,Recommended,245470,12832168,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Dunston,"Amazing game. I picked this one up on discount- I don't think its worth the full price.Complex but easy to learn interface, with nice music.I no longer want to be the prime minister..."
76561198035135943,Recommended,245470,13950731,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,pbguardsman,"Wonderful game! It's a polical simulator which really reveals the sausage making. You will be assassainated many times before getting it right, but the game is awesome if you love politics."
76561198055343961,Recommended,245470,17687445,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TheEnthusedSkink,"This game sums up exactly why I hate politics but can't stay away. It's addictingly fun and challenging but will leave you wanted to bang your head against the wall as you scream at your monitor, asking why people can't just get over it and move on."
,Recommended,245470,13598681,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,NinjaBean1337,It's an okay game that will give most people a little bit of entertainment attempting to ballance everyones unrealistic wants while attempting to keep yourself from being assasinated and trying to find solutions where there aren't any. It will become mundane and tiresome after a few tries so unless you can get it deeply discounted it's not really worth it.
,Recommended,245470,13199730,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Anthony Lam,This game is excellent although mods are necessary for the full experience.
76561198061027252,Recommended,245470,9839330,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Jeremy Corbyn,"Complex and in depth and very well thought out, Democracy 3 is a fun and detailed strategy game. The gameplay is very well executed and constructed and creates an accurate simulation of the effects on different groups of people by Policy decisions."
,Recommended,245470,9648818,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,wyodak:emdefmek,"I legalized weed, and made evolution be taught in schools and I was assasinated by black people. What the hell."
76561198040639777,Not Recommended,245470,28977421,Posted: 3 January,all,rufrance,"I like the game, but I find it totaly American centric in certain aspects. No European democracy would have the same attitude to gun-control as in the US and the supposed reaction to tightening gun-control is completely out of sync with the reality of the UK, Germany and France which I have played. Disapointing that this is the case as it raises doubts about the configuration / game balance that have led me to stop playing the game."
,Recommended,245470,9583662,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Cuttsy,"Fantastic game! Good selection and detail of options, great events/ situations. I have recently had experiances of it saying the game has stopped working, please help me out! But apart from that, I approve this game and reccomend viewers to buy this game as it is one of those games you never need any particular mood to play.9/10 for me!"
,Recommended,245470,21605264,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Your Sanity,"I turned Canada into the most Technological Farmers in the world. They called it a utopia where everyone was equal. There was no Crime. There was no Health Problems. We landed a Canadian on Mars and even created sentiant A.I. Everyone was a patriot of the New Canadian Government. It may have been a Police State, but still. Utopia. Then came the assassination attemps by religious people  and the liberals. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,245470,35033992,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,Awesome for politics/econ nerds who like vide ogames
,Recommended,245470,35015128,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,"Better than Democracy 2, but not to any major extent. If you are torn between getting Democracy 2 or 3, go with the cheaper one. 8/10"
,Recommended,245470,25631581,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,luming,Learned a lot from it
,Recommended,245470,13606189,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Exodus,"On my first playthrough in Australia I was assassinated by religious people.On my second playthrough I abolished religion from schools and replaced it with science.  I ended up with 100% of the votes, no religious people and no-one questioned my authority.10/10"
76561198059642751,Recommended,245470,24005030,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GeneStealer,11/10 Accidentally eradicated poverty.
,Recommended,245470,21170542,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Chris O Semrik,"This game might be too expensive when it's not on sale, but once the price is reduced again for whatever reason - GRAB IT. I have never played a more entertaining political simulator. It made me care about my people, love them, hate them, make them suffer and prosper. Equality for all."
76561198114155630,Recommended,245470,7816739,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Shollyboster,"The game is very interesting, and with eight hours under my belt I can safely say this game has put me at many moral impasses.  It adds to the fun when I want to get more votes, but when I disagree with a bill."
76561198059392186,Recommended,245470,7876053,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The King In The North,"Democracy 3 is an excellent way to spend your money. Though some countries and issues may be slightly imbalanced, the wealth of ways to play an the possiblities of the modding community make it an excellent purchase!"
76561197997181047,Recommended,245470,7917437,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Carde,"Who doesn't want to be the person in control? On that basis this game is build and it is build well. Without a doubt there are some feelings of the devloper in this game and some options would without question have let to instant riots in real life, but truly those are minor points when you look at something so elegantly made.Not only does the game a good thing in guiding you around the game and the interface which by first glace might seem endless complex, but is yet ever so simple, it also gives you that wonderful feeling of ""See I can do this better.""I loved personally how I could transform any country to a wonderful place to life by my standards and have everyone behind me, because even if they don't like you, they will still vote for you if you do enough things that do please them.Wholehearthly recommended to anyone who has even a remote interest in the subject of politics, just beware when you quit from the game you do wonder more often why things are just not working out as smoothly in real life."
76561198093692389,Recommended,245470,22639120,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ranger Bert,"The olny game on steam harder than Dark Souls, i've never lasted longer than an hour before being Assasinated. Good luck and gods speed."
76561198063066383,Recommended,245470,8010722,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Proxel,Pretty awesome and relativley mature aswell as in-depth game. More stratagy based then you might think. Worth it ;)
76561198111687415,Recommended,245470,7965064,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Xan902,"This is a great wake-up call if you think it's easy to run a country.  The immense inter-linking of causes and effects makes you feel the presure of running a country.  Starting in a budget deficit, feeling the pressure of capitalists as your GDP tanks...you get the feel of a (almost) real politician.  And with the simple concept of political capital in a turn-based structure, there's a certain amount of availability to plan and strategize, but also realize that you can only push forward a huge plan by being immensely popular and liked.  Maybe my only gripe is the difficulty curve, because it takes a long time to figure out what links to what, but I give credit to the UI for making it really easy to find out how to improve many of the issues a country experiences.A good buy for anyone who likes a strategic simulator with realism (and for those who think it isn't real enough, the modding system is easy enough to understand so you can make it more real).  No need for warfare to make a good strategy game."
,Not Recommended,245470,16489702,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Ekiph,"If you happen to be a republican, don't even bother."
,Recommended,245470,13636626,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Last Armour,"I built lasting 16 years the government that all taxes decreased to zero, leaving only a flat to a minimum level. Then gave every one socialist pig free health care, opened borders, and saved over 1 thousand billions of dollars on national reserve account. I made one mistake. Gated communities and high trained police. After 16 years of peace and love ♥♥♥♥♥s just killed me. Ferguson incoming.9/11 would play again."
76561198007669754,Not Recommended,245470,30457334,Posted: 11 March,all,ratioromanus,Gets boring after a few hours of gameplay. Seems like leaders get assassinated willy-nilly in whichever world Democracy 3 takes place.
76561198069644636,Not Recommended,245470,29136223,Posted: 8 January,all,Spawnie,"I'm sorry but it's just not worth the pricetag (to me). It could've been a simple excel sheet too and then for the GFX it's just not enough to justify the price in my opinion. I have 10 hours on record, probably left it running in the background when surfing the net...I also have three of the DLCs (bought the pack) and wonder what it would have been without those... o_OIt looks like they re-hashed the concept for another game (Democracy Africa) and sales probably tell the most. While this sold fairly good, the new one doesn't. If this would have real fans, they would've bought the new one too."
76561198212645799,Recommended,245470,33455431,Posted: 11 July,all,[L.E.S] Pharaoh,Nice political game that allows player to choose the right consequences while playing as a country that full of problems. The other thing is the AI party is a quiet realistic and good.
,Recommended,245470,12399369,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,pinupattack,"A thoroughly enjoyable game with a lot of replayability, due to the various social groups, choice of countries to rule and political play styles.8/10Assassinated by liberals despite the wide variety of choice, good environment and lack of mandatory laws."
,Recommended,245470,12227898,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,President Gary Johnson,"This game has a generally boring appearance, but a playthrough of the game will easily show that this game is not boring at all.Things I like:•It is easy to align yourself with a specific ideology (capitalism, socialism, etc.).•The game is simplistic enough to understand, but still allows a general amount of micromanagement.•The game allows for easy modding and several of the mods look as if they were part of the game.•The DLC expands the game a great amount and is not very expensive.Things I don't like:•The game feels a bit expensive and although I enjoy the game, I was skeptical of buying it.•The Extremism DLC is not expansive enough (i.e. it allows the ban of homosexuality if you choose, but not the ban of religion, which would be a sort of opposing idea).•It is ridiculuously easy to be assassinated in the game. You can only assume that you, as a leader of a country, have absolutely no protection and have a target on your forehead. For example, I decided that my country should have retinal scans for those entering the borders (it was a test) and I was assassinated the next turn.•The game is a bit simple when it comes to names for various groups. For example, if you are assassinated by an ethnic group, it will ALWAYS be the ""Black Power"" group. This needs more diversity, as black people obviously do not represent all ethnic people.Overall, I recommend this game, along with its DLC. However, I would wait for a Steam sale to purchase it at a discounted price, because I can't really imagine having a desire to purchase this game if it is over $15 USD."
76561198064872487,Recommended,245470,22623742,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Killerjawa,Most replayability in any game I've ever played.and also you can get assasinated my nuns10/10
,Recommended,245470,10546002,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,hawk guy?,"If it's one thing this game has taught me, it's that I'm really, *really* good at getting assassinated"
,Recommended,245470,31164320,Posted: 15 April,all,Fascist Pat,Created a socialist paradise with all the taxation 10/10
76561198283851978,Recommended,245470,31783697,Posted: 16 May,all,EmirTheBeast,As I love politics I love this game. If in the future you are thinking to be a politician this game will help you with the bases of politics and helps you for the future.  Overall it is quite complicating but it is easy to get the ring of it if you try. Great game!
,Recommended,245470,10649125,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Papa Vlad,Realy challenging but SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO fUN!!!!!
,Recommended,245470,23372239,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Courage The Cowardly Dog,I fixed Germany but in the process turned it socialist.
,Recommended,245470,16565141,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,S U P E R S P A N K E R,"Democracy 3 by Positech GamesOkay. I will try to produce an honest and helpful review aboutDemocracy 3, which can be a little difficult... So here it is:Democracy 3 reviewSo, what doesDemocracy 3have to offer, you might ask? It looks really simple and, well, There's no simulation other then the red and green arrows pointing towards and away from bubbles with icons on them. Why should I buy such a dull looking game?Well, whatDemocracy 3has to offer is a great educational example of how hard it actually is to get everything working, follow your ideology (wether it might be conservative, nationalistic, totalitarian, socialistic, liberal etc.) and keep getting re-elected. No, it hasn't got a glorious PC master race Crysis 3 graphics style simulation. Instead of making things more complicated than they have to, it shows a simple and easy to use, hard to get lost in interface (which manages to look really good at the same time).Another reason for not having the most advanced interface possible is that this is most probably meant to be an educational game, teaching students how and why the government keeps breaking promises and negotiate with opposing parties. Its important not to be required to have asuper-expensive-gaming-computer-that-is-completeley-unnecessary-unless-you-are-a-super-rich-showofffor a teacher to show how a government works. It is a simplified version of how heads of state work, but yes  it gives quite a clear image of what you're up to if you are running for office.Another thing that striked me was the actual amount of content in the game. Imply new taxes and policies(INTERNET TAX MOHAHAHA!), make enviromentalists rage and motorists cheer as you decide to build new highways all over the country. Seriously, you can do A LOT in this game and the only thing stopping you is your economy ( a debt of £8 000 000 billion isn't going to help, I'm afraid). And don't even get me started on the economy. Once you learnt how to handle it, fine. If you don't, you're screwed.So, conclusion. If you are interested in politics and how countries are ruled, try it out. There is Steam refund y'know. Although a bit pricy (€22,99 seriously? It's not that big!) at the moment  so wait for a sale. I recommend it for most people who like intellectual games in general, that requires thinking and calculating risks and consequenses. If you like Cities:Skylines, previous Democracy titles, or almost any other game that makes you think (and frown as people complain about your majestic rule).The only real cons about this game: overpriced and quite stereotypical focus groups (I know it makes things a whole lot easier but not all religious beleive in creationism (I don't, have never done, WTF?) and not all liberals get mad about strict gun rules.) But it's a fun game, and I recommend you try it.My score: 7,5/10"
76561198101205577,Recommended,245470,12932739,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,spawnoverkill,better than i thought it would be. worth the buy.
,Not Recommended,245470,13652612,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,AtomicWriter,I cannot believe i wasted my money on this. I PRAY they give me a refund because this was a terrible game that should only be bought if you want to waste money. If i dont get a refund i will be very angry!
76561198066640185,Not Recommended,245470,12388642,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,PurplePetals,"Democracy 3 stands true to the description provided and overall it is an okay game. The game is fun for the first term or hour playing but soon after it becomes clear that the only true way to play the game is to simply conform to what all political parties or groups want. In reality a political party has an agenda set before they even campaign for an election and if they change any ideals or part of their agenda, they lose loyal supporters. Political parties realize that they cannot win every single vote which is why they usually focus on a few specific groups of people which could win the party the most votes.Democracy 3 completely ignores the standard election process and focuses only on political party happiness/approval and policies. The game doesn't introduce any new ways of playing after the first term and the only dramatic changes are with groups planning assassinations or with members of the cabinet leaving. Other events such as unhappiness with the general public and a declining GOP, which usually are extremely important for effectively running a government, become insignficant since the only information we receive are numbers and the player is never given any visuals about how these events are affecting the public. Even debt doesn't appear important.To make the game truly enjoyable after the first term, more time should have been spent into creating believable events that actually matter and using more than just policies to hold sway. Perhaps having severe consequences if the party completely switched ideals after making political statements or agendas.The game provided feels more like the skeleton of a potentially great game. More content and variation would have been great but as the game is, after playing for a little over an hour I became severely bored and uninterested. If I could undo the purchase I would have waited until the base game was only around two dollars."
76561198058968152,Not Recommended,245470,15691671,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,montereol,This game is hit or miss without a good sense of strategy. This game is missing alot of elements and not deep enough of a game that will keep you entertained. This is very similar to the older Political Machine from years past. To each is there own but I would wait until this game is super cheap before purchase..
,Not Recommended,245470,12292430,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,"Testiclees the Mighty, Ph.D.","With tremendous complexity but not enough impact thereon, Your role in Democracy 3 is primarily as a balancing act. The masses are difficult to understand and impossible to please, unless of course you want to investigate established strategies rooted in the code of the game.This game is made for those who want tremendous complexity in gameplay, but don't care about replayability or feeling of accomplishment."
76561197981564656,Not Recommended,245470,12488345,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Stalinizator,"""Why did i buy it"" and ""what a waste of money"" were two questions i asked myself when bought it.After playing i was thinking what does this gameplay remind me and i got it. Its when you play Sims on max speed trying to make your character smart or athletic so you do everything to keep these stupid bars green to make sure he is not tired and is fed. With addition of quite ascetic and dull interface and repetative gameplay this game seems to be overpriced above all.Also - choosing a country brings absolutely no feeling you rule this one exact country, they in fact, are all the same and belong to one economic system, and even in this situation Germany is all like USA or Canada, though in real life they hardly are, two party system for everyone, viva democracy, lets choose from two sorts of same crap. Looked like a very perfunctory game even to my narrowminded personality.Wish i was aware of Charlemagne add-on for Crusader Kings 2, so i could buy it instead of that. This game, ironically, has much more to do with politics than Democracy 3."
,Recommended,245470,14319908,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,dangernigga22,"Bought it for the campaign, 10/10."
76561198015119925,Recommended,245470,13728508,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Diarf,"This is an ambitious game, despite its admitted flaws. After all, this is a political simulator, making it difficult to account for all of the variables that go into politics. One obvious example, is this game doesn't take into account appearances, the way a candidate speaks, etc.What is here, however, is a surprisingly in-depth political sim that treats every voter like a rational actor. Taking that at face value, the game has plenty to offer. It is just as fun to carefully micro-manage your country from the brink of fiscal ruin as it is to watch the assassination attempts pile up should you make embarrassingly awful decisions.All in all, I've gotten a lot of enjoyment out of the game, but I'd recommend picking it up in a Steam sale.7.5/10"
76561198089155117,Recommended,245470,13598504,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Shetlandguy,Great gameAs a person who is really intersted in current affiars this game is allmost 100% spot on sometimes im slightly confused by the affects on certian policys but it other than that its agraet simulator if you see it on this years deal for £3.75 BUY BUY BUY again almost worth £18.99 definetly buy even if your not intersted in govermental issues.overall:Great SimNot BuggyEasy to understandAnd fluent contorlos
76561198077245207,Recommended,245470,14101974,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Sander_H,Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!
76561198048161334,Not Recommended,245470,24993788,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,mrgreen9705,"Let me start off by saying that I like Democracy 3. It is a great concept. However it falls short for a number of reasons.1: Making a game about politics is hard.Everybody has their own dream utopia and even though the developer has done a good job his personal opinions still manage to shine through. The consequences of certain actions and policies are not realistic compared to real life examples.2: BudgetsI find it really hard to maneuver the economic sliders in this game. It is hard to understand just how much money I need to make something work properly and how much I can spend without breaking my budget. The result is an ever present feeling of always thinking that you are spending a bit too much or not enough.3: MinistersThe game has only one resource, Political Capital. You obtain it through your ministers every turn. Each minister has their own political allegiances and for some reason you are not allowed to pick the ones you like before you start your term. I often found their loyalty to crumble eventually and I never quite figured out how to assemble the most effective cabinet. Overall it felt like an annoying distraction from the main game.4: DLCWith such a minimalistic game I would have expected there to be more nations aviable to play. Packaging a series of additional policies and events that should have been present in vanilla as 5€ DLC is not in any way okey."
,Recommended,245470,17370462,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mustang,Still the best political management out there with a large margin
,Recommended,245470,13150360,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jason Bluefire,"This is a good game, for the right type of person. I defiantly like how it shows and teaches people how different government policies are related. It is very frustrating trying to get everything balanced out so everyone is happy but once you realize and accept you can’t please everyone, the game becomes a lot less frustrating and you can better enjoy the complexity of it."
76561198115707787,Recommended,245470,14856525,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,D'Kid,it will help u to become the next president lol !!!!!
76561198116492961,Recommended,245470,14016418,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Tarfun,"An interesting prospect; one which i must admit i thoroughly enjoy, mostly. My first attempt to make a Fascist police state failed miserably as i ended up trying to please the socialists and just annoyed all parties. My second fared far better as a Socialist/Liberal state, the conservatives and the rich men in the glass tower were annoyed, but heavy taxing of the rich allowed for more money on benefits and state care, sort of like most people's worst dreams.All in all great fun if you want to tax the hell out of the rich capitalists 'pigs'; but, it is equally fun to crush the 'peasantry' with an iron fist.10/10 for high corporate taxing!"
76561197965359457,Recommended,245470,14794668,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MrBoombastic,"If you're very into the stats and numbers side of strategy games and also fancied yourself as a future leader of a country, then this could be the game for you.  The extensive mods available also mean the game can be tweaked in a variety of ways, from adding new countries to play as or, adding new policies to choose from."
76561198009908916,Recommended,245470,14815297,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Fake News,"After becoming the leader of Germany, I attempted to create a nazi utopia. Lets just say the nuns weren't happy..."
,Recommended,245470,16366347,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,EdelWaffe,♥♥♥♥♥off Liberals simulator 2015
76561198044619547,Recommended,245470,13823539,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Caasi,The ethnics minorities assassinated me on my first try. idk why11/10
,Recommended,245470,16916795,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,XII,"""Greatest Political Assassination Simulator of all time 8/10"" - IGN""Needs animated assassination scenes 6/10"" - G4"
76561198048981825,Recommended,245470,25551722,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,aeroline,Really fun political strategy simulation!
76561198020441519,Not Recommended,245470,24147050,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,amethyst7,"Neat concept, but gets boring fast due to the goals always feeling the same. Even when the percentages for the different groups you are trying to sway start different from another game, they always seem to migrate toward the same end results. As such, it seems like policies will generally feel like they're going to have the same effect.This is countered by the fact that so much just seems completely random that you can't really make educated choices. Ministers or activist groups will say they want you to support Thing X, and when you start doing things to support them, they get madder. My best strategy so far seems to be to completely ignore all of that, and then I start to feel like nothing I'm told matters.Maybe the whole thing is just a joke about politics, and how nothing we do matters, because people are fickle... but that's not a very fun game."
,Recommended,245470,19543846,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Die Roboter,"Even though it was over 2 years since Democracy 3 came out and I played it, something about it made it great but also a disaster in a way.For one it was a bit overpriced, although with the DLC and base game on sale I would recommend it to strategy/political gamers out there although its replayability, gameplay, and quality could be called into question.Unfortunately its a hard game (much like politics funnily enough), but if you enjoy trying to come up with solutions on how to raise your country to the ground or rise above all of its problems, or even have several extremist groups make attempts on your life, then this is the game for you Buster Brown!"
,Recommended,245470,19545686,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,talanas,Highly recommended for sim and micromanagement lovers.
,Recommended,245470,13603355,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,pooleythebear,Banned Gay Marriage.Was Assassinated.11/10
76561197993919345,Recommended,245470,19742046,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Hobo McChicken©®™,"I am torn on this game. Really, Democracy 3 is little more than Democracy 2 with a new skin and some added content through DLC. You don't really get that democratic experience. I would really hope that in Democracy 4 (if there is one) that they would tailor their democratic experience a little bit better. For instance, if you play as the leader of the U.S., then you should have to balance your needs against the will of Congress (which the executive has to do). They could factor in midterm elections and if you lose control of Congress then your Political Capital costs increase. If you control Congress then Political Capital costs should either decrease or change based on how much you control Congress. In Parliamentary systems, you should have to balance your desires with the desires of your coalition partners. If you don't balance those needs, your coalition can rebel and you have to hold early elections.I'm also frustrated with the slider bars when you start a new game. They say they are for ""advanced"" users, but they never explain what the sliders do (except for the ""difficulty"" slider, which you can really guess what it does on your own). It would be nice to be able to modify those sliders to bring about new changes in your games.It would just be nice to have more to a ""democracy simulator"" rather than just clicking on some policies, adjusting some sliders, and managing a budget. It needs to feel like you're leading a country and managing it rather than just ruling by fiat. Maybe there could be policies that allow you to slowly chip away at the foundation of democracy and establish a presidential (or Prime Ministerial) dictatorship. But as it is, I'd say Democracy 3 is an enjoyable experience but only for a limited time."
,Recommended,245470,8585337,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ankle juice,"It's a very nice game, well worth the money and has many mods. It can actually be addicting at times."
,Recommended,245470,9756921,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,BinaryDoom,A beautiful geo political simulator with out the messy interface. 10/10 love it!!!
76561198016991753,Recommended,245470,9775408,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Mcfox,"Fantastic game, help me gained a new perspective of the political world as a college student. With a basic understanding of political science and economics, i find this game extremely intriguing."
,Recommended,245470,9670703,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Hiroga Katageri,"Through the course of failing my country several times, I have now found a way to become the King/President of my country forever with my mighty ruling scheme. Anyway this is a great game if you want to experience being a King/President of a country. Extremely difficult at start, you have to analyze your choices and carefully decide. Excellent Game!"
,Recommended,245470,9747783,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Jec178,Interesting and entertaining. Allows you to see things from the government's point of view as well as your own.
,Recommended,245470,10201991,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,LiquorandGunFun,"I balanced the budget with a surplus, full education, full welfare, fully funded science programs, cut taxes for everyone, and got assassinated by liberals 3 times in a row. Imagine that."
76561198119547648,Recommended,245470,12502198,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Owz,"When i started playing this game I was extremely sceptical, the bubble charts and graphs appeared overcomplicated and unnecessary. However I couldn't be more wrong, the layout (Despite no map or more direct link to the world) gives an overview of everything that you could possibly need, all linking to each other through direct or indirect means. The gameplay itself is actually simplistic, with only a few minutes needed to get to grips with the basics, learning the more complex systems as I progressed. As well as this, the game is a perfect anecdote factory, with numerous tales being spun as you play and progress as ruler of a country. Re-create 1984, or turn your country into your idealistic world, this games works for everyone. Amazing !"
,Recommended,245470,8697785,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,OutlawedSpank,"A very good game if you want to run a country politically. The mods add much more too.  It took my 3 hours to get 27/30 achievements, however be aware the vanilla game has a very left wing bias. Free market and capitalism leads to high crime and poverty and the idea of buying your way out of a recession is possible in this game.To get the free market achievement i literally led a country to ruin.recommend on sale"
,Recommended,245470,9133269,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,AnyKnight,want to rule♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the wrong people? then this game is for you
,Recommended,245470,9150630,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,rezəɡˈnāSH(ə)n,I recommend this game if you want to take it easy and think before you make a move.
,Recommended,245470,9379810,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Lyserg,"It is not more than a simulation, but for people who like government-simulations, only base on buttons and regulation, it is one of the top games. Also to mod other nations and policies can give this game more options, so you can playing it for a longer time."
76561198065700500,Recommended,245470,9404774,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,TechieNinja,"Such an interesting, fun, and challenging game that really makes you think about government. Lots of fun to play in a group with friends."
,Recommended,245470,9444698,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,joshbrrr,"I got killed by Terrorists 30 minutes into the game. Meh, that's Democracy. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,9461090,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,liz steven's ass,there were threats of assassination from the socialistsso i did everything i could to♥♥♥♥♥♥them offit took them 3 attempts to assasinate mei am omega10/10 i love this game
76561198065908383,Recommended,245470,9594852,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,jmpveg22,"Wish they would make another DLC to make the game more complex.  Maybe add in things such as population increase or decrease as a result of policies.Also maybe have a way you play as new candidates once term limit is reached.Game gets a bit reptetitive, but it is a good start. I'm hoping the devs are working on improving it more b/c it has a lot to offer."
,Recommended,245470,9625008,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,TribalSkyGod,"Brilliant game. Takes a couple of games (in addition to the tutorial) to get familiarized with how everything works, but once that happens you will find yourself thinking about how every little policy change will affect the whole social web of your country directly and indirectly. My only complaint is that after overcoming the initial crises and making your country bloom, there doesn't seem to be anything else to do.Still, gave me a new appreciation for just how much a political leader has to take into account and balance out, and how difficult it is to please everyone."
76561197984902903,Recommended,245470,22642003,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MelvWolfe,"It is a good and fun game for running domestic affairs of a country. Unfortunately it has no real foreign affairs for you to deal with directly, as your actions on an international stage should affect approval ratings."
76561198008419374,Recommended,245470,22810357,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Delta041,"If you ever wanted to kow how it would be to run a county or if you ever wanted to see what might happen if certain policies were enacted in a particular country, well then this is a game for you. The simulation is grait an I had not experianced any bugs in the game so far. What is most impressive is the modding. It is a blast to mod the game. I almost prefere it to playing. But that is just me. Like many people I to made a mod of my county simply because I could. :) I really wanted to make as accurate representation as possible.  I loved every hour that I sank in to it and I hardly have any complaints. The biggest one I could poste is the fact that the pop. in the county does not change and there is no way to let say, set the number of active workers in one contry. Everything is based of the total pop.. Maybe that is a plan for a future DLC or D4 :) The game is not to expensive and it has a good Forum to satisfy all the questions in the world."
,Recommended,245470,8674212,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,theTrav,"Fantastic game.Be warned, that it's a little like playing spreadsheets.  No action and a hefty learning cliff before you can enjoy it.Once you get into the grove however it generates some extremely amusing and fun stories, and encourages a great appreciation for the balancing act that has to take place when trying to steer a nation.My only criticism would have to be that once you ""solve"" the game, it loses all challenge."
76561197992527252,Recommended,245470,9447075,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Melns_Vilks,"Being the sucker for political drama that I am I added this game to my list of interests with the patience all gamers enjoy like leaving the new tasty treat in the fridge that we tell ourselves will be a solemn commitment one of these days. Once opened however I was...actually totally impressed. The game is simplistic in approach but amazingly easy to grasp, full of sandbox similar glee moments and a full set of customisation options for your choice of state to take control over. The game begins with you taking the reins of power over one of the major Western powers at the beginning of the 21st century with a multitude of local affairs to deal with ranging from GDP to violent crime, education and immigration. But the thing that I recommend most specifically about this game is that even if you don't appreciate politics...I still think you will have fun. If you ever took sadistic glee when playing Sim City to develop a nightmarish Orwellian society where every person lived under your watchful gaze then this game offers even more specific ways to do it. Or if you feel just like a fun simulator to wizz through while chatting to friends then I heartly recommend also. It's easy to decide on your own level of involvement yet easily well worth a discounted price on Steam considering the mod community and replayability. Check this one out. Oh...and you can pi*s off some demographics enough that some groups attempt to assassinate you - I'm not making that sh*t up."
,Recommended,245470,8757040,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Richy B.,"Really enjoying Democracy 3 - it's an excellent time sink. Yes, it's not massively graphical, but if you like games such as Civilization, Roller Coaster Tycoon but instead of micro-managing things would much prefer to be able to ""set policies"" which will then, hopefully, increase your peoples satistifcation - then this is a brilliant game. It's interesting to see counter-effects when a policy to improve X is introduced (for example, but making your country highly scientific, you'll get a lot of cyber-attacks)."
76561198097312466,Recommended,245470,9630578,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,🅱️inky,"I definitely recommend this game to anyone who's very into politics, if you are not into politics you will hate this game. The game has a lot to offer but is somewhat lacking in the fact that there's really very little variety in terms of consequences for your actions. You will spend the entire game at one screen, tweaking taxes and changing laws, it's definitely not an action packed game. The game is not worth the full value in my opinion, but definitely pick it up if it's on sale.7.5/10"
76561198036866883,Recommended,245470,9812503,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Dallas,"For a simple interface, the game has it's challenges.  I highly recommend this game, however, I did get it on sale.  I would not rate this a 30.00 USD plus value, so that said, if you can catch it on sale it's worth your time and money.  Smooth gameplay that flows quickly.  A solid game that can run a playthrough in 2 to 3 hours.  Great for gamers not looking for the long haul time investment in a playthrough."
,Recommended,245470,34853304,Posted: 9 September,all,The Guest,6/10
,Recommended,245470,35187867,Posted: 24 September,all,Zandy12,"The best political game out there. Really shows you the challanges faced when running a country. 10/10 The electioneering mod was a disaster (I had bugs) but the other mods, including community-made mods, work flawlessly and make the game more enjoyable. Very fun and educational."
76561198272221058,Recommended,245470,35353374,Posted: 30 September,all,Cameron Hall,"Probably the best game for anyone interested in politics. With a wide modding scene, the boundaries of this game are endless. Trying to solve real world problems without upsetting your voting pupil, or ruining other categories make the game both difficult and enjoyable. Would definitely recommended"
76561198273456047,Recommended,245470,24091967,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vault boy,Awesome game.... but make sure you pick it up on sale price.
76561198060028102,Recommended,245470,23873113,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Flang Dabbit,"Democracy 3 is a game where time will only be killed, as such, for as long as you can be bothered to sit through, effectively the same two screens over and over. Although what am I to say, i've spent 8 hours of my life playing it when they could've been playing Football Manager. Democracy 3 is a game of simple ""point 'n' click"" action with a few sliders and economic control but each action can have dire consequences when you throw in a little bit of terrorism and disease. A very easy game to learn, a very hard game to master. 7/10 - Billy Toms"
,Not Recommended,245470,23891793,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wrath,"In a question of whether or not you should buy this game, I think the answer depends on what your experience with Democracy is. If you're here because you got Democracy 2 five years ago and want to give it a shot again, I urge you to locate 2 again and stay home. If this would be a brand new type of game for you, well then we can keep talking. But, coming from Democracy 2, this game has some serious issues. Like, horror-scifi pull-off-your-friend's-skin-and-wear-it-as-a-hat-do-you-like-me-better-now level of disturbingly bad ideas for a game that styles itself as brand new for $25 with $15 of DLC.The interface is the same. The way you interact with policies, ministers, dilemmas, the way you view your budget, opinion polling, focus groups – these are all the same and are styled the same. Maybe the color of the charts is sliiightly different and the background is sliiightly different, but it's the same.Policies are the same. Like the exact ones. And, of course, you would expect some of them to reoccur. It would be pretty difficult for you to have a nationstate simulator game without involving things like ""income tax"" as a policy, so some of them can get a free pass. But when Democracy 2 has, let's say, sixty policies and every single one of them shows up here again with the same icon, description, and slider effects, that's a little cheap.The dilemmas are the same. Turns are measured in quarters and every quarter or two there is a life threatening political crisis in your government that you have to rule on. What is cheap and disappointing is that these dilemmas are literally copy-pastes from Democracy 2. Again, I can understand talking about some of the same issues, but to have the exact same right-ups to the letter? Are you kidding me?So basically, if I want something different and larger than Democracy 2, I have to pay the price of Democracy 2 and five dollars, plus one to three five dollar DLCs (one of which is completely game-breaking) and then maybe it will have some semblance of a different experience? Please.That's okay, I'm newAn understandable way to deal with horror is to not know it's there at all. But even then, we have some familiar problems. So, here in Democracy 3, we take the roles of real nations in the world. Those nations come as the base game and then there's some more player-created ones that exist in the Steam Workshop. But if I wanted to take a country like the United Kingdom, basically, there WILL ONLY be the Conservative Party and Labour and it is impossible for anything else to exist at all. Your party will only ever have one opponent, it will be the same opponent every time, and you will never have to worry about one or more parties eroding your power because apparently if you win an election, you win 100% of your representative seats or at least always have a majority and will never need to compromise anything in your policies.That is fundamentally not how UK politics works or Canada or Spain or hardly any of the options for playable countries. You will not always have a ruling party dictatorship and be able to fully implement whatever program you want or change in spending that you want if you simply ignore the other party and wait a while.But it is how the US works.So, if you are an angry conservative farmer from Kentucky which, based on the angry reviews on here, most players are, this game makes a great deal of sense to you regardless of what country you play as and only pisses you off because you were previously unaware how much the federal government spends on welfare. But if you expect something other than US politics like the novelty of working with coalitions and trying to use policies and ideas that no one has seen before or something that is unique to your nation, you're going to be sorely disappointed. There's just so many awesome things that could have been included in this game, but were not.As far as the economy goes, there seems to be a bug with the global markets because I kept encountering games where the global economy was at 0% for two or three years at a time, rise back to 20% and then crashed again. You can get around this by having punitive fifteenth century Chinese tariffs and pretending nothing outside your nation exists.Finally, taking a note from the angry farmer from Kentucky, this game IS slider simulator. All of the gameplay takes place on having policies switched on or off and then a slider to control how much of that policy you want active or how forcefully you want to implement it and to what cost. This affects one or more of 21 demographic groups which, depending on what percentage of the electorate they represent, determines your overall popularity. This means that there is a ""sweet spot"" for maximizing your economy and/or your approval and, while there are different start conditions you can have, like how religious your country is or what your starting crises are, ultimately all playable countries essentially have the same sweet spot combinations, and I'll be the first one to tell you that the same policy doesn't work for everyone everywhere.Now that I have it, I will probably play it again every once in a while, but a game like this could have done a lot more and been a lot more fulfilling, so I can't recommend it, especially at its cost."
76561198143815464,Not Recommended,245470,23903422,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,bhreno.paladino,"In the beginning I felt a little confused by the complex mechanics of the game, but, after some hours of playing things got very interesting.I really enjoyed playing the game.Buuuut...after a few hours of playing, everytime that I can get passed a new election, after some quarter changes the games crash in the exact moment of the saving, corrupting the save file and not letting me continue my game.I am really upset about this and would like a feedback from the developer staff."
76561198302056980,Recommended,245470,31106184,Posted: 12 April,all,dgrunge7,"So how do you play this??  Just kidding, this game is so addictive and fun to play. Two thumbs way way up from me!"
,Recommended,245470,12626471,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Heinrich von Wiesel,"I'm sure at one point in your life you've claimed that you could run your country better than the idiot in charge who is living off welfare. With Democracy 3, you have the opportunity to run your country, and see how much better you do. Enact policies, save failing economies, hire advisors, and try not to get assassinated! If your country isn't already in the default game, then hop on the workshop and download a mod for it! A great little strategy game with fitting music, Democracy 3 is sure to always keep you wanting to play more after every time you get assassinated."
,Recommended,245470,13599889,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Darth Flug,Communism is real. That´s nice ☭
76561198153721303,Recommended,245470,23865748,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,theoaffonso2002,"This is a good game. The mechanics are complex but still possible to get a handle on if you pay attention. It really helps you think about the way everything is connected and the fact that there just isn't a magic solution for your country's problems.Or rather, that there is one solution, but that it's unfortunately money.Unfortunately, at least with the starting countries (I never got the DLC and I hear that african countries are very much not the same), that means that once you realize this, there's not that much diversity to be had unless you wish to self enforce some rules.As soon as you start to have a truly positive ledger, the only thing that can slow you down is a global markett colapse, which granted, happens often enough. The starting issues aren't varied enough to have a really meaningful impact past the first half of your mandate if you know what you are doing.It's a great game, that I wish I'd had when going through civics in school, but not that much replay value without mods or DLC. All in all, worth it though, since the price is pretty low."
,Recommended,245470,13738363,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mike,Attempted to make a secular society by cutting subsidies to faith schools and was assassinated by a group of right wing religious nutjobs.10/10
,Recommended,245470,13142846,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Fenix,"Fun strategy/simulation game, gives an idea of how the system works, and how everything is connected (laws, policies, voters, situations).There are some funny features and achievements and, well.. you can run a country and see how it goes. Do it 1, 2, 3 times and you'll feel satisfied, and get almost every achievement on these runs. But while on it you can make a socialist republic, a police state, 'murica, or even try to please the capitalists.Change the country funds the way you want, invest in public education and feel the impact on private education. Invest in health, security or whatever else you want, but you'll see how hard it is hard to make everyone happy.About the mechanics, it's a pity that some events don't make a big impact in the game, but only in one turn or on a group's mood. It is also funny how after i got ~100% approval i could do lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥and still get reelected easily, repeatedly.I'd recommend it if bought on a good discount, as I did, for this game is quite complex in its background, but after you play a few times and understand how it works, it can get repetitive/boring. It really entertained me though.TL;DR I don't think the original price suits it well, but the game is good.7/10"
76561198008576331,Recommended,245470,15772667,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Ag1ad,Got to eradicate Greece's economical problems by simply adding a mere 300 Bn Euros to the initial debt.10/10 m80 would reelect again.
,Recommended,245470,12834457,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,StBlaize,Was killed by a religious cult.
76561198052294228,Recommended,245470,26486862,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Alphatech,"A decent but hard game if you havnt a clue about politics, needs to be anually updated to keep the political landscape current  which as time goes buy makes its current setup more and more irrevent with current politics around the world. even if they flogged a dlc based with the current mayhem going on in america and europe would of been nice ,, a missed oppertunity for developers to of made some extra cash and increase an interest in the game generally.for its type of game its still in a own legue but developers could of done more especially this year."
,Recommended,245470,16388588,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,johnwonderbread,"The game showed promise during the first 45-60 minutes. It seemed deep enough with enough variables to continue to challenge the player, but ultimatley fell short. The UI is incredibly intuitive and straightforward, despite all of the menus and submenus you'll go through (spoiler alert, it's a ton). But, after about 90 minutes I started winning elections with 92% of the vote and had a budget surplus of nearly $75bn. I'd have taken it as a ""win"" and started a new round, except the prompts, in-game ""crises"" and issues that pop up each quarter for you to solve started repeating themselves. As such, the game wasn't nearly as deep as I thought it was when I first picked it up. I've logged 2 hours, probably won't log anymore."
,Recommended,245470,9010252,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,moomasterq,I was killed by a black extremist group for making the death penalty for most crimes.  Would play more.
,Recommended,245470,9052166,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Rello,Might of played this game for a short time but still im running Straya better then Abbot
76561198029599864,Recommended,245470,8987761,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,nohypotheticals,"I've only played through one game of this and it was pretty fun. I don't think its worth $30 though. If you can get it for cheap, try it out. Very niche game."
,Recommended,245470,10481116,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,H0LMZTRUp,"if you like business and politics this is a game for you. funny at first, but there's one simple way to win everytime making it boring. And that is rather quickly."
,Recommended,245470,10597021,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wolf_brother,"Really fun for the first time playing, ok for the second. But the game isn't balanced at all. There's a few expansions that simple add more options, but ultimately the core game is the same. There's no real repeatability as there's a very simple route to 'winning,' that the game will even steer you toward. It's incredibly easy to pass every piece of legislation, run a positive budget with over a trillion in surplus banked, and have the clear majority of your populace love you so that you handily win every election.Don't get me wrong, thisisa fun game. Just not worth the full price. A good catch if you can grab it on a big sale; if you have money burning a hole in your pocket and looking for a simple but fun strategy game pick this up, otherwise hold off."
,Recommended,245470,10772409,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,⧸›gh℮ist⌬,"I have greatly enjoyed this game so far! I like how the socialists took about 6 tries to kill me, but the capitalist's hitman took me down on his first try. That's a nice touch.I just wish that the numbers representing Government income were on a sliding scale, like the the income for the classes. Having cost history and income history automatically show up next to a policy would be nice as well, and there is plenty of room for it."
76561198086655225,Recommended,245470,11064407,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SiR,":BUY IF ON SALE:This is very interesting fun political simulator. the gole of the game is pretty basic, get re-elected. Of course its not as simple as that.The game is set up in a board game like view with little bubbles representing diffrent laws or policies. By clicking on one of them it gives you the option to raise the budget, lower the budget, or abolish it. Depending on what you do it will change other things in the country of your choice. Like banning guns will lower crime but make most people mad at you. Doing these things changes how amny people will vote for you. There are also many fun little gimicks added in that make the game more interesting, like the threat counter. If you do something to make one group mad the threat counter raises for them and evetualy they might assassinate you.Now do I like the game? Well its kind of a mixed bag.Pros:- Interesting gameplay- Fun gimicks- Sense of humor- Great cause and effect systemCons:- Repetetive- Too easy- Bad tutorialVerdict:Good game but wait till its like 10 dollars."
76561198131904681,Recommended,245470,10775725,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jronguitar,"I'll start by saying I have never played this series. Like others have said, the beginning of a game is full of challenge and cool decisions, but once you get the hang of it and get everything in balance, u can pretty much next turn it until u get bored. The gameplay consists of clicking icons and sliding, well, sliders. Some choices u make make ya feel good. Compromising is sometimes necessary. I don't know how realistic the reactions of the populace are, but it seems like u can get re-elected when u kno ppl in this country would never go fer that s**t. (Well, then again...lol.)So I dunno...get it on the cheap and its a 7/10.Full price 5/10."
,Recommended,245470,11541634,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Hamsterslayer,"Out of nowhere, I just got randomly assassinated by the Black Power group. Then I started a new game, legalized abortion, and got assassinated by Catholics. Oh well, I guess I'm done for the day."
,Recommended,245470,9078010,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,edgy,"Way to simple, but quite entertaining (at least for a short ttime)"
76561198030555686,Recommended,245470,13841522,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SS Papa Bear,"After surviving several assasination attemps, i finally created a crime free utopia!!! Right after that achievement, i got assasinated by the ""bettenburg group""...........AWESOME!!!!"
,Recommended,245470,7799069,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gram,5/5 in its categoryThe only game I found that can satisfy my need for manipulating difference social policy and visually seeing how they work/fail. I would highly recommend the game if you are like me and have often thought about better ways to run a country. Only con's I can think of is the 2-party election and political capital mechanics.I look forward to seeing new policies added in time (official or by mod).
,Recommended,245470,9025025,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Numitron,"It's hard to explain why it's fun to save your country from debt, but it is. You gotta like sliders and economy management, in which regard the games gets pretty deep, though.The game is hard at first, as you obviously want to push your own belief in the game at first, which is certain doom.To turn your conservative and religious state into a furiously liberal socialist one, you have to be patient, and do everything every group asks without any moral convictions at first. The first priority is to avoid deficit, because when you get caught in the debt machine, interest rate shoot up so high you are stuck in an unescapable spiral into financial catastrophe (like what happens right now). Carbon tax and fixed income tax can get you out of debt pretty quickly. Slowly, you invest in education, start banning prayer and creationism from schools, investing in science, slowly eating into the religious group until they are left without any voting (or assasination) importance. Then, promote commuters and start wellfare programs while slowly paying the national debt, decreasing interest in capitalistic ventures. When, finally,  the debt is paid and you start stockpiling money in hundreds of billions, hit the capitalists hard with wellfare and more social programs until their number plummet down. Lower taxes and invest in the happiness of the wealthiest groups to stabilize the GPB with a small growth. Continue until you end up in the green for everyone except the capitalists and religious.Congratulations, you just created a techno-socialist utopia!But, what then? After you figure out something like this, the game doesn't have much replayability. But it was quite of fun and it was worth it."
76561198073500891,Recommended,245470,9163535,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,BluNights,this game is great for a pure political simulater or if you want to drive the world to madness and destruction.
,Recommended,245470,10104507,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ThatLazyLlama,Who knew running an entire country was so hard./r/dataisbeautiful would love this game
76561198042030749,Recommended,245470,10578826,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,GlobularDuke,Killed by youth group. 10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,245470,9445758,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Yuri AF,"I lasted 36 minutes being the president of Spain. Socialists killed me. GOTY, 11/10."
,Recommended,245470,9507872,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,you stole fizzy lifting drinks,It's a fun game to play around with.
76561198006615994,Recommended,245470,7859029,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Carlito,This is a fun game you have to play as the prime minister or president depending on what country you picked and balance your agenda with keeping the populace happy and make them want to vote for you. Doesnt have any graphics but its really fun to role play and introduce crazy laws or see how quickly you can change a country to become something really crazy.
76561198054047504,Recommended,245470,10558397,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Masclins,"I really recommend this game for those who will enjoy trying to manage different thinks at once.Even though, the game's kinda easy to simply stablize, so you'll enjoy the game only if you look for trying new things with every play."
,Recommended,245470,9146461,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"I can make a ♥♥♥♥ing communistic America, and be the party The Anime Communists. So yes, the Anime Communists are in power in the USA. My life is completeRATING: 10/10 - LET'S GO GET A DRINK"
76561197995582357,Recommended,245470,9146725,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,[LotBF] tracaus,"This is an interesting game that gives you a good perspective on the challenges of managing a country. It is definitely biased toward liberal polices, so that will either be a plus or minus depending on how you lean. Spoiler alert: Winning formula. The easy formula to this game is to drastically reduce military spending and increase social programs (education, welfare). I win every time with this strategy. I've also tried to implement a more conservative approach, but even with a 91% approval rating, I get assasinated by a liberal group every time. If you buy the game, you just have to know going in that you need to play with a liberal and socialist mind set. I'd give the game 3/5 stars because it is interesting, but no more because it only works with a tax and spend strategy."
76561198075979410,Recommended,245470,9150109,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Etcetera,After having a majority vote of 75% and turning the USA into a mix of Autocratic and Socialist idealogies I was assassinated by a Far-Left Liberal extremist.Who woulda thunk it?
,Recommended,245470,11199162,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Dichotomi,"Who doesn't like to end poverty wile driving your country into a debt crisis and claiming the West Bank as your own? Killer drones, crazy spy agencies, and let's not forget TAXES!An AMAZING strategy simulation! A must have for anyone that is remotely interested in politics or just enjoys single player strategy games.The developers are also AMAZING! If there is ever a problem, they actually work with you and communicate what they are doing. They make sure you know that you are important as a customer and that they take their products seriously and back them 110%! (If you don't beleive me, take a look at the forums ... see for yourself the amazing amount of interaction and care given)Fair Warning, Democracy 3 is COMPLETELY ADDICTING with or without mods (of which there is a pluthera to enjoy and tinker with). Positech makes great products, and takes seriously complex game processes and makes them user friendly and easy to understand.Long story short, BUY THIS GAME! Easily in my top 3 of all video games I play!"
,Recommended,245470,10633818,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Olly,I love it
76561197998255697,Recommended,245470,22447528,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,KrisJay,Spreadsheet country simulator. If only all the real-life problems could be solved with sliders and coloured bubbles.
,Recommended,245470,10115200,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,_R_,"Definenetly a good game, just make sure to restart and rachet up the difficulty once it becomes easy. Even if you don't, however, there will still be some fun suprises; assasination attempts and the global economy going back to the stone age are my favorites."
76561198112594984,Recommended,245470,10574487,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mitch50700,"Worth the investment, A lot of fun and hard thinking involved!"
,Recommended,245470,7675562,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Genome,"Excellent game, great simulator, and it is only getting better as time goes on."
,Recommended,245470,8673871,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MissBunny,"This game is the hilarious of epitome of ""you can't make everyone happy."" Yep. No one will be happy and you most likely will be killed off by the Black Power Group before your next term. But you can tick off the religious peeps because they won't blast your door down and beat your face in, cause you know, they're better than that. They will just pray that you won't alter abortion laws, the death penalty, and other social features that make you question the creators of this game. Democracy 3 in itself is a click and watch the reaction type of game, a bit boring at times, I'd often find myself playing my 3DS whilst waiting for PETA to come bashing my windows in due to my insesitivity towards animal rights. It's a game of balance and realizing that you really can't make ANYONE happy by being a dictatorship full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ But hey, one can try. 7/10"
,Recommended,245470,30678722,Posted: 22 March,all,Pizzanomnommer,"Not entirely realistic, the game does it's best to be unbiased so that if you are conservative or liberal you can still suceed with either side's policies. However it is very educational, and it helped me when I often stood alone in civics class defending our now current god emperor of all mankind Donald Trump, savior of the universe, praise kek!"
,Recommended,245470,18987971,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Jimbob1237,"This is going to take some time to explain, So let me start out with the basics and gradually move up into the meat of this.I've played this game for about 130+ hours as i write this comment. Its a really fascinating game, a game that teaches a lot about how the world works. You start with a country of your choosing and you are given the task of managing your country towards a direction of your choosing. It has an extremely simplistic interface that is easy to understand and requires you to take a lot into account including GDP, Productivity, Poverty, terrorism, voter appeasement, cabinet appeasement and the like. The complexity of the game is vast, and there are so many combinations of sets of policies that you can inact that directs your country in particular directions.The game has a huge amount of information that you can look up to help you. Charts, Voter Groups, Policy Satisfaction, Income and Expenditure related policies, and statistics. You don't always have to look at this stuff, but it definitely helps if you do. the smallest of details can in the long run, set you on a path of financial disaster, or economical stability. If you have ever heard of The Butterfly Effect, then this game is a fantastic example of it.The game is both about Socialists, Capitalists, Liberals, Conservatives, Religious, Commuters, State Employees etc and yet at the same time not really. No one wants taxation but everyone wants food stamps. Everyone loves Jobs but no one likes Automation. This game will teach you things about yourself, your limitations, the power of the people, the power of the government and your willingness to think outside of the box. It will teach you about the differences and simularities between Tyranny and Benevolence, Freedom and Security, Economy and Society.This is a game that you will either love or hate, it can be rewarding or frustrating, and if you hate it, well, 'thats Democracy'."
76561198002833901,Recommended,245470,9106186,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Ritsa,♥♥♥♥ the church and human rights!
,Not Recommended,245470,23884302,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,advancedcss,This game has a lot of bias towards socialism so it's much harder to play any other type of government without small scale socialism.
76561198134730614,Not Recommended,245470,32273205,Posted: 8 June,all,dominicoliver82,"Really wanted to play this, but unfortunately it's incredibly unstable, and crashes all over the place.It's probably down to me using Windows 10, but can I suggest to the developer that they make sure that it works on the latest Window's platform…which I’d have expected would have been a given to be honest.Until this changes, in which case I’ll delete this review, I’d highly advise you think twice about buying this if you use Windows 10."
76561198031691896,Recommended,245470,34216558,Posted: 13 August,all,Baccheus,"I've managed to tick of Liberals, Conservatives, Minorities, Religious, Patriots, Parents, Commuters, Militarists, and pretty much every other group. Got to the point where I had to get a secret service mod to avoid constantly being assassinated in my games.10/10 Would face potential assassination to mold the country in my image again.Word of warning though: be very, very careful which mods you run together. They can easily lead to unintended consequences if the underlying game mechanics are modded too much."
76561198057025113,Recommended,245470,9011172,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,roflmayonnaise,"Politics, democracy, sounds dull doesn’t it...well if you said no it sounds good I'm sorry, but if you said yes then this game could be a path for you to care. Democracy 3 is in the long series of being an awesome political simulator and I only came into getting it at this stage as the previous games weren't much to look at aesthetically. This game is simple to learn, yet difficult to master and you'll be throwing your mouse (wants you've ripped it from the wired socket) out in frustration to the nearest Nick Clegg dart board photo that you see when you're thrown out of office, dead or alive. Replay-ability, thankfully, is very good in this game and it needs to be so it’s not too bad when you lose in voting, but you may take it to heart if you are killed (just saying). The originality in this game is great thus standing out against other political simulators and its Democracy predecessors. Everything is simple and fun, no difficult looking information, just sliders and buttons to control things, which gives it the term 'modernised' that comes to stylistic games that are best suited to current trends. It’s hard to stop stating all the good stuff in this game because it’s just so nice visually and in execution, but to summarise here is a list:-Style-Controls-General feel of the game-Power-Information-Country selection-Data-Ministers-Core game mechanics-Realism-Situations-Developing modding communityNow this game has some problems and sadly most of them come from its good qualities. First off the simplicity of the game makes any action pumped gamer weep as nothing quick ever happens, this is a slow game which gives its excitement feelings slowly, in fairly good amounts though. This can be a turn off for casual gamers who want a quick fix and the action oriented gamer too. The other sad flaw is the way it shows its data off and the 'focus group' that represent randomly generated people kind of sucks. They attempt to give you a further in depth view into the voters, but the way they show their information is either unorganised or simply difficult to focus on (they should change the focus group name into a randomly generated views group). These features are ultimately its downfall for me as they just don't work. I usually wait till the voting results come in to see cool information in one page that provides simple percentages for key things e.g. crime, bus transportation (this stuff can be found whenever, but I like to see it at the vote bit since that’s when everything you've done through the terms is counted).To summarise the bad points for this game are--Simplistic features-Poor community and a slowly progressive modding community-Unorganised, poorly executed graphs and focus groupsI would recommend this game quite quickly to anyone, but I know that most of my friends wouldn't get it due to it being costly and since they aren't keen on the genre either I wouldn't waste their time, however I know a great free one that’s different, yet still good-http://www.nationstates.net/page=faq#generalNation States- even my friends would get that, but sadly ditched it after a week. I feel sorry for their countries which have been in an apocalypse for some time now.That game has some benefits over this one--Its free-Big community, over a million consistent members-On a browser, so doesn’t take up any space on one’s computer-Consistent news and improvements-Strong forum-One can create a nation-Great forumsTo finish I would say Democracy 3 is a great improvement, but some of its biggest strengths (some new, some old) are some of its biggest flaws, especially for casual and action gamers, but its great design and core features make it a great, deep (excluding controls), meaningful experience that really makes you want to try again and again after every assassination and lost election. Although there are others out there this games originality and style make it stand out greatly from the crowed and as a result makes it truly great and that is why I am giving it a 4/5 or 9/10 or 89%."
76561198254795792,Recommended,245470,23845822,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Samurai,"When I've reached the moment where I finally understood how this game has to be played and when I was almost winning the elections, with the majority voting for me, guess what... I was assasinated.10/10 would play the game again."
76561198007568198,Recommended,245470,7792136,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Meesterman,"Definitely worth the money. Nothing flashy, but a solid game, especially if you enjoy politics."
,Recommended,245470,12840370,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Futurium,"really fun game. you gotta be willing to read a lot though to get the full expierence. i don't know much about goverment, but now it's safe to say i do...sorta. overall it's a great strategy game if you don't mind reading a lot of flavor text 7.8/10"
76561198124369061,Recommended,245470,10872128,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fancyman,i like it
,Not Recommended,245470,33490229,Posted: 12 July,all,yokoelf,"I played it months ago. The impression that lasted was: this game makes no sense. It's just a mess of numbers to manage that bears little connection to reality.I played as Canada/Australia but it felt like playing present-day Venezuela. General strikes everywhere, mass violence on the streets. What? Then I just decide to cut in half the budged from social security, and it happens overnight and there is no consequences, no one gets angry, no protests. I just lose a bit of votes from the old people. Really?"
,Not Recommended,245470,10622849,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dapperton,"This game is unfinished, Before you start raging at me in the comments allow me to explain.Elections: It barly scratchs the surface of what winning an election is. I've seen entire games based on just elections. At the end of every term in office you get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bar chart that shows howmany votes you got. Theres no debates, No promises or edicts thats you say you will impliment into the country. Nope its just how well you've done during the term. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Murica: Does it mention states? Nope. Can states decide on there gun laws? Nope. States do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥Countrys: There are only a select few countrys in the game. The only difference they make to the game is there population.I would like to see diffrent styles of running a country depending on which counrty it is. for example states, provinces, Ect.You can't please everyone: It's impossible trust me.Military Action with other countrys: Can you start wars with super powers like russia? Nope. Alougth i understand this is not a war simulation game and a country simulations it would still be a step forward to add wars., The only use for military is for taking down terrorists.Final verdict: 6/10, The game is a big let down and a lot more could be done to improve it. I would hate to see what 1 and 2 looked like :P"
,Recommended,245470,10620825,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Airik,Never made it through a single term without getting assassinated and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the conservatives. 10/10
,Not Recommended,245470,9024213,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Juice Box Hero,"Once you figure out the mechanic, there's nothing much left. Feedback from your decisions is presented solely as occasional dialog boxes at the beginning of each turn and a stack of line charts that track a few dozen metrics. This game lacks character and style, and after about an hour it's completely stale and unappealing."
,Not Recommended,245470,22464408,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Covy,"I'm not 'not recommending' this game because I think it's boring, or bad, but because the UI is little more than an onslaught of information.  Perhaps I would've been more invested in this game if things were a little less of a cluster."
,Recommended,245470,25601754,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Ivan Fedorov Beria,"This game is not bad, in fact I like this game. So in short:+Many policiesThings are influencing other thingsManagement of staffSolving problematic situationsCreating own ""democracy""-Its ""Democracy"" so its not really much possible to start a totalitarian state, left or right1 turn events are repetitive and after 3rd time, really boringHard to get in to it from start, but its okay laterNot really possible to stay in power for a long time, because of debt during cyclones and food crisis in later eraIts good game, but I rather recommend you, buy it only if you like politics."
,Not Recommended,245470,16351757,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Keitsu,The main issue I have with this game is that is is really hard to change policies as you usually cant afford it (with the point system they have). And after a while the game just gets boring and repedative.
,Recommended,245470,12354765,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Roy Mustang,Banned smoking in public spaces. Invested in technology. Gave laptops to students. Decreased taxes. Surplus in money. Yet still gets assasinated by a black minority group. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT PEOPLE?!
,Recommended,245470,12269684,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[MGSFC] Maniac,Great game if you like politics...After 5 terms I turned a starting debt at 4 trillion into a 2 trillion surplus in federal reserves... And the economy boomed and the US became a capitalist utopia... And my approval ratings were at 98% everyone loves me except Liberals and Socialists10/10
,Not Recommended,245470,13626003,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jonathanmheimer,"I played Democracy 2 and I have to say, my money was wasted on Democracy 3. It truly isn't that much different than the first one. Not worth buying unless you don't own the second. Even then but Democracy 2 instead."
76561198023859979,Not Recommended,245470,9006426,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,jaburo,"After 4 hours, I just couldn't take it any more.  I understand that democracies may be viewed as failing world-wide, but by the time I played this I wanted to be elected to leader of China, or maybe Cuba."
,Recommended,245470,7938500,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,steee,"One of the best games ive played in a long time. Great for gamers who just wont to sit down relax and play a nice and easy game. If your not into the whole RPG gaming thing, this is not for you! Hope i help!"
,Not Recommended,245470,25196448,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,gn0sis,"It's an Excel spreadsheet with a GUI. No challenge, just waiting to push buttons to respond to a few repeating events and repeating until you get the desired result. Charging $50 for the base game and DLC is breathtakingly ballsy. $10 for the game and $5 for the DLC is ver generous."
76561198077817004,Not Recommended,245470,24571199,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Uncle Bad Touch,"Pretty unrealistic in a number of ways. The only policy I implemented was the deport a group of individuals who were being smuggled into our country illegally, and the black power group managed to assassinate me. If real life were like this game, our society would be in anarchy 24/7, because groups who didn't like a policy would just assassinate their leaders (because that's such an easy thing to do). The mods for this game might make it better."
76561198030887057,Not Recommended,245470,12401029,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Strawberryhunter,"Definitely not what I expected from a ""deep simulation"" of democracy.I bought it because I liked the concept that everything influences everything and that you gotta keep balance on everything. This is a huge plus of the game, while I found the rest more or less disappointing.After some rounds you find yourself just clicking from turn to turn (each turn equals 3 months) to gain more political influence, which you can use to introduce new policies. That is quite monotonous, since nothing really happens except for some decisions you gotta make (i.e. allow fracking yes / no; appoint a more open-minded / conservative judge, etc...).What disturbs me most is that it does not really reflect the way a democracy works, at least not how I perceive it. In the beginning you can choose the country you want to gouvern, that slightly changes the starting circumstances, but no matter which country I choose, I get the feeling that the system of Democracy 3 is influenced a lot by the American ""democracy"". There will be only 2 parties and as the ""ruler"" you have the full power over the political system. You do not have to justify towards your party. I expected that as a leader of a socialist party my party members would punish me for abolishing social welfare, but that does not happen.Furthermore, since you always need to get the majority of votes, you are obligated to make moderate politics (which makes the extremism extension quite useless imo).The last thing is that the game is really easy. The first election is always difficult to win, but since most policies have more positive than negative influence and you can introduce more and more of them, from the second election up to the future I won with >95% of the votes (which is completely unrealistic). The economy is not THAT easy to handle, but it is possible and as long as you don't lose yourself in debts, it's okay and not punished very much.Overall, the game has some nice ideas and features, is overall quite well balanced, but lacks depth and what I thought would be ""endless possibilities""."
,Recommended,245470,7487143,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,C0mmissar Cripsen,"Can you fix your county? Can you make it worse? The answer is yes. But if you screw around too much, people will get angry and form radical groups to- BLAM!"
76561198061184328,Not Recommended,245470,12395950,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,IRAQI SNIPER,This is the worst strategy/planning game I have ever played! I finished it in 1 hour and there is nothing else to do! There are only a few boring countries and same laws and situation really. Not realistic at all because every time I make the country great and stable I get assasinated by hippies or nuns which is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!I would give this game a max of 1/10
,Not Recommended,245470,15107780,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Goodron,"European and proAmerican idealized view on politics, greenpeace, civil rights etc., doesnt represent real politic situation"
,Not Recommended,245470,12617678,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Sir Kicksalot Deathboot,Just a buggy slider-simulator with a really annoying assasination mechanic. I was left really disappointed.
,Recommended,245470,13608660,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RagingTiger,"Teach evolution in schools, get assasinated by the church. Give universal health care, get assasinated by the captilists. Decrease military spending, get assasinated by the patriots. If you want to learn how not to run a country, play this game.10/10"
,Recommended,245470,16636092,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bifrost,"I recommend this at full price only if you know you like this sort of game.If you're just curious, BE ASSURED - this game is good.  Get it on sale and you won't be sorry.Excellent, addictive and intuitive gameplay with a very thorough tutorial.  If anything the tutorial may put you off by making you think that you will have to manage more things than you in fact really do.There are many groups of voters and many competing and interacting influences - the main screen that you play from shows a huge network of nodes, each node a policy which, if you hover over it, shows its incoming and outgoing influences.Sounds complicated.  It isn't.  I just went full-pelt Green Party environmental, liberal socialism, made some smart choices by accident and got re-elected.  Got re-elected a second time.  I was raking in the achievements, approval ratings consistently >70% and the economy perfectly in the black.I ended up getting assassinated by capitalist terrorists!Next I will delve into the HUGE number of addons on the Steam Workshop."
,Recommended,245470,13608511,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Cuprum,"I removed criminality, poverty and all health problems, still I got assassinated for removing guns! 11/10"
76561197971199248,Recommended,245470,16339474,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Walcor,"Achieved an Egalitarian Society, No organized crime, Total Racial and Cultural tolerance...Get murdered by religeus nuts!Best Game Ever!"
76561198028554022,Recommended,245470,16334253,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,awfull22,I'm not sure why anyone would pay full price for this game. It's worth playing if you get it on sale like 75% off. Otherwise move along.
76561198049482227,Recommended,245470,13605379,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,LilNickG4,"I like this game a lot because it is different than any other game there is. You can actually govern a country, and try to make everyone happy, or you can ban religion and get assassinated by 6 nuns armed with automatic assault rifles and a car bomb."
76561198073665900,Recommended,245470,13918214,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Baron Von Hicklepickle,"Play as America, get assassinated, make a noise equivalent to gargling water in your mouth, repeat.10/10 Would gargle water again."
,Recommended,245470,14105138,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Anthony Weiner,Repealed the Sales Tax. Repealed the Inheritance Tax. Repealed Property Taxes. Raised Income Taxes to 80%. Fixed the defecit. Even I can do it better than Obama.
76561198050851121,Recommended,245470,13603735,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,PieBox,I was assasinated by the people i was trying to help.10/10
,Recommended,245470,12871858,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cathmaster 9 Million,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone. Elminated religion, conservatism and capitalism within two terms. 15/10."
,Recommended,245470,13964160,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Flappy,"This game is pretty good, however you will need an interest in politics to get a true feel for this game.In Democracy 3, you can control a variety of different countries and run them however you want. In the process of making policies that fit your views or aims, you must appease the masses and bring a juggling act of reducing income tax, but then upping poll roads, or something along those lines. Whilst it has aspects of realism in it, it is by no means a complete government simulator. But nevertheless, it is a wonderful game for you to put some hours into if you feel like creating a capitalist/communist utopia, then getting assassinated by your rivals! Overall, its a cool little game, but get it while its on sale. 7/10"
,Recommended,245470,13135754,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Imperator PhallusBottom,BEING PRESIDENT IS SOME HARD♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198015285788,Recommended,245470,22352216,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,[C.U.E.N] KingCargo,A different kinda game.. More of a genre on its own. Very complex. good amount of mods. Would wait till on sale to buy.
,Recommended,245470,13134051,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Xijk,Be France.Set the taxes really high.Be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to religious people and parents.Still get reelected by a great majority.
,Recommended,245470,16661800,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,s33r,"Achieved ""Crime Free Utopia"" and then was promptly assassinated. Haven't seen this much irony since Alanis Morissette. Great wee game and good fun :)"
76561198037358785,Recommended,245470,9044263,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Jorji,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing gr9!
,Recommended,245470,13606690,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Zanmore,"Everytime I play I get killed by black people no matter how much I pool into welfare or equality, why does everything have to be about racism"
76561198045841988,Recommended,245470,26516802,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,GRUNKY PEEP,"Verdict; Good game, but glad I got it on sale. Seriously, don't even consider full price.Pros;- Complex system, very intricate and unique- Pace seems not terrible- Lots of variety for plenty of different playthrough goalsCons;- Tutorial explains pretty much nothing useful besides the basest concepts- Steep-learning curve; you'll probably have to restart a lot- Unless you know what you're doing, Socialism is pretty much your only option if you don't want everyone to hate you"
,Recommended,245470,16563919,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KingWeir,"It's susprisely addicting though, I have started wishing for abit more meat on the bones. Instead of just playing the goverment ruler and based on how well you do, your voted in or not, you should also have to create your 'manifesto' a list of promises, such as cut taxes, increasing road building, cheaper rail tickets etc, just like they lie about in real life, to try and get voted in.It would make the game more in depth, if your currently just gettin by, balancing the books, but the voters are demanding a tax cut from whoever takes up office next term.Anyway, worth a buy, if its on sale, nice change on pace from shooting zombies these days."
,Recommended,245470,14969000,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Black Cat,"This game is not for everyone.  This is a game about moving sliders and looking at charts.  I absolutely love it.  This game appeals to a very specific audience.  To enjoy this game, you have to enjoy knowing that moving that slider has just gotten rid of organized crime in France or that your policy has just created a military police state.  While it is fun to try and balance your policies to appeal to everyone, the most fun in this game comes from trying to create extreme societies without getting assassinated."
,Recommended,245470,14984411,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,yung slynn1,"I absolutely adore this game, and I'm not even a huge fan of Strategy/Sim games. But I read the reviews for this and got it on sale along with some DLC and highly reccomend it. The game itself is simple and the voters are cruel as Satan himself, and you will be assasinated. The achievements for this game are as hard to get as they are rewarding and you ceratinly feel accomplished getting them. If you're thinking about giving this a whirl i reccomend you do, and the DLC is fairly priced for it's content if you are a fan."
,Recommended,245470,13166745,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sondre Andersen,"Control a country, you said? Hmmph...More taxes, better schools, bigger roads, cheaper smokes, more alcohol, implement sunday shopping bans, better technology development, more police, armed police!Yes!Democracy is a game which puts you in control of a country, sort of like a prime minister or a president, you control the country as you may wish.This is actually a good game, quite powerful interface and a lot of stuff you can do.If you're into politics and stuff like that, then this is the game for you!This game goes into my ""not-poop""-games list.Maximum taxes!6/10."
,Recommended,245470,17745354,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,NoStupidZone,Best political simulator out there worth the money
,Recommended,245470,10570197,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,bulletbill56,"It's a great game, but for the full price, I don't think it's worth it. Your policies are put through immediatly with no opposition, and the Global Economy randomly crashes for no apparent reason every 6 turns or so. And just as you've got the economy back on track you get assasinated by some bloody Nun for improving education/sciences and consequently reducing religious levels.5/10 - Not worth it for the full price, but can be fun if you use mods/create your own mods."
76561198006924833,Recommended,245470,16623452,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,DoctorRaz,"Do politics♥♥♥♥♥♥you the ♥♥♥♥ off?! Of course they do! Taxes ♥♥♥♥ing up, benefits go down and jobs are nowhere to be found! You're thinking ""I can do a better ♥♥♥♥ing job than the biggest pork factory that is the parlament""! And you know what?! You probably ♥♥♥♥ing can! But real life won't let you do that, so you'll have to do with Democracy 3!What is Democracy 3? A turn based game with sliders, where you lead your selected country! How will you lead is up to you! Want to make a Marxist utopia?! Go for it! Capitalist heaven?! Absolutely! Nation ruled with religion?! But of course, best idea ever /s!How do you do that all this♥♥♥♥♥♥! Sliders! Slide that♥♥♥♥♥♥to the right to increase taxes, slide it to the left to lower the police force, slide, slide slide!  To change all those policies, you need to have capital points! Capital points are spend in the sliders to slide them and to ""buy"" new policies! You get new capital points each time you press the ""Next"" button, which skips a few months to apply the changes! But it's not just that! You have to take care of your national debt, income and expenditure! And don't forget about your voters, because different decision and policies will♥♥♥♥♥♥off or make happy different people, like liberals, conservatives, parents, capitalists, patriots, farmers, etc!♥♥♥♥♥♥them too much and they'll try to assasinate you (and succeed most of the time) for stupid reasons like teaching evolution only, increasing the funding in science and abortions on demand! I'm looking at you, you religious ♥♥♥♥s! You always give me♥♥♥♥♥♥for everything! How does taxing your religious buildings sound?! Hurt your feelings?! Well you hurt mine too!Enough with the edginess, back to the game! If you want to ruin your nation or rise it from the ashes and make it an economical and social superpower, that's the game for you! Buy it,♥♥♥♥♥♥off the liberals and make a communist America! Your nation, your rules!"
76561198028767194,Recommended,245470,16353048,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Aquelina,"Frustratingly difficult and realistic. very good simulator. Either people like you but you're broke, or people hate you and try assasinate you."
,Recommended,245470,16413697,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,soviet  [p]hoenix,Awesome politics simulator. Ruling your own country and driving it into a green - socialist utopia has never been that entertaining!
,Recommended,245470,13617777,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,77th | Rec | Caesarmeister,"A fun strategy game where you are the ruler of a well known Nation, comes with some easily moddable programming and some good mods out there. You have to persuade your people to vote for you again, and not the opposing party you have chosen. If that means legalising Weed, too allowing the Death Penalty for such crimes as throwing a brick through the window then it's your choice! Just make sure your people are happy with it, and not going to assassinate you!"
,Recommended,245470,13613223,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fjeldern,"Takes some time to get really into it, since there are many things that the game doesn't explain properly, and you have to just try and fail some times to get the gang of it.This is a game for anyone that likes management games, and micromanagement."
76561198061953729,Recommended,245470,12122486,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,The Bubbly One,"I personally find the game very fun. Though the game does have a few questionable policy consequences, and makes itself seem to be much more complex than it really is - you could ""win"" the game without ever looking at focus groups-  , the true fun of the game is modelling the country to the your hourly whim. Want to make a socialist utopia? You can do it. Want to make a conservative paradise? You can do that, too. Want to create a liberal bastion? You betcha. Want to actually try to fix a country? Prepare for imminent assissination. One thing to note, however, is that the game is not very difficult to ""win"", that is, making all changes to the country positive, so it may feel repititve to those who want a challenging way to fix their favorite, or least favorite, country. It also lacks any actual politics, and may seem boring to those who want to battle for control against other parties. Ultimately, it is a game where the player decides how he or she wants to play the game, to the health or ruin of the nation he or she plays over. Democracy 3 is, in my books, a great game. PS: the little lightbulb in the right corner of the game UI is where you can implement new policies. It took me 5 hours of playing the game to realize what it was."
,Recommended,245470,13636198,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mw3.nub,An enjoyable game once assassinations are turned off. Was able to rid America of its debt and degenerative left-wing politics.10/10
,Recommended,245470,13669402,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Terrorsquid,"Interesting to try out possible scenarios and see where they would lead the country, also the amounts of mods makes the replayability really high."
76561198067788660,Recommended,245470,13629575,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MerryReaper,i love this game it represents america perfectly. i created a crime free utopia and was promptly assassinated that very turn i got the achievement. LOL
76561198063120241,Recommended,245470,13379107,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Singing Tapir,"A very interesting and enjoyable political simulator. The mechanics of the game are easy enough to learn. An experienced player can have one heck of a game. (Note: Do not try to establish a new world order based on evolution and science. When I tried to do that, I was blown into little sticky pieces.) This game's only major flaw, which is the same flaw that plagues games such as Space Engineers and Town of Salem, is the fact that only certain people or groups of people can enjoy it properly. Thus, I shall give it a recommendation, but notice that said recommendation should be used with caution.Score: 8/10"
76561198170362071,Recommended,245470,13722553,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,nsvshields,"Easy to learn and seemingly simplistic, but very complex and challenging. It's a great passive game that can be put down at a moments noticed and picked up anytime. It's all about balance, and in my opion does a good job with realism. The Workshop community is spectacular. The base game comes with a handfull of countries to choose from, but there are plenty of well made mods that allow you to play as almost any nation."
76561198114139311,Recommended,245470,9554768,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Loki,"This game is very complex and a micro-manager’s heaven. It makes problems, policies, and, charts easy to understand and clearly shows how they relate to each other. It is filled with info to help you make decisions but never becomes overwhelming. The game has many challenges and is flexible on what solutions you want to use. It helps understand the difficulties of being a leader of a country and was enlightening."
,Recommended,245470,14926988,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Googinko,This complex game is cool. It makes you realize that you cant solve all the problems in your country and you cant please everyone. Its not as frustrating as you may think. When you get reelected (however you do ti) you will feel pride over your work :).
76561198061932705,Recommended,245470,16229737,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,IamWeasel,10/10 great game. Although making the USA a socialist paradise is nigh on impossible.
,Recommended,245470,12104248,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,BAKU,A simulation game every person should get to play.'Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under' - H. L. Mencken
76561197996140314,Recommended,245470,18846904,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Kof,"Wow, fascinating game. Good jonb. It's on sale at the moment - with all DLCs for 10 Euro. Also there's a great mod (only works with game that has all the mods) that's made by the developer, which changes the game a lot. So great replayability. Delighted with this purchase, I was dubious when I bought it.:-)"
,Recommended,245470,21481106,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Teo Heng KTV Studio,Donal Trump Simulator 2015
,Recommended,245470,16342821,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kona Milano,"I spent two terms and turned the environment around, increased police presence while increasing police oversight to sharply limit both crime and police abuse, and killed the income tax, the corporate income tax, and the debt by replacing both taxes with several smaller social-ill-linked taxes like an alcohol tax, a carbon tax, a petrol tax, and a junk food tax.  In the months before my second term came to an end, employment was up, health was up, crime was down, and I was cutting taxes because I didn't have much else to do; I was thinking I just needed one more term to turn the country into a technological leader as well.Then I got shot in the head by an angry farmer."
,Recommended,245470,16521880,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,propit1369,Played as Australia 3 times staight. I keep getting assassinated by the pesky conservatives. I'll get the balance right sooner or later.
,Recommended,245470,20854265,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,hamdawg87,"A good game to make you appreciate just how hard running a country really is. Great for anyone interested in politics and strategy.There are a few policies in the game that are wrong which bothers me, not because I don't agree with them but because they aren't based on actual proven evidence, like organic farming being healthy while other farm subsidies are unhealthy, or how the US doesn't get the usual increase to violent crime from lax gun control for unexplained reasons even though in reality we have 4 times more mass shootings per capita than any other modern democracy with the only major difference being significantly lower gun control. I guess you have to expect some bias in a game about politics though.The good news is these biased oversights are few and far between. In general everything works like it should and like you'd likely expect. In some cases it's actually more insightful about the effects of policy shifts than I would've even thought of. It's definitely worth playing, and if you really don't like how he handled some aspect of the game it's pretty easy to mod."
,Recommended,245470,11241375,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ocraMeD ♜,much fun
76561197991012340,Recommended,245470,22981996,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,G FUNK,"This game has a lot going for it.  While a political scientist can poke holes into the game's accuracy, I venture to say this game gets a lot right.  Small changes can lead to dramatic differences.  If you pander to one group, then you (obviously) irk another group.  By making large changes, you risk alienting and forcing anomie into your populace.  Because of that, this game has a difficulty setting of hard off the bat.  And because of that challenge, this game is fun as hell and yes, I'd recommend the hell out of this game."
76561198103953421,Recommended,245470,19115065,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Mr. ZAP,"Democracy 3 is a political simulator by Positech games that aims to deomstrate the harsh realities of the job of a head of government. You begin the game as a newly elected official who has to do whatever they can to stay in power while also trying to improve their country. To do this one needs to constantly monitor polls, budgets, and the conditions of the country (e.g. the economy, crime rate, and envrionment), which is done primarily through the extensive UI that everything is tied to.Each of the countries in the base game has a different set of existing policies and conditions at the start, as well as different demographics, that will dictate much of your playstyle for that run-through. For example, it will be much harder to play as a strong socialist in the U.S. compared to some of the other countries like France or Canada. They also have different political systems (though these can be changed in the menu to suit one's tastes) demostrated through term limits and whether or not they have a monarchy.The actual simulation is quite immersive with all of the different options at your disposal, though there are some inaccuracies in the depictions of the different countries, and it's clear that the developers knew more about some countries (like the UK) compared to others. There's also a problem with difficulty, as while it is quite difficult at the start of terms it gets far, far easier somewhat quickly, so by the middle of your second term (or even earlier in some cases) you can pretty much do whatever you want, and it becomes almost impossible to not create some sort of utopia if you're not actively working against yourself. This is good for getting achievements, but doesn't really hold up to reality.The game can be improved upon with mods that add new policies, scenarios, and nations, that all add more reason to play. A lot of the mods have been very nicely done and help add more immersion and enjoyment to the game.The graphics are extremely simple, since the interaction is all done through charts and graphs, and a few dialogue choices, but honestly for this type of game that's all that's necessary. Unfortunately, however, the score is similarly sparse, with only a few tracks that aren't very memorable (I tend to mute it after awhile).The game also has several achievements that add a bit (or a lot) more challenge to the base game.If you want a fun and intricate political simulation game and don't mind there being some inaccuracies, I'd definitely recommend this game when it's on sale, and possibly when it's not as well. However if you want a really accurate simulator that will feel more like a real nation then this might not be for you."
,Recommended,245470,16714857,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Callahan,"Fun game, like how everything affects everything else.Pretty tricky though. I can get all the hard stats going really well, the economy, budget, crime etc all good, but still nobody votes for me."
76561198125882614,Recommended,245470,14072659,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Poofyinator,I made France a police state and was almost assasinated by a rogue group of hipsters.I made Canada a science-based society and was assasinated by a group of nuns.10/10 best game.
76561198002527282,Not Recommended,245470,13966505,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Le Chiffre,"I want to reccomend this game, but in the end I was left bitter with its mechanic. I was thrilled to play it since it was a political/social/financial game with all its frills; however, I'm baffled on the gameplay and its quest line (if it exhists). On the pro side the policiy and change making are well done, but the game can abruptly end on an election despite being at the top of your career, leaving the fun out of the game."
76561198005443625,Recommended,245470,13593802,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,um | wartist,"Good game. If you are interested in politics, you have to have a look at this game. Don't expect too much fun from it but it will open your eyes to macro politics."
76561198108034328,Recommended,245470,21514491,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,kevinbigman,"I would recommend this game to people who are looking for an in-depth strategy game. I love strategy games, thus this is becoming one of my favorite games. It does get old after a while and is a little over priced. However, the steam workshop for this game is huge and the mods are endless to keep the game interesting."
76561198156729241,Recommended,245470,20498681,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Hornyskunk,5/10
76561198145554995,Recommended,245470,33229154,Posted: 4 July,all,carlib2014,"Its a clever idea. However, this game is not worth the full price and I reccommend to only consider purchasing it, when its on sale."
76561198287330056,Recommended,245470,33192343,Posted: 3 July,all,SantaGD,This game is beautiful. Manage the country YOUR WAY! But..... If someone doesn't like you just watch your back. My first two tries at this game I got assinated!! I would reccomend this game to anyone!
76561198072164291,Not Recommended,245470,12365225,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Edge,"Heavily biased towards left-wing ecnomics. The more communist you are, the more popular you are. Trying to play right-wing economics is useless. Which means half of the game is impossible, and the other half is utterly easy. You might have fun dicking about with social policies, but if you're looking for realism or challenge you won't find it here."
,Recommended,245470,16669121,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Cpt.Tripps.2012,"This is my go to game. If you like politics at all, this is a must buy."
76561198084612501,Recommended,245470,33147507,Posted: 2 July,all,Athansia,Good game lots of fun 10/10 would recommend if you want to be assassinated every 20 minutes by extremists
,Recommended,245470,33242327,Posted: 4 July,all,MGX88,"Great game, lots of fun to be had through modding as well.If you're a political junkie, this is a must."
76561198102877071,Not Recommended,245470,23985195,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Arcade,"Unfortunately there are a lot of policies missing in the base game that should have been included especially for such an expensive game. You simply run out of things to implement.And then the money grab from the dlc is shameful, they should have been included in the base vanilla.I won't be buying Democracy 4 because I expect the same lack of content, that could easily have been put in the game for more options."
76561198031789267,Not Recommended,245470,23989632,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Smashimus Maximus,"I really used to like this game, and I would whole-heartedly recommend it, were it not for the way it's been updated recently.Originally, the game was pretty straight-forward, you allocate your government budget by inacting new regulations and laws, and generally make decisions. It was somewhat lacking in realism (for example, most of your government spending yielded constant returns in whatever field you were spending them, so the millionth Euro you invested in education raised your population's education level by just as much as each of the first tenthousand Euros you spent).Nonetheless, as far as games go, it was a nice minigame, although it got repetitive as soon as you had figured out a strategy that works that you just had to slightly adjust for each country (strategy here meaning more or less the order in which you enact certain reforms and laws), but it stayed entertaining.And then, it was updated. The developer apparently tries to keep up with current events and tries to integrate them in the game, so, apparently inspired by the junior doctors' strike in England, the possibility of your health sector employees striking was introduced (or it was there before and the threshold for it was severely lowered), so now, when you have a European type of government with large government sector, your health staff won't stop striking until you've allocated almost the possible maximum amount of money into health, which is rather annoying.But while the doctors' strike is kind of ignorable and only a bit annoying, general strikes were also introduced (that or again, the threshold for them happening was severely lowered), and if you play with any other country than the US now, you are more or less guarenteed to have a general strike which totally screws up your economy, and is more than just a bit annoying. And it is, by the by, also a bit unrealistic, because if there were general strikes in developed countries at the same frequency at which they occur in this game, no one would ever be working.And while it was a nice idea to make the game more challenging, since it was updated it is just so extremely unrealistic that it isn't fun anymore (""Oh, you increased the police force instead of putting ALL your budget into benefits? Sorry, that's a general strike."")"
76561198097401693,Recommended,245470,32239283,Posted: 7 June,all,The Spruce Moose,"It's a good game when it lets you basically turn France into a prosperous East Germany, where you are constantly targed by a liberal terrorist group."
,Recommended,245470,8180247,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,"slow hand, fast flicks",only political game that is okay honestly
,Recommended,245470,32247662,Posted: 7 June,all,Rosa Luxemburg,I didnt pay attention for a short moment and suddenly the society in Germany consists of >80% immigrants who dont vote for me and cause racial tensions even though i opened the borders for them. I dont wanna talk about “backstabbing” but…
,Recommended,245470,32232956,Posted: 6 June,all,Novbirovsk,"The game could use more balancing; there are some policies that are a duh, no matter what ideology you pursue, as well as a couple associations that maybe are a stretch and maybe a few that are missing.  Also, assassinations feel more common than getting voted out.That being said, it's a great game for a reasonable price.  It additionally has a quasi-educational value to it, if you want to know a little about how government policies can interact with seemingly unrelated factors and have third, fourth or fifth incidental effects."
76561198197643755,Recommended,245470,32228838,Posted: 6 June,all,Coferract,This is a very fun and simple game once you learn how to play it. You most likely won't spend many hours on this game unless you are really into politics.
,Recommended,245470,32283485,Posted: 8 June,all,Le connaisseur de BORK,"Oh, say, can you see? By the dawn's early lightWhat so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming;Whose broad stripes and bright stars, through the perilous fight,O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming.And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air.Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there:Oh, say, does that star-spangled banner yet wave?O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!On the shore, dimly seen through the mists of the deep,Where the foe's haughty host in dread silence reposes,What is that which the breeze, o'er the towering steep,As it fitfully blows, half conceals, half discloses?Now it catches the gleam of the morning's first beam,In fully glory reflected now shines in the stream:'Tis the star-spangled banner! Oh, long may it waveO'er the land of the free and the home of the brave!And where is that band who so vauntingly sworeThat the havoc of war and the battle's confusionA home and a country should leave us no more?Their blood has washed out their foul footsteps' pollution!No refuge could save the hireling and slaveFrom the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave:And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth waveO'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.Oh, thus be it ever, when freemen shall standBetween their loved home and the war's desolation!Blest with victory and peace, may the heav'n-rescued landPraise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation!Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,And this be our motto: ""In God is our trust"":And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall waveO'er the land of the free and the home of the brave. We love it so much, I think you do too."
76561198141107604,Recommended,245470,32285098,Posted: 9 June,all,History Nerd,"Democracy 3 is a political simulator in which you take the role of the president and have one of six countries of your choice in your hands, which you can do what ever you want with. (America, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia,  and France) Issues in Democracy 3 include the environment, police presence, immigration, the economy, religion and science, public transportation, and so much more. Each decision you make has a ripple effect where when one thing is helped, another is hurt and it is very fun to work to stay in favorability with each citizen faction (ex. Environmentalists, Capitalists, Liberals, Socialists, Ect.) in order to be reelected at the end of your term. Your games have customization where you can edit how hard or easy the game is and how long it will last and the many options and acheivements in the game allow for much replayability. The acheivents are a boat load of fun to work for with having challenges like having your country completly green, or fully religious or anti-religious, as well as things like Socialist Paradise, or a place thriving with equality, and there are a total of 42 fun and challenging acheivements to collect. The game also offers a modding community where you can create and dowload fun user made mods. Democracy 3 overall is fun and realistic with much replayability with the plethora of options available to you. I have only had Democracy 3 for two days and have put 10 full hours into it and i can without hesitation heavily recommend the game to anyone interested. Hope my review has helped."
,Recommended,245470,11520584,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Gottie,"♥♥♥♥ing Liberals. I fix the country to the point where there is no crime, no unemployment, no gun control, no police state and amazing health care and just because I didn't do more socialist programs I get shot."
,Recommended,245470,32649653,Posted: 22 June,all,Sonic Bird,"Unique and fun game, especially if you're into politics."
,Recommended,245470,19560133,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,opulence,I don't know why there are so many negative reviews. This game is AMAZING and shows how hard it is to manage and please a nation.10/10
,Recommended,245470,32773652,Posted: 25 June,all,Ícaro Thomás,I have never seen so much death since Dark Souls
,Not Recommended,245470,32736309,Posted: 24 June,all,BortJack,"The game was way to easy when I played it. Got almost 99% of the votes in my second election and could basicly do whatever I wanted. A lot things influence eachother, but there is hardly any real complexity as everything is related more or less in a linear way and easy to predict."
76561198268337447,Not Recommended,245470,32818939,Posted: 26 June,all,ping,"Play as Germany, focus on increasing GDP like madman and all problem is solved with 50B surplus budget, 95% approval and got reelected twice. GDP stat too imbalance.It seems all countries have similar starting problem so I'm not sure about replayability.The game feels unpolished too, there's not even a back button."
76561198103324039,Recommended,245470,32731984,Posted: 24 June,all,Kill all danes,the developer claims that this is the most realistic political sim ever made wich is why i could turn the US into a socialist paradise with the best healthcare and education in the world with zero effort or anything or anyone opposing me whatsoever. 10/10 BEST GAME
76561198076211583,Recommended,245470,32659727,Posted: 22 June,all,Edified,"This game is 100% Worth.  A Gem if you get it on sale (IE.  RIGHT NOW! ).  There's a little learning curve for sure, but once you get the hang of it you'll have tons of fun playing a laid back, policy rich game.  Get all the DLC and download some MODS and you'll get to implement almost any policy you can ever imagine.  Its a game that can be played with watching something on Netflix in the background (2 Computer Monitors FTW)."
,Recommended,245470,13254769,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,nostine.reed,A fun way to learn politic.Getting shot by capitalist/10
76561198122827273,Recommended,245470,13700949,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lancereño,"Everybody hates me, but they cannot assassinate me and I always win elections just by selling some cheap healthcare or giving some pocket money to grandpas. Sometimes my ministers resign so I take revenge creating new taxes or going out of my highly fortified Palace to take a dump over some citizens' rights.Most accurate Politician Simulator ever.10/10 would step on citizens again."
,Recommended,245470,13624569,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Chel doll,Got assassinated on my first playthrough. Thanks Obama.
76561198004574532,Recommended,245470,13888103,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,NickNack,"TL/DRNot a realistic politcal simulator, in my opinion, but it is fun once you realize it's a game and not real life.Overall, I would rate it as follows:GAMEPLAY/REALISM:  (6/10) As stated above, not a completely realistic simulation but still enjoyable. Can be quite the challenge, watch out for fringe assassination groups. Also, it seems your own cabinet members are a challenge to appease.GRAPHICS/PRESENTATION:  (6/10) Very straightforward text based game with Solid layout that is very easy to navigate. Artwork is simple yet suites the game well.OVERALL: (6/10) A solid game that offers plenty of options to fulfill one’s desire to lead a country to their liking. Not without room for improvement but enjoyable none the less. If you like political simulation games this should appease your desire to lead a nation, but don’t expect too much.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------At first I disliked Democracy 3, having been assassinated three times in a row my frustration was growing exponentially. I suppose I came into the game with ideas of grandeur that were slightly unrealistic. Who wouldn’t want the deficit lowered to the point that it became a surplus and the general quality of life improved? Apparently it’s not that important. This makes the game challenging and that’s a “good” thing.GAMEPLAY/REALISMThe game is not overly complex but many issues are interconnected appropriately and increase the difficulty of the game. The game has a spider diagram with all issues and policies. Upon highlighting an issue or policy the interconnected nature is displayed, i.e. increasing the Petrol tax will gain influence with Environmentalist but will negatively affect middle income families due to the direct increase to their cost of living. Frankly, it’s setup well to easily navigate between many different issues to change the country for the better or appease a particular political group.In regards to artificial intelligence, I seriously doubt that it would be so easy to assassinate a leader of a country, especially a large one like the US. Also, I have a problem with the frequency of cabinet members becoming dissatisfied with executive policy to the point that they step down. Having an option to establish your platform at the beginning of the game would probably fix this and would be a beneficial addition in my opinion. I suppose there is an element of this based on the party you select but it’s not customizable. For the most part, all major policies and issues are covered. It is very easy to customize budget allocation and political preferences, i.e. lowering spending on military or increasing corporate taxes. Overall, the game is very fluid but in many ways it’s not realistic. It seems the best strategy is one of balance between the different political factions. Sadly, it seem all you do is try to appease everyone to survive, literally.GRAPHICS/PRESENTATIONSimple yet fluid, with a plethora of information displayed in an easy to read format. I can’t say that the graphics were very complex or cutting edge but they suited the game well enough to not become a distraction to gameplay. Overall, the graphics don’t really matter and the presentation of the game is excellent.OVERALLThe game could be much better, but it does offers enough to satisfy most political simulation fans.  I can’t say it’s realistic but it isn’t simple either. It is very satisfying to erase a deficit or completely abolish crime, but the repercussions of political change seems overly skewed towards minority political groups. In the end it’s more about surviving by appeasing and less about political progression. This really holds the game back from being an outstanding political simulation game. I realize that the designers wanted a difficult game, because political issue are very complex and impactful on life, but a missing element is the ability to persuade and inspire your virtual citizens."
,Recommended,245470,9101441,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,off.the.cut,"While the interface is simple to use and easy to master, the game itself is deceptively complex and incredibly fun to play. It's more of an economic equilibrium model than a political similuator but the ability to implement controversial policies (educational emphasis on creationism/evolution, abortion laws, conscription, legalisation of weed/pills/harder narcotics) and essentially determine the character of your chosen nation (UK, France, US, Germany, Canada or Australia in order of difficulty) makes for a highly rewarding experience. An absolute must for politics, economics or law students."
76561198047403721,Recommended,245470,10533221,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,NickSoSik,"First time I played, I got assassinated. 10/10 would play again. xD"
,Recommended,245470,14070332,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,President Harper,"This is a great game. If you think you can be a beter president or prime minister than the real life current one, this is for you. However, when playing, I realized you can't make a detailed political sim objectively. What I mean is, when I made guns more legal, the result was more crime, which, of course, is very arguable. If you're not very socialist or liberal, you might not enjoy this game as much as someone who is, but none the less, you'll still like it. There are other things that can stop crime, though: Better education is one. However, providing students with their own laptops will cost a fortune, so you'll have to raise taxes to afford it. That, in turn, will upset the socialists or capitalists, depending on whose taxes you raise, which might affect your vote outcome in the next term. It's a very complex game than I'd reccommend to anyone interested in politics."
76561198059490478,Recommended,245470,14782565,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,"Veni, Vidi, Vici","Give this game to anyone commenting something along the lines of""This politician has been in office for 6 months, why aren't we seeing any differences?""This will shut them up."
76561198090500693,Recommended,245470,14913198,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Vishnu raffletrades.com,"This game has both pros and cons. I'll start by telling you how pretty much every game goes (at least for me). At the very beginning, you are put right smack in the middle of a multitude of problems within your country's borders and must immediately think of how to work towards making these problems disappear. You are often faced with budget issues and must keep every group in your country relatively happy. Of course, you will always just go with what you believe in (or at least I did) and you will be assassinated by someone after about a term and a half despite the fact that you managed to make half a dozen problems such as drug addiction, alchohol abuse, pollution, and etc. disappear. This is how every one of my 20 or so games have gone aside from the 4 or 5 times it crashed and the autosave doesn't even work. This makes you furious and makes you hate the game for about 12 hours, only to reel you back in to try something a little bit differently.Here's a few short pros and cons.Pros:1. Very organized and very easy to play despite its complexity and how in-depth it actually goes.2. Has a massive selection of ideas of how to play the game.3. Has great graphics.4. Let's you have the freedom to do what you want to play the game.Cons:1. It gets too easy after a few terms. The very few games that I wasn't assaassinated, I eventually just got bored and started a new save after I had a surplus in the budget and all problems were solved.2. The game gives you a very unrealistic amount of power.3. Honestly, I think democracy needs even more detail. The game's already massive amount of detail is not quite there yet. I don't know what's missing, but it's definitely there.4. CRASHES CRASHES CRASHES!Please keep in mind that the 27 (and counting) hours I've played of this is without any DLC.Overall, 8/10 would be assassinated by liberals and the ""Crusaders of the Lord"" again."
,Recommended,245470,15931568,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,[TT] The Redshirt,"Be sensible or do insane things, whatever...11/10 would get assassinated again"
,Recommended,245470,15849026,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Voodoo,"I created a Socialist utopia. More Liberal than...Like...Canada on cocaine. As I'm creating my government, and creating a state-run economy. I came to notice that I had been killing my countrie's damn Catholics! They were very mad. BUT I DIDN'T CARE! I had a brilliant country. Then, several turns after. I get shot. GG."
,Recommended,245470,15813589,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,pooinanalleyway,"Started out as the Socialist Party against the religious right.Ended poverty, homelessness, private schooling, private healthcare, debt dodging and the asthma epidemic.I am Lenin."
76561198066245877,Recommended,245470,13594309,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SPN,"In my time playing this game I was gunned down on countless occasions by Christians, Capitalist, and Conservitives. In the few games I actually made progress I found it nearly impossible NOT to become Socialist with policies alluding to full blown state atheism (which obviously cuased issues in the first little while when God fearing Capitalists were resisting me/still had hope) if I wanted to run a surplus and squish racism.9.9/10"
,Recommended,245470,16679514,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Aceman,"I really would like the assassination system is the same in life, my dear French president would be in big danger ."
,Recommended,245470,32238674,Posted: 7 June,all,TinyPower,Assassination 3: Get Bleeped.Only clicking next got me assassinated.Good Game.
76561198001035874,Recommended,245470,13594241,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Oskitake,"Excellent game! Except that you can ""cheat"" in it, by taking extreme precautions and debt and leave everything to the economic growth. Which it isnt that far off from reality, but once this is discovered the game turns to be very very easy.4/5 stars from me."
,Recommended,245470,13598333,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Phoenix OG,"Even though I haven't played it for very long, It's an instant Hit.  Any game where you can insult Nick Clegg's and David Cameron's Policies is a good one.Two quarters till next election, Hit a recession, get assassinated by capitalists for raising income tax, luxury good tax and many others...10/10!A MUST BUY GAME, IF YOU'RE VAGUELY INTELLIGENT."
76561198030978104,Recommended,245470,13776953,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Tylermcd93,"So I bought this game during the winter sale and it was for 6 dollars from its usual 30 dollars (a fantastic deal for a fantastic game. I had not heard of anything about this game other than that it's user reviews were extremely high and it's genre tags were what I was interested in. Going in knowing nothing I was VERY overwhelmed and that is an inevitability for someone who equally doesn't know the mechanics about this game. It's a game of graphs, paragraphs, and statistics as you try and run a country of your choosing. You must appeal to many different types of voters of your choosing through the use of implementing policies each turn (each turn is a quarter of a year ingame). You will need to do this if you want to be re-elected for another term. You must try to do this for as long as possible or you can choose to have a limit to the amount of terms you serve (therefore a definite end to your game). It tracks through your actions if your more conservative, liberal, socialist, capitolist, etc. All of this is fascinating. But by far my favorite thing about this game is its interface. It's very sleek, neat, while complex at the same time. The game has a pretty good tutorial which I highly recommend going through rather than skipping it (I did that on my first try and I regretted it). Know that you will never please all of your voter groups and this can lead to a potential assassinations along the line. Even though this game can seem very overwhelming at first glance, once you beat the learning curve, it is highly addicting and an actual fun way to learn more about political systems (even for people like me who hate politics). 10/10."
,Recommended,245470,13773218,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cpt. bobhelmut,Made all drugs legal in an attempt to end drug addictionConservative assassination plot arisesTerm endsWas not reelected11/10
76561197985159020,Recommended,245470,18964992,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Wraspir,Really enjoyed this game.  Its simplicity and choices ensure different results each game.
76561198036235772,Not Recommended,245470,14176151,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Inzababa,"very dissapointing, this game feels like it was made by conservatist lobbies trying to ""educate"" gamers about democracy.I did 2 runs then realised there wasn't much use in doing any more cause it was all basically the same, and that amounts to about 5 hours of gameplay.I'm not against the lack of graphics and simplistics gameplay, cause the ""difficulty, complexity"" (well its supposed to be) is in how you use the different options that are available to you."
76561197991103051,Recommended,245470,15329402,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Puddle,"Democracy is an interesting game. Not really one I can play for extended amounts of time, but an interesting expirence none-the-less.The devoloper's political leanings are obviously apparent at a few points in the game but I never felt as though it was over bearing. Likewise some of the choices and effects of your choices were confusing as how they connected at times.Because of how basic the game is and the lack of variety after a few hours of play, it is hard to recommend this to someone. If you enjoy politics and ever wanted to run a country of your own, then it might be worth a look for you. Everyone else should give it a pass as there isn't much else you could get enjoyment from."
76561197999358192,Recommended,245470,13305686,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Mac Awol,"It is simple to understand and play, and it has that 'just-one-more-turn' feel to it, though it lack a end-game."
76561198126569887,Recommended,245470,13434393,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sauske273,Made a country where everyone was miserable so that everyone was happy.But it is really an in-depth political simulator that I highly recommend if your think you would be a better president than Obama.
76561198080604029,Recommended,245470,12608946,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,oliver.bell,"An interesting game for a political enthusiast but lacking in some areas.It has got interesting statistics and mechanics, especially when enhanced by the expansion packs. I do find though that it is often a bit simplistic in some areas, probably to keep the game entertaining and playable. For instance, the environment seems to have been made overly simplistic to solve as an issue, perhaps because we only need to please the public rather than meeting international targets to prevent climate change. There are a large abundance of policies to solve environmental issues and it is a simple matter to keep environmentalists happy, so happy they allow widespread oil drilling.The lack of wider context is slightly annoying with regards to the UK, for instance as a member of the EU we have to respect EU law on a free market, something which is not enforced in this game. The limitations of EU law or even the option to leave the EU, an important issue in contemporary UK politics, is therefore not covered. I am hopeful that if there is a Democracy 4 this inaccuracy will be addressed.Despite all this though it can be an entertaining game and many of its policies and their consequences do seem logical, well thought out and entertaining. It can be fun to experiment and try different methods of running a country. I would expect you would get at least 25-30 hours out of it before it started to become too boring, especially with the expansion packs. Mods may also add to this further but I have yet to try any, so cannot comment.EDIT: Since the release of Clones and Drones the environment is a little more complicated as an issue with climate change being represented. There are some geographical issues, not all countries can mine rare minerals in reality but it is possible in game, leading to some inaccuracies. The climate issue is still rather simple compared to what I would like but it is certainly a significant improvement."
,Recommended,245470,33142280,Posted: 2 July,all,Pino_wEEb69,"Very well made, miles better than any other poitical game. However i'm from Iran so I had a hard time wrapping my head around the fact that the opponent was allowed to get votes (srsly what gives?) then I got assasinated by religious extremists and felt right at home again."
76561198128199152,Recommended,245470,16377022,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,newdawnfades,"This game is fantastic. The game allows you play the role of an President or Prime minster alongside support from your cabinet. The game allows you to control economics, policies and political ideologies. Every policy change will impact your popularity in a positive or negative way. The game has a wide range of Democratic countries with different political empathies, economics, types of democracy and different environments.TLDR: If you are interested in Politics then purchase this game."
76561198044052097,Not Recommended,245470,32726298,Posted: 24 June,all,CapnRedBeard24,Get assassinated simulator
76561198024589732,Recommended,245470,19719725,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,^Kevin^,"this game consists of clicking on words and sliding bars, or choosing yes or no about some policy.  After the latest patch, its consistantly crashing when you hit next turn.  The dev's don't know why its crashing, so they asked for people to download a beta version with a debug option, and send in that info.  seems the debug version doesn't crash, so basically the programmers don't know what they are doing for this game.  Its been 40+ days and counting and they cannot fix a bug that makes the game unplayable.  That hasn't stopped them from putting out 3 DLC that you must have in order to get 100% achievement in this game, not that you feasibly can.For Achievement hunters who don't like to cheat, there are achievements in this game that are next to impossible to get.   Even before using any DLC for those achievements.So, to summarize:1) buggy and crashes often without using beta-version2) dlc required to 100% game3) almost impossible achievement req cheating to 100%recommend getting this game on a sale.  This game shouldn't be priced over $20 imho.  I paid $6.24 for it."
,Recommended,245470,16383600,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Aetherious,"Only bought this game today but here's my review anyway. I recommed it.Chose France. Stopped Crime. Eradicated Poverty. Made my country the top at Education and Health.Enforced strict security...which angered Liberals. Got assassinated.The gameplay is mainly charts, graphs and is mainly run by choice and consequence. If you don't like strategy then this is not the game for you.I rate it 9/10."
76561198093779071,Recommended,245470,26604069,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mueblo,"I played as USA and in a couple of years I established a police state and 100% of the people reelected me every time, having a huge GDP surplus and no crime due to microchip implantment, drones and police with submachine gunsThe population was 100% retired, 13% youth, 100% farmers and at the same time GDP, Productivity and wealth were at an all-time high10/10 realism08/10 fun08/10 complex03/10 graphics11/10 would buy again"
,Not Recommended,245470,26506873,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,bebrst,"I really like the idea of the game. The simulation has some really interesting aspects and displays the complexitiy of decision making. But the game has sadly so many problems and flaws and needs a lot of love by the developers to be considered worth the money. Translations into German are partly missing, typos all over, my elections always end with the complete population being non-voters, I'm asked to comment on the Monarch of France or Germany (wtf?), etc. Also the dualistic party system doesn't represent countries like Germany properly and is thus not even close to a simulation which displays reality.As I said, I love the idea and I see a lot of potential in the game, but not in the current setting. Please rework and update and I will happily change my review!"
76561198108881942,Recommended,245470,16523282,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ZombijsLV,Interesting game where your actions have consequences. You have to find the golden middle road to gain the support of your electorate for the upcoming elections and avoid assassination attempts.Some notable features are:-The ability to assemble and later rearrange your own cabinet-Micromanage the ins and outs of governing-Pinpoint an exact cause of crises or other problems-You're not immortal (you'll have to pay dearly for alienating a select group).The amount of mods from the Workshop just adds to the fun of the challenge.I recommend this game for people who enjoy managment type of games. Since it's dirt cheap on sales I'd call a great purchase.
,Recommended,245470,32262828,Posted: 8 June,all,DoctorBob,very happy i bought this game it can be a little confusing when you first play it but once you know how every thing works its    so much fun
,Recommended,245470,32261741,Posted: 7 June,all,SuperSoldier240,"This is a good game, however, it does need a little more substance to it and it would be fun if you had more interactions with foreign countries too. There are some things I don't agree with though, for example just because you're religious dosn't mean that you hate science. Actually 51% of scientists are religious and many people have spiritual beliefs even though they support liberal ideologies. I bought the game on sale and I'd say it was worth the price I paid, though more content would be appreciated."
76561198331931185,Recommended,245470,32258427,Posted: 7 June,all,jfksl523,"It's worth what I paid for it, 6 bucks. It provided hours of entertainment cause no matter what I did, people would either refuse to vote for me or assasinate me. Once I figured out how to avoid each of those situations, winning the ifrst election was childs play. If you win  the first election, you are almost gauranteed to win every election untill you hit the term limit, even if you dont spend any political capital past the first cycle. Basicly one of those game's thats fun until you figure out the one or two strategies that will always win it then it's boring. Also worth noting that there was never a close nail-biting election, either I knew I would win or I knew I wouldnt and the margin is always about 80% of the population. My last complaint is the difficult to read green and red bars. What's so confusing is that on some of the bars green is good, such as support from various groups, while on others, green is bad such as an increase in crime; often all the bars will end up green or red and I have to figure out whether each one is good or bad. If you love staring at sliders and making minute adjustments and carefully keeping track of everything, this game is for you. However it can also be a 15 minute easily beatable brainteaser for those without tons of time on their hands."
76561198121152327,Recommended,245470,33760253,Posted: 24 July,all,johan,i hate capitalist scum!!!!!!
76561198010373102,Recommended,245470,20434030,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,The Selfish Meme/vacation,"A government simulator with high replay value. It may not be entirely realistic, as the player solely decides on all the issues, but it's still fun. Note that it is not an election simulator like The Political Machine. There are elections here but you do not give speeches or fund ads. The election results are based on what you do for your people.You can try and make a country live by your own standards (it's not very hard to make them vote for you, no matter what you do and what their initial views were, you can make them 100% capitalist or socialist, religious or atheist, etc.) or go frenzy and build an Orwell state or some narcotic heaven.It is also very easy to mod. If you don't find a mod which suits your need you can spend some time and make your own, it only requires editing tables in the game files.The DLC do not do THAT much but still spice things up a bit. If it's only a bit more expensive than the game itself I'd recommend to buy the full edition with all DLC."
76561198074362374,Recommended,245470,10615236,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,starfish912,"Aforenote: I am playing with the ""Extremism"" DLC. Nothing in my review references it, but it should be noted for accuracy's sake.Pros:+Enjoyable to play+Graphics and looks are good+Very high replay value+Good musicCons:-Lack of choice in council members at times.-Lack of countries to choose from-Inaccurate responses to some laws-Random occurences can make or break a game.Other:=Mild liberal bias in law and opinion ramifications. This is neither here nor there, but it should be noted because it is noticable in play.=Infrequent misspellings.Price payed: $8-9Price suggested for customer: $10-15If I had payed full price, I would have felt a little cheated, but as it stands, having gotten it on sale, I quite like the game despite its flaws. I would caution potential buyers that this game is all about graphs, polls and balancing variables. If you like that, go for it, it's very good. If you don't, there's not much here for you.EDIT:After more play, your decisions matter less than random chance. This can be very aggravating when you put all your effort into growing you GDP and getting your debt down only to have the random occurence of a poor global economy suddenly ruin it."
,Recommended,245470,13672723,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ernis P,The same skill and effort that made a universal technocratic ecological and economically blooming utopia in UK with 99% support got me assassinated in USA... 3 times in a row.11/10
,Recommended,245470,19421727,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Captain Killmyself,"Budget surplus, Happy citizens, Low Taxation, Good police force, low public spending, good investment in transport, unemployment and crime dropping day by day. Assasinated by a bunch of crazy college liberal art students.10/10."
,Recommended,245470,13600033,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mighty Owlbear,"I turned Great Britain into a utopian ideal of equality, freedom, and crippling taxes on the banking sector, lost control of the GDP during a global financial crisis, and just about got the economy back on track before being assassinated by radical capitalist insurgents. I guess the carbon tax was the straw that broke the camel's back.Probably the most fun you'll ever have with a set of graphs."
,Recommended,245470,22642519,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ice,Lots of fun and very different to alot of games out there.
,Recommended,245470,17886475,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,jeem,he might not divide us but i sure as hell did
,Recommended,245470,29608386,Posted: 31 January,all,Moritz Stamm,★★★★★
,Recommended,245470,18001181,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,General Coalition,Great game!I would recommend this!
,Recommended,245470,35401353,Posted: 1 October,all,MindOfMetalAndWheels,Step 1: Pick AmericaStep 2: Get rid of every single taxStep 3: Spend the most amount of money on everything possible and cancel policies that get you any incomeStep 4: Watch your debt and your approval rating skyrocketStep 5: Win the election by 99% while having the nation $90 trillon in debt and 99.7% of the income coming from government borrowing.10/10
,Recommended,245470,35362827,Posted: 30 September,all,Gargoranss,"Interesting political simulator. Gameplay is easy yet intricate and easy to understand. Most veiwpoints are well represted and overall the game will let you do just about anything you want as long as you plan it out well and play the political game. My main complaint is there are a few decisions that you can make and have relatively little consequence despite huge rewards. Generally, in politics there are pluses and minuses too most proposals and not everything in Democracy 3 has both. However, most policies are very well done and I particularly like how they developed the economy section.8/10"
,Recommended,245470,35387652,Posted: 1 October,all,xdanny53,it's both simple and very complex
,Not Recommended,245470,13726335,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,kossmikman,"Once you manage to get reelected once, there is no more challenge. Since you can manage every country the same way, there is no replay value. Would be more appropriate as a free web game."
76561198008680804,Recommended,245470,28130018,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,The British Empire,Good
76561198078325347,Not Recommended,245470,25758838,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,apollyon1325,Not at all what I was hoping for. The game strategy is pretty much to just pander to the demographic complaning the most. You can't really influence your country's politics.
76561198046609405,Recommended,245470,15016019,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Moa Rider,Turned America into a democracy.Teh possiblitys r endliss
76561197986216797,Not Recommended,245470,14081648,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nex_Mucro,"It is simply not enough. It is easy, and you will start to get bored easy. The fun with politics is limited and you feel like nothing interesting is happening. If you are looking for a good game that creates a lot of new global challenges and you need to really understand the meaning of your policies. I can recommend you that this is not the game."
,Recommended,245470,32628899,Posted: 21 June,all,El Presidente,"♥♥♥♥ing debt, and ♥♥♥♥ing global economy, and ♥♥♥♥ing GDP.♥♥♥♥ ALL OF YOU, I RESIGN"
,Not Recommended,245470,32824172,Posted: 26 June,all,Keyser Söze,"This could be a great game if you are into politics/policy, but a gamebreaking bug (party memership stays at 0 forever) is still not fixed after 2 years."
,Recommended,245470,14168101,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Nengtaka,10/10 would bankrupt Canada again.
76561198108386915,Recommended,245470,14218238,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ryanedwardschons,"Turned my state into a crme-free utopia, assassinated for it by rich coporations, 11/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,25786364,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lythal,"Fun for a while, but very limiting in the long run, which just makes it annoying."
,Recommended,245470,15798175,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,-⑨- Fluo,It's a good game for people who want to causally dabble in social and economical politics on a democratic level. It's a cautious thumbs up though. As after a while I picked up the AI system and was able to pretty much control the whole thing which dampened the enjoyment level. So a half thumbs up I'd say
,Recommended,245470,33437364,Posted: 10 July,all,GamerGeek,"This game helps you know how realistic your policies are, and actually runs on a neural network (which theoretically could simulate a brain).The game is very minimalist, and yet very complex. Some things that are possible irl (EX lying about your policies), are impossible in the game, for balance.It will cause some confusion when you are from the US, and Liberals (or Conservatives) hate you; then you realise that ""Liberal"" means freedom to do whatever you want without government intervention. This game has lead me to realise that I am not a liberal, but rather a Progressive.Whatever you want to do; where-ever you are on the political compass: You can get elected and avoid assassination; all you need to do is slowly lower the population of your opposition."
,Recommended,245470,13128942,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Dipex,"Its a fun spreadsheet game, but its pretty easy to ""solve"" the optimal policy settings to just win the game every time.  Once you figure that out you've basically beaten the game and there isn't much left to do.  Ultimately that affects how much value you get from the game.  It took me a little bit under 4 hours to do, and I don't think that 4 hours of gameplay is worth $25.  However, the game goes on sale a lot and right now is $5.  I'd say at $5 the game is worth it if you like spreadsheet games.  You can probably get some value out of it at up to $10.  Past that I don't think its worth it."
76561198006598967,Not Recommended,245470,28925550,Posted: 1 January,all,patton117,"DO NOT BUY. Game will work for ~3 hours, then will crash and will not open again. Tried to restart computer, steam, uninstall/reinstall, not use certain/all DLC, and every combination of them, won't work. Even tried a developer's potential fix and will not work. I have Win10, so if that's the issue and you have an earlier version, that could work for all I know."
76561198218034292,Not Recommended,245470,28805029,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,alzerin23,"its an interesting concept, but i cannot recomend paying more than $5 for this game."
,Recommended,245470,13608776,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Squidy The Kawaii Princess,"I managed to create a perfect society, free health care, free education, no crime ect (Even making money aswell)Then a group of nuns killed me"
,Recommended,245470,13149684,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,A Very Frisky Ewok,this game feels like it ripped off of an AP government textbookwhatever 8/8 best ap gov simulator 2015pretty fun when you get assassinated by an international group doe
76561198070966277,Recommended,245470,28770089,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,A Suspicious Gopher,Reality has liberal bias.
,Recommended,245470,13490228,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Nooseman,got blew up by liberal extremist 11/10
,Recommended,245470,17948522,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Drafty Backpassage,"Got the achievement ""Egalitarian Miracle"" after reducing the population of ethnic minorities to 0.00%.Very, very good game."
76561198004387279,Not Recommended,245470,33663143,Posted: 19 July,all,Pentalis,"So, democracy, key word in the game's name, but not reflected in the gameplay. The game tries to simulate voter preferences, but with its limited events, fixed progression over time, predictable voters, and an oversimplified, unrealistic policy-making system (you simply ""pass"" your policies, there's no legislation, no nothing) the game is just not really representative of democracy, it's just another form of spreadsheet commander. The predictability of the game leads to lack of replayability, and overall, it's not worth the hefty price tag.4/10"
,Recommended,245470,33075021,Posted: 1 July,all,Lil jello,At least I am a better leader then Trumpo
,Recommended,245470,12091320,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Wamlab,"This game is amazing, i have just started playing it and im already hooked!"
76561198073412464,Recommended,245470,9466884,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Special Eyes,"I wont like, i really just wanted the cards. But after playing for a while i became obsessed! like all games it grows boring after a while it it was fun for a very long time!"
,Recommended,245470,9609612,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Hitude,"Altought the game lack some in depth, its a great well designed game. Some people suggested that the game adds some more difficult and i agree with them in most of it but the still great the way it is and i hope the comapny keeps the good works, slowly adding more complexity to the game."
76561198044543747,Recommended,245470,7979628,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,XR,"Made so perfect. Just a tip if you are being plotted against appease them with neutral (or offensive to loyalists) legislation. And don't wait until it's too late, crime prevention doesn't save you. Yeah, inside jobs and everything. Back to that, loyalists in the green will never leave you for ""new"" legislation. Check my achievements I'm an achiever at democracy!"
76561198024927125,Recommended,245470,9012764,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ssoroka78,"Democracy is a lot of fun and gives you an introduction to basic politics, yet in a way that's not dry and boring. :)The system for showing you how policies affect other things is brilliant, my only criticism is that the red and green bars (which represent positive and negative values), should instead be red if bad, and green if good, regardless of whether it's positive or negative. This would give you a better sense of if you're trying to raise or lower certain values, as it can get confusing. (If I'm lowering the red unemployment, is that good or bad? that's like a triple negative or something)Democracy really gives you a better appreciation of what a tough job it is to be in politics."
,Recommended,245470,9023913,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Kount Kancer,"I must start by stating this game is not for everyone. However, those who enjoy extremely complex gameplay and deep simulation will really enjoy this as I did. This game has gone into intricate detail into the mechanics of a democratic political system this is further expanded upon with the recent dlc pack. The limitation by the game is mainly down to the few countries it simulates. It would be better if there was a few more, perhaps even some non-western countries where the political situation is unstable would prove for highly challenging and compelling gameplay. Other than that I find the game very enjoyable and feel it is the sort of game I would play again and again. Some will hate this game and find it boring. Others will love it."
76561198040831389,Recommended,245470,7977163,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Emotionally Unstable,If you are a Political Junky like me this game is a must have!!!
76561198044978315,Recommended,245470,9026020,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Treshian,"A fun simulator. :) I recommend adding steam workshop mods if you play it, for extra situations, policies and such. Quite a lot of fun."
76561197965231883,Recommended,245470,9001433,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,JohnsVolition,Very good. But it seems after a while and you can just live in the balance.
76561198000739022,Recommended,245470,9006755,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Daniel Simmons,"Fun, great game, playing each country with all their problems."
76561198127701739,Recommended,245470,22264254,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,MasterKief,Great game!
,Recommended,245470,9001628,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,thorvindr,"First impression: Very cool. I thought it was going to be a bit like Civ, but it isn't at all. If you ever played eRepublik, this is a little bit like that. You sit in the driver's seat of a nation and take total control of the upper level of government. You make every major policy decision and have oversight of the national budget on a macro scale (you determine how much money gets spent on the military, but you don't decide how many tanks to buy).You start with what seems like a mildly-troubled economy, and a fairly stable society with a few major issues. You try to fix those issues, while at the same time ensuring that you make enough people happy to get reelected. The game engine is complicated without being difficult. It's like Sim City without the city.Srsly, this is how I would want to run an actual country. Umm. Wait. not exactly. But I'd want to see reports generated every day that look very much like the screens of this game.Everything you change affects everything else. I was rudely introduced to that reality when I began firing cabinet members who weren't providing me with enough political capital. It seems that every time you fire a cabinet member, the rest lose a certain amount of loyalty, and therefore provide a bit less political capital (an actual, literal resource) each turn (one turn represents three months). It seems that if you're going to replace one person, you may as well replace everyone.But I've only played for an hour or two yet, so I don't want to get too much into the details. Suffice to say, I plan to spend a lot of time with this ""game"" in the next couple months. This is my new default time-waster. And guess what? It runs on both Windows AND Linux, so I can play it anywhere."
,Recommended,245470,7948052,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ZP13_,You think you can run the government better than the government can? Good luck with that one.
,Recommended,245470,8038986,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Sinister Minister,This game is really good. Its a must have
,Recommended,245470,9134279,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Maltease,"Do you hate yourself? Do you fully believe you could do a better job running your country than its current leaders? Do you have the patience of twelve thousand monks?Good. Cause all of that will need to be true if you want to like this game. It's well made and the gameplay is (surprisingly enough) pretty enjoyable. I mean, ultimately you're just filling up bars. But when you fill up ONE bar, ANOTHER bar goes down. It's like the ultimate nut-punch balancing act.Have fun."
76561198124305733,Not Recommended,245470,25153752,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,zortacster,"It's decent, but way overpriced. It lacks features on corruption and foreign policy. Also furthermore it is clearly biased from the liberal perspective."
,Recommended,245470,20797828,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Or not 2B,"Democracy 3 is a political government simulator which you take control of a country (Canada, the US, Australia, Germany, France, The UK) and lead the nation as its democratically-elected head of government. Shape the country according to your ideals and push for reform and change and care for your people...Or deliberately oppress them and get assassinated by Liberals, the choice is yours!The game sees you become the head of government, and that's it. Nothing's forced and you have free will to do what you want: Put policies into law using political power you get each turn, raise or lower taxes using political power, inact union-protection laws, retire old policy, fund the military (which increases government employment), etc, there's quite a lot to do and quite a lot of laws.Want to see Germany become essentially a Fascist Dictatorship? Why not force the national anthem to be sung in schools, for flags to be flown on every corner, and for strict border control into the nation? You can do that. Want to see Britannia become a Socialist Paradise? Why not put a lot into welfare and allow for more rights to the workers? There's quite the bit you can do, assuming you aren't targeted by groups that oppose your ideological changes to the country.If you've played Nationstates(www.nationstates.net)you should be reminded about it in this game, (of course here there's a bit more to do and it obviously takes much shorter time for laws and policies to go into action) however unlike NS, where you can turn the country into a pychotic dictatorship in which your population is starving and is oppressed, in this game, if you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the wrong people, you'll be targeted by radical groups longing for your death by force.And unlike Victoria 2 (if you've played that game by Paradox Interactive), in which a rebellion winning means you have to play a government under the victorious rebels' rule, here it means you lose the game and have to start over again. Unlike Victoria in which you play as the state or Nationstates where you play as a seemingly immortal leader, here, you play as a mortal and vunerable head of government who can be assassinated if you♥♥♥♥♥♥off the wrong people, be it traditionalist conservatives, radical progressive liberals, or even pro-gun groups. The way the game works though makes it possible to play a game with any ideology set in mind, as long as any change isn't too radical so those who oppose it don't plot to kill you. Similarly, if you lose popularity, you can lose elections, so you have to choose wisely in enacting policies for both your survival and your reelection, assuming you don't want a game over.Yeah so if you like this variety of game, feel free to get it and its expansions, it's a good political simulator that provides fun if you're a nerdy Political nut like myself."
76561198069373919,Recommended,245470,20095650,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Frank  J. Underwood,The first time that i play i take germany and i won the elections with 67%The second time i take the uk and i lose with 27% and the opposition take 47%The third time i take again the germany and my popularity was 94% and one turn before the elections i get murdered by the liberals.I suppose that they was the rest 6%..........And yes is a very good game!
,Not Recommended,245470,21876083,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Dr.Acula,"Sorry, but this game is just boring. The UI is simply a number of menus filled with sliders, numbers and plain text. The game is not easily approachable. People who like statistics and pure strategy and don't care about visuals or game play in general might find this game fun, but I don't."
76561198026072512,Recommended,245470,21571870,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Actually Bad at DotA,"I wish voters would play this game to understand how stupid their political opinions are. Most people seem to have no concept of the full effect policy can have on a country -- how complex it is. This game does a great job at bringing things together in a pretty logical, consistent way."
76561198271926696,Recommended,245470,34429273,Posted: 22 August,all,Grubbles,I mean I don't really think much about my decisions but I'll tell you what it's sure as hell fun to slam sliders back and forth until I get assassinated
,Recommended,245470,8001210,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,M_Roberts82,"The Democracy series caters to a different sort of gamer. Some of my friends will jokingly call this ""Spreadsheet: The Game"" due to the overabundance of sliders, graphs, charts and percentages as opposed to gunfire, action, suspense, etc. This is not Civ, this doesn't involve empire building, you do not need to construct additional pylons, no troop movements, no resource management, no leveling up. What you do get is an engaging political simulator that allows you to play out your political machinations while dealing with the needs, wants and goals of a diverse populace spread across a variety of interest groups. Balance risk & reward, weigh the options, implementing sweeping reforms or minor tweaks, combat obesity or pollution or lack of intelligent workforce, create a socialist paradise or a police state full of chipped & tracked citizens, get shot by extremist liberals or gun-toting patriots. Overall its a wonderful and engaging game but if you've never played a Democracy game before then I would highly suggest finding a friend with a copy and trying it out first before buying."
,Recommended,245470,9001541,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Am I 🅱️eing Detained?,"The game initially seems fun, and can be entertaining, but the game is very, very complex and detalied. Some of the policies do not make any sense on what they affect (Cutting police funding decreases vigilantism?). I feel that if you were to watch a lot of gameplay and get a full grasp on the game that it would be very fun. But if you think you can just buy it and understand it all in one sitting, this is not the game for you."
76561198039689258,Recommended,245470,9313708,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,playsvideogames,It is very fun; if you like politics. The mods are easy to make and fun too. Try it out! :D
76561198070135109,Recommended,245470,10550931,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,csghostrider,"Amazing,difficult game. It has a better tutorial than most strategy games I have played, so that's a definite plus.The UI is comphrensible as long as you don't move your cursor, and don't look at the GDP graphs unless you're a mathmetician. Get this game if you love/hate politics."
,Recommended,245470,10552374,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,kirtanloorii,"I was president of the United States, and staying true to current events, I ran it into the ground. A landslide defeat on election day ensured that I got the Mussolini treatment. I would do it again."
,Recommended,245470,10599268,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,outhertree,"I think this is a pretty accurate depiction on politics for a game. At least one I have found so far... that being said, I really enjoy playing this. It keeps me thinking. If I don't get assassinated again, I might complete all the badges. LOL Silly conservatives, guns arent for you."
,Recommended,245470,9003078,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,SlyMikael,This is probably one of the most difficult games I've ever played and it feels like I don't even control what happens in the game.. I hate it. 5 stars.
76561197971043638,Recommended,245470,9213256,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Melrick,"I'll give this game a thumbs up but it strongly depends on where your interests lie.  I really wish Steam had a “Maybe” option!  If you don't have a real interest in politics then I can't really imagine a person would get much out of this game.  There's no pretty graphics, no fancy animations, no wars to declare or nations to conquer and nothing to research.  It's purely about you trying to win the next election by enacting polices or adjusting existing ones.  I’m just not quite convinced an accurate balance is there, though.For example, in one play through I eliminated crime and pollution yet still managed to somehow loose the first election in a landslide.  The correlation and effects between one thing and another doesn’t always seem truly accurate to me.On the surface it seems a very simple game, but it’s actually very complex, with an undoubted learning curve.  Just whether that complexity would be enough to interest many people and to keep them coming back to the game is open to question.  If you’re fascinated by politics, though, then this is definitely the game for you."
76561198088392669,Recommended,245470,9241126,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,jake3234,cool game
76561198079675531,Recommended,245470,9242722,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Melon,this game is alot of fun one problem whith is probbaly my falt is assasination ethnic minorateys hate me and theres mods to get rid it other then that it is a great game.
,Recommended,245470,10884848,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,orgulas,"This game will show you  ""YOU CAN'T MAKE EVERYONE HAPPY"" and they'll assassinate you :)  8/10,"
,Recommended,245470,27378518,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PeachOfTheJungle,Liberals are still stupid in this game.
76561198043886939,Recommended,245470,13170570,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Jacobology,Proves that anyone can be a much worse leader than Obama. 10/10
76561198073532125,Recommended,245470,23971720,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RichiePls,>buy game>start up game>play as the US cause MURICA ♥♥♥♥ YEAH>lets make America great again>have a presidency a million times more conservative than Reagan>get assassinated by conservatives10/10 would get shot by people with similar political views again
,Recommended,245470,14374324,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,IndieJones,Angered some Nuns and was assassinated by them. 11/10 Best nun simulator.
,Not Recommended,245470,17198019,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Moshe Abrahim Yhezqel,"This game is sorta fun, but it pushes many of the cons the elite in the real world are trying to push on us. It is an agenda pusher in my opinion. Some of the mechanics are make believe like global warming and terrorism. The only terrorists are the government funded ones. It takes big bucks to finance a personal terrorist army. The only people with big bucks to spend on that would be the governments themselves and the elite. If it did not have the propaganda included it would be a fun game. The mythological aspects added to it are what ruined it for me."
,Recommended,245470,23624256,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Gezemice,The goal is to win the election no matter what :DDDhealing in the next term then the goal is set again hih.END IS NEVER END IS NEVER END IS
,Recommended,245470,10778170,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Brown Weiner,I'll be honest I picked this game up just because it was on sale and was not expecting anything incredible.And i got addicted and played it for about 12 hours straight.Also of fun and a great mod community.
76561198016302416,Not Recommended,245470,13463929,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Toonces,"I have played less than two hours.  In that time, I have played two games.  One as a Democratic president in the US and one as a Republican president in the US.  In both games I attempted what I thought were fairly centrist policies while at the same time trying to reduce the US deficit.  In each instance I was ASSASSINATED within a handful of turns.  I didn't even make it to an election.  For a game that publishes itself as deep and nuanced, I find it surprising that games often end (quickly) with the president being KILLED after a less than a YEAR in office."
,Recommended,245470,29773075,Posted: 7 February,all,☭Captain Hoxha Minke☭,"Hello soon to be non-elected leader I am your main Political Advisor Isaac Cox.Today you’re the President but tomorrow you may be a target from ethical minority conservative capitalist plot. First as leader you need to break all your election promise to get money after that you should deal with the general strikes, deficit, teacher strike, doctor strike, unemployment, rare material crisis, Environment, Gang crime, Vigilantly crime, racial crime and anything what you should do.But as your most trustworthy political advisor I will be by your side until the boat starts to rock. You should also continue to check your minister so you can create a loving and caring police state for everyone.Your Most Humble ServantIsaac Cox(soon to be president)"
,Recommended,245470,12435219,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,No This is Patrick,"Democracy 3 is probably the most in-depth political simulator ever, and with tons  of workshop mods to boot. You Prime Minister/President/Supreme Leader and run your country the way it suits you. However, like real life, almost every decision is a compromise and gaining the votes of your citizens means sometimes sucking up to them. Although everything is presented in graphs, stats and words Democracy does a great job at doing so. Keeping track of your GDP and violent crime has never been so easy!"
76561198094715472,Not Recommended,245470,9902585,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,ramramgeorge,"If you enjoy politics and have power fantasies then this game is a nice quick-play. It gets repetitve (even with the countless mods I installed) and there is no real ideological variety here. It would be awsome if you could create your OWN policies instead of choosing from a limited, social-capitalist option.There is no way to impress capitalists in this game, or the wealthy without making your country pretty crap. Too little options for policies, and the elements of beuacraccy (forgive me if I mispelt that), and parliment/congress are not very visible in this game. A good quick-play and I give credit to the guy for creating a unique game but I dont find it worth $25 and its not for everyone (i.e. if you spend your steam hours on dota or TF2 then this game will put you to sleep)"
,Recommended,245470,9067513,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,XXXCAUCASIAN,"Overall, a great game. One of those that makes you think (in a good way). Reccomended for anyone interested in government or politics. Seeing how everything has an impact- no matter how small it may be really makes you sit there and really think about it.My one gripe with the game is how quickly people hate you and will start violent rebellions. But that's all.9/10."
76561197965637472,Not Recommended,245470,26530272,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[HoB] MaNiAc,I want to like this game... but it's just not fun. Was more enteraing watching the google us election map refresh every 30 seconds....
76561198041813262,Not Recommended,245470,13649546,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Rik,"Don't be disguised by this game stating to be ""in depth"". If you look at the core  fundamentals of this game then it is basically based on balancing different bars which just happen to have ""different titles"" to differentiate them. If you find it enjoyable to do this  then sure you will love this game however it got old very quick for me. I continued to play a few more hours hoping that some new developments or gameplay choices would be introduced but it was the same old repetitive balancing of bars.  I found the whole concept of being in control of a nation very interesting which is why i puirchased this game however my choices and policies on different sectors just seem very repeititve and bland and there is no satisfaction in things you implement. Sure I admit i probably suck at this game but do not be fooled into thinking it is some in depth strategy game as it is far from that."
,Not Recommended,245470,13262559,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Mr. Rain,"The game is very confusing and the ups and downs are very radical and unpredictable.. I feel the game is not mechanically sound... I've spent about 15-20 runs on the same country and some random event always happens that screws me over and un-does everything positive that I've done and I never recover.I understand tycoon/business games are meant to be challenging but this is ridiculous. The game does tell you what good and bad each policy does to each group of people, but even though I abide to the game's information, I still get screwed over. It's like some policies have a phantom effect on certain groups and I'm here, head spinning figuring out what the hell's triggering a ""Black Activists Group"" from wanting to kill me when I have done things to help the minorities and the poor.Unless you want to try and figure out this very very unpredictable puzzle, I suggest waiting for a sale.. The game really needs to give more information and feedback than what it does already. Good guides are not easy to come by and you can check the community forum for this game, other people are also pointing out mechanical flaws within the game.I'm all for Indie games but these guys have to do their homework before they release a what seems to me, a semi-broken game."
76561198122494319,Not Recommended,245470,13794711,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Viktor Reznov,dieses Spiel ist ziemlich schlecht. egal was ich bekomme ich getötet.
76561197971021422,Not Recommended,245470,28902876,Posted: 1 January,all,Painkiller,"This game used to work fine, a year or 2 back. Now it just has a bug that kicks you out the game regularly ever few minutes."
,Recommended,245470,18186265,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,eLemenOPi,"Super amazing game, hard to pick up but really fun to play"
,Recommended,245470,9224693,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Peen,"I mention both those that should and should not buy it. Skip down a bit to find those that should not.This game is by no means for all; Its a political simulation, and a sort of left-winged-big-government biased one (I get into more detail below if you aren't that direction politically, so dont give up hope yet). Not everyone is going to be good at it as it is enourmously complex. Its also, sadly, a little biased to (modern) liberalism and socialism (you really can't cut too much of anything, and somehow economic equality is a big factor and connects directly to racial issues, which most people would agree shouldn't connect).No matter your political views, if you are particually political you will probably find this fun (with some acceptions, mentioned below). It also seems relatively realistic. But, I do find that the extreme groups get annoying. However, I've yet to learn how to deal with them while others have learned to deal with them.Now, the people that should not buy this game are those who are very Libertarian (as in the American Libertarian Party) and anyone who is Anarchist/Minarchist. As a Libertarian, I can positively say its possible to have fun as one (though expect to get a bit annoyed at times), but someone who isn't as politically accepting as I am (not to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I've noticed I have a bit more tolerance for other political views, especially with how strongly I support my own) and is a Libertarain/Minarchist/Anarchist you probably want to avoid it. Or be ready to buy a new monitor, as you will probably punch it.I've heard also that this isn't a real huge update from Democracy 2, so if you have Democracy 2 its best you keep your money and not buy this.EDIT: Probably something you don't care too much about, but I recently found my political views far better fit under Anarcho-Capitalist. So, if an An-Cap can play Democracy 3 you probably will be able to♥♥♥♥♥♥around and have some fun no matter your political stance."
76561198050544474,Recommended,245470,8724688,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,OneEyeShark45,A fun simulation game that allows you to morph a nation to your own ideals or perhaps the opposite. There really isn't anything wrong with it other than it can get repetative.
76561198037453253,Recommended,245470,22490661,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Pius X,10/10 Made America Great Again
76561198057319589,Recommended,245470,10081033,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Will throw for nudes.,"Complecated,hard and the most fun i have had in a wile :D"
,Recommended,245470,10115594,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Fourth Crusading 4 Life,"This is a very good game that took a lot of thought and time to create, it is very strange in that all you do is look at graphs and make disions based on thoughs graphs.  It's very thought provoking and a general great game but it is not for everyone, so if you like data based games you will love it, I do."
,Recommended,245470,9187863,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Jaske,A fun little game with decent replayability and good balance. I blew 12 hours on this in a week so it was well worth it.
,Recommended,245470,10095344,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Yung Salty,"I, Supreme Leader Of the USA and the acting head of the McDonalds Party, approve of this game"
,Recommended,245470,8999873,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Lasersniper,"Complicated, Diffucult, Stressful, Brain scarambling goodness. Feel the presure of ruining your country no matter what you try and end of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off everyone. So sit down, grab some soda, and relax as your fellow countrymen plot your death and destruction.In all reality it is a REALLY fun game."
76561198005514586,Recommended,245470,9020412,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ambit10n,"While the events begin to break down and become repititive if you don't implement term limits, the subtle changes and the nature of politics is well-captured.Incredibly addictive, seemingly simple game with immense replayability.This game should be marketed to high school Civics classes."
,Recommended,245470,25439492,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Doc Cthulhu,"This is a great time waster, it allows you to attempt to run a country however you like and get assassinated in the process."
,Recommended,245470,9026299,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,b0ttlecaps,"Mainly for the politically minded, but can suit strategists aswell.Thoroughly enjoyed this game."
76561198074479756,Recommended,245470,13446722,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,[Niku] BANEBLADE,I legalized prostitution and then everyone came to my country as 'tourists' 10/10 would do it again
76561198104936086,Not Recommended,245470,32700342,Posted: 23 June,all,pfc13bravo,"You'll get assassinated every time its pointless trying to play. If you want to survive you have to implement policies you are completely against. Say you're left leaning if you dont implement some right leaning ideas you will get assassinated by the right, and the other way around. Fun game but you will not survive unless you are a centrist."
,Recommended,245470,12895951,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Sabre3999,"As a fan of strategy and simulation games, this was quite fun for me. The systems are complex (which you'll see the moment you look at how things are all connected) but after an hour or so the whole thing becomes extremely gameable. Easily-gamed systems means an easy game, once you figure out how to do so. But the fun isn't in the freeform games, it's in the various scenarios you're given (for example rescuing a country from economic devastation, familiar?)I bought this during a past Steam sale for a song, along with the DLC that was available at the time. There is a lot of crap in my library from bundles and sales. This purchase is not one I regret. In fact had it been a full price purchase I still think it would have been worth it, and that's fairly high praise nowadays."
,Not Recommended,245470,10539746,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Felonious Ham,"Seemed like it was right up my ally. I love simulations that give you many things to tweak and see what happens.Too bad that this is predictable, super simple (I know its incredibly difficult to make a full-on, working, realistic political sim, but this is still miles away) biased, and just... not accurate at all.$25 for a sorta-neat UI and one-time run through. Don't reccomend."
,Recommended,245470,10548507,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,󠀡𝒮𝓉𝓇𝒶𝓃𝑔𝑒,This game is an awesome time cruncher.Granted this game isn't the first of its kind but the theme of it is. The theme does a good job keeping a person immersed for many an hour.I highly reccomend this game.
76561198042222356,Recommended,245470,8405705,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Your Ironic,"I have always been a fan of super-complex strategy games, but this game really surprised me. From the ratings I've seen online, this game hasn't been everyone's favorite, but I loved it. It runs smoothly and boots quickly, with simple yet elegant graphics making this complex game easy to understand after a few short rounds. The $25 price has been regarded as too high for this game, but I disagree. Sure, I would like a lower price, but the $25 is really worth it."
76561198119591452,Recommended,245470,24770104,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Timmirot,"I can't seem to have a presidency that doesn't end in assassination. At first, it was funny, because I figured it was a rare outcome. But as I played more, I kept getting assassinated, no matter what I did. The devs NEED to lower your odds of getting assassinated. On a whole, this game is fun, so just barely I recommend this game. It does loose its appeal quickly, due to the constant assassinations, so maybe wait for a sale, $25 is a bit much for what you get."
,Recommended,245470,12563898,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,bry142,Legalized Prostitution. The religious people hate me10/10Update Review: Buy the Game when it goes on sell. Not worth 25 dollars.
,Not Recommended,245470,15869521,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Toxicwire,This game has a steep learning curve and all you do is move sliders.
76561198010930482,Not Recommended,245470,35211058,Posted: 25 September,all,evilgoldengiant,"The achievements suggest you can kind of build the government however you please.This isn't really true. Rather, you can implement Barack Obama's vision of government, or you can be assassinated. There's not particularly a third option."
,Not Recommended,245470,20024214,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,CivilizedWasteland,"kind of boring really, more of a puzzle game than a political simulator. Not really worth the $10."
,Not Recommended,245470,35351051,Posted: 30 September,all,Friedhelm Winter,"If you're not a full-on Leftie, you're going to get assassinated. Unfortunately, this ruins the game-experience."
76561198048629651,Not Recommended,245470,9011964,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Scott,"If you are a libertarian, avoid this game like the plague.  It is a socialist's wet dream.  By and large, the game penalizes you whenever you try to reduce government and rewards you when you enlarge it.  Policy options are almost always to increase the size of government and/or control people's lives.  There were turns where there wasn't a single reduction policy option.  This game has NOTHING to do with reality and everything to do with the fantasies of control freaks (sociaists, social conservatives, etc.).  Halfway through my first term, I was assassinate and that was the end of me playing this game.  I wish I could get a refund but that's impossible from Steam."
,Recommended,245470,13102683,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,omanerasdu,Racists killed me 10/10
,Recommended,245470,14345817,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Zένø™ 👌,"Very realistic game.Liberals,capitalists & theists will assassinate you if you try to make the world a better place."
,Not Recommended,245470,19785620,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,bennyS,"At first glance this game excited me, made me think I could have a joking expirence with a dictator like govement. However, this game is serious, and seriously over priced.Pros.-The game is on sale alot and I got it for a low price.-If you have an intrest in politics you will be slightly intrested in this game.-Has a nice neat layout.Cons.-It took me 1.6 hours untill I had lost all intrest in the game.-Will drain any intrest of politics you may have.-Extreamly over priced-The DLC seemed to actualy limit the game, not expand my expirence. This is becuase I found no quick qay of toggling which DLCs I had active. (I am sure there is a way, but I shouldn't have to ""google it"" when I paid money for the DLC. Furthermore this was a while ago and may of changed since)-The game feels overbaring. You have to learn alot about the games mechanics and read alot of things when you start out, I personally dont mind this but I thought it was worth mentioning.Overall I would not recomend this game. The most enjoyment I got out of it was from roleplaying UKIP and the NAZI party. I'd rate this game arround 4/10 for enjoyment and 1/10 value even when on sale."
,Not Recommended,245470,17684568,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,CluckingTiger,While the game is quite good itself you can finish it in about an hour and have a Utopia with 100% votes.That's pretty much it. Yep. Don't waste your money.
,Recommended,245470,12819579,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Not a Post Man,"Great game.Positives it is a complecated aspect, but shown in an easy way,Fun and Easily understood.this game is a little to easy, you can easly dplay and win this game, i can ocasonly strugle to lose this game, because capitalists LIKE EVERYTHING THAT YOU COULD HATE.7/10"
,Recommended,245470,20327434,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ryan-3,Legalised drugs. Banned religion. Built a hadron-collider. 100% Employment. Functioning space program...Assassinated by capitalists.11/10 - would nuke the institute again.
,Not Recommended,245470,24786724,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Pinochets HelO Rides,"If you play as conservative, you get killed."
,Recommended,245470,25949658,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Matutinus,Successfully turned Canada into a communist countries with 100% socialists and no religious people around. And best part of this path is you don't have to pay the debt you owe to whatever idiotic country/bank.
76561198258322781,Not Recommended,245470,19705217,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Nobody Expects Maximus!,"It all sounded SO cool... run a country, make the decisions, shape the policies to steer a successful course back from the brink of doom, a really creative and intuitive interface. SO much data-porn!! So clickety click, in I went.And it all started out OK... until I started thinking through the game mechanics, about what their simulation assumptions were. All hard line left. Liberalism, socialism, communism, collectivism... a morass of all of my least favorite ""-isms"". Taking the default starting settings, after a number of hours trying various things, I can literally see no way to ""win"", short of making 100% pro union, pro left, pro populist, guaranteed to ruin any real life country just like it has every single time it's been implemented decisions. Social welfare? Need lots! Unemployment without strings? Got to have it. Free housing? Yup, all in. Police-state level of government control over the population? Obviously, yes. What about tax relief to unshackle the engines of capitalism? Nope, that will bankrupt you. Killing off expensive, leftist policies? No actual way to get more than one or two done, and the effects take so long to soak in you're sacked in no time. And on, and on, and on.Overall, disappointing and exhausting. And if even the barest minimum of the game creators assumptions about how to build this simulation is accurate, it's wildly disheartening. Because that would mean we're screwed when it comes to recovering a free market, personal liberties and personal responsibility, you-are-the-only-limit-to-your-potential kind of society.On the other hand, if you're a fan of the leftist twaddle being peddled by the administrations and the media in nearly every nation today, and you think you'll fare better than the 140,000,000+ dead by communism in the last century (as far as we know), you may just love this game. Until you run out of other people's money and resources. But that is another discussion entirely.I'm uninstalling it."
76561197983567117,Recommended,245470,17418477,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Gnardur,Killed by the Norwegian Capitalist elite. but but but.... I only made religion illegal and poured tons of money into science!Oh right..... I taxed the rich. damn capitalists.....
76561198083404590,Recommended,245470,12381892,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,DaFluff19,Well at first I didnt understand much about this game I went into it blind and stupid. After a few different tries I played as france it was easy at first but then got intense. But I didnt quit and in the end I won 100% of the vote and my people loved me I also turned cathotlic france into a sceintific haven where I was god lol 10/10
76561198030849838,Recommended,245470,21650932,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,The King of Bees,-Blacks hate me -> exterminate the blacks.-Yay no more ghettos!-Trade Unionists hate me -> exterminate the trade unionists.-Liberals hate me for exterminating blacks -> exterminate the liberals-Oh yay the conservatives like me now!-try to subsidize alternative energy-conservatives hate me now -> exterminate conservatives-ban alcohol-get assassinated by Green Party10/10 would bang
,Recommended,245470,13630837,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Big Brown Bear,Got assassinated by farmers. With a pitchfork.10/10 would import foreign meat again
,Recommended,245470,13534903,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dornaldo Trumpton,Legalised prostitution and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off some tories. 101/10 would un-♥♥♥♥ up an economy again.
76561198050220047,Recommended,245470,13634313,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Snowy,"Turned the UK from a UTOPIA with 90% Tax rate, to a police state with 90% tax rate. After six failed assassination attempts eventually died.Would play again ---(BUY ON SALE- not worth Full price *(lacks enough replayability value, or content))"
,Recommended,245470,7936318,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Edelweiß,"I love Democracy 3. You get to control a relatively wealthy first world nation like USA, UK or... Canada? to bring prosperity and education and communism and automation and capitalism and facism and whatever other misfortune you want to bring on your hapless people!YOU HAVE THE POWER! THE POWER OF DEMOCRACY HAHAHAHA!"
76561198066338193,Recommended,245470,17439603,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Spookbert,"If your that guy who likes a fun political game of chain reaction then this is for you.Sadly im not that kind of guy considering how yet it has the feel of being in office and dealing with the needs/wants of the country at the same time it kinda keeps you with boring lookin bubbles and bars and♥♥♥♥♥♥with a white background the whole time. The feel is ""kind of"" there like Nation Policy isnt exactly all ""MOVE THE ARMIES INTO COMPTON AND SHOOT THE BLACK DUDES FOR LOOKING LIKE CRIMINALS"" type of deal and its more like apealing to the religous, the capitalists, the socialits (:3), and the insensitive parents who go all out bezerk with the government (like when their kid sneaks in a copy of Carl on Duty or some sh#t and play for about 1 hour), and other groups of people.The gameplay is basic and really easy to grasp after a few mins of gameplay (if you can read) which is nice for someone like me who found out what he was doing fairly quickly. I found it a bit dull after a while due to the basic lower bar and sh#t happens deal but im just that guy who plays Roamer Soldier in TF2 and just goes f#cking bezerker blood bath on my enemies while im pushing 40 keys at once trying to not die while sweating like hell. But yeah I didnt play a whole game of D3 because I couldnt fall into wanting to play more of it after about 1 hour of gameplay. I had this feel with other games like FNAF where I didnt feel an actuall rush or reason to play other than the fear of a bobbling head in my face with an ear♥♥♥♥♥♥to go with it but im not reveiwing some game about a robot bear. Other than the dull gameplay It still kinda makes me feel like its a really good game but not for me.My final recomendation goes to the people who like a serious but not like the ""FAST REFLEX FPS/MOBA/Srategy"" type of game. Also this can be fun for someone who is into politics like gun control, education, medicince, and the Socialist VS Capitalist (pigs) deal and not the whole shooting heads off people."
,Not Recommended,245470,13660163,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Piszozo,"Terrible logic, very far from being realistic."
76561198074813971,Recommended,245470,14345969,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Robespierre,"Sizi saatlerce başında tutmasa da,aralıklarla açıp stres atmak için ideal ve güzel bir oyun."
,Recommended,245470,13630074,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,treibhauscanada,"My cabinet members leave each quarter even though I have an 80%+ approval rating in their chosen fields.""John Doe is upset and might take 'personal time off' with his family unless you improve in both patriotism and capitalism!""Both are at all time highs.  John still quits and causes a scandal, just because.Then people try to kill me, even though the country is a super power with a 20 billion surpluss, low unemployment, a 65% approval rating and  a great GDP.You really can't please everybody.  Politics are brutal.10/10."
,Recommended,245470,13600966,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,oop584,"I created a techno haven, tax driven Canada with legalized prostitution and LSD. Also Socialists love me."
,Recommended,245470,13675662,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DanimalAwesome,"Set the death penalty for homicide♥♥♥♥♥♥ black party assassinated me 4 turns later.12/10, would set death penalty and get assassinated again."
76561198073107822,Not Recommended,245470,13617352,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,krelllian,3-5 hours of gameplay and not much of replay value.
76561198147743149,Not Recommended,245470,13629813,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Razsh Vollril,"It took me less than an hour to become the most popular leader in Germany. After that, I just press forward and win every vote. Never less than 97% vote for me. Its not a game, its a boring click forward and forward and forward. Another annoying thing is that tha same things happen over and over again. So if you enouy playing a game for an hour, yes it it quite good, but I will never recommend this game to anyone! Crap!"
76561197996668645,Not Recommended,245470,13641566,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Lephtovermeet,"It’s a great concept but at this point it seems more like a graduate thesis or game proposal than actually finished game – it’s more frustrating than fun. Let me give some examples:Start new game with standard settings: my party starts with only 2million members while opposition has 75million. There are no (none that I know of) ways to raise party members or campaign. Whatever, I go through trying my best to implement the most popular policies and adjust current policies to be more popular. 2-3 years of this leads to only the most marginal gains in popularity and no gains in my party population. My cabinet tells me they hate me. Minorities decide they hate me and I’m told of a possible assignation plot – there are no options to crack down on them with CIA or something. Next turn I am told I survived an assassination attempt – again no option to crack down with police or military or whatever. Two turns later I’m told I was assassinated – game over. So fun.Start new game, spend the entire time doing nothing but implementing popular policies and adjusting current policies to be more popular. Do literally everything that the overwhelming majority requests. Squeak by election with less than 1% margin – continue doing the same. Cabinet decides they hate me – populous decides they hate me – made aware of multiple protesting groups and coup-attempts. Loose next election overwhelmingly – so fun.There’s a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of missing controls and a few clunky menus that make these game pretty much unbearable. For instance – income tax: there’s no way to structure it, you can’t set the tiers or manage it at all so no matter what everyone hates it. There’s no way to campaign or raise your parties population or public image. There’s no way to crack down on militants or extremists. As far as I can tell, the game is always limited to a 2 party system and as soon as you are out of power the game is over. And one thing that really irks me is – the only way I have found to adjust current policies is to go into ‘polls’ the select the policies tab, which doesn’t really make sense.Conclusion – get it for $2.99… for the i-pad… and play it on the subway. Never pay full price for this game and don’t expect much more than frustration from it."
76561198077812049,Not Recommended,245470,13654345,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,echosmyronx,Not any better than the 2nd. Hands down terrible.
76561198052276905,Not Recommended,245470,13674408,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Heather,"Unless this game is in the sale for very cheap, don't bother.  The interface is clunky, and the gameplay options limited.  I did manage to play this for a few hours with some interest, but does not offer long-lasting playability."
,Not Recommended,245470,13680367,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,harley,"This got boring quick. After getting assasinated as PM of Australia in the first 2 years (I started with 0% approval, wtf?!) I tried Great Britain. In the space of 20 years I had 0 cars on the road, 0 relgious people and 98% voter turnout and 100% of votes cast.The sudden GDP drops (and boosts) from exceeding arbitrary thresholds are a cute mechanic but hardly an accurate simulation of real economics. Sure, things may cascade due to inputs, but they aren't binary."
76561198034423880,Not Recommended,245470,13767874,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Zlatan Bold,"As a big fan of strategy and simulator genres I was excited to play Democracy 3. I finally decided to purchase the game when Steam was having a sale. I'm glad I didn't pay full price because it seems like an incomplete game. While the gameplay is okay, there is surprising lack of depth considering the game is in its third iteration.Here are only a few of the MANY issues I have with the game:1. It is insanely easy to get assassinated. So much so that if you don't turn off assassinations the game basically boils down to trying not to be killed. It makes the game unrealistic and not fun, because you have little ability to prevent your own assassination.2. There is little variety in the 'unique situations' which arise and require you to make a decision as ruler. After serving one term you have seen most of the situations and they get repeated over and over again, only ever giving you two options. Politics isn't so black and white. Additionally, the rate at which situations are repeated makes your decisions nearly inconsequential.3. The population is static, it NEVER changes. It does not grow or shrink - which makes policies like ""One child only"" have no relevance except to make your citizens angry. Immigration does not add to the population it only converts 'Natives' to 'NonNatives'.4. The user-interface is extremely dull. The screen you use most has 100+ buttons with little pictures on them. After staring at that for an hour it gets pretty old. Sure, there are other screens you use on occasion to look at charts and graphs, but how about adding the ability to look at a map of your nation?I will stop my list here, though I could go on. This game has a lot of potential, but it needs a TON of creativity and work before I would call it good or recommend it to others."
,Recommended,245470,27008057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PooPooManGoDieXD,Definetly a game you should get if you're into simulation games.If you dont get assasonated first!Ba dum Chink!
76561197999049758,Not Recommended,245470,13614879,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Phantasm,I regret this purchase.
,Not Recommended,245470,13620137,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Synfidie,Found the game annoying with little to do. I think this is one of my top five regret purchases of 2014.
,Recommended,245470,13761244,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kitty #deployed,I keep getting assassignated because they think I'm a racist. 10/10 they know my true colors
,Recommended,245470,14606432,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Ivan Chesnokov,>Leader of the People's Front>Strongly anti-religious and socialo-communist>ëvery far-right including religious groups want me dead>Get assassanited by 'The Crusaders of the Lord'11/10 would play again
76561198103668135,Not Recommended,245470,10203294,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,RabidPanda216,"yo, not good"
76561198027849542,Recommended,245470,13954153,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,cbwjm,"I created a crime free utopia, then I was assassinated."
76561198007270000,Recommended,245470,8411303,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shaun_r27,I ruler
,Recommended,245470,12925183,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Dusk,"Very good polictical sim, if your into politics that is. Highly recommeneded"
,Not Recommended,245470,13631173,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ﮎilvia Ҳ,This has has no depth. After you manage to figure out which sliders to slide and which not to. There is nothing else to do. Highly repetitive gameplay and the dialogs are extremely repititive as well.
,Recommended,245470,17038757,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Raydric Drakenheim,"Played as Australia, set 70% Income Tax, $10bn/qtr surplus with $1.5 trillion in reserve. Medium GDP and maintained 80%+ approval rating for 3 terms straight. Got rid of crime, poverty and unemployment. Full health and education.Why am I not the PM of Australia yet? (IRL)"
,Recommended,245470,17904934,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Sejmet,"I like this game buuuut... I play all my games in english because the texts, voice and everything is better than a ""translation"", i think that is not  the original. But here, we need a spanish translation. There are a lot a texts that we must to read for play the game, and is really exhausted read all of that things in english. I'm waiting for this to continue playing =/"
,Recommended,245470,23998205,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paco Pantanos,10/10 would get murdered again.
,Recommended,245470,23843337,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,e!nas,The game is beautiful! Please add the Russian language. :)
,Recommended,245470,23845386,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JakeOmega,"Fun, but not very replayable. Only plan on a few hours of gameplay unless you get really into it."
,Recommended,245470,23970755,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lol Internets,Day 1: Deficit is 10 billion everyone is happy.Day 50050400: Deficit is 233433 trillion and I have created a complete socialist utopia with no religion and all borders lockedWould play again 10/10Can't seem to leave the EU tho.
76561198182489111,Recommended,245470,24132532,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Keyboard Warrior,10/10 very democratic
,Recommended,245470,29617170,Posted: 31 January,all,Aaron Oldenburg,"Fun and interesting, I've been thinking about it since I stopped playing.  Part of what's interesting about it, though, is also what stops me from wanting to play much more than one full session: the biases of the designers.One example is that in my last play through, I got hit with massive brain drain.  The only two causes that would have directly lowered this would have been eliminating income and luxury tax, since I already had them low.  I'm pretty sure there are other factors that influence brain drain (like executive orders against immigrants, or, in the other direction, creation of high tech jobs).Another, which didn't hurt gameplay as much but was just kind of silly was the effects of drug legalization. Legalizing marijuana, in the game, increases the crime rate... which seems debatable at best. But then the next step up was legalizing LSD, which in the game drastically increases crime andaddiction(???).  Then after that is full legalization, which is a bizarre sequence.I did like that implementing Welfare Fraud Detection cost billions but only saved millions, and was ridiculously popular with voters.  This is a pretty deep game and there's a lot to poke around in and experiment with."
76561198375368302,Recommended,245470,32689258,Posted: 23 June,all,spaceyqueen,it awesome
,Recommended,245470,32682730,Posted: 23 June,all,Big Brother,Who knew running a country would be so hard?
,Recommended,245470,28765691,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Neomikiki,"Wonderful, really helps you understand why governments act the way they do."
76561198246318948,Recommended,245470,28703876,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ryanliaoyz,"Well.. it's kinda too hard for me as a politic ignorants, nice game tho.."
76561198007434712,Recommended,245470,28701242,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ravage,"Bought it on sale,  I was interested in playing Canada being that I am Canadian but after starting the game and finding out Canada is 83% Socalists I was a little surprised to say the least.    I know we have some Universal Healthcare here in Canada but Socalists ?   Really ?     As a hard working, highly paid Oilpatch worker who is pro gun and string criminals from the light posts Albertan I am kinda offended at this notion  :)As for the game I just really started playing it so just learning but it was on sale so I will give it a try"
,Recommended,245470,20030060,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,김숭은,"Raised the taxes and increased education budget.GDP and Education is rising, Poverty is lowering.Get assassinated by ""The Moral Crusade"" for legalizing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.10/10 would get assassinated again."
76561198142750246,Not Recommended,245470,30697897,Posted: 23 March,all,Lysmerry,"This game was unrealistic, and fairly dull.I was annoyed that the only options were white, mostly English speaking countries, because it made the populations very similar and took away the challenge of catering to the interests of a certain group.There was only so much you could do, and generally had to go a certain route to keep people happy, which led to lack of replay value in individual countries.Also, one of my gameplays I went a more libertarian route. I had previously been assasinated, so with the rising threat of a religious group I added policies that went against the gameplay style in order to protect myself.  I was very popular but still assasinated, which I found ridiculous because as a single person I could have an armed guard and other cheaper, less invasive and expensive policies to protect myself. I realize the point of the game is that you do need to make compromises but wouldn't terrorist attacks on my citizens be a more likely outcome?The game really needed intrigue. The advisors lacked subtlely and beyond the political capital, added little to the game. I would have preferred a setup more like Crusader Kings where I could become personally involved with my cabinet, perhaps do them favors which would increase their loyalty but potentially harm my reputation. Perhaps my cabinet members could form their own cabals and run against me if I strayed too far from their interests.I am so happy I got this on sale for $6 because $24 is a ridiculously high price."
,Recommended,245470,17580633,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Bucksmith,"This is  a well designed game that shows the effects of politcal policies and struggles, but it is a bit biased towards social liberalism so that it is almost unplayable with any other sociopolitical system. In general, its actually an interesting and different game and if you are ready to look at texts for hours, then get it! (you should definitely wait for a sale)"
,Recommended,245470,19976419,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sunny Lovetts,Got assassinated by the Black Panthers for securing the border.10/10
,Not Recommended,245470,13596621,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SooFluffy,Liberal POV.  Don't bother trying anything else.  Game is also very boring.
,Recommended,245470,13320313,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,THE_PRUSSIAN,"Legalized Cannabis, got assasinated by Liberal.420/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,11351988,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Feniks_Gaming,"After a good few hours of playing game becomes extrimly easy. I have manged to achive 100% vote rate 6 elections in a raw. Social engenering aspect is too easy. I wanted to creat green paradise so I put crazzy taxes on cars, super heavy restrictions on car usage banning them in most cities. And what happened? Pepeopl start using bikes and public transport. Car users went to 0% in about 3 turns. Noone protested noboduy oposed that. Can you imagin this happening in your coutry?I have increased number of patriots in 3 years by puting flags, singing athmes and banning everything forign. What happened nothing. Noone oposed that.On other occasion playing as great britan I relaxed imigration law and was pro migration like crazy. Ethnic minorities mebership went up to 90% but population stayd constant. How? Did people paint themself black to get benegfits avaliable for etnic minorites or what?On one occasion I was playing wit assasiantions on, I was killed by people oposing death penalty and human right supporters...Also sliders seem not to comunicate with each other propely. I have reduce amout of alcohol consumption to near 1-2% with heavy policing and restrictions. Then I raised alcohol tax and suddenly poor people earnings went down like crazy even though they should not do so as noone was drinking anyway.In under 1 ellection you will be able to reseape composition of a coutry. In 2 ellections it iss possible to change US into the most comunist coutry in the world and people will thank you for it with thier supportive votes.Game is fun to play for few hours but don't be fouled it it not simulator of how to run country. It is nice micromagment game with fun sliders and you will ejoy it but it isn't what advert said and I don'tthink it is worth the money.In my opinion game requires more complex changes to it like other parties having thier say even though being in minority. Imagin that Obama bans all the weapon in US, will oposit party allow it? I don't thing so. In Democracy 3 you can do it in 1st day of your ellection and yes you will loos some votes but noone stops you. With good changes this game has potential to be great"
76561198073900384,Not Recommended,245470,32514997,Posted: 17 June,all,Cryptomallet,I would give this game a thumbs up but i cant get it to work. Ive literaly tried everything.
,Recommended,245470,15405493,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,POLO9999,"I did bought the game during sales, i've played several hours as the mecanics is very complete althought i found that USA is a bit too easy to fix so far. But all other countries are way more complex and you have to cope with lot of details and obviously, each actions have consequences with pros and cons.However, outside sales, for 22,99€ is a bit too expensive for that kind of game unfortunelately. I think the best value it should have is 9,99€ (and DLC's for 2,99€ (which hasn't translated in French e.g.)"
76561198151765798,Recommended,245470,15750317,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,logankr94,I can run Canada no problem but I always get assassinated by the Church of Christ in America for funding science.Pretty Acurate 10/10
,Recommended,245470,15330962,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Akasaki♪,OH MY GOSH YES I CANT EVEN BEGIN TO DESCRIBE THE FUN  THAT CAN BE HAD835091286098324906123/10YESYESYESYESYES
,Recommended,245470,15692284,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,ThatStandardGuy,Played as the Labour party and ran a successful Government for 20+ years without running a defecit and invading middle easten countries... 10/10 would Tony Blair again!
76561198007012305,Recommended,245470,14201133,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Putin`s Boyfriend,10/10 would die again trying to bring the people to accept me as their glorious leader. Was easier in real life.
,Recommended,245470,31900637,Posted: 22 May,all,ahnasseri,One of the most fantastic games I have played. Intellectually challenging and requires a great degree of imagination. There is great room for improvement and addition of videos. This feels like one is merely playing around with menus and the impact of actions is not really felt proactively.
,Recommended,245470,24036064,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fuzzgun,"The most in-depth political sim I have personally played. Very interesting mechanics, and the game tries its best to be politically neutral. You can suceed in the game no matter what your political views are as long as your ideas produce positive results. Game has a clean by stylish aethsetic that makes everything clear and easy to read. Definitely a well made simulation that I would reccomend to anyone who likes politics and/or simulation games."
,Not Recommended,245470,12807936,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Dirty Little Cook,DO NOT PAY FULL PRICE. This is an okay game which you will likely play through once and never again afterwards. Would not recommend.
76561198030572611,Recommended,245470,33390227,Posted: 8 July,all,He's your President,"As a person who loves Politics and is a Political Science Major, Public Policy minor this game is pretty damn accurate to what the real political arena is and how to manage policies and to gain or loose votes. VERY GREAT GAME!"
,Recommended,245470,30761849,Posted: 26 March,all,Scruzzer,I'm not a racist and yet racial minorities always want me dead. I also learned that being a conservative is really easy until the Black Panters kill you. 10/10 get it on sale.
,Recommended,245470,13589175,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mclovin',Got assassinated by African Americans after eradicating racism.
76561198053377154,Recommended,245470,21479498,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Blasmo Bapkins,"I bought this game a couple years ago hoping I could get more insight into America's politics.Well, I got insight alright. This game broke me, turned me into a crying mess as every other month somebody tried to assassinate me, the union wanted my head on a plate, and the debt just kept rising. Play this game if you're looking for one of, if not the most realistic simulation of American politics on the market, but do not buy this game if you're looking for a fun time, because this most certainly is not a fun time. Still recommending it though because of how great this can be to educate people on how politics really work."
76561198244387248,Not Recommended,245470,17950033,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Kina-chan,"This game is incredibly frustrating.  It's perhaps one of the most infuriating (and depressing) games I've ever played.  My politcal goals just don't work anywhere in the game.  Everytime I play I end up getting assassinated by (usually) capitalist-funded groups.It's actually really disappointing, because I feel like this game really does have potential.  Perhaps it's because the game focuses on real-life politics?  I'm not really sure.  I think I was just expecting something different when I bought this game.  (On sale; this game is definitely not worth the full price, if you do want to buy it.)  I just really wanted to be able to turn the countries I played into the truly free (of debt, inequality, homelessness, crime, ect.) utopias I know they can be.  I guess it was just too much to hope for."
76561198062876430,Recommended,245470,23922173,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Towarzysz,This is of very good game. Just boring of me but ITS GOOD. 9/10 game but not for me.
76561198339587307,Not Recommended,245470,26530144,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,BadAtPuzzles,"not a very good game, you have virtually no control over how policies are executed, which makes it very annoying when there is a major public backlash against the policy you pushed through(which was apparently implemented very poorly)."
76561198137510636,Not Recommended,245470,28925588,Posted: 1 January,all,Redbrody7,"If your in to this stuff, i would recomend it. But if not, this is not the game for you. It looked fun at the time but once you got in it really lost it's charm."
76561197970398199,Not Recommended,245470,29098546,Posted: 7 January,all,Space Pupper,"Very Hard to play if you don't play many stratagy games, every country besides America is super hard/hard. It is extremly hard to grap the mechanics of the game."
,Not Recommended,245470,28727092,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RealSirius,"This game is horrible, dont get it."
76561198002697109,Not Recommended,245470,28822958,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bethram,"The idea of the game is great, but the execution feels a bit, well, old. The interface is a bit confusing (closing a window of the quarterly report for example will not get you back to that report) and cluttered with seemlingly randomly positioned icons. It is quite a bit overwhelming in the beginning, although there is a nice tutorial.I like the basic mechnisms of the game, but it becomes boring quite quickly. It is good, but definately not worth the high price asked for, unfortunately."
76561197991452620,Recommended,245470,29029705,Posted: 5 January,all,makosgaming,Really great simulator that shows how hard it is to cater to so many different opinions and interests while avoiding getting assassinated. Introducing impeachment would be a pretty cool addition.
,Recommended,245470,29334001,Posted: 18 January,all,deerbutt,"A realistic and thought provoking government policy simulator. Democracy is unlike any other puzzle/strategy game I've ever played before.I do have some minor qualms with the game. There are only 6 official countries to play, and the policies of them are only current for 2013. For example, Australia no longer has a Carbon Tax. More countries and accurate policies would be greatly appreciated.Modding somewhat solves the dating issue but official countries are still the best for difficulty and balance. I would happily pay $10 to get a DLC with 10-15 more countries.Solid gameplay, and I recommend a purchase if you're curious or intrigued about the game. Maybe not worth it for $25, so consider grabbing it when a sale is on. Be sure to grab the Extremism and Social Engineering DLCs too."
76561198025249179,Not Recommended,245470,27578383,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,durrani driver,There's a cap on GDP
76561198325198425,Not Recommended,245470,28803562,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,coopdigity,wont even work
76561198048623723,Recommended,245470,23892220,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Skynred,"Democracy 3 is fun, but not for very long (although you can keep coming back to it once in a while for casual playing). And it's easy--the same basic strategy works for any country or situation, and you figure pretty much everything out on your first playthrough.As Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, I had eradicated crime, poverty, pollution, unemployment and racial tensions, reverted economical and technological non-competitivity into hyper-productivity and world-leading technological developments, turned a 1 trillion pounds debt into positive reserves, one of my citizens got a nobel prize thanks to the quality of the educational system I implanted and my approval rate was 100% (yeah, really... better than God's...)Still, the game is fun for a couple of hours each time you decide to play it, and it also made me wonder two things:1 - Is the UK really in such a dump as the game portrays it in it's initial scenario? As Democracy 3 puts it, the UK's situation looks almost half as bad as my own country's...2 - Why the hell am I playing games? I came to learn that, given my administrative skills and political profficiency, I should be ruling Earth or the Milky Way."
76561198027712812,Not Recommended,245470,33294127,Posted: 5 July,all,Iap3tus,"Do NOT buy until they resolve the bugs.This bug with sudden dropping of popularity is destroying the game and it just ends there.So very nice game, but still to many bugs!"
,Recommended,245470,21719738,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Oxeater,"Good Game, now I can make the drugged society that I will truely appreciate"
,Not Recommended,245470,12476835,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,I T I S L I T.cancer.tendies,"meh 6/10 it wasnt bad nor good, not much of tutorial or anyhting of that nature to help you out to start, just was a meh game ..."
76561198132618698,Recommended,245470,12652148,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,iabyss101,"You want to fix a social problem, you create another one.You want to please a social group, you are assassinated by another group.5 minutes for tutorial, and you know game interface is just slider scrolling.Problem is,Can you balance different interests?How well you walk on a tightrope?If you want to know more about politicans, buy it."
76561198058837327,Recommended,245470,10538512,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Mikester,Socalism... NUFF SAID
,Not Recommended,245470,10228231,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,OneEyedShark,"It's very easy, you can do anything as long as you do it slowly. The opposition is just a number that don't really play any role, so you can turn a liberal, polluting, capitalist contry into a green, socalist police state and then turn that into a theocracy. IN THREE YEARS! You run out of things to implement pretty quickly, even with the DLCs, so you don't get that much play time.It's not worth 23€ but if you can catch it on sale, then you might aswell buy it, it's not that bad. and you can download new policies pretty easy from the steam workshopi give it 6/10it could sneak up to 8 if it had some more policies build in and an actual opposition."
,Not Recommended,245470,8276569,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kill Ellis Vol. 2,"Interesting that when I play this game the liberals and conservatives hate me.  Kind of like real life, actually.If you govern according to your principles, you are doomed, either to be assassinated or slaughtered in the elections.You have to please the stupid voter, not entirely unlike real life.   The debt goes up.  The voters want more stuff, more regulations but now they don't like the debt you have run.You have to please everyone, sell out on everything.   Kind of disheartening, but, if you play it, I think you will find that this is more like real life.Not being the type of person who likes to sell-out, I found the game too depressing.   But well made, thoughtful, although a little naive as to the roles of liberals and conservatives, capitalists and parents."
,Recommended,245470,9035044,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Wolf of All Streets,had fantastic fun do buy
76561198092342174,Recommended,245470,8866373,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Super Meat Boy,Democracy 3 is an amazing game it can help students learn more about the goverment and the way it works.
76561198000785358,Recommended,245470,11713159,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TheCombatWombat,"Great fun to play and wonderfully engaging. Could probably use a bit more depth, as many policies seem pre-biased and/or remarkably binary solutions to complex issues. That said, mods can fix many of those problems. All-in-all, great fun to mess around with - particularly the semi-ludicrous reasons you get assassinated occasionally. My particular favourite is having four factions trying to assassinate me for literally building Utopia."
,Recommended,245470,33553808,Posted: 15 July,all,Malakiittiboi,"After massively reducing pollution, obesity and poverty, I got a bullet through my skull for rising corporate tax.Pretty fun if you like managing different colored polls, through clicking different colored circles, that are connected to each another with different colored lines. Also pie charts.Obviously not for everyone and for those interested, I recommed getting it during a sale, since you are likely a person who can just play with excel while waiting."
76561198043442748,Recommended,245470,10151579,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,[LAD] RabiNick,Very realistic and detailed!
76561198115349040,Recommended,245470,8180970,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gray Knight Keiber,I think this game is a very good one if into politics. If not then stay away
76561197968657460,Recommended,245470,8176960,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Guernsey,"Watch me play through a game here (turning United states into a utopia for liberals):http://youtu.be/isSI3bPbcpUOr read the review.Democracy 3 is a country simulator with a steep, yet rewarding learning curve. Basically you take command of any of six countries USA, Canada, UK, France, Germany or Japan, though many more countries have been added by modders. These countries have their own sets of problems, advantages and biases.There is not goal as such, providing you don't get voted out of office you can do what you like. Want the UK to have space program? OK. Or perhaps you'd like  France to have the death penalty for jaywalking? No problem. Everything has both  a cost in terms of government funds and political support. Anger the voters and they'll ditch you, alienate them and they might assassinate you, but you can't keep them all happy all of the time.Winning is fun, but loosing can be just as entertaining. I got assassinated  trying to take guns away from the Americans, voted out by the French for warrant-less wire tapping  and bankrupted the UK by trying to apply Ayn Rand philosophies.There are some good mods out there, you can find those that mesh with your political bias if you don't like the game's assumptions or just pick up some new countries and scenarios.Democracy 3 really let's you scratch that what if? itch. Highly recommended if you love grand strategy games. Ideal if you do like grand strategy games, but don't want one that takes too long."
,Recommended,245470,8622590,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Konrad Curze,"Brilliant game, at face value it might seems a little boring with little gameplay aspects to it and the subject of politics doesnt help this much. But once you get into it the game will suprise you, and you'll find many hours lost to this very engaging game. Just a shame real politics arn't this easy to manage and control"
76561197971724802,Recommended,245470,9052292,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Democracy 3 is educational, interesting and entraining. It’s quite a complex simulation of governing a country and you will find that following your own ethics and believes will not work in the long run. Balancing all the different groups of voters is matters of giving people what they want – not what you always want to give them. If you like a good simulator that gives you an idea of how different political decisions interact Democracy 3 will deliver. You can try to make a social Eden or a police state and play around with the bills that will give you either."
76561198071887751,Recommended,245470,9074657,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gyro,"Goverment sim? Sounds fun! I found this game very interesting. They do throw a lot of information at you, but they present it in a way that is simple and easy to understand. You may want to play according to your political views, but that would probably cause you to either get assassinated, or lose the election. This game is pretty hard at first until you get the hang of it. You probably will think through some of the choices, like abortion, military spending, religon, labor laws, deporting terrorists, who to please, and who to ignore."
76561198030709790,Not Recommended,245470,9027881,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,dvg111591,"Being the political buff I am, I thought Democracy 3 would be a lot better, and so I spent the money. Little did I know that the game's interface while slightly improved is cumbersome. It's quite dry and boring. While its a good way to simulate policies and such, it can have bias.Bottom Line: If you want a political element to a game, buy Tropico 3 or 4."
76561197973979330,Recommended,245470,8805894,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Leafeyawn,"Note that, while I recommend this game for people who are into the genre, you should be aware. The game is a little hard the first couple times you play it, right up to the part where you get used to it. It is not a hard game to figure out, either. Once you've gotten the hang of it, you're going to be able to beat all of the scenarios rather easily. Between the U.S. and Canadian scenarios, I was able to get over half of the achievements and even got Canada to the point where there were zero major national problems and several international advantages. Again, this is not a hard game to master, after which it becomes boring."
,Recommended,245470,10000288,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Eskalante,"If you can work with two -party system it is OK, but i realy want (upgrade/mod) multiple-party system with coalition and opposition. Also more control of tourism and implemetation of corruption aaaaand changes to constitution aaaaand referendum."
76561198068587536,Recommended,245470,10573245,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Adolf Hipster,great game if you dont get it your a huge boner
,Recommended,245470,10340556,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,OrangeNinja,"A very fun and addicting game simulating politics. You can take it serious and try to please everybody, or you can go crazy and appease only certain groups. This is truly and wide open and fun game, despite being about politics."
,Recommended,245470,10290079,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,connor.jamieson,very good
,Recommended,245470,11160104,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Raccoon,"I've been told that if I say something inane here (because I'm 3edgy5u), and then follow it with a 10/10, more people will find my review helpful for some reason.So here it goes.I survived 11 assassination attempts only to be killed by hippies. 10/10AM I DOING IT RIGHT GUYZ?!"
,Recommended,245470,10945436,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JOSHBLY,This is the ultimate political strategy game!
,Not Recommended,245470,32270507,Posted: 8 June,all,VeX,"♥♥♥♥ing terrible, so hard to understand and play. It sucks."
,Recommended,245470,32300785,Posted: 9 June,all,Hen._.ri,"I've refunded this game because I didn't want to run the risk of not understanding the game in time for the short refund time that steam offers us and as well as if I finally learned the game and decided I didn't like it, I wasn't able to refund it because I would definitely go over 2 hours. The game is very good however and I would highly recommend it to those who either already know how to manage the intense micro management this game offers or just doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about passing steam's refund hours8.5/10 Great game but needs a better tutorial"
76561198036125259,Recommended,245470,9002187,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Kaios,"This is really a ""create your own fun"" type of game. Its one of the better story generators I've played. And with few compromises, I've been able to basically create the society I'd want. Since it doesn't really have anything like graphics or terrific replay value, if you want it, I'd pick up it on sale, but I'd recommend it to anyone that likes Politics or Strategy."
76561198096218426,Recommended,245470,24776702,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Person,>Play as USA>Debt crisis>Massive Crime problem>GDP in the tank>Ultranationalist Problem>Gets re-elected with 78% of the vote10/10
76561198045033081,Not Recommended,245470,8682208,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,badmac,its not a good game......it doesnt do anything......it was a waste of my money....there really is nothing to keep you interested....once the tax goes into surplus (which is easy) then you can do anything and very quickly its all just clicking the 'next' button its an awful game
,Recommended,245470,9002944,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Embolism,"I paid off America's debt in my first term and abolished creationism the second. If you like politics, you'll like this."
76561198089871482,Recommended,245470,9013508,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Epicness5674,"This game might look boring and plain but it is not, this game is so much fun that i came back to it day after day. One problem was that after i moved to my new house the game did not work, SO SAD"
76561198045703981,Recommended,245470,9174137,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,GiggleBomb,"Its the most realistic simulation of government i have ever seen, i felt so great when i made a country better by my governing :D i felt like i could do a better job then thouse creatures in the government in the U.S. but anyway, i like the fact that it alows mods so that people can add funny and even helpful things in the game. overall its a great game if anyone has ever said ""i can run this country better then the idiots in control"" then this is the game for you. 9/10"
,Recommended,245470,9273409,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,LiamNerson,"There is no winning this game, there is only doing what you can. The best quality to have is the ability of forward thinking. It is fun though just to see what hepppens when you raise taxes in an area or when you legalize prostitution."
,Recommended,245470,9619915,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,The Fearless Fighting Squirrel,"Ever said that you could run the county better than those in power? Well now is you're chance!You'll have do deal with real life issues, such as a budget deficit and national debt ( £900 Billion was a figure I was given in a recent game). While at the same time dealing with the ever pressing matter of re-election. Sure you can raise income tax and cut pensions but that wont win you votes, and no votes means game over! Of course you can increase spending on services such as the NHS to increase happiness but that money will have to be raised by something else giving way.All in all with an intrecate web of cause and effect, desciding your political fate you'll soon find out if you're up to the challenge!"
76561198028647048,Recommended,245470,8059541,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,nullspace,Great game! Complex and difficult to win.
76561198058069513,Recommended,245470,8622962,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Jake,"Democracy 3 is a slightly unrealistic simulator, but still enjoyable.My reasoning behind this brief statement? The game has multiple enjoyable aspects, such as the ability to create a evolution only, police drone using state, whilst still staying within the boundaries of a 'simulator'. I use the term simulator cautiously as the game has various groups of people you need to satisfy, for example, Environmentalists and Motorists. Self-employed and Trade unionists, but it also has the 'Everyone' group, which for me ruins the whole popularity feature, as no game can ever show a groups opinion. Everyone is different after all.However, this game takes a good stab at generalising each group. Which for me still works brilliantly, however, if you love a deep and near perfect simulator, I reccomend taking a journey to the workshop or elsewhere to put on some mods. You can get many 'situation packs' which add more positive and negative situations, such as 'Innovation'. And some other small issues which really add to the realism such as policies and situations such as 'Stray pet care' which reduces the risk of the public being harmed.The game has 4 settings when you start a new game, Difficulty / Innate Socialism / Innate Liberalism and Politcal Apathy. The menu features a slider system which I found great as you can go from 0%-200% for the difficulty, and both Innate Socialism and Liberalism, and 0%-100% for the Political Apathy, which allows you to get your game set up to your own perfect settings allowing variation in each game and an increased challenge.The game itself is quite poor in some aspects as some issues may contribute to something related in the smallest way, yet impact it massively and send you down a spiralling path of unpopularity and digging yourself into a hole of unpopularity and mounting deficit. However, if you get your policies right and focus on what matters to you, (The GDP, Productivity and Poverty in my case), then you can really quash these issues without too much of an impact on your popularity or income.The game also features many situations which are fairly controversial and may possibly lead to a couple minutes of head scratching. These feature same-sex marriage and euphanazia (pardon the spelling). And you also have quarterly reports and a worldwide economy which can drop and raise your GDP. The GDP also can be raised by random events such as a civillian winning a nobel prize of scientific breakthroughs.In terms of mods, the game has a mod in the workshop along the lines of 'Economic Realism', this can change a military costing £40 billion per quarter (for example), to £120 billion per quarter (Once again, this is an example but you understand the increase in realism and the increased importance of each change to try and fix your country.) This mod is a must-have to get a superior experience and a true challenge when it comes to fixing countries in a severe recession. This would work excellently with the few country mods on the workshop which add more options to the game and more challenges.Overall, Democracy 3 is a great game for those new to the very small genre, however, those with a strong interest in politics may want to have the difficulty cranked up to 200% and download a few situation packs from the workshop. I would recommend this game either way. Enjoy!"
76561197988502852,Recommended,245470,9117038,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MC WarLord,"It's an enjoyable game. Create new policies and modify old ones while trying to keep everyone happy.In one term as President (Germany), I stopped street mobs, got rid of the debt, started a space program, became the most technilogical country in the world, got rid of the obisity problem, increased Middle class and lower class income, lowered taxes, drastically reduced crime, just about eliminated the opposing political party entirely and won re-election by over 65%. There's probably more but that's what I can remember now."
,Recommended,245470,9220701,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Cheeseriot,"Jesus-♥♥♥♥ING-Christ, i love this game, it lets you become the elected-dictator of five good democratic countries, and the United States. You can implement new policies and change old ones, for example, i could legalize prostitution, Acid, Gambling, and make it legal for a Five-year old to chug a whole bottle of vodka. This game is actually, pretty easy when you get used to it. on my canada playthrough ive been re-elected 19 times, and made it the most technically advanced country in the world, with the richest citizens, and everything like that, although, this game has no national bankrupcy, and should one you hit a maximum amount of debt, in my canada playthrough im 90 TRILLION dollars in debt, and nothing happens, its just that you get less money each round, and since 99% of canadians like me, i can just wait extra turns for money.ANYWAY... If you displease many people you can get shot in the Abdomen and die(James A. Garfield style). sorry, I would've made a JFK joke, but too many people like him as a president.... and you get assassinated by different exteremeist groups, two ways to prevent your probably-timley demise is to either , decrease membership of the group, or have police drones flying over the executive Home/Bombshelter, while your only contact with the outsie world is RC car with a webcam strapped on.Keep in mind... this game has no GAMEPLAY AT ALL it is only charts and figures, i only recommend this if you already like politics... and thats pretty much all there is to tell you the truth."
76561197995309170,Not Recommended,245470,9275821,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,TK,I love these kind of games but this one is quite poor. The entire game is just slider bars. That's fine if the game is fittingly complex but it isn't. Every slider bar effects certain other bars and it shows you how they will change if you change that. The game is just managing a series of bars and doesn't have an immersive feel in any way. I myself won 5 consecutive elections and unlocked 7 achievements without doing ANYTHING. I just let the game run. The game lacks depth needed for it to be a good political simulator.Regular people wouldn't like this game and people who love political simulators would be left wanting much much more.
76561198018802971,Recommended,245470,9326930,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Hammy,"Awesome game, recommend."
76561198043905413,Recommended,245470,9786448,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Ben,it is the best politics simulator out there
,Recommended,245470,8054089,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,nudecelebsforfree,I throughly enjoyed my time playing it and you can constantly come back to it every two weeks or so and get mods off the steam workshop. If you have any ideas about anything that causes controversy in the political world then you will fail. A great game that takes skill and expertise to master.
76561198077435087,Recommended,245470,8999358,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Sara Ryder,perfect game for political science amd law lover and learner.
76561198044423770,Not Recommended,245470,9010864,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Rob,"Although this game looks good from what I've been able to see, it has alot of issues that mess up the game. for example to stop it crashhing everytime you try to load the game, you must go into the system files and change some of the values. Also you may not be able to get the screen resolution to fit your PC so most of the screen will be out of view which means that you can't look at half of the information; if you try to go into the files and enter a custom value, then the game will crash half way through loading the save."
,Recommended,245470,9278963,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,TrickyWiki,"Personally I found this game very enjoyable, but then again I find politics very interesting.A great learning tool for understanding some basic concepts and pros vs. cons with a democratic system.For people who are expecting a true ""simulation"" you should stop and consider for a moment as this is practically impossible to manage, especially for a low budget indy game.On the other hand I still think that most people with any interest should give it a go and will quickly discover how fun it is to attempt to do a ""better job"" than real politicians.Some light hearted humour is also identifiable when considering some of the policy options available that are either extreme liberal or extreme conservative."
76561198072707957,Recommended,245470,9321580,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Batesy boys,This game is a game for anybody whom would like to look through the eyes of someone with a lot of issues to solve and a lot of gibbering imbiciles to control: particuarly the religeous faction. although easy if played normaly crank up the difficulty and all your issues about being in control of the economy dissappear. Playing this is also a good way to indroduce you to politics (as a politics student this aided me quite a bit :)
76561197972788480,Recommended,245470,9599018,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,False Christian,"I got for $2.99 and it was money well spent. It shows just how hard it is to govern a democracy. Your 1st time you'll probably be assassinated by right wing nutbars like I was. Basically, keep taxes low, help the poor, maintain a strong defense and enhance civil liberties. Give it a go."
76561198001809332,Recommended,245470,8057820,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Heathen scum,Quite realistic and really fun. I like it
76561198162316639,Not Recommended,245470,35054996,Posted: 18 September,all,FOSVD | theemightymoose,"I find this game kind of medeocre. It looks fun then you realize it isn't really a political simulator, it's a build points kinda game."
,Recommended,245470,7757540,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AceofCards1000,"I have to say this game is Very Hard, if you like a game with a very steep learning curve then pick this game up! If you're not the one who is good with very hard strat games you may want to save your money."
76561198089214870,Recommended,245470,9145794,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,TyrionLan007,"Good game, can be a bit frustrating at time since everything choice you make makes some happy and some angry, which can lead to total chaos (I guess that's realistic on this part). Fun, not the best game ever nor a game to play everyday, but can be fun once in a while"
,Recommended,245470,9153603,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Lightnin_ch0wn,"I THOUGHT I was doing great as president of the US, taxes were high, but we were out of debt, and making money.  Polution was on the decline and we finally got past that pesky race issue.  I was unaware, however, of just how angy I made the big corporations.  Aparently they aren't ""American"" enough to pay taxes.  Next thing I know a high tech sniper rifle slung a bullet through my head.  Whoops.  Don't mess with the Big boys. I think my attempts will be better starting in UK.So far an interesting game.  I think it is in a good place, but with time, will get even better.  This assumes the developers are planning on building out with more expansions as they have started doing.  This game has so much data to digest it's great, and for those that like strategy, but hate the mysical black box that some games have, this clearly shows how everything in the game interacts.  Then it's sort of like flipping switches on a wall and seeing what happens in the next room.Here's a Laundry list of things I'd like to see in the future (I'm no modder or I would try this myself since the system looks really easy for modding, maybe I will!).Dirty Politics: I would love to see some dirty politics options or at least ""harder core"" options.  I should be able to blackmail my opponent, run smear campaigns, I should be able to (in extreme cases) have people taken out.  If I'm able to be assassinated (seems like a really tough thing to do these days) I should also be able to take out either the people in uprising constiuencies or, if I want, my competition or at least try to.  I want to be able to blackmail my own cabinet, house of cards style.Conspiracy Nut: I would like to be able to fake invasion attempts or fake attack my nation and start a huge war overseas in order to build nationalism.  Would be great to fake UFO landings or something to hide excessive military spending. Develop mind control gas that you can put in airplanes to make the people more complacent.  OR just fake it all :D"
,Recommended,245470,10086505,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,HylianLink,"How would you do leading the Green Party as Canada? Or the Labour Party as Germany? The UK, the USA, France, Germany, Canada and many community made countries and parties are yours to control. Fight crime, prosper with your great technology, give people faith by teaching religion, or suppress your people and keep strict controls on all forms of income. The choice is yours, as long as you don't get assassinated..."
76561198060481060,Recommended,245470,10114644,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,shadowsilver95,Fun game. I bought the new dlc and now it crashes though???I can't play it now. Help
,Not Recommended,245470,9223979,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,itsdren,"This game is highly inaccurate, unrealistic, and often just plain ridiculous. This game is best described as a half-hearted attempt at producing something similar to propaganda, a political sandbox sim it is; taking place in a dystopian brainwashed political pundit fantasy world. Nearly all actions are responded to in a very a black and white manner.This game lacks character and depth for the amount of money I spent on it and I'm really dissapointed that I wasted my money on this title expecting anything less. Some mods can create more balance, think before you buy!"
76561198100768405,Recommended,245470,10115365,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Tenedria,"New expension Extremism makes the game crash, please fix. Windows 8.1. NVIDIA Gforce GTX. 660m-2gb"
76561198035389718,Not Recommended,245470,7836811,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,lhberg0801,"Great concept, but not very engaging."
76561198106989808,Recommended,245470,8078244,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TheBaysBuccaneer,OH MY FREAKING GOD THROW MONEY AT THIS GAME IT IS SO GREAT
76561198018270864,Not Recommended,245470,8600476,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Burphel,"I'm kinda split on Democracy 3.  On one hand, it's a fun timekiller with some serious depth if you want to explore it and take it seriously.  That said, I wouldn't advise spending $25 on it.  Maybe $10 or so would be right for the entertainment delivered."
76561198046658175,Not Recommended,245470,9013994,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Apologies In Advance,"I started playing this game and thought I'd try to be a shrewd, middle of the aisle politician. Even balancing my actions out, I got assasinated 10 games in a row. I asked the community what I was doing wrong, and they told me to make fewer policy decisions; that is, to basically just skip my turn every round and not interact with the game. However, by only making the policy decisions to subsidize adult education and provide free lunches to schoolchildren - literally just choosing those things over the course of 20 turns- got me assasinated.I've made more than enough effort to try and understand this game, and I'm pretty sure I'm not a complete idiot, and it's still impossible to play.This game goes out of its way to make itself neither entertaining nor challenging/educational. A tremendous waste of time and money. Really sad about it too, because this seemed like it would be right up my alley as a fan of drawn out strategy and politicis games."
76561198076613577,Recommended,245470,12414948,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,OneWay,nice...but it's not worth 25 dollars...
,Recommended,245470,12469125,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,XCaptainKidX,"Good game, don't be surprised if you get assassinated."
,Recommended,245470,12437127,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,KingOfHearts,"I went through the game, on my second run through, doing my best to please anybody and everybody...Except the Liberals.  I'm not a fan of the Liberals in this game.But then it backfired on me, and they killed me as I tried to make things a little better for them. xD10/10"
76561198110140978,Recommended,245470,25486127,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,amor,This little gem simply should be part of any decent social studies class. It will make you broadly grasp the motives and consequences of any real-world policy.
76561198078943897,Recommended,245470,34060884,Posted: 6 August,all,The Iron Boot,was a dictator in a game called democracy
,Recommended,245470,17055827,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"Hard, and fun for a select group of people. I found it hard to get into but once I was in a good game it was decent.It is not a bad game but it is just not for everyone. If you like a casual ""sit back and play"" game this is good for you."
,Recommended,245470,21156692,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BrotherLewis,Works under Trisquel GNU/Linuxwww.trisquel.info
76561198119210301,Recommended,245470,32231896,Posted: 6 June,all,SisyphusRollsOn,"Tried to create my socialist utopia. Assasinated by ultra rich capitalist dogs.communism/10, would try to mold a perfect society again."
,Recommended,245470,11819626,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Sir Russell Of Crowe,I was assasinated for emulating Stalin.
,Recommended,245470,10207696,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,William,"Great game, tons of depth, very interesting to find yourself passing laws and changing policies that at the start you swore you would never do :D Its very welcome to see indie devs making games like this which you know EA or the other big companies would never touch. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,245470,10905815,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kissamies,"A decent goverment simulator/strategy game. Fairly simple once you get a hang of it. Due to its simplicity it may also get old pretty fast, but at least there is Steam Workshop mods. I like the overall feel where you have to balance between what the people want and what you want. OK, but could have used more depth. Don't pay full price, get it cheap."
76561197983191258,Recommended,245470,8010398,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,"Bad design choices are horrible bias towards big government policy ruins this game.There are 2 major problems with this game: The ""outside world is having a depression"" thing, and the creators horrible political bias creeping its way into the game.Every now and then you get this message from the game that claims the outside world is in a depression and that it is harming your economy. This will happen often and can crush your economy at no fault of your own regardless of what you did earlier. As a result it is possible to do everything right and still can expelled from office with your country in flames.The second problem is that the creators of the game appear to have basically just decided that anyone who wants to play a small government playstyle can♥♥♥♥♥♥off. I have made half a dozen attempts as many countries, and with with the game settings tuned so that people like socialism less and capitalism more the people in your country will scream for your death if you get rid of social services and lower taxes. I just finished my game as Germany with 1% approval rating. Yes, WITH JUST A SINGLE PERCENT! Why? Because I heavily lowered funds to state schools to get people go to private schools instead. Regardless of if you agree with that in real life or not, seeing your approval vanish like that is stupid and unrealistic.This game isn't good. Avoid.EDIT: Ok, I decided to check out some of the community mods for the game and as it turns out they make the game MUCH more playable and enjoyable. For this reason, I woulld probably feel bad if I still left the game rating as bad. Don't get me wrong, all of the things I said about the game still apply if you play it in its vanilla form, but the mods fix the isse to a large degree. Use the mods and its good fun."
,Recommended,245470,31933841,Posted: 24 May,all,mfk600,Ok now i understand how difficult Donald Trump's job is hahaha awesome game
,Recommended,245470,31965760,Posted: 25 May,all,SeanNotConnery,You can give the police access to Predator drones.10/10
,Recommended,245470,28173792,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Professor Death,"Ever want to destory a country's economy? If yes, this is the game for you."
76561197996903139,Not Recommended,245470,32456350,Posted: 15 June,all,Vegglimer,"Not worth the ~$5 I spent on it.Unintuitive, very little actual info for the player in the various ""news updates"", and it's constantly the same stuff over and over. Also, the risk of being assassinated before your first election is... high. It's very high.If I could, I would refund it."
,Not Recommended,245470,35252526,Posted: 27 September,all,Impulse,"Fun a couple times, but has very little logic too it."
76561198051514398,Not Recommended,245470,12969326,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JohnTheGreat,Tried to be communist dictator of Russia!Second term got assassinated by Liberals.Tried to be fascist dictator of America!Two years in i got assassinated by Liberals.Tried to be liberal prime minister of England!Got Assassinated for being too extreme.............10/10
76561198086632666,Not Recommended,245470,17169180,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,drygulcher,"This game is terrible, absolutely disgusting cause and affect mechanics that do not even correlate."
,Recommended,245470,12631461,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,ᛗᚨᛞᛁᛋᛟᚾ,Played as Sweden and got 100% ethnic minorities. 10/10 would Sweden.
,Not Recommended,245470,8999349,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Sporkmonger,"You know those annoying mini games where they give you 3 columns of water or something and 3 switches and each switch changes the height of the different columns of water in one direction or another and you're supposed to equalize all of them? Imagine that, but with 100 columns of water instead. That's the entirety of Democracy 3. It gets old in minutes."
76561198006911648,Not Recommended,245470,12338657,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,FizbanTV,"Lemme tell you something about this absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I wish that I had flushed my money down the toilet instead of buying this game, because at least post flush, I don't have to see the♥♥♥♥♥♥in my games list."
,Not Recommended,245470,23794424,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Brosef Stalin,"Just bought the game, downloaded it. When I tried to start of a new game, it crashed.5/7 beter then the dark night rises"
76561198121975294,Recommended,245470,12595731,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,erick,I keep getting killed and if I do what is happening in real life........ So anyway I'm not sure how accurate it is and I do not see how a creator's own political bias could not be involved (can't be helped) but interesting just the same.
,Not Recommended,245470,19818915,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,abbafan420,I hate this more than I hate myself. 1/10
,Not Recommended,245470,12427142,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MODE CON CODEPAGE,"The game mechanics is broken.You'll end up assassinated no matter what polices you implement, or if you luckly manage not getting killed, you just won't be reelected.Also, the game crashes a lot."
76561198032792808,Not Recommended,245470,28120838,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ghostly_Wolf,Get assissinated simulator: would be a good game apart from the ridiculous amount you get assassinated
,Not Recommended,245470,10033650,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Static,"Pro:Fun, interesting, thought-provoking, and good core mechanics. It would make a great classroom tool for studying government.Con:High price, unbalanced AI, and gets repetitive. Extremely overpriced. I would say this is a 'buy' at $5 but not even close to what I expect from a $25 game.I also found it a bit disturbing that the game repeatedly accused me of being racist, by way of Black Panther assassination attempts. For that, I retort: NO U"
,Not Recommended,245470,9109790,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,if you read this youre gay,"This game is NOT worth the money, it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a pallet of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a ganbang of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥kebabe, it's a shitznel stick, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥with a little more♥♥♥♥♥♥on it and let me tell you why it's as♥♥♥♥♥♥as it is. The game should be worth a meager 10 dollars, not 25, i mean, holy hell. A common complaint on this game is how it gets repetetive and boring after you figure out a solution to its♥♥♥♥♥♥problems. That there is my complaint, don't be deceived by its hella advertisement because its♥♥♥♥♥♥is so dense that I fear it may one day burst into a super-massive black hole and consume everything. Have you ever had someone take a dried up piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and smack you in the face numerous times with it? You can now enjoy the exact same experience with Democracy 3!"
,Recommended,245470,17216620,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,fiend,john cena
,Recommended,245470,32243299,Posted: 7 June,all,strong independent snake,My country ran out of money after kicking out the Jews.
76561198088633556,Not Recommended,245470,9637679,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Th@tEp1cGuy,"Now im canadian, I had just done a HUGE project for my class about the politics of canada. I look at this game and think ""hmm, political simulator. Now i can prove that I AM a better prime minister than steven harper."" I start playing. I almost instantly realize a couple of things. First, theres no Bloc Quebecois. Not insanely bad but still an anoyance. As time goes on I realize that this is NOTHING like a politic simulator for canada. Theres no House of commons or senate to stop me from doing whatever i want. The game is near impossible to understand. Also aparrently my country HATES me when everyone is happy and were not in debt BUT when i am HATED beyond belief and were in debt over a billion dollars, they love me and i am in for a second term. I dont get money from donations and people in canada wouldnt assasinate me ESPACIALLY RELIGEOUS PEOPLE. Theres only two parties, in reality in canada i believe theres about 26 or 27. 5 that are actually voted for. The tutorial is crap so i have no idea what im doing half the time. If i was american, i might have diferent feelings about this game but i still would deem it unplayable. No matter what i do, i am hated (or liked i still dont understand really) and i dont know if poverty is going down or up. I would like a full refund for this game but i cant get that so I will tell you right now. This game was on sale for 15$ and i still call it a rip-off. Don't get this game or you will be almost thoroughly dissapointed. Unless you know nothing about politics, but dont go to this for a politic simulator or anything really. If you are willing to look through the internet for an hour to learn how to play this game, be my guest. But you will still be disapointed if you buy it."
,Not Recommended,245470,9000159,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Vektros,seems everything i do gets me killed
,Not Recommended,245470,22797410,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Deathhead48,"Really simple game, after only 6 hours of gameplay I already had 49% of all the achievements. And the game it self gets really boring very fast. Totally not worth the 22 euros I paid for it, believe me. I also ignored the comments and already regret it deeply. DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Recommended,245470,14713310,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Herrington,Girls will like you if you tell them you play this game.
76561198024409136,Not Recommended,245470,23641429,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,The Philosophating Phrog,"Unless you run your country like a complete communist or a socialist, everybody will hate you and you'll probably get assassinated your first few weeks in office..."
,Recommended,245470,12413978,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Bolbi Stroganovsky,"Completely allowed prostitution,  abortion and drugs. Only taught evolution at schools and banned prayer in schoold. Afterwards i  was assasinated by ""Gods Army"" they sent a van filled with explosives after me.... #WORTH"
76561198240335324,Not Recommended,245470,24050924,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CrazyLad49,the game is not working needs to be fixed
,Not Recommended,245470,24958080,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Think Tank,"A very intimidating user interface, little to no explanation on how to play and overall a very confusing experience. Don't waste your money."
76561198080918607,Recommended,245470,12454002,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,cancer,"Meh, Get your setup of the goverments right. 6/10"
76561197973493964,Not Recommended,245470,7926043,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Danger Noodle,"For the Linux version of this game, I would say it is a decent beta with a decent number of irritating bugs that need to be fixed. This isn't in beta anymore."
76561198007238278,Recommended,245470,9012900,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Vonluck,"I take pride that the Socialists assassinate me every time I play. It means I am doing something right, like Reagan. I fix the law and order problems, the health problems, and restore fiscal responsibility. Then I am shot. Good job idiot socialists."
,Not Recommended,245470,7924847,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MissNorah,"- Many of the features are poorly implemented.- The country selection only changes population and economy size, but doesn't reflect policy in those countries. For example, if you pick Australia, policies such as both Creationism and Evolution being taught is the same as when you pick USA.- The premise of the game is that you start having just won the election and this is your first term. Why is it then that you start with a 0% popularity and no membership of your party?- No matter what else you do, if you decide that teaching creationism in school and outlawing abortion is a bad idea, and hell, while you're at it legalise same sex marriages, you WILL be assassinated by an extremist religious fringe group. The last time a Prime Minister was assassinated? Never. The U.K.? Never. France? Not since before WWII.- How can you justify releasing updates for the PC month after month, but not your Mac version? What was the point in releasing a Mac version?I really suggest you don't buy this game. If you love supporting Indie games, there are plenty of better titles out there than this tripe, worst money I've spent on Indie games, ever."
,Recommended,245470,9141909,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Zintix,I'm so close to bringing back the dealth penalty .. I mean this game.. government ssimulator gives you an indepth look and how changes are made and what impacts they can have
,Recommended,245470,7751416,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,beefsack,"Fun Factor Reviews - the only measure is pleasure+ Fine line battle between creating your utopia and appeasing the extremists+ UI is very easy to learn and intuitive+ Even with the basic interface the game is quite visceral and immersive- Weak end game, once you're getting 95+% of the vote there's no more challengeHighly recommended"
,Recommended,245470,7881371,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,steehill,"Good game, played Democracy 2 a lot but no real improvement or even changes to Democracy 2 other than having it on Steam. The 'real countries' let me play  a few games but it was generally too easy and underwhelming dissappointing. If you have Democracy 2 save your money otherwise well worth the buy."
76561198060132434,Not Recommended,245470,8687986,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,vladimir2989,"Way too wordy, just not fun"
,Recommended,245470,8766706,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Low Society,say good bye to your guns america
,Recommended,245470,9010136,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,[BBB] Justice,░░░░░░░▐█▀█▄░░░░░░░░░░▄█▀█▌░░░░░░░█▐▓░█▄░░░░░░░▄█▀▄▓▐█░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌
,Recommended,245470,7469273,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Balthasar Gelt,"Far better than the previous iteration, Democracy 3 feels much more complex to tame. Simply increasing healthcare spending and Education spending wont be enough this time (although it will go a long way), many problems require a more nuanced approach. The standard 100% difficulty does seem to actually be easy mode (Britain starts with a budget surplus) so I would recommend playing at 150% difficulty as it's a better representation of the real world. They fixed the infernal assasination system since the last game, so you can run a long living government to your hearts content."
76561198046280281,Not Recommended,245470,9004758,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,HORRIFIC,"The game is supposed to be a sim yet there is nothing about it that makes it a sim. Whatever you do some ♥♥♥♥ing class of voters will kill you. As if that happens often in politics. The only reasonable price for this totally unchallenging game production should be the 2,75 dollar mark. Whoever pays for this lazy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥job, is even more ♥♥♥♥ing stupid than me. You have been warned."
,Recommended,245470,9447291,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Shawn Marrster,#Grab it on a sale 50%off. Not worth full price.+ deep political simulator+ great workshop downloads+ easy to get into+ create your own dream country+ learn about different countries.- if you play just to get 50.1% of the votes its to easy.- I want more freedom to make crazy decitions.- You either win or loose making strategy limited- To expensive DLC that is needed for a better gameplay
76561198007094484,Not Recommended,245470,12334350,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Vito Carbonara,There is no way to finish a term without getting assassinated. I've been playing for god knows how long trying all kinds of different♥♥♥♥♥♥ Assassinated every time. WTF
76561198111557269,Recommended,245470,25420554,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,spike_alkire,"This game taught me the invaluable lesson that if I ever want to be President of the United States, I will 100% get assassinated."
,Recommended,245470,32165476,Posted: 3 June,all,Vissariovich Stanislas,">Play Australia>Cut Military Spending>Raise Income Tax by 3-5%>Raise Capital Gains Tax 7-13%>Institute state-wide healthcare and education>Enact unemployment benefits>5 Billion dollar surplus>Debt to GDP ratio @ 7.33%WEW LADbut what if we take this to....MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE!>Raise Income Tax additional 2-3%>global economic upturn doesn't seem to have an end>25 Billion dollar surplus>Eliminate sovereign debt, now have reserves>Initiate space program for the luls>elected for 2nd term with 77% popular vote>somehow the fact that you allowed for singing the national anthem at school signalled supremacists to start promoting extreme nationalism and race riots>Literally people murdering eachother in the street, but continue to vote for you because 'Straya can into space>win 3rd term with a 60 Billion dollar defecit, race riots and 89% popular vote.This is the greatest Left-Libertarian simulator I have played, just have to go commit state terror against some nazis and all will be dandy."
76561198404337570,Recommended,245470,33984591,Posted: 2 August,all,LSU_03,"This game is an accurate government simulator. You can do everything a leader of a nation can do, such as appointing cabinet members, and implementing policies."
76561198224472392,Not Recommended,245470,30340109,Posted: 5 March,all,orange is epic,repetative not a lot you can do
76561198111861932,Not Recommended,245470,20022532,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Katja,This game is biased in its policies. I want the wasted time of my life back.
76561198009684679,Not Recommended,245470,22393756,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Auron,"The problem with Democracy 3 is that it runs on the assumption that only Keynesian economics and socialist policies can work. I'm not sure if the developers are trying to push their own agenda, or just don't understand economics."
,Not Recommended,245470,24034118,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Salander7,"As soon as you install some mods, it tends to crash, in my game before finishing the 1st turn.Also, the tutorial is not enough to comprehend the game dynamics."
,Not Recommended,245470,24032017,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BroadMagician96,Why I always fail the elections? I tried it in all the ways i make cheats and everything and I lose the elections
,Recommended,245470,24085168,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Thaxs (Axel),"This game demonstrates that a politicans job is no easy one.Having a degree in Economics and Finance I thought I would easily bring my country to flourish. Instead, I was assassinated.This is an interesting strategy game where experimentation is key. You set your own objectives on how you want your country run. Legalizing drugs and lowering taxes may make you popular and boost your economy, but then you may find yourself in debt and with other problems. It looks simpler than it is.It's pretty obvious if you will like this sort of game just by looking at the pictures on the steam store.Long live the free markets!"
76561198062937055,Recommended,245470,23465699,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,black_sack,"Love this game, Please release another one!"
76561198079497097,Recommended,245470,32331117,Posted: 10 June,all,ComradeSheep,"I was going to make a joke about how at the start of the game you get elected but start with 0% popularity, but then i realized that Trump is still president :P"
,Not Recommended,245470,12430684,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,MIA_General,"Stupid game, it only worth 2-5$ if you ask me and it would be a good mobile game, not a PC game."
,Recommended,245470,10570776,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Adam,"Brilliant game, it's a must-have. Best game ever made!"
76561197990673348,Recommended,245470,19916356,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Xtreme,I kicked out all the black people and got murdered by a group of black people :D.
,Recommended,245470,15599804,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Lassy Kongo,
,Recommended,245470,28019297,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ManiK,You can turn the world Communist.A++
76561198201458487,Recommended,245470,26504427,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Saul_4273,I attempted to run the U.S. how I think Trump will. I was assasssinated deep into my second term. I will give it a 10/10 providing the accuracy of the game show's itself in real life
,Recommended,245470,14498793,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,I made the UK more XenophobicI banned mosquesI banned immigrantsI militarised the police forceI forced everyone to eat healthilyI banned IslamI banned the right to withhold any information from the governmentAnd the games compass still says that's Left-Libertarian
,Recommended,245470,21593818,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Basterisk,Capitalists hate me!
76561197980292794,Recommended,245470,15742597,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Sword_of_Light,"So, first I disabled assassinations...honestly, I dont think I've been this head-shot this often since the first few sessions of CounterStrike.  Perhapse its my undying love of grassy knolls and Our American Cousin, but I was getting murdered an awful lot.Anyways, once I did that, I got down to the business of running this country into the ground.  No, wait, that was Great Britian. As POTUS I managed to eradicate Creationism, balance the budget, see the country through a global recession, and make America a global tech leader.  All without cutting military spending.And then I tried playing as a dystopian tyrant in Great Britain; removing the drinking age entirely and then introducing a crippling alcohol tax, creating near-universal unemployment, a massive wealth gap, outlawing abortion and Evolution, and eradicating vitually all crime by introducing draconian police and security measures.However, unlike David Cameron, I wasnt re-elected."
76561197976147080,Recommended,245470,14679502,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Maverick,"If you want to be a president or dictator of a country, try this game.  Democracy 3 offers a variety of challenges to the player, which may include: riots, homelessness, credit downgrades, etc.  Each challenge takes patience, skill and the right choices to remediate the given issues.  In addition, you can implement various decisions, which will change the views of your citizens.  Being able to make your citizens happy is one of many concerns, which will go through your mind while playing.This game is a pure political simulator.  Do not expect graphics like in shooters, this game offers many flow charts and data screens, which can be a bit overwhelming at first.  You can easily find out which decisions may influence specific groups and at times one decision could make your population so unhappy, you could be assassinated over it.DLC is always controversial and if you opt not to purchase it, this will not affect your initial gameplay experience but will make this game less replayable.Replayability is a big factor when deciding on purchasing Democracy 3.  Through the game itself there are not many nations to play from and depending on your thoughts on DLC purchases this may affect your opinion. This game does have a modding community so you can download extra nations if you wish.The only negatives:  The nation immersion and music.  I honestly did not feel I was in control my specified nation like America, France etc.  The only nuances you felt were the currency and the starting point of your nation but since the music and displays looked the same for each nation.  Additionally, I wish you had the ability to create diplomatic ties with outside nations and create a trading system to boost the economy.7/10 - Based on buying 1 DLC."
76561198017833168,Not Recommended,245470,10923592,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,avathar behemoth,This game is broken in so many ways. lower taxes? get less income. raise taxes? get less income. tax drugs? get no income even when drugs are legal. legalize prostitution? get no income.
,Not Recommended,245470,10988634,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Tire Fire DM,"I was excited for the concept of this game, but it turns out to mostly be ""manipulate bars to indirectly influence other bars and have everyone hate you"" Simulator 2014. 3/10"
76561198008522496,Not Recommended,245470,9434988,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,craig_is_rovers,"Doesnt work!!! Look online many people having the same issues games just continually crashes, I have had the game for over a month now and still havent played one minute, worst buy of my life. And to top it off no support is available I cant contact steam and Polytech games sent one email asking more questions and have not replied since!!!"
76561197967682718,Not Recommended,245470,9439944,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,K2221,"I would not recommend this game at the price I paid (£18.00).  If you can get it for about £6.00 it would be worth it.This game is enough to spend about 10 hours on then it becomes dull.  On 100% difficulty it is too easy (91% election results), on 130% it is impossible. You are trillions in debt within a few turns and the economy face plants with the first turn.While I like the idea  of this game there is simply something... missing...Yes the screens and graphics are interesting to start with, they soon become monotonous to the extreme.There are no interaction with other countries, its like you are the only nation on earth. The only thing you know of other countries is how much they drag your economy down when the global stock market free falls every few turns.Running a country is just not a case of throwing money at policies like this forces you to believe.There are a few areas which irritate me as well.  I like the idea of a technologically advanced and educated country, so I always invest heavily in these areas but like the hybrid cars policy.. this should reduce CO2 emissions right?  Wrong. Cheaper hybrid cars increases the number of cars on the roads which the game then presumes is bad for the environment so your CO2 in-fact increases over time!If Superpower 2 was on Steam, I would have brought that for quarter of the price."
,Not Recommended,245470,9787188,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Grace Mugabe,Enjoyable but far too simple with no depth of play.
76561198025198203,Recommended,245470,20961499,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game
76561198249456446,Recommended,245470,29193439,Posted: 11 January,all,Bugs Buddy,"This game has taught me to never get into politics in fear of being assassinated. But also that there are a lot, and I mean A LOT of factors a president must be aware of 24/7, such as education and crime. Not only this, but you have to do your best to appeal to as many cultural groups as possible, and no matter what you do, you can't win them all.With that being said, I recommend giving this game a try, I got annoyed by the fact I kept on being assassinated, so I guess I should never enter the world of politics, ha-ha!"
,Recommended,245470,30110277,Posted: 22 February,all,★ＴＷＯＬＫＡＩ★,"Truly one of the better Steam games out there. It's a great simulation of a real government. Be sure to watch government money and to appease the citizens to run for re-election. It's very complex and detailed if you want it to be, but lower the difficulty and it's simple enough for begginers! Also, there is epic workshop compatibility."
76561198105077228,Not Recommended,245470,10546750,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Noyan F1,I saw this game on steam with the intention that it was going to be a government simulation that sucks you into the experience of being a leader of a country. Wow was i wrong and the advertisement is comepletly wrong. All this game is are a bunch of pie charts and numbers that work on a formula the makers have created. It feels like your just doing math... its just lazy. The makers were obviously lazy. I got it for 8.49.... and im still dissapointed. This is a 5$ game that gets boring in 20 minutes.
76561198054360918,Recommended,245470,9160870,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,JayTee,I really loved this game. I've never played anything like it. I did have to turn the difficulty down a little while playing the US because I could never overcome the massive debt problem.
,Not Recommended,245470,9328089,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Arcuo,"Interesting game, very bare bones and numbers heavy. As a game, I'll say it fails, it's not very entertaining, doesn't tell a story, doesn't have production values. Feel like there is only one level (all the scenarios play the same).A 3d visualization of the cause-and-effect graph that's the core of the game would make it a little easier to grok.Overall, I enjoyed this for an hour or two, and thought it was somewhat expensive for what it does."
76561198074568670,Not Recommended,245470,9409811,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,lllewe,"I would love to review this game but the fact is that I bought it, downloaded it, and it has never run.  It crashes every time I try to load it.  Virtually no support, except a forum where there are a 100 others with exactly the same issue.  Tried the patch 1.13, nothing.  Worst new game experience ever.  So, if I manage to figure out, on my own, how to get it to load, I will review it.  Would love to play it.  But for now, it is a complete waste of $25.00.  My advise, save you money."
76561198097687510,Not Recommended,245470,9415243,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Scked,not worth $25
76561198018881676,Not Recommended,245470,9018871,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,DiCtAtOr,Took them a long while to make the game mostly stable. the fact they released Democracy Africa while this game was still needing fixing was a little annoying.
76561198049097219,Not Recommended,245470,9389562,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,KFPenguin,"As other commentators have pointed out, you are really more of a dictator than a democraticly-elected leader. And the options are fairly simplistic. As long as you abide by the standard Democrat/Republican party lines, then you will succeed. If you want to play outside that, as a libertarian or socialist or a mix, then you are destined to lose badly in the election. Because a lot of the policies and how they  relate to voters seem off. Lowering taxes or running a surplus seem to have very minimal impact on voters. Implementing something small such as free school lunches seem to have more of an effect.And really, the gameplay is such that by the time the election gets around, you've already done everything you pretty much wanted to do anyways. Being reelected would just mean a continuation of the policies you've already enacted. So, more often you'll probably play to see how much stuff you can do before you get tossed out of office.Democracy 3 is almost there, yet so far away."
76561198128937884,Not Recommended,245470,9407972,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,apatrixian,Cool little game. Not worth 25 bucks by any means. It should be $4.99 MAX! The ad made me think it had more complex graphics and game play than it really does.It's fun for a few hours but not much more. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
,Not Recommended,245470,9434839,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Lebenswelt,"I always get assasinated, bad game."
76561198029840786,Not Recommended,245470,9601962,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,robert.vik,"Simply not fun. Looked forward to this game, am a political nerd so this sounded like me kinda game. However after about twenty minutes the realization sets in. This is not fun, this is not challanging, nothing is happening, why i am playing this.After the last one i simply stopped and thought what else fun i could have done with my twenty euros and wouldnt you know it the time spent thinking about that was more fun then this game."
,Not Recommended,245470,9257252,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Holmsie,Enjoyed it for about 2 hours until I realised that spamming tech and getting gdp up was insta win every time. Too easy.
76561198009346801,Not Recommended,245470,10553883,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,StreyX,"This is not a game you just pick up and play unless you're quite fond of failing miserably. While I can appreciate what it tries to do, it just feels flat out unfair. There needs to be a tutorial solely for how to raise the GDP or any other of the major aspects just so people can get a handle on how to stay alive. I am always able to get the public behind me, but the crumbling economy always ruins me despite how many expenditures I cut and how many taxes I raise. It's worth trying if you see this game on sale."
76561198095362984,Not Recommended,245470,9638596,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Prettyhatmachine,Clunky and unrealistic in how you manipulate tax and policy.
,Recommended,245470,25513821,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,Good Game.
,Recommended,245470,33777405,Posted: 24 July,all,Aliulo,"The ""Totally Not the Nazis"" party leads the German people into space. Hyper-religious USA declares a martial state. This is a good game."
76561198039146541,Recommended,245470,28315241,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Apples,Recommended only on a discount. (50% or more)
,Recommended,245470,15658522,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Cobrastan,Wiped out the opposition party.10/10 would wipe out again.
,Recommended,245470,10530750,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,rainpants ☭,would not vote for labour10/10
,Recommended,245470,15062831,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,angerydad.jpeg,"My Republic is best republic.On a serious note, this game is really fun. Despite the fact that I never make it to election day because I get assassinated every time, it provides some really good challenge. If any of you are into more of a slow-paced, yet still cut-throat and challenging game, this one is for you. It also kinda opens your eyes as to how tough it is being in this position, the people want one thing, yet you're gonna have to cut something somewhere else to balance it out. Play this game, especially while the package is on sale with all the DLC (Until 3/30/15 iirc)."
76561197985449665,Recommended,245470,18339771,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Johannes 世破涅主,"Outlawed homsexuality and made all crimes punishable by death, and still won. FInally a game where you don't get wacked by PC freedom fighters and can be as totalitarian as you feel like! Would enslave humanity again!"
76561198003546691,Recommended,245470,15017210,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Basque,It's fun but rather easy and very short.
76561198090940936,Recommended,245470,22321276,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WASD Is The Way,I set out to create a paradise of equality and happinessEnded up with the new Soviet UnionEveryone Still votes for me though10/10 Would be corrupted again
76561198039766240,Recommended,245470,22167481,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,cygnets,Tries to create a socialist utopia: casually screws up all over the place.Tries to create a police state with no regards to anyone's opinions: perfect nation.10/10 Would make Nazi Germany again.
76561198155431289,Recommended,245470,22174052,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Resident Hobo,I keep getting assassinated by really jewish sounding groups....
,Recommended,245470,12815889,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nimmy,I dun like numbers.
,Recommended,245470,12812752,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,GL080 GYM,I solved alcohol abuse in Germany. I win.
76561198044691492,Not Recommended,245470,13143111,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Stuart Little,Way too confusing need to be a political genius to win.
,Not Recommended,245470,8236663,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,KeironO,"Was really hyped up about Democracy 3 coming out, especially because it was going to be on the Linux platform.However, I can't help but feel that it has lost its realism, fed up of being knocked off by some religious/capitalist group -♥♥♥♥♥♥like this just doesn't happen in real life.The game is fun, but it's not as good as it should've been. I wouldn't suggest the game to anyone at its current price range."
76561198056603083,Recommended,245470,18557386,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,camwest26,"Created the Communist Party of Canada. Was Assasinated by the Communist Party of Canada. 10/10, would be killed by my party loyal again."
76561198084286361,Recommended,245470,10679800,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Itachi Uchiha ▲(--_❁)▼,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the liberals       10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥off again
,Recommended,245470,14172922,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sexfiend420,The democracy in this game is flawed beacuase no law i can pass for legalized rectal penetration
,Recommended,245470,13454255,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,JM,"Great game, very good idea and the style of play is very unique which I also found fun, the whole concept and way you play is interesting and it fits well to what it tries to achieve."
,Recommended,245470,18859823,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Mr. Cynical,+1
,Recommended,245470,13772056,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,lolCAT,"Interesting turn based strategy game, gives you a good overview of ""running"" a country.First time i played i didnt get re-elected a second time, but now i have been an absolute monarch by solving poverty, unemployment and increasing GDP.It gets really easy once you get the hang of it, but working on the achievements can be fun even though they come naturally by playing.Good for relaxed gaming on the sofa over holiday."
76561197993060918,Recommended,245470,17790434,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Aquinas,8/10*really educational in modern mechanics of governing
76561197990106355,Not Recommended,245470,17681415,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Dreepa,"Ultra complex, yet does not really resemble the real world. Most links between cause and effect are artificial or unforsee-able.The frame work of modeling your society assumes only 1 capitalistic and privately funded central bank money-as-debt state model and thus real meaningful decision to change a state to something innovative are not given.Overall a game that looks like it is a super big simulation, however, it really does not give you many fundamental different approaches to shape your state.It is a game that portrays the world as we get told it has to work. It does not at all explore the options, what could be if we changed fundamental believes and principles of our democracy."
76561198093727516,Not Recommended,245470,17724487,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SN34KY FR34K,Good game but only kept me occupied for a small amount of time. Honestly better games are not hard to find though
76561197970661016,Not Recommended,245470,17793737,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,omglol,"Game crashes after every election and is practically unplayable. Also, the simulation seems to be heavily biased toward left wing policies."
76561198032034271,Not Recommended,245470,17831751,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Primarch Fulgrim,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!It is unplayable for me, it crashes everytime I click on 'new game'.0/10"
,Recommended,245470,13627437,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Robb4Rock6,as us pesidentlegalized potreduced militaryincreased funding for schoolsrestarted space programdead with in a year thanks to right wing extremist10/10
76561197993333398,Recommended,245470,13630069,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RedundantVagabond,"Assassinated10/10, will play again"
76561198083231093,Recommended,245470,13620227,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BlakeNArnold1997,Was in office for less than one year. Got assasinated.... 11/10
76561198043856757,Recommended,245470,13620706,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,B-Dot,I got assasinated twice.10/10
,Recommended,245470,13615831,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Josh von Moger (MAGA),"Got rid of national debt and reduced tax by 5%, only to get shot in head 7.8/10"
76561197979404095,Not Recommended,245470,15133843,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Pi,"You play the exact same seed every time, even with random seeding. The only way to change what happens in the game is with the difficulty sliders. Every game starts with the same problems and stats. Judging by the reviews, I'd say that this is the experience most people are getting. If you don't believe me, try playing a couple games with the same settings and make the same decisions (unless you're looking to buy this, in which case, DON'T).I don't think they meant to do this - it seems everybody has a different random game. Some are easy, some are impossible. Mine unfortunately ends after about 6 turns playing America, and honestly, do you really want to be a different country?I paid a sale price for this and the 3 expansions, I still think the $15 was too much money for something I could've written myself when I was in high school. Actually I wrote a tank-shooter as a semester project, and it was more fun.Summary:- DEVELOPERS NEED TO FIX random game seeds - but they probably won't because it's the style of the time- Too expensive - it's pretty the same as playing with a spreadsheet. $A2=(POPULATIONxINCOME)... except they did some nifty buttons and graphs.- It would be nice to see some scenery, like beautiful tropical island nation or something"
,Recommended,245470,13824554,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,blerch,"This is a very interesting and fun game. The mechanics and how everything matters and is connected to everything else makes this game unique. I have one criticism so far though: The buttons on the main screen shift around every quarter, so you need to search for them, and they are also unlabeled, so you need to memorize the icons. I'd be happy to see this improved, but otherwise I really like the game."
76561198157384748,Recommended,245470,13258160,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Scottish Daniel,"Ever wanted to slap one of the government?Think there useless and make the situation worse?Do it yourself in this amazing game!Great mods,great features great everything GET THIS GAME!"
76561198036032420,Not Recommended,245470,13690164,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,ryans,Apparently the goal of this game is to fail in comedic fashion. Not at all what I was looking for.
76561197998979172,Recommended,245470,13676704,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SgtKlum,Turned Great Britain into a socialist utopia by legalizing prostitution.10/10 would gift to entire of Parliament.
,Recommended,245470,13656554,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,irw101,"Got rid of Poverty, Crime, and Property taxes.Assassinated by capitalists.11/10 would do again in real life."
76561198056003399,Recommended,245470,13652707,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Panzerspartan,Tried to fix America's debt.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off every faction and got assasinated.-10/10
76561198054750746,Recommended,245470,13652903,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,TheDerpsquatch,"Ended all Racial Discrimination, got assassinated by The Black Power Group for widespread racial injustice. 10/10"
76561198162011907,Recommended,245470,13757856,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Preval C,"In politics, you can hardly please everybody. Democracy 3 perfectly sums that up. Yet the game resembles a government simulator more than it does for a political simulator. A room for improvement would be to include foreign actors on the fray."
,Recommended,245470,13758199,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,sireLewis,So much fun!!!
,Recommended,245470,13766730,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dangerhouse,"I lowered Military Funding. The Capitalists Killed Me.I allowed Abortion and Same-Sex Marriage. The Conservatives Killed Me.Basically, this game, if you aren't playing it right, then you'll die.And that's the fun of it.You can keep playing this game for hours on end, saving before every big desicion, because no matter what you say, someone will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it all depends on who you are. Are you Liberal? Are you Conservative? Are you an Ethnic Minority? Are you a Capitalist? Are you a Commuter? Are you a Motorist?Will you get your cranium split in half by an enraged assassin? Or will you make you country the best?Pros:+ Diverse and Different groups to support and to have support you+ Tailor your country via laws and bans+ Hire your own senate/house to deal with Law and Order, Foriegn Policy, etc.+ Hear hilariously silly quotes every turn from Fox News or George Bush+ Hear semi-sensible quotes from Bill Clinton and JFKCons:- The game's assassin mechanic is way too unforgiving. You best find a way to support Capitalists and Ethnic Minorities, because the will kill you quicker than any other party.- If someone wants you dead. THEY WILL HAVE YOU DEAD.- Socialists, The Youth, and Parents won't like you. That's that.Overall: 7.8/10"
,Recommended,245470,13750873,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MrUks,"One of the best abstract games I've ever played, and that sais something concidering I really like abstract games :D"
76561197979395987,Not Recommended,245470,13757504,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Brutos,i like it but it way to complicated
,Recommended,245470,15080097,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Multioquium The T-rex,THIS GAME LET ME BE GLORIOUS LEADER JUST LIKE REAL LIFE AND I AM GREAT LEADER BECAUSE EVERYONE GET 20 GUNS AND THEY GIVE ME ALL THE TAXES SO I CAN RETIRE ON MY PIRVATE ISLAND AND TRUST ME I LIVE FOREVER AND IF YOU DONT LIKE COMMUNIST YOU DONT LIKE ME AND I WILL KILL PEOPLE BECAUSE I WANT IT TO BE EQUAL TO THE PEOPLE AND IF YOU DONT LIKE IT YOU ARE PIG WITH SEVEN HEADS IAMGREAT/10 DONT NEED DEMOCRACY
,Recommended,245470,12383249,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,NateA42,"And that's how they learned to love the Party.8/10Hard to get understand at first, do your first few times with cheats and then you will be set."
76561198080609184,Recommended,245470,15860517,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,That1Guy,"I eradicated poverty, then the pope asked me to resign because he said i was an amoral leader"
,Recommended,245470,16368572,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Qubesta | aimware.ga,"This Game is fun, but will drive you crazy with how difficult it is. Basically, no one likes you, even those who like you hate you.7 / 10"
76561198058740279,Not Recommended,245470,17346013,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,phystuk,"This isn't really a game, just a manifesto of the creators political values encoded as a 'cause and effect' structure. It has 0 replayability, all countries are basically the same.  The model is super simplistic and very direct for example: strict alcohol law --> less alcohol consumption --> less alcohol abuse --> less crime. All countries start with alcohol abuse which is automatically solved if you bother to make alcohol law stricter. It's unrealistic: Religion is bad for science, but by teaching evolution only, you get rid of all religious people in 1-2 terms. Patriotism is bad - it leads to racial tensions. Everything is clear cut and simple like that, no finesse at all.The fact the political views promoted by the game largely overlap my own doesn't make up for this not being a game, not being challanging or interesting or in any way varied. I feel like it's still not done, years after release.All mods debalance this to make it increadibly east or impossibly 'hard'."
,Recommended,245470,13159105,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Chica,"This game is amazing. That is, until you get assassinated by a conservative extremist group :("
,Not Recommended,245470,13634736,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MerKeLK1LL3R,Its quite boring :/ but its challenging.
,Recommended,245470,30450617,Posted: 11 March,all,blueturtle,"Really fun if casual, political game. I like the balancing act involed with different groups getting attention and others not. Decent challenge and a clean interface. It could be more indepth for the money but besides that it is a really fun game.7/10"
76561198048059907,Not Recommended,245470,19370677,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Boss,A short game with few scenarios and options.
,Recommended,245470,19567230,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,nathanbobathan,"A great policy and economic simulator. International relations are viewed mostly by how they affect the economy. The expansions are recommended, especially ""clones and drones,"" as it adds continued challenges on issues such as climate change and rare metal shortages.It is far easier to pass legislation in this game than it is in a real democracy (particularly for the United States), but weird assasination plays a clear balancing role here. Make overly radical rather than incremental changes to the government, and you risk assasination.The game does not seem to have a particular partisan agenda, though of course some will claim otherwise. The easiest way to build a socially inclusive and economically vibrant society depends on the country you are governing. The classic challenges apply: raise taxes too much and risk stifling economic growth. Have taxes too low and go into debt, which will eventually harm economic growth. Cut spending too much and put serious harm on the job market and wreck infrastructure, also harming the economy.Balance all this while also being appealing enough to your base to get reelected. Rinse. Repeat."
,Recommended,245470,18942333,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,New Waves,"Great game,maybe a little bit repetitive, but the workshop gives some diversity and replay value."
76561198061018900,Not Recommended,245470,18408200,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Fairtrade,"The story always repeats itself, every legislation brings up the same old questions. Even at a high difficulty level it's always the same."
76561198035801186,Recommended,245470,10554083,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sunikkasu,Needs President Roosevelt DLC.
76561198143461009,Recommended,245470,20330167,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[VR] Thomas Cochrane,"A fun game if you are into politics. It has an amazing interface that is easy to understand do it's easy to learn. Overall I'll give it 7.5/10, but it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,245470,22203126,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Captain Obieso,Awesome.
,Not Recommended,245470,22201216,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,apophis13,"Total Score:  41/100 C- (Downvote)Graphics and Art: 2Sound and Music: 2Story and Plot: 2Controls: 6Creativity and Uniqueness: 7Mood and Immersion: 3Length, Content, and Replayability: 1Functionality: 8Character Choice and Customization: 7Challenge: 3Lead a great nation to ruins, and be bored doing it!  The sad thing about this game is that it's such a cool idea, if only they had done something, I don't know, more with it.  Even for a phone app this thing lacks content and replayability.  I'm not really into phone apps, but even if I was, I would still expect more.  You basically click on things and make choices which the game calculates more or less non-randomly, into predictable results, and it feels a bit like putting together a powerpoint slide or an excel spreadsheet.  There aren't really graphics, and the music consists of a single song that gets old faster than listening to ""Achy-breaky Heart"" on repeat.  But, well, one thing...it's  a cool idea, at least, like a really good idea.  And, I'd love to see someone actually do a real game with this concept.  Wouldn't it be awesome to play a quality strategy game where you can play as a politician, making deals (dirty or clean), shaping the world in your image for good or ill.  That sounds like a lot of fun!  But, this...this is just not fun."
76561198141007830,Not Recommended,245470,20573221,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TrumpLover6969,-Paid $32.99 for collecters edition-Played for 5 minutes-Game crashes-Plays 5 more minutes-Crashes againSo far 10/10 game but crashes all the time
76561198008750465,Not Recommended,245470,24363345,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Shakawkaw,"This game seems very good. Unfortunately, it crashes every time I play it, within the first 10 minutes."
76561198060670204,Recommended,245470,23080353,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sgt.Golden,"Well designed game, I have enjoyed my time playing it for sure. :)"
76561198065227399,Recommended,245470,22847710,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Bandit,It's a great game. If you think it get repetitive I think your playing it wrong. (Also the workshop can make it a whole lot harder)
76561198268027721,Not Recommended,245470,29543956,Posted: 28 January,all,bkari001,"DO NOT BUY< DO NOT BUY , It looks as if only a few mods work, the game itself is boring and easy to beat after a few hours of playing the only thing that made it worthwhile was the mods shared through steam and now they are gone too. This company does not seem to care much about their product or costumer requests since for more than 2 years there has been talks about a new game and at least improvements but nothing and now they go and do allow any of the mods to be used unless they are verified by them."
76561198052576709,Recommended,245470,22345051,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,twasono,"Let's explain demographics:Socialists hate tax umbrellasEnvironmentalists hate carsElderly hate crimeMiddle income hates income tax (your MAIN SOURCE of income)Poor hate tax umbrellasFarmers hate food inspectionWealthy hate taxesPatriots hate random eventsCapitalists hate almost everything including taxesReligious hates on demand abortion, 2 doctors abortion to a lesser degree, also a pinch of legal prostitutionMotorists hate traffic, buses, and trainsConservatives hate random events and loves death penaltyYouth hates celebrity commentsCommuters hate almost nothingNow,do YOU want to play Democracy 3?|---------------------------------------------------------------------||Reader says no!                                                                                 ||                                                                                                           ||The reader of this review doesn't want to buy Democracy 3.        ||                                                                                                           ||Everyone -1.00                                                                                 ||GDP -0.40                                                                                         ||Capitalist -0.50                                                                                 ||--------------------------------------------------------------------|Do you know why the event made capitalists hate you?Capitalists = sniper. Sniper = dead."
76561198026494809,Recommended,245470,23527092,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,mircrypt,"Decent simulation of a ""democratic"" system - though the interconnected variables of what policy decisions impact which social outcomes is a bit foggy at best. The diversity of outcomes from similar policy decisions between what are effectively similarly structured Western democracies is just odd - picking a similar policy choice between the britsh and french should not result in significantly different outcomes (all things equal in other policy values) but that's often the case. Intuitive interface, good option set and pace - overall a good game to spend a bit of time ruling by proxy through."
,Recommended,245470,31066251,Posted: 10 April,all,rock,capitalist scum
,Not Recommended,245470,31088456,Posted: 11 April,all,ducttapeJ,"It always encounters an error when starting a new game, despite uninstalling and reinstalling. Before that, I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,245470,14291868,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Leptoon,Fantastic game. It really satisfies the micro-manager in me. :D
,Recommended,245470,13408647,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Boogily,Really Good! You Can Tick Off The Capitalists And Then Get Assanated!10/10 Would play again.
,Recommended,245470,12495665,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,180assassin,"yes, be the leader of the country"
76561198004371446,Recommended,245470,12502892,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,TUNWIN8R,good political game with a good interface
,Recommended,245470,12403856,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Callymungus,"This is a strange one, what might sound like the most boring game ever created for some may be one of most interesting and involved games out there in my OPINION. This game is very difficult to recommend based on the grounds that you have to have some interest in politics but i will do my best as i may now love this game. The game starts by allowing you to choose from a selection of some of the biggest and most developed countries around the world, from America to Germany to the UK the choice is not bad considering the amount of depth it goes into for each one. it then bombards you (in a very nicely laid out way i might add) with a huge number of polictical policies and ideas that you can change to your hearts content. now this may be overwhelming for some people as there is a lot to look at in this game but it is presented in such a nice way that you dont feel completely lost and put off as a result. Each policy is presented as what can best be described as thought bubbles which entirely fill the playing space of the game, these can all be clicked and changed via the use of sliders (lots of sliders) and this then has either negtaive or positive impacts on other connected bubbles as well as the different groups of people found in your soceity. it is very important to manage all of these bubbles closely as well as the happiness of the various groups which range from the capitalists and socialists to the poor and the retired and everywhere in between.Now you are not completley free to change everything as you see fit, you need to build up enough political capital (the games basic currency...influence) which is allocated to you after each turn. This allows you to change policies and even implement new ones. it is also important to note that for pretty much all of the policies there will be costs and these usually vary dependant on how forcefully you have imlemented the policy. Governement spending runs alongside political capital when implementing or changing policies but needs to be managed much more carefully as having a deficit can quickly build up substantial debt and lower the morale of your entire soceity and also put you at an economic disadvantage when compared to the rest of the world. it is the way government spending is used that really makes this game shine as you are now faced with a multitude of morale dilemmas such as raising taxes to improve education but then facing the subsequent backlash from those physically unable to pay the higher taxes. this doesn't slow down either, throughout the entire game you will be faced with new problems some of which you will have created by fixing other problems and some which present themselves as situtaions which give you a choice of two options at the start of each turn. These situations will appear at the start of each turn and have an underlying effect on whichever bubbles they may be connected too, for instance you could be asked to choose whether to allow or ban same sex marriages, allowing these marriages would anger the religous groups within your soceity but this would please the liberals and vice versa and it is up to you what kind of soceity you want to create.Overall i would have to say if you have any interest in politics or how the governemnt in your country is run dont hesitate to pick this up. it will not only keep you entertained with a plethora of complex morale decisons but it may also educate you or develop your interest in politics. i think this is a great tool if you dont fully understand how the governement runs your country and also provides a fun and easy to access playground for you to create your own challenges and just generally enjoy this very indepth and gripping polictical simulator.Warning: you may find out that your a morally corrupt, devious and downright selfish person with a complete disregard for the people that make up soceity. but hey, go nuts, turn your democracy into something bordering on a dictatorship, think of it as your own challenge and enjoy it!"
76561197998721794,Not Recommended,245470,13600783,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheRealMarkOne,Its interesting for a couple of hours but I honestly cant see myself EVER playng it again.
,Recommended,245470,31473987,Posted: 30 April,all,TheChainZKid,"Very in depth politics simulator. It showed me that people really don't like it when you take away from their child benifit. Mums across the country wanted my guts but hey, at least we had we free schools and low taxes.10/10 would get killed by a mum again"
,Recommended,245470,13658402,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PapaGeorgio,"Very fun, cool ui.  As close as I'll ever get to being president!"
,Recommended,245470,12367784,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Chet Ubetcha,Made the U.S. a police state. Got assassinated swiftly and efficiently. 10/10
76561198036229520,Not Recommended,245470,13948869,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Antonios,I am 40 years old with thousands hours of strategy gaming. Very easy game. You start with economy and then everything fixed. One hour was enough to taste everything from the game. If you are a young player then it may be ok. But not for experienced strategy gamers.
,Recommended,245470,16335541,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SqueekrMel0n,"Fun, it is. Challenging, it is too. I do recommend."
76561198054202162,Recommended,245470,13618752,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,idhduncan,Fantastic game. I've only been assasinated by the Religious Right about 6 times.
,Recommended,245470,11191807,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,RobBobTheCornCob,"What would happen if you became the leader of a country?  Will you become a dictator or peacekeeper?  This is the game where you express your political opinions and see what happens.  The main screen is very nice and organized.  Can be fun for a few hours at a time.  If you can pick it up cheap, it would be a great purchase."
76561198048294960,Recommended,245470,12367301,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Oweenie,"I was assasinated by an extermist group... Other than that, its a great game to explore!"
,Recommended,245470,13604509,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,SaMuRaI,"For some reason, capitalists don't like me...Everyone likes me, but the capitalists. I only have max taxes for everything..."
,Not Recommended,245470,13180244,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,unorthodoxbunny,god
76561198006543535,Recommended,245470,14450544,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,El Guapo,"Democracy 3 is the best part of the series, mostly because of the polished interface. It offers an interesting and unique premise by putting you into the role of your nation's leader. After a couple of playthroughs it is rather simple to achieve complete success on all fronts though. While generally offering multiple ways to play, there are a couple of fool-proof approaches: investing heavily into police, education, tech, health... some fields are just plain good. Focussing on them will ensure overall success.Still, the game offers quite a bit of fun. You can ignore the DLCs because mods literally offer the same if not more.Buy it on sale and you won't regret it.7/10"
76561198030072742,Not Recommended,245470,13601738,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sanderson,No.
,Recommended,245470,13146703,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Sushi♥,Turned America into North Korea.12/10
,Recommended,245470,18104213,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,✪ daydream,Overall a good game but it is really difficult. Obviously not everyone will agree with your choices ( like if you do something to please religious people liberals will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off) and there is the chance you will be assassinated but a really good political simulator. 7/10
,Recommended,245470,13895847,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,rhydian98,had removed all crime and organised crim and the asthma epidemic was over. after all this my country was a police state. after surviving assination attempts for 2 terms i was assassinated.10/10 love it
,Not Recommended,245470,19913770,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Truly Omniscient,"I greatly anjoyed the game, I enjoyed all their systems, but then I encountered something that made the game absolutly unplayable. There was a glitch, or an error where the game suddenly crashes when you attempt to move to the next turn, and I've looked online for help, and I couldn't find any really realible thing to fix this glitch, it also seems that that the earliest posts about this games probably with crashing started about a year ago, and I haven't seen any threads that are actually realible."
76561198066540802,Recommended,245470,23858735,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,ICE924,"Interesting game of democrat concept, and why these captialist always unhappy?"
76561198093799484,Recommended,245470,23975030,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mr Moist Napkin,First Go got killed by capitalists before end of first term.Second go . Slowly gained popularity and made to second term where I destroyed crime and proverty but nearly got killed by eco-terrorists soon i was nearly killed by liberals and capitalists untill i got put into so much debt i had to just survive to the end where i could live a peaceful life in a mountain untill the end where i ended up being killed by capitallists again.2in/10 best holes i've ever gotten in my head
76561197987674194,Recommended,245470,24197559,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,T15,"A great game that educates the player on government policy effects on the economy, the country and its people."
,Recommended,245470,24226949,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hater,No media stunts ever show up for me. I'm on OS X El Capitan.
76561198190471691,Recommended,245470,24275584,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,CE,good game; allows you to make many choices
76561198300887271,Recommended,245470,24280194,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,michaeladkins892,"It's difficult, but I love the game! Started off with only 27% of the votes, dropped to 20% and then quickly went up to nearly 70%. America loved me! I was slowly turning America over to a Christian nation and majority was quiet thrilled about it! I was helping the poor and the oppressed while upholding a moral crusade! I was protecting the hard working Americans by giving protecting them with labor laws and such! Dropped crime and unemplyment and cut back the rich.... but like reality, the wealthy didn't like it! Almost halfway through my second term, they decided to assassinate me!"
,Recommended,245470,24281268,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ayeniner,"This game allows me to build the communist paradise that I'd like to see on earth. Great mechanics that give a feel for the ungainly beast that is governance. When you keep the economy in the black for years at a time, regardless of what happens internationally, after beginning with the unpopularity and sea of debt feels like a great achievement."
76561198020134773,Recommended,245470,24299301,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Frying Tiger,"Great game, could be better with free market economics"
,Recommended,245470,23762688,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Doodpewl,"A game where every day is a potential Mar. 13, 1881.Or Jan. 30, 1948.Or Nov. 22, 1963.Screw democracy.Hail political assasinations!"
,Recommended,245470,23994602,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,🌸 송하나 🌸,"This game is so much more interesting and fun than real life politics. UI is simple to navigate and you can get a hang of how the game works relatively quickly. However, if you have a small attention span, you may miss things on the side very easily like how your country's money is doing. I did very well with making all the voters love me for about 3 elections my first run, but I'm pretty sure I ran my country into horrible debt because I wasn't paying attention to my money which caused me to lose my 4th election. My only real problems with the game however is changing the resolution and the start up. Every time I change the resolution, I have to close the game and restart it to have the changes take effect. I'm not sure if this is just my laptop being sh*t as per usual or if this is a problem among multiple players. Also, on start up, Steam constantly does the first time set up even though I've opened the game multiple times already. I have no idea why it's doing that. Again, it could be my laptop, but I might as well mention it if it's not. All and all, regardless of my problems, I love this game and would definitely recommend giving it a try even to politically apathetic people like myself."
,Recommended,245470,23995271,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DragonSlayer487,Would get assassinated by religious conservatives in three different countries in a row again.10/10
76561198025824148,Recommended,245470,24060589,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Electer,"Great game, I maneged to abolish religion and to install a land wide monorail system making cars almost irrellevant during my second term in office, all the while turning a 1 trillion dollar debt into a 2 trillion dollar surplus. 10/10 would save the economie again."
76561198161404318,Recommended,245470,24189444,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Traceurk7,"Anyone who knows a little about how the economy works should play this game. The first time it's a bit hard to control it, but you learn very faster. Recommended"
,Recommended,245470,24288141,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Dargor,Founded a national communistic theocracy with death penalty for every crime. Best game.
,Recommended,245470,23909076,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,barneyriggs,Turned the country into a military state. Got assassinated. 10/10
,Recommended,245470,24007933,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,rndm,"Keep every sector of society ""happy"".Try not to marginalize one sector too much to prevent being assassinated. You can use short-term, band-aid policy solutions for this (Give 'em what they want for now).Reshuffle your Cabinet every once in a while.Low Crime, High Education, and High Health are the keys to success."
,Recommended,245470,24256187,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,H™_Mizore,Really good Democracy Simulator
76561198156781291,Recommended,245470,24061040,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Pixelperfect,This is the best political simutator on the market and the mod suport make the high replayabillity and the 3 DLCs is worth buying. I wold like it to get more content. A new DLC aboute climate or something wold not be wrong. I also hope for more languages because the English is realy hard. Sorry for the bad English I am from Sweden
,Recommended,245470,16604281,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,R1amu,"A really neat political simulator where every action has an effect on your situation, sometimes in unexpected ways. Mods add an additional level of freedom to customize your experience as well."
76561198113064501,Recommended,245470,16733216,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kim Jong Skill,Made America great again. Believe me. 7 out of 11.
76561198260274117,Not Recommended,245470,32320246,Posted: 10 June,all,temiobitulata,"Downloaded the gane and played for about 2 hours, it brings up error messages I had to uninstall and redownload, now the game downloads but gets paused at the end due to an error. It is very frustrating feel like i wasted cash on this game"
76561198363730734,Not Recommended,245470,30675635,Posted: 22 March,all,juliejayne,"Interesting game, but really only for those really into trying to run a capitalist system.I was doing fine and then the Liberals blew me up...... not very realistic.Glad that I didn't pay full price, I would have felt really cheated.  As it is, at less than 6 euros, it is worthwhile."
,Recommended,245470,14965515,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,SpillFanta,"went for a dictator-like run, accidentally eradicated poverty10/10 would do a better job than obama again"
76561198013058748,Recommended,245470,15726364,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Jouwar,"If you enjoy public policy and have the patience to experiment with different choices and play styles, you have no excuse not to try this game."
,Recommended,245470,15393633,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,King Slimload,"If you treat this game as a political simulator, it's not that great.  All of the countries seem to have the exact same political views in the game, and there seems to be some political bias.  However, if you treat this as a ""Let's see how many people I can♥♥♥♥♥♥off before I get assassinated"" simulator, than it's pretty solid"
76561198071392253,Recommended,245470,15493192,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Zachary Daiquiri,failed assassination attempts 25 times in a row...re-elected for 5 terms 11/10
76561198023278779,Not Recommended,245470,15368555,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,coyotesbrother,The game is strongly stuck in the left/right paradigm.  Trying to play any other way (e.g. implementing libertarian policies) results in immediate assissination.  Waste of money.
,Recommended,245470,15398216,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bob the Builder,Got assassinated by nuns. Never (in my opinion) will that happen in real life.
,Recommended,245470,15409122,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,jaderade,"I love this game. It's so complex and half the time you have no idea what your doing or who you'll♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Ultimately everyone, I guess."
76561198058246566,Recommended,245470,15734057,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,writerrhino,"This is an extremely well thought out and very polished game. As a political junkie and campaign volunteer, I can tell the programmers put some SERIOUS thought and study into the content and layout of this game. I look forward to seeing how my policies work out. Must-buy for Poli-Sci majors and policy wonks. I recommend it."
,Recommended,245470,15756687,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,xAzarus,Fun Strategy game
,Not Recommended,245470,15439817,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Morti Massacres,This is one of the most economicaly ignorant games that i have ever played. The only way you can have a positive outcome in this game is if you share the creators political idealogy. It has been a horid experiance for me and if you are not a socailist or generaly support large scale government intervention in peoples daily lives then you are going to assinated or just not relected!
,Recommended,245470,15575723,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,TheSinnersCreed,"At the end of my first game I was assassinated by Capitalists on the same turn I ended Crime across the country. Go figure; make education free, drop property taxes, stopped egregious spending on corporate♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥contests and rerouted it to going green and helping fund scientific advancement and the 1% assassinate me. If anything this game only confirms even more we need to get out under Capitalism and fast.Seriously though, great game, I will be assassinated again. 8/10."
,Recommended,245470,15696541,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Llama,Prime minister simulator more like it. Only for people who know politics.
76561198139040778,Recommended,245470,15739030,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Machine Gunn Eddie,"My Story:I put my views into Great Britain and made it a socialist, communist country full of equality and ecolological stability. I had rid Britain of it's pollution and helped struggling mothers and protected the poor and vulnerable, reducing organized crime and increasing science funding so that we can become a purely developed nation.I was assassinated by Capitalists...Just no pleasing some people..."
76561198072144953,Recommended,245470,15744402,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,NinjaGogeta,I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing on this gameWithin my first term of office I was assasinated by an organisaiton of Capitalists called The Battenburg Group11/10 GOTY
76561198031104439,Recommended,245470,15598103,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Thy BrewMaster,"pretty fun, good sim for the political world."
,Recommended,245470,15733807,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Certified Smokified,fantastic simulation game. kills time
,Recommended,245470,15344884,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Groms,"Began to stabilize the economy and get things on track for the average citizen, even starting being more lax with immigration and set up social justice for ethnicities. Still got assassinated by black people. 10/10"
76561198126659864,Recommended,245470,15359975,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ribena,"Great fun - Tried to create free market utopia, shot by socialists.9.5/10"
76561198102452081,Recommended,245470,15761273,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Max,Awesome Game all in all
76561198050585654,Not Recommended,245470,33713347,Posted: 21 July,all,nuktubia,"Took Canada, within the hour, I had 3 assasanation attempts foiled. Went through one term, got re-elected, and promptly uninstalled. Not very intuitive, not anywhere near realistic, and it is a bore.Don't waste your time."
,Recommended,245470,34422494,Posted: 22 August,all,Flozzman,"Well you try to please the Nationalists, gets assassinated by Liberals, Try to please the Liberals, gets assassinated by Christians, try to please Christians, gets assassinated by Liberals... just like in real life! Good Game!"
76561198156415394,Recommended,245470,34409053,Posted: 21 August,all,D3HN1NJ4,10/10 would make a socialist country libertarian again.
,Recommended,245470,34296133,Posted: 16 August,all,Mackledog,Lots of fun to play!
76561198153923824,Recommended,245470,34486418,Posted: 25 August,all,GAS,"It lacks depth, but honestly I loved playing it."
76561198022591768,Recommended,245470,34269207,Posted: 15 August,all,RagingPanic,"Democracy 3 is great, complex, and difficult."
,Recommended,245470,17356217,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,LEWD,-Played as America-Legalized Prositution and pot-Raised sales tax by 3% to earn more money-Assasinated by the black power group for increasing boarder control1337/10 im ded agin
76561198022830287,Not Recommended,245470,16374738,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Rigby Rigbone,"Ethnic minorities hate me, black power group wants to assasinate me, I proceed to lower border controls, citizenship tests, increase foreign aid to absurd levels....they still kill me ?"
76561198144560445,Recommended,245470,16377949,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,joe8628,Good Game!!
76561198032282758,Recommended,245470,30353040,Posted: 6 March,all,Karhi,Fun with cheats!
76561198170227334,Not Recommended,245470,14185500,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The Pyroshark,"I can't launch it, someone please help."
76561198030775877,Not Recommended,245470,21371562,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Raiser991,to easy / 10would not buy again
,Recommended,245470,24446129,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Lord Nigel of Farage [No.4],"Downloaded EU mod, left and made Britain great again. 11/10 would vote leave again."
76561198053900891,Not Recommended,245470,16379095,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,sleeparrow,This game got really irritating when it started serving the cocktail of near-unavoidable assassination and bugs like being able to spend your political capital twice on the same issue to no effect. The UI is unhelpful and uninteresting. (Half the time you can't actually see the edges of the graph because they're covered by labels.) The relationships between policies and statistics are sometimes wired wonky (at least that's what I assumed looking at certain relationships.) The whole game is a cluttered mess.
,Recommended,245470,23902893,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hordriss,Abolished all gun controlLegalised all drugsIncreased Corporation TaxSurvived 3 Assassination attemptsManaged 1% of the total vote in my election.I'm still more effective than the current UK government.
76561198106354769,Recommended,245470,34252705,Posted: 15 August,all,ScrubLord,Lost the first election even though I wiped out crime and religionVery good government simulator
76561197993272625,Not Recommended,245470,14398816,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,User,"As a total nerd for policy and news this game was fun. However this game obviously is developed by liberal loving hipsters who have no idea that 75% of the country lives in rural counties where farming is a way of life and major cities make up only about 25% of the nation. Obviously the prez elect is a bought race, but since he has no real power anyway it doesn't really matter. This game suck at its core, carbon tax gives you the budget you need to win and it's been repealed in the only country it's ever been approved in so that should give you some insight to how stupid the devs are. Devs if your reading this which would be impressive since you likely don't know how to read having been raised on public education YOUR GAME SUCKS! I know I started by saying this game is fun but honestly after a few 2-5 rounds your going to hate this game unless you are a progressive liberal who taxes the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone. Government exits on taxes and since this game is about govenment then you need lots of taxes. If you try to play this game as a libertarian AT ALL even just a little bit you WILL FAIL and YOU WILL NOT WIN."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,245470,18188947,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Winterspark,"I found playing this game to be very similar to driving my uncles houseboat. Slow, unresponsive and rather dull. That is unless you are drunk, where my uncles houseboat becomes legendary. This game does not improve with drinking."
76561198026539571,Recommended,245470,16346593,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Spanks Masterson,"If you've ever been interested in trying to juggle the demands of an economy, cultural identity, education, military, and generally everything a supreme leader has to deal with, plus catering to the whims of a sometimes illogical populace...then this is the game for you. It's like the sociopolitical version of Civilization.I was running Canada. My people were some of the smartest on the planet, winning Nobel Prizes with ease, then the global economy tanked. My forward thinking economic policies helped to blunt the recession...for a time. Then, slowly, my secular policies came back to bite me as unemployment, homelessness, and religious extremism began to rise.10/10. Would get car-bombed again."
76561198086476537,Not Recommended,245470,18884620,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TheSpartanSteve,"Has the potential to be a great game, too bad its biased.Here are some wacko parts:Higher GDP somehow guarentees you higher unemployment(Historically Inaccurate)Gun control laws dont affect crime(for better or for worse)You have limited options for staff and you start with a wide diverse political spectrum who eventually come to hate you eventuallyRed-level popularity at the beginning despite the fact you were just electedLiberals dislike gun control laws??You need a standing army to keep patriots happy(swiss militia not ok?)"
,Recommended,245470,13610794,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,prof. in genderstudies,"Free Healthcare, Drugs are illegal, no prostitution, high GDP, no crimes, no racism.Got assasinated by a black ""organisation"".11/10"
,Recommended,245470,22547206,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Burger,"The game itself can be considered satire with its realism. In all of your playthroughs, there will be several assassination attempts even if you're not an extremist as pointed out in the top comments. You can solve poverty, crime, equality, unemployment but someone you will be assassinated by a liberal.If you don't mind that one major flaw, then I recommend this game. It's a good 10-20 hours of fun."
,Recommended,245470,28220144,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Libero,Democratic Communist Utopia(s) can exist.Takes a ♥♥♥♥ ton of surveillance and propaganda though.
,Not Recommended,245470,33212694,Posted: 3 July,all,Dog_Lover,Gets boring after the first 2 hours
,Recommended,245470,32272249,Posted: 8 June,all,reallysuperanonymous,10/10 would create socialist utopia and get assassinated by the religious right again.
76561198002487203,Not Recommended,245470,34749274,Posted: 4 September,all,switch201,"The game is ok... I actually think it can be quite addicting at times. but what pisses me off so much, and makes me leave this negative review is the fact the game has such a blatantly obvious and unfixed bug:in this game, you use ""first units"" (I think it's called political capital) to implement and or change policies. If you want to see what a new policy does you have to select it in the policy menu. If you decide you don't like the policy and choose not to implement it. THE GAME STILL TAKES AWAY YOUR FIST POINTS EVEN THOUGH I HAVE NOT IMPLEMENTED THE POLICY!! This is beyond annoying and is clearly a bug because it even says it's not supposed to charge you. I just can't see how a bug so obvious is in this game."
76561198051792254,Recommended,245470,33320401,Posted: 6 July,all,hristo_yordanov,good
,Recommended,245470,34234437,Posted: 14 August,all,theipodtouch218,political ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,245470,28349371,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Swagga Muffin,"A hard game to get into but well worth it if you have both the time and the will. (I'm pretty sure this is true, but I never had the time or the will to learn it.)"
76561198230047204,Recommended,245470,21949243,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,coozooroo,"Fun, 8 of 10.After serving the 2nd term, I almost got killed on every turn by the Liberals although >90% of people would vote for me, including 50% of population were Liberals. Worse is I too am part of the Liberal Party. Crime, Violent Crime, and Organized Crime are at lowest level, 0. No gun allowed for public.I know Liberals hated me for the CCTV, submachine-armed Police, death penalty, etc. But all of these should provide strong  cover for me to be not easily having shot at.The most difficult challenge is after the 6th terms, when Water Shortage and Cyclone would be very expensive to be controlled as the world temperature would keep rising regardless my CO2 at 0, and my environment level at max.Well, I still could put good hours for this game."
76561198075137231,Recommended,245470,29418711,Posted: 22 January,all,rusznyak.andras,"Fabolous game for those who are interested in public policies. I couldn't tell how realistic the events, stats and the effects of your decisions are, but it's certainly a complex gameplay. And when you start understanding the decision engine behind the curtains, you can always set the difficulty higher or download mods to find new challeneges.Graphics are not impressive, like in city building or role play games, but suit the purpose of the game. The main screen will be easily navigable after a couple of minutes playing and there is no time pressure to make quick moves as the game play is turn based.This is practically a single player board game with a computer in the background calculating the effects of your moves."
76561198056884732,Recommended,245470,10205826,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Schnick,Best Political Strategy Game on Steam
,Recommended,245470,16342655,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sentuis,Great game. Ever wanted to run a goverment in a more realism sense than Civ5. Then this game is for you.
76561198167383901,Recommended,245470,21936084,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,adieffenbach,A game where you can be Donald Trump.10/10 would build a giant wall again.
76561198125557396,Recommended,245470,13615190,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dill-Dickels,"Every time I get no more crime, no more obesedy, fix the economy, no more racial tention, decrease pollution, eradicate poverty, give free healthcare, etc., all on taxing the rich. And every time, I get assassinated. I survived 4 attempts in a row, and was still assassinated.Most accurate America simulator ever. 10/10"
76561198268576337,Recommended,245470,22037757,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,joehiatt8,What a GREAT game. If you have an opinion on how the country should run and think you can do a better job than the lousy politicians that are hold office in your country i recommend this game to you. Highly complex in the way your actions result to popularity this game is sure to have you thinking  and deciding what policies will fly and which will not. Become a popular president or get assassinated haha simple as that. you may have to turn assassinations off until you get a good feel for the game. over all i recommend this game to critical thinkers and those who are not bored with politics but rather find enjoyment in them.
,Recommended,245470,7532396,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Alexander,"This is so my type of game. If you like politics, my god buy this now. It is so basic, but so much fun. I love it. 4/5 ****"
,Recommended,245470,13663404,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Skere Kaan,Cause recession in Germany as the Communist Party. 10/10
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,245470,16269007,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"No matter what you do.Even if you are playing in a country with a passive population.There will be a group that will shoot you to death.""Getting killed by unrest groups simulator"""
76561198030751685,Recommended,245470,21899448,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,bmancos,"Absolutely addicted to this game. Love it!!!I do wish that they would come out with more expansions/updates or a new title, but that's just me. If you love a challenge and a simulation/strategy buff this game is a must have!!!"
,Recommended,245470,21925927,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Geebomb,"Simple yet not so simple, addictive little game which can easily suck you in for hours"
,Recommended,245470,21995600,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Drexelhand,"I've got a love hate relationship with this game.+ Used Pigovian Taxs to decrease effects of negative externalities through economic pressure AND use subsequent revenue to fund programs to further mitigate social problems.- Got assassinated because I angered the 40% of the American population who identify as Socialists, because everyone knows America is full of violent socialists.The balancing of interconnected policies and issues while juggling deficit and debt along with the opinions of various factions is fun, but it does get a lot easier with practice. Once that's mastered there's not much else. Once you crest in a game there ceases to be any real challenge. There aren't many random events either.You can also just eyeball your projected expenses/revenues without having to pay too close of attention to your budget, especially once you start steering your economy in the right direction.For a game called Democracy 3, the election part is awfully minimal and simplistic. Two party parlimentary system for every avaliable country? They're just a number counting cutscene based entirely on current opinions.Would have been interested to get to set some monitary policies just to play with how other economic theories might play out. Would have been interesting to have a fleshed out economy or detailed GDP; just given that you can♥♥♥♥♥♥around with taxes and subsidies without any consequences beyond specific interconnected issues, public opinion, and your budget.Sometimes the political opinion of the developers is hard to ignore, based on which issues are affected by which policies. Eurocentric game is eurocentric. A Keynesian approach to crawling out of a deficit is kinda OP. Come to think of it, you're probably universally at a disadvantage unless you're playing as a socialist/enviornmentalist/atheist.With all it's faults, I still like this game. It's far from perfect, but it's alright.""Yes, I recommend this game, BUT..."" It isn't for everyone.This is a geeky game for geeky geeks. You've got to really love bubbles and arrows. Probably should wait to get it on sale too."
76561198200539873,Recommended,245470,29490492,Posted: 25 January,all,numa68,"Pros:Stable, mature global political simulator with a lot of replay potential.  Tons of developer and community mods, including new countries.  Different countries have different forms of government and different constituents wanting different things.  A very good political resource management simulator!Cons:Minimal graphics might turn off some eyecandy lovers, but those folks are probably not going to like a political simulator anyway.Conclusion:Democracy 3 is a great political simulator that I cannot recommend highly enough!"
,Recommended,245470,25702080,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The spectacular vector,"Okay. First of all people who are saying that the economy keeps crashing and they can't control it etc. are doing it wrong. I've never had any difficulty getting to a balanced budget, high GDP and high income equality fairly quickly.Second of all, people complaining about assasinations- turn them off.Great game 9/10."
,Recommended,245470,9040908,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Strigon,"Even though I have only played this for half an hour, I love this game already. The simulation is fluid and good for creating your own Socialist Metropolis ;)."
76561198035881488,Recommended,245470,18988624,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,jpellejr36,Definetely a game that is funyou run a country implement policies from one extreme to anotherreally fun.found myself playing it from time to time when I want something simplegame does get a bit repetitive
76561198061151641,Recommended,245470,21915023,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,VirginBuster,LOVE IT
,Recommended,245470,14630984,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","You get to run every aspect of the country, while avoiding being assassinated or losing the next poll.The way it does is more of a slider simulation, but it has a ton of replayability (especially with randomizing starts),Don't really have anything negative to say, it's a good game. maybe not worth the full price tag of $25, but it's good."
76561198071276039,Not Recommended,245470,9196564,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Matches,I bought this game being desperate for some good in depth strategy.  I'm thinking Hearts of Iron 3 but political/economy without the whole WW2 thing going on.This game literally takes place on 3 or 4 pull up menus a moderate sized line chart and slide bars.A stand alone game?  Never in a million years.  To believe that I actually bought this breaks my heart.
,Recommended,245470,32070816,Posted: 30 May,all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"I like this game, good but it only simulates lite version of democracy, two party system, only two parties in uk? really?Its more of a multiparty democracy, a lot better than US, however ill still recommend this game, it is not broken and it is pretty fun to play either way anyway"
76561198040996114,Recommended,245470,21957095,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,scrawford65,"This is a game for a very specific demographic. Now that we have that pun out of the way, let's get down to it.Overall, 8/10, with the qualification that you have to be a certain person.A certain person who like planning, forethought, and an entirely menu driven game. Democracy 3 places you in a country of your choosing as the Prime Minster, President, Chancellor, whatever the paper-thin disguise of a real nation calls for. You are then presented with a rather pleasing diagram of all the things harming your country and all the things helping it. Each turn you are afforded a set amount of political capitol, which you can spend to either create new policies, strengthen or destroy existing ones, manipulate taxes or shuffle your cabinet.Some policies cost more than others. It's oftne possible to pass two or three low level policies a turn, but if you want to, say, increase the income tax, that will take more capitol than you generate each turn. So you wait. But each turn demographics shift. Often a national emergency or policy issue arising to cause the shift. You have to make a decision that costs no capitol, on the spot, but which will affect your country and your standing. The end goal of course, is to get re-elected as well as solve your national issues-debt, low standard of living, what have you.That's the game in a nutshell. I liked it, but it isn't for everyone. Buy it if you like charts and long planning."
,Recommended,245470,22017269,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Underfell Flowey7997,*Guess i was just born to rule.
,Recommended,245470,21877699,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,th0ma5,"A very good and interesting political simulation to explore and experiment with but gameplay wise it's not really the most fun or rewarding experience. Recommeded if you are interested in politics, otherwsie you might want to pass or wait for it on sale."
,Recommended,245470,32291136,Posted: 9 June,all,YunusGencer,Good game.
,Recommended,245470,23813640,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Ralphthf,"Fantastic game, I bought it yesterday and have already spent six hours of the night enthusiastically solving Germany's problems after enjoyably failing in my first UK campaign. Would wholeheartedly recommend!"
,Recommended,245470,23814551,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cheetahninja,"I was playing this game, and I got a popup that said I eliminated all crime in my country.When I closed out of the poput I had been gunned down at a rally. Probably anouncing our crime free utopia.A utopia they said.Crime free they said.It'll be fine they said.Ignore those bullet holes they said."
76561198060878551,Recommended,245470,33795149,Posted: 25 July,all,Zombination,"I don't have a whole lot to say about this game; so, I'll let the pros and cons do the talkin'. Enjoy!PROS:*Educational! (In my honest opinion, makes the game replayable)*Challenging!*Smooth gameplay!*Price is not too bad!CON(S):*The mods do not work! Guess what the individual mods are? The missing countries!*Unless one has a screen size of 1600 x 900, don't expect to see the debt and deficit!Steam has given the game a 7/10, and I give it the same also!  If the devs were smart and added ALL countries before the game was released, THEN I would've given the game a better grading (like a 9/10)."
,Recommended,245470,33959422,Posted: 1 August,all,ddwinters45,This a very interesting simulation and is quite fun.
,Recommended,245470,33785683,Posted: 25 July,all,RavinMadd1,"Good time waster. Lots of replayability.Easy to fix the USA budget: legalize drugs, prostition, and gambling, then tax all of them. Something that should be done IRL. Also a flat tax rate around 25%Watch out for those crazy religious and enviromentalists though, one time I was assassinated on the 3rd turn."
76561198282586003,Recommended,245470,33879638,Posted: 29 July,all,Ike5598,Tough as you like it
76561198113045058,Recommended,245470,33883680,Posted: 29 July,all,simon.hampton23,Great game
76561198057076294,Recommended,245470,33910544,Posted: 30 July,all,Gimlarni,Assassinated by a Capitalist with a high tech sniper rifle because I raised corporation tax. RIP me. 10/10
76561198211218901,Recommended,245470,33923314,Posted: 31 July,all,Th0maz,Strongly recommend
76561198103127191,Recommended,245470,33965840,Posted: 2 August,all,moyjj,Better name would be Dictatorship 3 because I would always end up as the only party after 3 elections
76561198116097410,Recommended,245470,34110861,Posted: 8 August,all,Vaginar the Great,"starts first game at 60% diffuculty1st term as an american president:95% of the popular voteCrime is completely wiped outMars mission in full swing50 billion surplus2nd term:America is a one party systemCrime is goneLeagalizeing drugs then putting rediculous pricesPisses off the youth after putting taxes on collages100% of the voteThat wasnt too bad, why dont I do 100% difficulty1st termTeaches evolution onlyPuts taxes on gasoline and carsIs shot by black power.10/10 would be lynched by a mob of minoritys for no reason whatsoever again"
,Recommended,245470,10796939,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grazen,This is an interesting game that I've thouroughly enjoyed. Kudos to the developer for keeping it current with new content. Not particularly well balanced or realistic - but fun to play solo or with a group.
76561197998982818,Recommended,245470,10753207,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Breadsmith,"I put up flags on the street corners. This caused a surge of Extreme Nationalists. In trying to quell the rising racial tensions following, I inadvertently casued immigration to soar, raising the racial tensions further, leading to race riots. Then, a short time later, these new immigrants found themselves living in ghettos. All because I decided to raise a few flags with a bloody mapleleaf on them."
,Recommended,245470,13618892,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sokuaisushi,"Game seems cool, but I cannot continue playing anymore, as I cannot hire any new cabinets.When the game first ran, it crashed and gave me an error saying ""Failed to initialise 3D Engine:.\src\app_game.cpp 233"". The second time it ran, it did so in windowed mode, and everything worked fine until I had to hire a new cabinet.I clicked ""Hire"" and the list it showed me was empty, however upon hovering around I could see some names of invisible cabinets. I couldn't click on these invisible cabinets however.Trying to change the game to Fullscreen after the game has started also causes the game to crash, and gives the same error as the initial startup did. Also I should note here that the Quarterly Report also shows up as blank to me, but clicking around does open up parts of the invisible report.Obviously I am assuming that these errors all have to do with a problem in the 3D Engine they are using for this map, and that these problems are all connected, however it is quite irritating to purchase a game only to have it not work with no help to my problem available online.This is the first Steam Game I have purchased thus far that has crashed/given me game breaking bugs."
76561198031271212,Not Recommended,245470,12462211,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ristar85,"Too simple, and too boring.The political capital idea is lame and limits the player's choices per turn.Wouldnt it be better to have a real Parliament/Congress made up of different AI voting with their own settings on stuff instead of this simplified political capital thing?The ideas for policies are not that great, and it would be better if users can craft their own ideas instead of using cliche presets that everyone already know what's going to happen next.The game does not allow the player to change the money supply type, be it precious metals backed, fractional reserve, zero reserve, or whatever scam somebody can come up with next. Money makes the world go round, and as Mayer Amschel Rothschild once said, ""I care not what puppet is placed upon the throne of England to rule the Empire on which the sun never sets. The man who controls Britain's money supply controls the British Empire, and I control the British money supply"". How a game that tries to simulate the complexity of ruling a country not take this into account is mind boggling.And lets not forget that this game conveniently excludes another important field when it comes to controlling a country: The power to declare wars, sign treaties, and alliances with foreign countries.Like I said, this is too simple and too boring. I bought this game and its DLCs looking for a challenge, but I got bored by child's play instead.Oh yes, and what do you call a group when it is 100% of the population? YES, it's called the ""majority"", not ""minority"". Also, it is damn frustrating to have immigration, and yet the population number does not increase but is REPLACED instead.This makes absolutely no sense."
,Recommended,245470,25326176,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Aidan,"I love Democracy 3, but it is not compatible with Windows 10 yet so I have not been able to play it. Please make it compatible, many other users have had this problem as well."
,Recommended,245470,14886490,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Conboy137,Want a game that allows you to create a communist USA??? Then this game is for you.  12/11.5
,Recommended,245470,16277716,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Ablepsy,It is very funny on how you can ♥♥♥♥ up so much and oh no your dead.
,Not Recommended,245470,16207916,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Junkyard Dawg,it sux♥♥♥♥♥♥ if ur a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ u wuud like it.
,Not Recommended,245470,16124794,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,TheReaper,"An underwhelming experience. Democracy 3 is by no means a bad game, but fell short of expectations for the price of admission, even while slightly discounted."
,Not Recommended,245470,16142143,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,thelegend27,It's just a childish version ofnationstates.com
76561198070841836,Not Recommended,245470,16189668,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Loves2hug,"Very simplistic, and you have to use the lens of the creator to fix any political issue.Overall, I should have saved my money."
,Recommended,245470,23857744,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Raj Mehta,I solved the problem of USA.I made USA socialist.
,Not Recommended,245470,23190007,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,WC5B,"I want to love this game but it has obvious bias built in. Liberalism is automatically measured as positive and Conservatism is automatically measured as negative. I am use to this in all forms of my entertainment as disappointing as it is, but in a game BASED on such idiologies, its just not entertaining."
,Not Recommended,245470,21087378,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,2$hort,No words come to mind on how complex the awfullness really is.
76561198083536833,Not Recommended,245470,9016618,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Censored,"in general I got a sneaky feeling this game is really dangerous for unreflective young people who play it too much and start thinking about logical shortcuts from decision A to result B. Its offering a game design (balance) that represents a truth that just isnt like real life. Be aware this is a game made by people with a certain opinion.Personally I feel like it glorifies modern police and anti-terror agenda with the standard sentences like:""who isnt guitly has nothing to hide"". It has potential to wash your brains. Imagine beeing randomly stopped, investigated and beaten up by bored or career-seeking (stats needing) policemen - it happens more and more! I didnt feel like I could even start the game without rising police and anti-terror levels which is a big, big joke!And regarding the price and the product. Even 50% off (11.50€) was too much for what I got.Although I´m a big fan of this kind of manager games. Highly not recommended, with lack of detail, humour and any sort of surprises - maybe only for 1 school lesson for small kids to get an imagination of what politics have to consider when making decisioins."
76561198049350749,Not Recommended,245470,8413478,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skirlasvoud,"I regret buying this.Its little more than a complicated web of checks and balances, without any of the charm you'd hope for. The achievements are ludicrously easy. In fact, 25% of them are as easy as simply starting with the right nation on day 1.It's a great game for about 5 bucks. 20 is just insane for such a bland toy."
,Recommended,245470,13024339,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Prt,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing not cacuio meate. IT is about a small tsu who just walks around and talks about smaller tsus. He then procedes to spoil every ANIME IN THE WORLD AND THEN ♥♥♥♥ING BANGS ALL OF YOUR IMOUTOSANS AND THEN HE BECOMES A HOOKER. This game is not for the common child, nor should you play it alone becaus then you might learn how to play the guitar slowly, we all know that this game's title is based around the Anime ""Chakishin no Shana"" and we then procede to play that fateful hato called OneeTar and then we then ear.In the end, we dont even need to buy this game for the looks but for the personality. This game is so ♥♥♥♥ign good and real good and then yeah I really wanted to play this game and played it for 3 minutes and came and then I could no bang imoutochan then I came and then I died. Chekomaeto Atheists! xDRate: 2/1 Really good family game and you can sit down and watch anime aswell because it is so rated ARG!"
,Not Recommended,245470,32891848,Posted: 27 June,all,Kim Jong-un,"Very hard and very complicated game with little help from tutorials etc.Democracy and modern government is obviously meant to be diverse, tricky and complex to solve but this (for those who have no experience of government) is insanely difficult to grasp. The game should include more mechanisms to help noobs like me"
,Recommended,245470,10694480,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sponge Platinum,"A government simulator / strategy game that balances fun and realism. Primarily, the goal is to introduce new policies (and manipulate old ones) to appease different voting groups so that you may get elected to another term. Other factors such as the loyalty and effectiveness of your cabinet, as well as natural and economic disasters will affect your party's popularity. Become too extreme in any regard, and that unpopularity may result in your assassination."
76561198089005941,Not Recommended,245470,23371559,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,HSB816,This game looks like a very fun and enjoyable game and one that my family would have enjoyed playing for hours to see who would make a better President but the way this game is set up takes the fun out of it.  After trying for hours and many game plays I never once got reelected.  Now the first few tries were just bad playing on my part but even when I would get my likely voters up to 65% I would still lose and each time it was due to something outside my control like an event that would drop my happiness from 65% to 10% or less always on the last turn before the voting.  This happen with every game after the 1st few tries before I understood the game.  It has become clear that no matter what every time something will drop your approval ratings at the end costing you the game.  I even drop the level to as easy as it would go and still lost due to an event on the last turn.  My family will not want to play a game they already know they will lose in no matter how while they play. If I am missing something please someone write to me and I will edit this review but as of now and until I get reelected at lease once I stand by this review.
,Recommended,245470,29517072,Posted: 27 January,all,FinFangFoom,Extremely fun game. Dont listen to the negative nancys mad about getting shot.
76561198136923368,Not Recommended,245470,13584902,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Vladimir Putin,"Boring,buggy,and confusing."
,Not Recommended,245470,10547970,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Brodsky,Best sleeping simulator out there.
76561198022359293,Not Recommended,245470,29213433,Posted: 12 January,all,id.kuzgun,"Terrible. Do not waste a penny on this.Complex yet unrealistic, tutorial is a joke. Prepare to get assassinated."
76561198104350655,Not Recommended,245470,10325762,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ajclemente1,This game is not worth $30 more like $5
76561197984953336,Not Recommended,245470,8074795,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,deece16,"I was thinking I could fix the US in this sim, but the truth is, you can't get the Economy to grow fast enough, and in my experiance, at all by making big changes, but that's what needs to happen. And for some reason, when your GDP goes up, the homeless goes up, and causes more problems than having your econ grow. This game is a waste of money."
76561197989411033,Not Recommended,245470,13326108,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MAGA-TrumpenKrieger,"Game seems like a PowerPoint presentation made by a Democractic Party student of political science. It throws us into a world with the status quo being one of political correctness with so-called ""nationalist"" types as the bad guys and ""socialists"" as the good guys. Presents an unrealistic approach to politics and sets us on Democrat vs. Republican rails unto the point where the game leads us ultimtately to nowhere. It's like watching CNN political commentary by Jesse Jackson. Terrible waste of money. Don't even buy on sale."
76561198106830909,Recommended,245470,26496180,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Rho,Democracy 3 helped me decide whom should I vote today.10/10 would screw America again.
76561198092809969,Not Recommended,245470,15476861,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,TheReformation,horrific i hate it
76561198050422753,Recommended,245470,15097210,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SHFU,"Long ago, there was a boy. He was ignorant of politics, and his friends laughed at him. But one day, everything changed. The Boy was introduced to.... Democracy 3. This game opened his mind, and soon enough The Boy was not laughed at, but he was laughing at everyone else. He played the game for hours, and soon enough he ruled Germany. Everyone loved him, except for one. The Capitalists. With his Spy Satellite Network, The Boy toiled and worked to make sure he was safe from the mysterious ""Battenburg Group"". He had Armed Police, CCTV Cameras to the max, and Internet Censorship. Soon enough the people hated him. He pleaded to Gaben, ""Save me, SAVE ME!"" But Gaben shook his head and said ""You brought this on yourself. The Boy returned to his PC, and started Democracy 3. After getting a mod for propoganda, he tried to save himself. Soon enough, one of his ministers who was a capitalist sympathizer decided to ""spend more time with family"". The people rebelled. The Boy was assanitated by the Battenburg Group. But he had a backup. Becuase he knew it was only a matter of time before he was killed, the boy downloaded a mod to introduce a ""Dead Hand"" policy. When he died, the world went down with him. 11/10 would plead to Gaben again"
,Recommended,245470,26484664,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,SmallPoxRobot,2 hours in the game and I made my dream socialist Canadian utopia10/10
76561198007708495,Not Recommended,245470,9026786,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,VegasMike,Terrible- if you dont toe a liberal agenda you get knocked off- glad i didnt buy at full price- wish i had not bought at all.
76561198081231532,Not Recommended,245470,8472844,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,mrarbee,"Once you've figured out the mechanics this game is boring as heck. For a simulation, it is unrealistic, monotonous, repetitive, and uninspiring. Time is not a factor in this game i.e. societies don't advance, no new technology appears, no new policy options, no interactions with other countries. The only point in this game is to get re-elected, that's it, game over.I was sold on the idea that it is a very realistic simulation in running a country...verdict, I want my money back!Also, many of the questions you have to decide on during the quarterly report e.g. euthanasia, frakking, whaling, dna, etc. are highly repetitive. How many times do I have to make the same decision for the same bloody thing??Recommend this game? HECK NO! Bloody waste of time and MONEY!"
76561198091903384,Not Recommended,245470,8856632,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,jjbrazil04,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245470,9019047,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Republican Assassin,"I banned abortion, then got assassinated by liberals. 10/10 And for the record dont take away canadians healthcare. that could end in death."
76561198088921908,Not Recommended,245470,8247135,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,szita2000,"I wish I haven't paid 20 euros for this game.Essentially the trailer sold it.Under the hood, it is a carefully balanced excel table, with very little/no graphic.I wouldn't buy it again."
,Not Recommended,245470,8818878,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Pouya,"I played it once and never went back.. Not worth the price, rip off!!! Dont buy.."
,Not Recommended,245470,10256484,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Juicy Jokester,this game is a rip off do not spend ur money on it
,Not Recommended,245470,9577922,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,sparksredux,Not enough game elements for me....
76561198055293994,Not Recommended,245470,9920676,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,☩æther☩,3/10for making me reply
76561198062653983,Recommended,245470,7477384,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,INSANEFIRELOARD,Best simulation game I've ever come in contact with!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!5 starsAAA+++Game designers are even fixing bugs after the fact and tons of mod of other countries and policies have become available
76561198031609682,Not Recommended,245470,9314128,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Patchbay,Don't waste your time and money on this game!!!!!! this game is too scripted. boring!!!!!
,Not Recommended,245470,15827142,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hairy Longflap,I'd prefer to shatter a glass jar in my♥♥♥♥♥than play anymore of this absolute shitheap of a game
76561197974711546,Not Recommended,245470,8060832,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Worf,This game is complete crap.  Why can't someone build a game like this that gives you full control of the U.S. budget?  I want Shadow President one steroids for 2014! I keep buying these government simulator games hoping I will find something even half as fun as Shadow President was.  Never happens.
76561198118981506,Not Recommended,245470,9021697,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dommy Pastrami,I really wanted to like this game since I am a HUGE fan of management/politics/simulator games but it was just way to confusing! Every time I did something like 1 person would like it but the rest wouldn't like it.  Maybe oneday I will like this game but for now I don't think its possible :/
76561198082211664,Not Recommended,245470,7989013,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Robot Duck,doesn't work
76561197991067874,Not Recommended,245470,8747676,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,bspring0045,A really horrible game.  There really is only one way to play and if you do not choose settings you will be assasinated.  Also the cause and effects are not realistic.
76561198052866570,Not Recommended,245470,9210322,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Dante,There is more fun to be had in some facebook games.
,Not Recommended,245470,9024747,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Big Fucking Boner™,"Democracy? More like, Jerk Off the Capitalists or Else You'll Be Shot."" or JOtCoEYBS for short."
76561198029737538,Not Recommended,245470,10050631,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Pungee,"If you're looking for realism, don't buy this game. They tout it as a simulator, but it bears little resemblance to the real world. That's not to say it's a bad game - it isn't. It's just that when I bought this, I was hoping for something that would be a reasonably realistic simulation of policy and politics. It falls far short of that mark. The modding community is pretty dead here on Steam, as well, so you're more or less on your own if you try to fix it up via mods.If you're just looking for something to putter around on it might not be a bad buy, but if you're looking for something hardcore it probably will far short of your expectations."
,Not Recommended,245470,10058877,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,[Jerk] Idles In Lobby,It's basically a skin for a giant spreadsheet.  Rather dull after the first play.
76561198067081953,Not Recommended,245470,15039721,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Klapps,"I can't recommend this game, it is not a realistic simulator.  It's only as good as it's programmed to be and the way it's programmed and even the way it's written is highly pro statist, liberal and socialist.  Have whatever belief you want i the real world, I'm just talking about this video game.  Don't think this game is in any way indicitive of reality, the values changed by the sliders are arbitrarily picked by the programmers and are very pro socialist.  There is nothing to really learn here except that actions can have consiquences, which I hope you already learned before the age of 6.  Not all change in life has to be done at the government level.  In fact pretty much all of it can be done and done more efficiently by many other forces, such as non-profit groups which play a huge role in the real world.  This game doesn't take that into account.Also, assasignation is rampant and way over the top in this game.  The English used is all the queen's english, American english is not accounted for and therefore when playing any country, it's as if you're playing as the UK ministers, etc, everywhere."
,Recommended,245470,25503818,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,kwiksilver344,wow
,Recommended,245470,28595029,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,NanShanker420,this game is called Democracy 3
76561198018607880,Recommended,245470,13570000,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,dheff,im not even sure why i like this game but i do
,Recommended,245470,22462116,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Daddy Hunter,Really regret uninstalling it
,Not Recommended,245470,22293014,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Maxar,Who knew that being a US president could be so fun?...but Oh wait; it isn't.
76561198063731286,Not Recommended,245470,19883339,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,The Spice King,There are no policies regarding free state pies to all those in full time education. A disappointment.
76561198030685674,Recommended,245470,23378032,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Predator,"this game is terrible, i wouldnt reccomend it to anyone, theres no enjoyment to be found in it anywhere.also i wrote this in the style of a politician. So everything i just said is the opposite to what i really think."
76561198022998179,Not Recommended,245470,16327390,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Infostud,I play games to relax. My normal job has a lot of complexity. This game has so many buttons and levers I'm overwhelmed. It needs a beginner version with many fewer levers to get going. Myhttps://youtube.com/watch?v=84cLa_WyxAUis very clever but start with parameters my dog could understand.
,Not Recommended,245470,20471308,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,unironic activia lady,7/10 not enough communismstop evading your taxesnoi want tO TAX YOU
,Recommended,245470,17445942,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Aethelia,♥♥♥♥ing dumbass conservative groups always want to assassinate me just because they want to live in the past while I try to drag them into the future kicking and shooting.So pretty accurate to real life I guess.
,Recommended,245470,24716931,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Sandypants,"I always thought I was quite progressive.The Freedom League disagreed, but their Detention Without Trial ended in The Death Penalty, after being successfully ID'd by Armed Police on the National Monorail, who tracked them with Police Drones after ubiquitous Wire Tapping revealed their complaints.10/10 Would tyranise again."
,Recommended,245470,22568294,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Penguin,I was assasinated by nunsseems legit11/10
76561198122634064,Recommended,245470,31172848,Posted: 16 April,all,KumquatHead,Shows you how complex politics can be and how to screw a big powerful country in just 10 weeks. Recommended by Donald J. Trump.
,Not Recommended,245470,16345620,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jesus in Designer,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO I PLAY??????
76561198024190595,Not Recommended,245470,16298216,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,jowajose,I don't understand what I'm doing. There are no tutorials or anything.
76561198130713180,Recommended,245470,27377310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Foot Activated Liftgate,give me the badge
,Recommended,245470,31267733,Posted: 20 April,all,chizit,it's alright
76561198058299688,Recommended,245470,27676654,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nonagon,time 2 trump trump
,Recommended,245470,13619481,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Arctus,"free healthcare, %90 votes,  free school luches, no discrimination, invested max money into econmy and science, repoayed all debt, health at %100, no poverty, no unemployment, GDP cap reached, paying students to go to collage, no crime, no debts making 50+ billion surplus every quarter, no pollution, reduced co2 emition, low tax......aaaaaand got assassinated by liberals.11/10 would hate liberals again (and they say dark souls is hard)"
76561198145755972,Recommended,245470,24265323,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Loafie493,"The amount of detail and the expanse of what you can do in this game is insane. It can be a bit overwhelming to start, as you might expect when attempting to run a country, but once you get the basics down you are in for hours of tinkering with all the available policies. I do believe the price is bit steep for what it offers so I recommend buying it on sale."
,Recommended,245470,24842440,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,#1 Dad,You get democratically re-elected and instantly assassinated by the people that voted you in.It's close enough to reality!
,Recommended,245470,15418877,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,A game where I'm constantly assassinated by Christians and the Liberals. 10/10
76561198102021408,Not Recommended,245470,15758818,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,torrent of a goose,"how to win your first election in 5 minutes with zero knowledge of game play.1) select the united kingdom2) begin term of office3) do nothing except click on next turn button4) somtimes next turn is not available until you resolve a dilemma...no problem. you will be presented with 2 options. you  don t need to read about the dilemma or think about it. simply choose the first ( top ) option then click next turn.5) continue as above until the election6) you win! congratulations.ps...i forgot to mention the quarterly reports. no problem: ignore them and press ""continue""."
,Recommended,245470,14425390,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Adequate Meatshield,Playing this game makes you realise that Hitler wasn't THAT bad a guy
,Recommended,245470,27871190,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,1stFG | James Brock,If your into Politics this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,245470,16351852,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Mendacious Calamity,"I thought I'd enjoy this, but it's about as boring as being an actual politician. Just a mess of icons, and not really much fun trying to manipulate them."
,Not Recommended,245470,14548672,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,AutonomicGuitar,"This is really the best game of the year 21 out of 10 guys! Wow sarcasm everywhere. If you wanna buy this, just give your money to me because you're wasting it anyway."
,Recommended,245470,32243295,Posted: 7 June,all,Fairzz,"Told Religion to get, gave the rest of the country what it wanted.Won by a landslide...10/10 would play again"
76561198012717206,Not Recommended,245470,12736204,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Stinger,"Just not a fun game. I got assassinated every time i played it. I don't know what to say. It was cheap, but a bad buy for me. I can't recommend this one."
76561198254207872,Not Recommended,245470,32823495,Posted: 26 June,all,Augustines,This game is sound in ideology but terrible in execution. Game would not start for apparently no reason.
76561198049230825,Recommended,245470,32237830,Posted: 7 June,all,[LNG] King Leonidas,Made Germany into National Socalist Germany Got biggest Army on the Earth. fully colonized the moon. and set up Bases on Mars. i get 100% polls all the time. Life is good as The Furher
,Recommended,245470,24984278,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[63e] Shirreff101,"This game is a confusing holy hot mess that will still remain one of my favorite games to date. No game better simulates internal politics than this and you can have some real fun experimenting throughout the game. This is honestly though one of the games you have to play to get a feel for, what I say will either confuse you, not do the game justice or will end up as an even bigger wall of text than my usual reviews.TLDR: Give it a shot. You never know."
,Recommended,245470,14850558,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,ℒoℊo𐌔𐌶Ξғғ,"A nice, simplistic geopolitcal simulation type game, recommend it for ppl interested in politics."
76561198012682302,Not Recommended,245470,33359446,Posted: 7 July,all,btdslayer,"Do you want a gam with all of the fun of a statistical analysis of social dynamics as impacted by purely economic stimuli that isn't realistic enough to be educationl? Yeah, I didn't think so. This game gets a lot of hype but probably shouldn't get your money unless you answered yes to that question."
76561198061075912,Not Recommended,245470,8548574,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,K-Rod,it's borken... it doesn't work.... it stopped working
,Recommended,245470,19957273,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,"Zé, que selvagi - Jrlmjr",THIS GAME IS THE GAME!Some liberals should play this game to see their government structure going to ruins.10/10 What are you waiting for? GO FOR IT!
76561198186872014,Recommended,245470,32685147,Posted: 23 June,all,Janitor Friending Crocodile,Pretty fun game.
,Recommended,245470,8970308,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Theogren temono,A fun little game. politics are solid. very easy to get bored of though. worth a play through
76561198020052964,Recommended,245470,10601373,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tsavonglah,Fun
76561198088340585,Recommended,245470,10180949,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,convalesce2,"No units or buildings in this game, just managing numbers and policies. Different but fun."
,Recommended,245470,10558293,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Literal IRL Serial Arsonist,"Seven games in a row I have managed to pull the nation out of debt, lower crime, raise the GDP, and lower homelessness. Also I never made it to second term because I was always assassinated by capiltaist extremists.ACCURATE 10/10"
76561198130568100,Recommended,245470,11527908,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,antjohn,"Positive: This game should be called The Treasury. Democracy (3) was tedious for many weeks and a friend, who I had gifted it, hasn't been playing it. Interestingly I kept coming back to this game every week or so, playing sometimes for an hour. It is only now, months later that I have really adjusted to the interface, which was at first disorientating because it looked too simple. This was an incorrect observation.: It is only now I realise that the game's structure is not disorientating but incredibly nuanced and attentive to every decision I act upon. Therefore, Democracy (3) lives up to its name of being the ultimate political strategy game. It does not surprise me in the least to know that this game is used in colleges to teach students about what could be best described as 'applied politics'.Negative: You can learn how a political cabinet and headquarters (Downing Street, White House) functions (around The Treasury); but when it comes to less pertinent somewhat flimsy policies I can only learn predictable, somewhat careless results and consequences. For example, allowing Gay Marriage will raise the happiness of the liberals. Although this is politically true, it is not universally true and obvious if looking at the concept of marriage holistically and what it means for your LGBT citizens: conformity, maybe? But this game is not called Philosophy 3.Neutral: Like any good game Democracy (3) allows me to use my imagination - obsessively so. Considering teachers use Democracy in colleges, buying the game for £18.99  suggests you would need a definite interest in politics in the first place, otherwise, you will definitely give up and wish you had bought a known and good game like Rise of Nations instead. How much can this game stimulate interest in politics I don't know, but given its depth and seriousness, it just wouldn't work for gamers of the raid and conquer mentality exclusively.Rate:  It is definitely a 3.5 out of 5 star game and also inspiring because the Democracy series can only get better if it is given the chance. I think Democracy 3 is a big step-up from Democracy 2 and so that leaves me excited for a Democracy 4."
76561198069279250,Recommended,245470,10629092,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Gmar,love it great game. limited relpayability tho..
,Recommended,245470,11539136,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Nforce,Be ruler of the not so free world if you want to win get assasinated by activist groups. 10/10 would play
76561198116384875,Recommended,245470,20570943,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Deadwaste,i played the hitler route and everyone loves me. 100% accurate pls buy
,Not Recommended,245470,31145676,Posted: 14 April,all,BSIncorporated,Randomly stopped working...
,Recommended,245470,8791998,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,lil Joshu,"This is a fairly straightforward yet complex game. One could call it a puzzle game if you ignored the game storyline. In reality, it does a lot more for teaching the interconnectedness of systems in politics, and how things are a massive balancing act.The best kind of teaching tool is the one that's fun, and provides the ability interact with an open world and learn from it, and experiment. This game does just that, and it would probably benefit many politicians to actually play it."
,Not Recommended,245470,15743804,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Random Gamer,It's really confusing at first. The tutorial is kind of all over the place.
,Recommended,245470,9096405,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,themalique010,hello im a big fan of this game its really cool but i have very bad error i bought the game when i get ready to play it on stream it crashes on me right after i get ready to start it closes OUT and says this Invalid Neural Fuction:/src/SIM_Neural Effect . cpp 128PLEASE ANYBODY WHO CAN HELP ME WITH THIS PROMBLEM PLEASE MESSAGE ME THANK YOU !
,Recommended,245470,9303352,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,"Chris, 180IQ genius",Disappointing. Not enough nationalist options. Remove kebab.
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,245470,16498751,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Scribbles,"The game is very simplistic and has a very limited range of things you can actually do. The claim that it is biased toward the left is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t though. For someone to say that they would have to be delusional. It's actually fairly reasonable if it is assumed the framework of neoliberalism is sensible. Outside of that, however, it offers a glib take on economics.I would not buy this if you're looking for a robust political simulator. It limits you to a very layperson sort of sandbox. There's no real ability to explore anything outside of liberalism (not as opposed to conservatism; the broader socioeconmic liberalism in which conservatism exists). Being so confined makes it extremely boring.Pass on this."
,Recommended,245470,29386962,Posted: 20 January,all,JASe,"The only real politics simulation game on the market. The interface is somewhat intimidating at first because of all the bubbles and slides but it is not difficult at all. The hard part is actually winnning. The game (with DLC) offers a large number of policies and stats to help you improve or steer the nation you play as toward the direction you would want it, but the problem is the nonchalant approach to assassinations. You will be assassinated for the smallest reasons and it will get really annoying. Minorities and Conservatives as the biggest threat with this because of aspect of racial tension is almost impossible to fix which leads you to being capped by black people every 8 months. Overall a fun experiment but it can get really annoying with the assassinations."
,Recommended,245470,21914772,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Mr. Pingy,"I'm trying to Make America Great Again and now black people are mobbing up trying to kill me,11/10 Would Donald J Trump again."
,Recommended,245470,21599713,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Colonel Mustang,"Played as America, pumped education and science developement up max. Increased police and jails. Turned income tax to 66% dropped sales tax.Pumped all the 600 billion dollars that was being wasted by useless super rich people into farms and other jobs.Kept up good policies and eliminated crime, unemployment, health risks, poverty and homelessness completely. Ran my country with almost 100% support for two more terms before accidentally stuffing up and ruining my international relations by taking control of third world farms.Pretty good. Got 52% of achievements in 9 hours. There is a fair amount of complexity to the game and you can turn america government liberal very easily just need time. Just don't go too much into subsidies because you get fat people then have to put bills in place to counter obesity at a specific rather than side way.6/10."
,Recommended,245470,27974099,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Holy Maple Syrup Man/Jack,I made America a liberal state then got killedI gave America more rights and got killedI made America a police state 100GDP 100Health 100Education 0Poverty 0Unemplyment 0Crimesometimes I hate this gameonce every blue moonsocialism fails
76561198095804183,Recommended,245470,29441474,Posted: 23 January,all,Disneyforever,Donald Trump Simulator 20179/11 walls
,Not Recommended,245470,30727823,Posted: 25 March,all,Anema86,"The game hates you if you try to implement libertarian policies. How one can repeal drug laws, end state executions, reduce military spending to its lowest possible level, and end up♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off is beyond me. Try it and in just a few turns, approval rating will be 2% and cabinet members will be leaving. That's especially weird because they are clearly *aware* of libertarian positions--even though the game is broken into a conservative/liberal dichotomy. Within that broken, unrealistic dichotomy, though, libertarians come out (as Gary Johnson liked saying) as ""fiscally conservative, socially liberal."" That's an assessment that I reject, but implementing such policies should have resulted in both conservatives and liberals being moderately happy. Instead, both groups simply get angry. I guess that's realistic, because both groups are notoriously unwilling to compromise on anything, but it doesn't make a good game."
,Not Recommended,245470,30674049,Posted: 22 March,all,MackleSmore,"Even if I give them tax breaks and raise the GDP and give them even more tax breaks if they help smaller companies, and I have full security, and full police, the capitalists blow my ♥♥♥♥ing brains out like i'm a cross between Bambi and JFK. If there was a simple option to remove Assaination it would be alot more enjoyable, but even if I get high popularity and a good economy I get gunned down in my prime. (Still good banter)"
,Not Recommended,245470,31907007,Posted: 22 May,all,Kat_CZ,Unable to play the gamespec. i7-4702MQGTX 850M12 GB RAMSSD intel 240 GB
,Recommended,245470,25509378,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ЦРНИ БОМБАРДЕР,Complicated and interesting game.
,Recommended,245470,25715037,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,A Loyal Knight,"Turned Germany Socalist, everyone loves me. Turned Russia Capitalitst, didn't get the chance, got shot on second turn."
76561198121203990,Recommended,245470,20307408,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,arschy,"I made the perfect country, if your a socialist.Long live the CCCP."
,Recommended,245470,20609576,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Apoocalypse,"Do you like flowcharts? No? Then don't buy this game. If you do, have fun turning france into a Theocratic Dicatorship."
,Recommended,245470,24303681,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cesar Millan,Instituted Capital Punishment for minor crime : Lost a few percent of future votesStarted to create a free market economy : Environmentalists and Socialist attempt to assassinate me each term11/10 Would execute for petty theft again
,Recommended,245470,12619390,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Casanova Kurai,"Phenominal. I'm extremely happy I got this game. At first I had a hard time getting to figure it all out but after a few hours of play I learned to utilize everything and had the most fun I have in a while. I started making a habbit of pushing to the hardest difficulties of the game by maxing the difficulty and including every problem possible along with a horrible deficit. Mastering the game was the fun of it all and in the end I learned a lot about the different political views and became far better at managing numbers just by playing this game haha.Some of the other fun things you get to do are the underhanded schemes like making the religious happy everywhere but teaching evolution only in schools which decreases the religous population to zero then going full liberal so there were next to no religious to vote against me.You'll absolutely love this game if you enjoy a good strategic statistical balancing game (there aren't enough of them!). Have FUN, and enjoy the game, I know I did. I'm excited for the fourth and hope they add even MORE complex problem solving!"
,Recommended,245470,10549574,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tom Cruise,i made everyone love the lawd10/10 would theocracy again
,Recommended,245470,26555380,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Titanic21,"Before you buy this, make sure you know what type of game this is. Don´t expect any fascinating 2D- simulation like DEFCON or Plague Inc.; The game itself is boring. Democracy 3 is less entertaining but more educative. There are no cutscenes, there is no story, there aren´t even animations. So if you want to have fun, this is not the game to try. Instead of controlling life-events as you might have expected, you will have to read and wait, a whole lot.Democracy 3 is a complex simulation, confrontating you with one of the most difficult tasks in the World:Leading a state.As easy as it seems, it´s not. Everything you do can have deep consequences, each solution will result in a new problem. There are always tons of things to take care about, simultaneously. As in the real world, nothing works as it should. While you are trying to count as many voters at possible, your whole government can be ruined from one day to annother, just because of one simple aspect you did not think of early enough. There are crises, natural catastrophies, riots, assassinations or even worse things, making it hard for you to develop a solid society. Before I played this, I didn´t ever think of the difficulty beeing president.So, in conclusion I can absolutely recommend Democracy. It´s a well made, realistic simulation. For all, who are interested in politics this is totally worth the price, for some others this could also be interesting when on mass sale, while Hardcore-Gamers or Action-game-players should definately stay away from this, since Democracy 3 hasn´t any gameplay at all.One last thing: When playing Democracy you should be pretty good at speaking english, because the translation isn´t complete. There are a lot of sections, such as the integrated guide, that are only available in english. To the fact this is an educative game, the grammar is pretty advanced and the texts are using uncommon words. If you are new to the game you might not understand the basics, the tutorial is short and reduced to the minimum. That can make it pretty hard for you to be successfull here.I hope this review is helpful,-T21-"
,Recommended,245470,16197538,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,EndUrLifeGelati,"You can play as Germany, the sausage makers, Obama, the sausage eater, or many, many more."
,Recommended,245470,17273922,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,My Boy Meep,"Instituted a flat taxGot assassinated by black people, apparently that's racist.2/10 would play to the dev's political agenda again."
,Recommended,245470,23277246,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Commander 🅱avala,Made the USA a Totalitarian Socialist Regime.11/Bernie Sanders would create the U.S.S.A again.
76561197964328150,Not Recommended,245470,31454208,Posted: 29 April,all,Everest | Perrin,this game is suppose to be about democracy and is should have no bias but is clear that it clearly perfers goverment control more and it has a pretty big bias for goverment control and that really turns me off the game it makes it so theres only one right way to play the game
,Not Recommended,245470,24966687,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Traslogan,"For a third installment in a series, Democracy 3 is a very basic and rather unpolished title.The game is consistent from its predecessors, with very little new mechanics to the game (Rather it's just Democracy 2 with more compatibility and more DLC).However even basic menu items are misaligned, a great deal of in-game text is laden with typos even so long after its release, and a lot of the effects you get are simply absurd (Britain requires major power to change gun laws to be stricter, you are popular enough to win elections in a crime-free nation but you get assassination attempts 4 times a year...)Past all its issues with bugs and polish, the game itself is really quite limited in functionality. If you can actually get a country to function, there's nothing else to do. At all. The game doesn't even upscale anything overtime, you can play for 100 years and your GDP will never surpass a certain limit, your income will never grow, etc.If it's on sale, it can be fun for a few hours, but not really much more."
76561198334252379,Recommended,245470,32659368,Posted: 22 June,all,Silky Rough,"Silky: My political prowess is amazing.Rough: Not really.Hey, this is fun. There's lots of cause and effect policies to work with,  and true to life, most of it works best when not formulated on the run. It's also really good fun annoying the hell out of the Conservatives and religious zealots, as it would be for any atheistic social democrat.But, you know... uggh... Look, I'm not really much into the machinations of politics per se but I have views about my expectations, as we all do about what constitutes a functional society.I just don't think utopian socialism is the only way to go about it. And that's pretty much the only way you can ""win""... or die trying.Good if cheap otherwise sub to Twitter and read all about how not to be ""that guy"".6/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,15042137,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Internalized Oppression,"WARNING this is a joke i actually really like this game. I was disapointed to find out that a game called democracy was not about democracy. Not only did it not feature muslims being targeted by drones and oil being stolen from third world countries and being claimed to be ""planting democracy"" it did not feature key elements of democracy such as: bribes, espionage, lobbying, ♥♥♥♥ing over women, ♥♥♥♥ing over minorities, ♥♥♥♥ing over the eldery, ♥♥♥♥ing over lgbt individuals, ♥♥♥♥ing over any human being that is not a white christian straight american born man without any foriegn accent what so ever, claiming that same sex marriage will lead to our kids getting mega AIDS and our kids becoming gay and people wanting to have sex with cats and dogs and other animals and other made up stuff with """"""""""""""a doctor saying its true"""""""""""", and wall street. 0/10 completley unrealistic."
76561198091599512,Recommended,245470,30335388,Posted: 5 March,all,Vyyrakk,-Plays as Germany-Rebuilds the country as National Socalist (Nazi)-Closed border-Killed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of crime-Save enviorment.-Flipped off the capitalists-Made military stronk asf-Over 80% Popularity10/10 For realism.
76561198005912189,Not Recommended,245470,19949582,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Winterbourne,"bunch of liberal slanted crap in this game, read the achievements... it is embarrassing"
76561198036327604,Not Recommended,245470,10202744,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,loot ninja,"This game is terrible.  World events never change based on your actions.  It's the same set of challenges happening at the same time every single time you play.  Very, very lazy design.  It seems complex and engaging your first couple times through, but loses luster fast.  Stay away."
,Recommended,245470,33102336,Posted: 1 July,all,DogThoseSickEyes,LOL DID THIS FOR A STICKER.
76561198116504804,Recommended,245470,13854631,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,CrustyPooFingers,boobies
,Not Recommended,245470,32704813,Posted: 23 June,all,QB,"Definitely a bias in this game. Played as social democrats for a bit to learn the ropes... picked a lot of policies and made pretty good headway in making everyone at least tolerate the government. Then I wanted to play as ""The Republicans"" against ""Social Democrats""... and immediately the game crashed with an error: ""Failed to find GDP for AirportExpansion,:src\SIM_Neuron.cpp."""
,Not Recommended,245470,26484615,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,hskrpwr9495,overall just way less fun than what I expected... ended up requesting a refund on it
,Not Recommended,245470,10541396,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kestrel,This could have beeb flash game.
,Recommended,245470,7482752,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Effendi,Amazing game :)
76561198068589368,Recommended,245470,7872281,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Rational Thinker,I'm sorry Librals! I was just trying to keep you safe! Don't assassinate m-
,Not Recommended,245470,26491179,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,alopex,Boring and too simple. Graphics could be better.
76561198350947913,Not Recommended,245470,28210452,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Liverpoolmccoy,Very difficult for new players
,Recommended,245470,23513261,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,A Rather Slender Man™,ive ben elected thanks. NOW YOUR ALL SO DRUNK THE ILLUMINATI HAS TAKEN OVER
,Recommended,245470,8965305,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,a guy named victoria,"Not worth the 23 Euros I spent. Fun game, but it gets really boring really fast. Buy it on a sale if anything. Recommended if you want to be a neo-nazistic dictator."
76561198060853591,Not Recommended,245470,9886936,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Gukku,i thaught this game was a civ builder where youre the mayor or something. this game is about polatics and a bit confuseing if you dont pay mutch attention to that sort of thing.
,Not Recommended,245470,8154810,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,austin_l91,"I honestly thought I was going to love this game! But, I honestly just couldn't understand how the game was layed out or how certain things affected others. Now, I know this isn't all the games fault. And I know lots of other people love this game. I just couldn't get into it because of the interface."
76561198105896035,Recommended,245470,32779304,Posted: 25 June,all,Unflinching Anthropophobic,Best political sim to date.
,Not Recommended,245470,16523229,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Whinelikebears,Repetitive and otherwise boring. I would'nt recommend this game to anyone. (Except for future Presidents)
,Not Recommended,245470,32307677,Posted: 9 June,all,kaiosb,Just boring!
,Recommended,245470,17765142,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Human,"Extremely in-depth game that can become even more in-depth if you install just one of the hundreds of available mods. Well-polished, realistic, and overall fun; all three of these are usually missing from these kinds of games, but Democracy 3 has the ideal game *locked down*.Sometimes, though, the interface feelstoopolished. One example is the screen transition, which seems like an overdone Adobe Flash animation. But really, if that's the only problem with this game, there is not much to be complaining about. 9/10"
76561198035503015,Not Recommended,245470,25875492,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,kalif333,"Do not buy ! another game with broken DCL, the last one (Democracy 3: Electioneering	) totaly mess up your game with a perpetual 0 voters..... And do not expect for support.... for me is a thief of 5 bucks with the last DCL... I will buy no more games on the Steam platform as I will not be reimbursed."
,Not Recommended,245470,16358908,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Womse Tomse,"Great game, great idea. I just don't see why a game like this should be on Steam. Therefore, I will say2/10 wouldn't buy."
76561198000879704,Not Recommended,245470,13309006,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,timey-wimey dangleberry,I would rather take an animal crotch to the face whilst a midget stomps on my testicles than play any more of this game
,Recommended,245470,18353519,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,< Matthew >,That awkward moment when you're a better politicion than Trump.
76561198007193088,Not Recommended,245470,12866672,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Æinar,"I bought Democracy 3 because I am very interested in politics.  The game runs smoothly and has a vide variety of ways that you can change your country.  My problem with the game is that some pf the implementations have the opposite effect that they should, for instance...since when has implementing a tariff on imports made capitalists happy?"
,Not Recommended,245470,13028132,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Wellington,"Too difficult to really enjoy.  Nice concept but without changing the difficulty slider you'll just be 'lucky' to win an election.  Nothing to do with political skill, which is a shame."
,Recommended,245470,10785239,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pronkers,10/10 however I keep getting assasinated by the religious mother ♥♥♥♥ers. Needs option to wipe out all religious people in Nation.
76561198089684063,Recommended,245470,25177129,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Lemon,"Got assasinated like 6 times by Capitalist, and 4 times by Librals untill I figured out that I can turn it off in settings.10/10"
,Recommended,245470,26323350,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Hrschonemann,First game: Got killed by religious fractions - hate them.Second game: Got killed by capitalists - hate them.Next mission: Get to the election!Recommended!
76561197991349005,Not Recommended,245470,22787189,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gablamy,no so cool
76561198052401940,Not Recommended,245470,17606480,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Celethiel,"It's unrealistic...1 for instance the United States does Not, nationally have a sales tax, but in this game it does... most western nations have an anti-descrimination law on the books, or at the least, the U.S. does, they've had it for longer than i've been alive and i am in my 30s, and yet in the game you have to indroduce it.2 It's almost impossible to win on normal mode without doing things like horribly and artificially jacking your tax rates, while removing your biggest spendings. the United States was in debt with more spending than billing, for a fairly long time...in real life, the only reason it's credit rating slipped is because it almost refused to forward those debts.3. on Normal No one wants to vote for you at the beginning of the game, if this was the case, you'd have never gotten elected in the first place, this is after all ""a democracy."" what were you appointed by a miracious god....4. different countries call their cabinet different things... in the United States it's called Secretary, in England it's called MinisterI got the distinct feeling that either A. the person who created this knows nothing about how governments or democracy's work and specific ones that aren't part of their country in particular.. or B. they have Balance issues that need adjusted badly.What does this say that of all the horrible games i have played this is the First one that I've not recommened?"
76561198167206238,Not Recommended,245470,34717225,Posted: 3 September,all,nathanwayne13,"Keeps crashing, paid $50 for a game I cannot play!"
76561198006933199,Not Recommended,245470,34180531,Posted: 11 August,all,Akim,"What a waste of money.First off, the entertainment factor is REALLY low. Press buttons and icons, but it is really quite boring. Maybe if you find math or programming exciting, but for anyone normal, who enjoys playing a game, this is just a waste of time.And then the my approval rate dropped to 0%, even when Germany had no crime, no unemployement, no debt and I was essentially a miracle Chancellor! I mean, this must be seriously bugged, because if that is supposed to be like that, it is just plain stupid. I had bought it for a few Euros when it was cheap, but I still regret to have bought this. Total borefest and even when it works, it is bugged and makes no sense. Also: the game is heavily politically biased."
,Not Recommended,245470,34980321,Posted: 15 September,all,BroccoliCarmichael,"This game is awful. Completely awful. It looks deep and involved, with lots of replayability. But it's awful. It crashes within 15 turns EVERY single game! And what is the community solution for the crash? Disable all mods and DLC. Wait What?! So, the only way to play the game is pure vanilla? What's the point?! But I'm game, so I'll disable all mods and DLC. Nope, still crashes before turn 15. It's complete garbage, and Steam should refund the purchase price to all customers who have this problem.If it didn't crash EVERY SINGLE TIME I PLAY IT, I think I'd really enjoy it."
76561198004748304,Recommended,245470,32242343,Posted: 7 June,all,mark,.
76561198018972611,Recommended,245470,25471294,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nil,This game should be @ schools.
,Not Recommended,245470,23874813,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fattimus76,"At this time, I can not recommend this game. The only way I would recommend this game is if you happen to enjoy analyzing statistics in your spare time. The user interface basically consists of information compiled by category. Unless you have a good idea of what you hope to accomplish in office and can combine that with the scenario presented at the time of your election, you'll be lost. On a side note, there isn't much information on how to play the game. The documentation provided acts as a glossary for the terms used, but does nothing to point you in the direction of actual gameplay.3 out of 10"
76561198216707109,Not Recommended,245470,26633483,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Krakus Aurelius,on the surface it looks very promising. but after a few hours it becomes very shallow.also this game has a heavy liberal bias. playing with USA is impossible without beingassassinated by the ooga booga dindu nuffins...
76561198262177228,Not Recommended,245470,28121612,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,feys-glenn,"hey, i buyt this game for losing some off my spare time, but i have a problem its dont lauch try ervey thing i can think about but notting"
76561197971218600,Not Recommended,245470,12849348,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"There was a web based version of this game over fourteen years ago. I can't remember the name but it was basically make X number of decisions on bills or laws that would pop up for vote. It was fun for a while, but then got really boring because the strategy was funnelled. Meaning if you duplicated your picks every time you'd end up at the same result. It really isn't random and the choices are limited.3/10 stars because it is OK to pass time but I wouldn't buy it for more than $5."
76561198024113946,Not Recommended,245470,7777408,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Maharthain,Trailer is better than the actuall game.
76561198008497882,Not Recommended,245470,33850547,Posted: 28 July,all,Gibberish,Ehh more like Communism 3.
,Not Recommended,245470,29750865,Posted: 6 February,all,signed by my mom,rarely will start up but i like playing it.
76561197962290171,Not Recommended,245470,10548204,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Swass,"This game seemed like it would be fun.  Unfortunately, it appears that the game developers had neither a political background nor an economic one.  Policies that are clearly pro-growth have the opposite effect on the economy.  You can have groups that clearly favor your policies and yet you poll near zero.   They even throw in creation vs evolution, and you seem to take a hit from an education and science perspective for favoring creation.  It is almost like the developers had a certain political world view that they used to construct the came, rather than researching and inverviewing people with backgrounds in those areas.  What is unfortunate is that I would never be able to get my money back for this purchase, even though it was on sale."
76561198112368890,Not Recommended,245470,32825909,Posted: 26 June,all,King Eggy,"Seems like a really cool game, sucks that it crashes immediately whenever I try to start a new game."
,Not Recommended,245470,13557942,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Ice Snake,i havent played alot of this game but so far it looks like crap
,Recommended,245470,24024956,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lacksi,"There isnt really any endgame to it and once you have been elected two times, you pretty much won the game already... I recommend waiting for the next sale..."
76561198027428325,Not Recommended,245470,32338029,Posted: 11 June,all,CodingCat,"boring, not worth the price"
,Not Recommended,245470,21305844,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Mr. Weaver,Hillary Clinton wasn't a playable character which was very disappointing.
,Not Recommended,245470,22753874,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,bowendmoran,This game was so liberally swayed in its politics that it is a complete farce.
76561197996780598,Not Recommended,245470,18868139,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Agamemnus,"I am giving this a red thumb because the developers can't afford to 1st grade grammar check their text.""it actively encourages ITS members"", not ""it actively encourage it's members"".Dummies."
,Not Recommended,245470,12793332,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Kanna-Gumi,A very dissapointing spreadsheet simulator
,Recommended,245470,27890924,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,max,u should really release the soundtrack
76561198100902097,Not Recommended,245470,17592110,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Oi actually love this band,you can be brian cowenn. not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonarrr. disgusting
76561198054218185,Not Recommended,245470,32231322,Posted: 6 June,all,Le chat est noir,"Just wasnt what I expected. It seems way too complex, with some connections that dont really make sense. Ah, and everytime you try to do something, someone tries to kill you..."
76561198042098646,Not Recommended,245470,31610218,Posted: 7 May,all,Cracker0825,"Doesn't work. Game starts, and either immediately crashes or crashes after trying to start a new game. Tried troubleshooting, nothing has helped."
76561198007864699,Not Recommended,245470,30093933,Posted: 21 February,all,lumilar,"The game launches, but whenever I start a new game it crashes. Tried reinstalling and that didn't solve the problem. Unplayable, avoid this game at all costs, 0/10."
,Not Recommended,245470,30885394,Posted: 1 April,all,ThOmAs,Meh.
,Not Recommended,245470,30663636,Posted: 21 March,all,Nateries,IS BAD
76561198104361263,Recommended,245470,21938189,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"I genuinely enjoy trying to solve a country's problems in Democracy 3. I've only played a few hours with the DLC and from what I've seen, it adds more challenges and problems to plan for and solve. I love how much depth there is to this game. Making sure I balance everyone's wants with what the country actually needs is an immense challenge I'm not even sure how to begin to summarize in a review. Instead I'll try to just summarize my favorite playstyle. It's worked with pretty good success for me most of the time.I like to support technology and education as much as possible. I legalize all the drugs and maximize police funding while raising taxes on alcohol, gas, and tobacco. I raised taxes for the wealthy and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off a lot of conservatives and drove the religious people out of my country with all my antireligion and protechnology policies. I made the environment a major priority and funded as many alternative energy and transportation technologies as i could. I made many modifications to the ""free market"" that boosted small business and forced larger companies to treat their employees extremely well and make sure nobody pollutes. Capitalists, religious folk, conservatives, and the wealthy all disliked me immensely, but since they were such a small portion of the population, it never lowered my popularity in the polls by that much. There were definitely stretches where i was losing an obnoxious amount of money each turn, but always towards the end, things would level out and my country would start making money and eventually build itself out of it's big debt pit it started in. My biggest problem was always the world economy. No matter what country I picked (and some countries were MUCH harder for me than others-AMERICA-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ nation is more like it) I always suffered from the world economy. It seemed like every couple of turns there was a global economic meltdown. I don't know if it had something to do with my foreign policies or was a randomized event or what, but I always wondered why the global economy melted down so much while I was running things. Haha-hopefully it's not MY fault.Anyway, if you wanna try your hand at running a country and think you've got what it takes, definitely-DEFINITELY check this game out."
,Not Recommended,245470,33779471,Posted: 24 July,all,Grab them by the Terryfold,WTF. so unreal.
,Not Recommended,245470,13432253,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Boring. Lets you have a ""Right vs Left"" type politics system with NO other parties. A lot of the laws and stuff you can pass are lacking. This game really, really, really needs a lot more depth."
,Recommended,245470,29476874,Posted: 24 January,all,donmakles,"The game is a simplified version of ""Masters of the World - Geopolitical Simulator 3"". It's for political illiterates who are too blind of their political ideologies and just want to rule a country under a ""democracy."" Perfect game for progressive libtards and SJW snowflakes to finally pass the laws that really matters to their fantasies. Perfect for greedy right wingers and conservative snowflakes to finally pass the laws that really matters to their fantasies as well.Killarytards. Drumpftards. Bernie. Farage. Merkel. Putin. The janitor down the hall. Your neighbor's cat. Your mother in-law. HARAMBE. Doesn't matter. This game is for you. Although, expect some neo-liberal bias from the game system.“Freedom is not defined by safety. Freedom is defined by the ability of citizens to live without government interference. Government cannot create a world without risks, nor would we really wish to live in such a fictional place. Only a totalitarian society would even claim absolute safety as a worthy ideal, because it would require total state control over its citizens’ lives. Liberty has meaning only if we still believe in it when terrible things happen and a false government security blanket beckons.” ~Ron Paul“We don’t create governments just so we can have a government. We create government to secure individual rights.” ~Austin Petersen"
76561198074250949,Recommended,245470,25826522,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JHON THOR EAT LOW TECH,Its a good game
76561198010940071,Not Recommended,245470,25868124,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kenny,"Did not like it, gave it a try a couple of times but it doesn't do it for me. I'm a huge simulation game fan but this one is made for mad men."
,Not Recommended,245470,29424529,Posted: 22 January,all,The Void Unknown,This game will show you why democracy is a mistake
76561198347858009,Recommended,245470,32696976,Posted: 23 June,all,Tom,"Dear,SomeoneThis game is sh*t and, good well because I say this is because it's like your the fu*king king and, you have to fu*king fill out about 100 tax papers each day. I think if you gave this game to a child he will say WTF is this sh*t. 3/5 StarsFrom,A Jew"
76561198033012632,Not Recommended,245470,33144344,Posted: 2 July,all,LeRoy,Meh
,Recommended,245470,19885272,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,lettland88,"ok I guess, got Latvia mod and ♥♥♥♥ed it all over"
,Not Recommended,245470,23315431,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Dwerrow,"Do everything I can to get out of the bottom left corner of the political graph, still get assassinated by capitalists.  0/10 I'm not a liberal come on."
76561198042399843,Not Recommended,245470,32743447,Posted: 24 June,all,BekahStill,"I would love this game if not for one reason. Every time I try to improve technology and science, I end up accidentally erradicating religion. I get that it's a stereotype, but seriously? Not cool."
,Not Recommended,245470,23274298,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Capt. Pottypie,Played on 200% difficulty with 100% liberal and socialism as a 500% bonafide conservative capitalist.Still didn't get assassinated.0/10.
,Not Recommended,245470,13595506,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Ben Harris,All the action-packed fun of sitting in a cubicle adjusting spreadsheets.  A must buy!
76561198118033675,Not Recommended,245470,29936135,Posted: 14 February,all,Can't Stump the trump,Not fun
,Not Recommended,245470,32212215,Posted: 5 June,all,Urall,Assassination simulator 3. Pass maternity leave? Assassinated.
,Not Recommended,245470,10209823,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Quickshooter,"wanted to get assasinted? well go play this gameif you play like a true leader-rich people will kill youif you play this game like a nazi -poor/fanatics will kill yougame is good, but seriously how come that 28 battenberg members are enough to kill you?i was running on a surplus of 14 Bn Nis and some greedy capitalist hired an assassin to kill me just for taxing Co2 emossions by 17%!this is insane, i should've putted money into the police and investigation stuff but come on!that is not how you get killed when you're doing a great service"
76561198103075863,Not Recommended,245470,26590952,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Boss Jawbreaka,garbage
76561198044731830,Not Recommended,245470,25841128,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,F.B.I Special Agent Dale Cooper,Waiting on the doctor/listening to your mother-in law/pooping at work simulator... there are better games for you to buy
76561198122594404,Not Recommended,245470,9686142,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,animeawesomefreak,"I was only 15 minutes in when I noticed I couldn't see the whole screen on Democracy 3, so I went to settings and saw 1920x1080. After I clicked it I could only see the top-left corner of the game and had no clue how to change these settings anymore. It was a complete waste of money!"
76561198079270648,Not Recommended,245470,32244675,Posted: 7 June,all,Mega,"It's trash. Anything but communism doesn't work. Everything is maxed out and perfect except you're 100 trillion pounds in debt. SUKA ♥♥♥♥♥T! You get an assassination attept every second, but you're police is OP because communism. The game doesn't really hinder you even though you have more debt than Greece.Wat, £18.99? Bargain."
76561198389920430,Not Recommended,245470,32640462,Posted: 22 June,all,fwoomm,not accurate and shallow
76561198060694465,Not Recommended,245470,32691536,Posted: 23 June,all,G_Heavy_Arms,This game is way too complciated. One action can lead to a butterfly affect that causes many other unrelated side effects that make the game stupidly difficult. The game practically forces you into making a  police state for 70% of your term and then cutting all taxes and appeasing everyone for the other 30%.
76561198150278941,Recommended,245470,26487092,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[MKN] Thunder,Good game.
,Not Recommended,245470,13951633,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,"Your Old Chapter Master, Kyras",Far too much going on and the starting situations are terrible.
,Not Recommended,245470,12804301,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,LoyaltY,Cheap games ain't ♥♥♥♥. Add here Fate of the World too.
,Not Recommended,245470,14877239,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,cuckhead speedrunner,autistic leftist simulator
,Not Recommended,245470,7604727,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,&ben,"♥♥♥♥♥game, waste of money."
76561198014647522,Not Recommended,245470,29658131,Posted: 2 February,all,Chazman401,Cant wage war or build a wall....0/10
,Not Recommended,245470,25805212,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ba Boracus,"Would be a great fun Policy simulator, if the devs hadnt hamfisted global warming into it."
,Not Recommended,245470,27762183,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SomeGuyWhoHasAnUnoriginalName,I'll leave you with this picture.http://i.imgur.com/wun3NAc.png
,Recommended,245470,26496234,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Creamy Tomato,Accidentally banned homosexuality10/10 would execute all gays again
,Not Recommended,245470,33374240,Posted: 8 July,all,one True Demopan,"It's crap, everything about it is awful"
76561198007104508,Not Recommended,245470,26608243,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,aksel888,Boring!!!!!
76561198374484964,Not Recommended,245470,33994668,Posted: 3 August,all,kukunaokala666,This game sucks♥♥♥♥♥ it doesn't fricken work! don't waste your money or time buying this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,245470,19789432,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,the hollywood hootsman,boring
76561198115476803,Not Recommended,245470,23872683,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ιωάννης Μεταξάς,"It worked twice stopped working afterward.I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥In my error log.24/6/2016 - 22::27 - First run crash detected, switching to windowed mod automagically24/6/2016 - 22::27 - D3DERR_DEVICELOST24/6/2016 - 22::27 - CreateDevice24/6/2016 - 22::27 - D3DERR_DEVICELOST24/6/2016 - 22::27 - CreateDevice failed again24/6/2016 - 22::27 - Failed to initialise 3D Engine:src\app_game.cpp 254Never worked afterward.So I refunded it!My 10.19 Dollers was not worth it."
,Recommended,245470,26485538,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,lEafEs,get it
76561198123347412,Not Recommended,245470,32045837,Posted: 29 May,all,Rico Dandeles,i dont understand how to play this game
76561198026741736,Not Recommended,245470,23872135,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Pathfinder19381,Bought 5 minutes ago...running fx8350/r9 380/16gbload application...click play......read a few tutorial pages....click arrow to start...fatal error....rince repeat x4....uninstalled
,Recommended,245470,26452341,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,OJensen,"民主制度3 是一个精妙的游戏，提供政治、传播、统计和市场调研等各方面的知识。我写信给开发者赞美了这款游戏，并且提出了中文版的愿望，开发者表示中文版正在制作中。a splendor but subtle game with knowledge about politics, communication, statistics and marketing.这个游戏多少能给我们理解民主政治一些帮助。help us get closer with democracy.比如，我的感受是：-民意比政治抱负重要，我的理想是小政府大市场，低税收刺激经济，低政府福利促进社会福利事业，但有时候不得不先放弃政治抱负，否则你会刺杀，或者你只能待一个任期。-民意有时候也可以不听，他们或许一时反对，但如果真的对他们的生活有利，他们总会在未来支持你。-有些阶层投票率底，真的可以不听他们这个阶层的声音。所以，至少在游戏展现的民主制度中投票是个好东西。Via this game, I feel.-Public opinions sometimes value more than your ideal social bluepritings, you must learn to compromise-However, you have to insist your own stand, even you may feel people's bad malice to you, they will be grateful when they actually benefit from your decisions!-Go to vote, cherish your rights, citizens! I, a Chinese, envy your system which may be imperfect.缺点是，-两党制不符合现状（虽然英美都是两党，但在实际政治生活中，其他党派仍然有重要作用，在英国更加明显，而且很多国家都不是两党制。）-简单多数决，很多国家的国家领袖都并非简单多数决来决定的，比如美国，就是选举人制度。-反对党存在感低-数值简单相关，导致玩套路，可玩性不够（打了选举的DLC之后好一些，金主对政策路线有一定影响）Cons-Two-party system is too simple, actually a democracy state have many parties.-Simple majority vote, actually many country ,for example, USA have the Electoral College-Opposition party is invisible, they will not harm your governing.-Simple number relations, lack of playability (Electioneering DLC can fix it a little)但如果实现真实的政治模拟，恐怕不太可能。人是政治的动物，但AI不是，如果AI有天真的理解了政治，那么他们就是人了。不错的科普游戏，另外如果你对统计学和市场调研感兴趣，这个游戏也可以给你带来一些启发。However, as our human's democracy is imperfect, this game can and must be imperfect. I wish it can be better and more real-like but it is never the reality. As Aristotle said, The HUMAN BEING is an Innate political animal, AI is not, if they are real political animal, we may face real problem.(LOL)After all, I prefer this game!8.5/10"
76561198067615902,Recommended,245470,26463153,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mitch Aldron,Trump policies are OP
,Not Recommended,245470,26478999,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The State of Florida,"game wont register my clicks.. sometimes i just get in a menu and I cant click entirely, running at 1920x1080 windowed, windows 8"
,Not Recommended,245470,18267126,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hensley💦,"I'm gonna put my 4 years of Political Science degree into something useful.If you are looking for something that will challenge your abilities to balance policy without getting yourself killed, this is a 'game' for you.If you are looking for some sort of government simulator, this is not that. There are no interests groups, only assassination groups. There is no congress, supreme court, federalism, anything. In the european countries, there is no Parliament. Just put yourself into the position of a dictator whom was somehow elected with 1 percent approval rating and try to kiss as many asses as possible without getting assassinated.Did I mention that 90 percent of the time your game will end with you being assassinated?"
76561197994690907,Not Recommended,245470,26480281,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,LaserTOEZ,So complicated and boring
76561198045453649,Not Recommended,245470,32052379,Posted: 29 May,all,doskido,"A game that was so obviously made by leftists that it hurts.This game is so stupid and liberally idealstic.  All you do is read innacurate speculation that would crash and burn if applied in the real world and move sliders.Everything you change has completely subjective consequences, and some of it just makes no sense.Maybe if you pleasure yourself to the sound of NPR and think Bernie Sanders is a prophet, you'd like this game.♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197971863588,Not Recommended,245470,25484630,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Jonasbridgous,"This inaccurate game basically makes you be a socialist, lest you get assassinated by a ""far right free-market libertarian"", as if they actually existed.The only ones who do the assassinating in real life are the Commies/Socialists/Maoists, et al.Inaccurate."
,Not Recommended,245470,26192829,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,☭Communist Tornado Gordo☭,Dont buy
76561198276570462,Not Recommended,245470,32239981,Posted: 7 June,all,DeepPoseidon,LOL WHAT A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DEVELOPER You can tell he's still a virgin
,Not Recommended,245470,26469180,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,NorthKat,"I found Democracy 3 to be incredibly boring.  There was nothing built into it to keep me engaged and interested (the threat of assassination might be enough for some players, I found it exasperating).  Playing it felt like work.  I tend to enjoy games that are asthetically pleasing, and Democracy 3 was lacking even in that respect.  It's a game of numbers, nothing else.I was very much looking forward to playing Decmocray 3 before I got it, so much so that a friend bought it for me as a gift.  I tried really hard to like it, it just wasn't for me."
,Not Recommended,245470,31644832,Posted: 9 May,all,richierich,dvbawrgfdsbhers
,Recommended,245470,10119765,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,RnRollie,"Everythime i play this, i've ""always remember the 5th of november"" playing in my head... yet, i always seem to end up with a totalitarian regime.. i wonder why?  Maybe that is the inevitable result if you start listening to the small minded but very vocal pressure groups and forget about what is in the best interest of the nation.There are no big reform pushes in this sim, unlees you want to get voted out of office, or just plain assasinated.  It's difficult, nuanced, ... tiny subtle changes will get you where you want to go.You can now prove you can do a better job as those currently in power.Recommendedl'etat, c'est moi.PS: i assume with the new extremism add-on, the chance to arrive at totalitarian is even bigger.. at least for me :)"
76561198109207777,Recommended,245470,10122198,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Tikieagle7,"You are Kevin Spacy, minus Congress"
,Recommended,245470,10155094,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Warthyme,"I created a world with no crime, poverty, or sickness only to be assassinated by extremists! I really enjoy this game, takes some time to wrap your head around how it all works but once you do you'll be slashing budgets and instituting new policies like a champ. Some of the choices show the devs political leanings (but not all) but to get such a clear view of the complexities invloved in running a country is extraordinary. I feel like this should be on school computers the way Oregon Trail was back in the day."
,Recommended,245470,10481043,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Shakespearen,"I just beat this game and it was perfect: perfect education, close to 0 unemployment, perfect health, average GDP, 0 crime due to community policing and equality, and no policies I didn't agree with. So satisfying, especially after countless assasinations by extremist religious groups.The one thing is that the debt crisis was nerfed since D2. While automatically losing after going over the debt ceiling was frustrating and limiting, it did create an interesting balancing act."
,Recommended,245470,10167602,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Scuzzlebutt#99Cooking#99Fishing,"Not a bad game overall. At times it can be a bit ridiculous & in some cases it even feels like it's a bit biased but eh, overall it's a decent game, & I don't know of many political sim. games that're this good."
,Recommended,245470,10180563,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Tarkus on Tarkus,"The best political simulator out there. I bought this game for full price and have no regrets. If you've ever scratched your head about how a country runs with legalized prostitution and no gun laws, Democracy 3 will show you. Since the game has no goal you can just screw with the law. Run the nation the way you would personally or like Dr. Doom, it makes no difference (until you get assassinated)."
76561198011443947,Recommended,245470,10183504,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Jukes of Hazzard,"I was a hard working president.  I had removed debt from the nation, the people loved me i had a 60% approval rating, raised the GOP immensly, while increasing education and lowering crime.  Yet, somehow through some ridiculous plot.  I was assassinated.  What kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is this."
76561198002425216,Recommended,245470,10185861,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Canadabot,"Being Assassinated by Socialists Simulator 2014.1: Hmm, maybe I should try eliminating most taxes; cancelling all laws regarding drugs, prostitution, and abortion; and slowly privatizing most government services. The economy gradually improves, most crime problems disappear. A horde of unemployed government workers immediately become socialists, storm the capital, and murder me. ""My name is Bureaucrat, you made me get a real job, prepare to die!""2: Okay, maybe I should try that again, but institute a basic income guarantee and invest in small businesses. Great economy, no crime, no poverty. Socialists storm the capital, buy guns from the gun stores I invested in with their guaranteed income, and murder me. ""You give me $2,000 a month just to breathe. But you aren't oppressing the people enough. Die capitalist pig-dog!""3: Okay, fine. Start fresh. Let's just eliminate any government policy based on violence. That leaves . . . nothing. Okay, I am now an unemployed man sitting in a large marble building. I guess I'll go get a job. Oops, I seem to have been beaten to death by a thousand Socialists. ""How DARE you stop using violence. Die, pacifist scum!"""
,Recommended,245470,10195727,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,kdBolds,nice
,Recommended,245470,10325234,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Killersharpshot,intresting 8/10
76561198012882196,Recommended,245470,10349831,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,AdgeTheVaj,"98% in the election, because ♥♥♥♥ you, David Cameron, you pan-faced♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,245470,10293892,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FM Fanático,"Very predictable and very easy,no challenge at all"
76561198081687637,Recommended,245470,8669100,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lord_Debacho,Political mayhem and class warfare. Nothing gets better than this.
,Recommended,245470,8546822,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,was_fired,"My only major complaint about Democracy 3 is that the factions are a bit too assassination happy, but this can largely be addressed by moving slowly and trying to balance out your actions, which when you get down to it is exactly how real politics works... minus a dodged bullet every three months for two years straight."
76561198106256636,Recommended,245470,8516329,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Galaxypen,"If your are interested in politics, this game is for you. This one of the best simulation and strategic games ever. You will learn many things from this game. You will start with 6 different countries(USA,Germany,France,UK,Canada and Australia) plus modes too from workshop. Don't just look at metascore rating, which is wrong in my oppinion. This is one of my favorite games and i will give it  9.5/10"
76561198038324670,Recommended,245470,8612992,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,animeluver13,"The ministers system is wacked.  I had religious people and conservatives loving me, yet a minister that was labeled as religious and conservative with loyalty as low as it could go.  And when I look at possible ministers there are people who should hate me that have very high loyalty.  How exactly am I supposed to have ministers stay and be productive if the people who should love me hate me and the people who should hate me love me?  I had to disable the political capital system to be able to get anything done because I /couldn't/ increase the maximum enough to be able to do the policies I needed to!If you're able to work with the political capital system off [from what I can tell it slows you down so you don't♥♥♥♥♥♥off people too fast and get yourself killed] it's a pretty good game.  There are some other wacky things, though.  Like when you ban guns, it's the /liberals/ who are upset.  Where I come from, it's conservatives that want everyone to have guns.  They've got the liberals hating any government intervention.  I think they confused liberals and libertarians."
,Recommended,245470,8633696,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ardkor,"It's a good game, fun and innovative.For short stints in office to do a turn around it works well.  Biggest criticism is that it's too limited in the long run. After upteen landslide victories with everyone ultra happy, all events seen, fanatically loyal highly effective cabinet, GDP surplus even in the depths of a gloabl recession, there's not much else to it.   Would like to see greater complexity, more events for longer play and some progression; it's challenging in the early stages (assassinated on first two tries) - once you work out how to grow your GDP and succeed in doing so the rest is pretty easy.Bring on the mods!"
,Recommended,245470,7675258,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Textunes,"Great game, hard at first but once you learn how to play it's fun."
,Recommended,245470,7390692,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Ignus,I am the voice of the People! The hand of justice! I crush all opposition and enforce mandatory paid maternity leave and generous public spending. TREMBLE BEFORE ME.
,Recommended,245470,8266799,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Wololo,An incredible government simulation that gives you a real idea of the challenges of running a government. I've thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this game I've played and I'll be sure to put many more hours into the game as time goes on.
76561198028750532,Recommended,245470,8268211,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shiwacca42,"My god, could this game be any more addicting? I mean you go in thinking, ""oh some political simulation, this'll entertain me for a few minutes, but i bet i'll find some huge flaw or it'll be too easy and I'll hate it eventually"" but then after you've been elected for the 3rd time or (more likely) assassinated because you can't handle the awesome complexity of the nation you had to lead, you realize that this game is the real deal.TL;DR 10/10 would buy again and again and again"
76561197986180382,Recommended,245470,8280884,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,genius695,"Fun game, can't really make drastic changes unless you lead the country for decades. The politics preferred by the game seem to be liberal (from an American (US) perspective), but that's fine by me, just a warning for those with more conservative leanings."
76561198093882072,Recommended,245470,8276367,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,JWooders1996,"I really liked this game.  Had great fun trying, without succeding, to turn USA into a Communist State on the hardest difficulty.  Darn Capitalists."
,Recommended,245470,7542926,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Cinderella,So much fun!
,Recommended,245470,8129295,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Johnny Ringo,"I bought this game thinking ""oh man, I bet I will be awesome at being a nations leader!! It cant be that crazy hard."" Man, I was wrong. This game will put you through the ringer."
76561197987355680,Recommended,245470,8180817,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Awnedion,"Fun at first, but easy to find an easy win pattern."
76561198041623625,Recommended,245470,10237358,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Permeithal,"The first time you play, you will butcher your country horribly.It will still look better than what Barack is doing."
76561198103960593,Recommended,245470,10240273,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,ccondescending,"Fun game, lots to do with mods"
,Recommended,245470,10246998,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Jessmeow,The best Spreadsheet game i've ever played.
76561198079410134,Recommended,245470,7505744,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Bruce Lee,This is one of the best games i've played for a while. It is very challenging and complex but also really fun as well.
76561198030718851,Not Recommended,245470,9915391,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,adamblain,"This game is nuanced and can be challenging, but there's no hook.  I find myself struggling to care if my green bars get a little longer and my red bars get a little shorter.  It plays out about as fun as a highly polished spreadsheet."
76561198113013262,Recommended,245470,9781448,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,LucasofMother3,"at first i thoght NO! but then i relazied how the creativety was very good so i chaged my mind, but the only problem is that its to easy to get assainated so careful guys"
76561198130709814,Recommended,245470,9670788,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Teddy O,Really good
,Recommended,245470,7610570,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,machinegunnar,"Surprising amount of fun.Ever wanted a criminal free Canada, here we go :P"
76561198048998729,Recommended,245470,9734467,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Who's Your Shaddy?,"Democracy 3 is fun for a distinct group of people. If you are a politico and enjoy civic studies democracy 3 will tailor toyou increadibly well. However, if you do not have this inclination towards the workings of the government the game can leave a lot to be desired."
,Recommended,245470,9542595,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,The Mexican Scotsman,"Overall this game is a pretty impressive simulation and its great fun to play. The USA is probably the best nation if you are looking for a realsitic game but the others all all pretty good too. If anything it is slightly overpriced, cost me £18, whcih isn't so bad but you do expect a bit more for your money. Overall the game is pretty decent but the price seriously lets it down."
,Recommended,245470,9620229,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Farmer Kearns,"I like sliders. no, i reallllllly like sliders. I don't think you understand how much i like sliders."
,Recommended,245470,9598936,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Lynx,"This game has a horribly unrealistic socialist slant in how some things affect others and certain other unrealistic qualities, but nothing a few mods (available on the Steam Workshop) can't cure.I still recommend it because it is actually quite the fun game in spite of my complaints, I definitely recommend it. Check out TotalBiscuit's WTF Is... Democracy 3? video on YouTube to give you the general idea of whether or not you'd like it.+1 for Linux support."
,Not Recommended,245470,9083453,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KombatWombat,"Not a game i would suggest anyone buy. Even on sale, the game just doesn't make much sense to purchase.  Arbitrary decisions using currency to make people like/dislike you.  3/10"
76561198039378403,Not Recommended,245470,9085649,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,PhobiaDHS,"At any price over $10, this game is not worth it. I got a solid 8 hours of play out of it before I had officially ruined the game for myself by figuring it out. I played for hours beyond the 8 trying ever so hard to make it difficult again. It never worked.The problem with this game is that there is a formula for every action. Once you figure that formula out, it isn't fun anymore. It would have been a great addition to something that is a little more grand strategy like but as it is now, it is a rather dull flop.Really a shame. I wanted to like this game."
,Recommended,245470,9189494,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Skymea,"Fantastic simulator. While it is easy to ""win"" its good to see how you can change whatever you want."
,Recommended,245470,9178137,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Gregor the Goblin Shark,"An interesting political sim, if a little thin on top: 8/10"
,Recommended,245470,9495920,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DJ Sandals,"Good idea but the problem about this game is that it's a game.  Once the strategy is worked out it becomes a bit too easy and predictable.  Also very limited in policies, for instance I would've liked something like mining tax or one-child policy, and the way they interact could be improved (for instance car usage isn't a problem anymore once clean fuels etc have taken over).  In agreeance with most of the other reviews, it's a decent game but certainly not worth $25."
,Recommended,245470,9496949,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Datkoi69,Got this when it was on sale and decided to try it and apparently I have saved america from crime and have made the people happy. As a beginner never pick America just try Germany or UK since they are easier but after I played with this for a while I tried America and Im better than Obama. 9/10 You should really try this.
,Not Recommended,245470,9363860,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,darkmoose,"A re-hash its predecessor. Not worth the money, it literally is the same game published twice with a different number next to it. Shameful."
,Not Recommended,245470,9368930,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,kikibrowning,"it's more like showing that you'd be the worst president ever, more like a lesson that nobody can be president than a game to enjoy"
76561198091181450,Recommended,245470,9368998,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SirLagsalot,"I greatly enjoy this game, except for those damn crashes that happen randomly."
,Recommended,245470,9371662,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Matt Lott,War by other means indeed...
76561198003887051,Recommended,245470,9367270,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,RYatesMU,"If your main complaint about the world is that there isn't a fourth C-SPAN channel, you should go ahead and pick this up.  If, however, you are less enamored with the art of the possible, you may wish to pass (or at least wait until it goes on sale).The game does an excellent job playing on its main theme - the interconnected nature of government decisions.  You cut funding for public schools to help make up some of the deficit, but then unemployment goes up as a result, lowering GDP and eventually tax revenue, further increasing your deficit.  Almost every decision has second or third order impacts that you need to consider before acting.While the start of the game was fun and challenging, I found my enjoyment of each individual playthrough tapering off after an election or two.  You generally start off with a diverse electorate in a nation facing a host of problems.  But if you're able to make it past the first few years and handle those initial obstacles, you can effectively sit back and accept your role as president for life (unless you're playing as a nation with term limits).  In part, this is due to the game's mechanic that allows you to shape the electorate.  For example, if you fund religious schools, more people enter the religious faction, who in turn like the fact that you're funding religious schools - a virtuous (or vicious) cycle that ensures your perpetual rule.I bought Democracy 3 on sale for $12.50 and got about eight entertaining hours out of it.  At roughly $1.50 per hour, I found it to be a pretty good payoff, but your mileage may vary."
76561197973804480,Recommended,245470,9297936,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,SexySpaghetti,"I do like the game and I like that its unique but it's just too simple. You have control only as long as you balance everyone. In games like these, people want to play the game how they want, and having a disgruntled group assassinate you is a little much. If you opress someone then their membership should fall. You should be able to persecute them. I don't understand how a country with a surpluss of 80 Billion dollars can be killed by environmentalists regardless of how much public order I have. This also isn't just a complaint because I don't feel it would be able to happen in life. It's a complaint because the game uses assissination as a guiding tool to force you to deal with everyone in a fair manner, or lose the game."
,Recommended,245470,9302221,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,KUNGFUFUMAN,I will recomend this game but only because it's a good game to kill a few hours/mins. It's a good game runs well. The only problem I have with it is there seems to be no way to prevent assassinations within the game. It'll tell you hey there is a extremist group called ______ watchout. With no tips on how to prevent assassinations or make the situation better. Especially since this is my first democracy game and don't really know how this system works.
,Recommended,245470,9196238,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,BabyBoss,Wanna be the Special One!!! Just Play it!!!
,Not Recommended,245470,10773394,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Anthony,"As I understand it, this game is more about experimenting with differrent types of ideologies. You can set two different ideologies against each other. After a while this game feels monotonous. You are getting the same threats from exteremists and you will have to adept and this is repeating. After 2 hours in the game I got killed by extremists and I had to start over again. I can't really see any point to start a new game because what else is there?"
76561198009849368,Not Recommended,245470,10774073,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,raccoonrebels,I really did not enjoy this. It was absolutely incomprehensible what was going on or why.
,Not Recommended,245470,10775304,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Budeholly,It was fun at first.. but this game is very easy. It became repetitive after just a few hours of living in a utopian society.
76561198003333932,Recommended,245470,10775631,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Alkasyn,"Not a bad game, I can recommend getting it on a sale, otherwise it is too expensive for what it offers,"
76561198082473969,Recommended,245470,10776386,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Simon Arr,"Very nice game and quite addictive. I loved creating a socialist paradise, a capitalist utopia and a police state. Also great workshop content."
76561197966976873,Recommended,245470,10779059,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Magu,"It's a fun game, but I would only buy it if you're very interested in politics. It's a very niche sim."
,Recommended,245470,10766338,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gary Johnson,First play through was amazing!  Slightly challenging really keeps you interested with the events and changes.
,Recommended,245470,10766550,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,PVS Jeff,"Lots of moving parts, but makes it interesting. Turns out I would actually be a pretty good leader (assuming you're not religious or a capitalist)...OK maybe I won't go into politics yet.Only issue I had was figuring out which of the status I was supposed to try lowering versus raising; Green isn't always good. Once I got it: Clear sailing."
,Recommended,245470,10767459,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,somnolentsurfer,My GDP is crashing like the Hindenburg because my nation is a technological backwater; but I don't have the political capital to stop teaching creationism in schools. Five out of five.
76561198017283063,Not Recommended,245470,10776489,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nolr,It's not as fun as I thought...
76561198127025643,Recommended,245470,10782561,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,scav238,This is a very challenging game that will turn any extremist into a moderate.  Everything affects everything.  Running a country is not as easy as you might think.  I definitely recommend this game for anyone who enjoys politics.
76561198044003623,Recommended,245470,10783123,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,homewith4,I was assassinated by Liberals. 10/10This game is great..!!!
76561198105208542,Recommended,245470,10783277,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kyle,I was assassinated on turn 4 after elimnating all policy 10/10
,Recommended,245470,10784445,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BBSangelofdeath,Was killed multible times by a radical group of super rich.... 10/10
,Recommended,245470,10784518,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Vilnth,"I found myself much confused by how many Americans seemed to be for mandatory military service.Game is very deep and even with a very pleasing GUI featuring many lines of relation, it's not always apparent how your choices will impact your playthrough."
,Recommended,245470,10850725,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pingu,"Hated by the religious and capitalists... Sounds about right.The game offers a pretty good simulation of politics, and does keep attention for a long period of time.Worth getting it during the sale."
76561198067170473,Recommended,245470,10850855,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Long Dong Silver,This is a very very very good game! I do highly recormend it!The economy in this game is a bit unrealistic but there are mods to fix that. I have bought all the DLC's to this game and they all add something to the game.There is not endgame however. In my own personal expeinace i play as a capitialist and and i end up making a lot of money and getting everyone to vote for me and this is a  never ending cycle. There are natural disasters but there are only a limited amount of political disasters which are easily fixed and reaccuring.The positives of this game is that dispite the economy not being that realistic and the social engineering DLC didnt add as many campeighns to change the mind of the voter as i would have liked this still one of the best and most realistic political simulators on the market and anyone who enjoys this genre should pick this game up.
,Recommended,245470,10851658,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ThePulP,Really good polotical simulator
76561198013676055,Recommended,245470,10854616,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Franco Saxon,"Got assassinated by Canadian Religious Fanatics. But seriously, this game can be too easy in some circumstances but can be realy challenging and fun in others."
76561198087969879,Not Recommended,245470,10856810,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ignites,"Nope, pass on this one..."
,Recommended,245470,10589249,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Adaxus,"While this game is actually pretty fun for the first few hours, it gets quite repetitive as the scenarios keep repeating themselves over and over again, regardless of the number of times you already approved a ban on fracking.  Once you're able to balance out your GDP so that it's not overly affected by the global market crashing every 10 or so turns (which is about 1 minute worth of speed clicking waiting for something to happen), the game gets pretty stale, as nothing new and unusual ever throws you into a state of flux anymore.  In my opinion, only buy this game if it's on sale."
,Recommended,245470,10589285,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Malkers,Be the benevolent dictator you always wanted to be.
,Recommended,245470,10589405,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,LIME,"Made a liberal state, all but ousted religion in just over a year only to be assassinated by angry Christians. 12/10 fulfilled my lust for power."
76561198072943598,Recommended,245470,10589737,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FatalGimp,As others have said it is entertaining for a little while. Wouldn't pay full price though. Although it has lots of options to choose from the results are always pretty much the same. As a result it gets boring after a little while.
76561198042497720,Recommended,245470,10589964,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,LukeCO,"There are not many games like this one. It is really something different, certainly not a mainstream strategy game.It gives you a little bit of insight on the politics of various countries (although it could certainly use a much variable palette) and it puts you behind the decision making process of the highest level. I really do believe that this game can teach many people something new about how governments, elections, economies or political parties work. The responsibilty and possible consequences of your actions dropping on your people really feels ""authentic"", although all you see is just numbers and graphs.But keep in mind that it may get quite repetitive in some time, you basically just solve every situation with moving various sliders representing various ""units"". And sometimes it can be really frustrating that you can deal with some problem that would under different circumstances would not matter and everything could be much easier only if you'd have enough support from your ministers or your budget could cover it.There are also several mods so far, that can make scenarios even more unpredicatble and challenging and that is certainly a big plus.And one more thing - this game is 100 % NOT worth 23€. Bought it on Summer Sale for around 8€ (which I think is quite OK). DLCs for 5€ are IMO also hugely overpriced, I'm not going to buy them until they drop to at least 1€ per each."
76561198045816505,Recommended,245470,10590727,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CanadianBaconism,"Prime Minister of Canada , Me, got Assassinated by Christian Extremists, Best Game Ever!"
,Not Recommended,245470,10591590,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kronyklos,"An interesting game at first, but it then descends into almost repeating everything you did last quarter. It doesn't help when it crashes every time you try to progress also. Oh, and almost every time I did progress without it crashing, I was assassinated by Liberals."
76561198135868000,Not Recommended,245470,10592345,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Joseph Goebbels,its like king kong ♥♥♥♥♥ flipin ya with sandels on
76561197981435949,Not Recommended,245470,10593121,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sir Chiveshallot,"I got five hours of enjoyment out of the game, so it was probably worth the $8 on steam sale.  However it lacks long term appeal and in-depth mechanics.  You quickly learn how to deal with most situations so it becomes incredibly easy to guide any situation towards a success political outcome.  Random events and policy decisions are also highly repetitive, even within the same game.It's not a bad game, it just has limited replayability."
76561198018504727,Recommended,245470,10595036,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kantell13,Having fun.
76561198137656235,Recommended,245470,10733078,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,KumbhaKhan,"I guess my positive views for the socialists and the liberals makes the capitalists unhappy, i keep getting assassinated by people in suits.. I still love this game though9/10"
76561198008158568,Recommended,245470,10735222,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,grand-lethal,"A very basic game with a simple user interface, however there are plenty of options for you to select while playing to modify your chosen country as you wish either towards a socialist paradise or a fascist police state, the choice is yours."
76561198045740775,Recommended,245470,10759868,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Pizz,Good Fun! Can be a challange at times but that also makes it rewarding
76561198035663837,Not Recommended,245470,10765422,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Voltage,"nationstates.netis a better government simulator, and it's free. This game was a complete waste of my time and money."
,Recommended,245470,10754743,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Donald2424,One of the best games to pass time when bored.
,Recommended,245470,10756181,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LiuChooTrain,The greatest political simulator I've encountered so far... good luck saving the US!
,Recommended,245470,10756207,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Frannyman,"A very complex game, with a very simple layout.  There aren't too many appealing graphics in this game, but the actual gameplay is pretty fun.  Trying to find a balance between building up your economy, reducing crime, eliminating poverty, and making sure your citizens are all happy and healthy without going broke is quite challenging and fun."
,Recommended,245470,10743879,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jerome Dards,Game can be confusing and it's pretty hard to not get assassinated.
,Recommended,245470,10747507,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dr. Doofenshmirtz [NL],Cool game
,Recommended,245470,11200916,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,VeroMagnifico,"Democracy 3 is a splendid game, that is in its essence hardly a game as it feels more like a policy simulator. However, it is a very extensive and amusing policy simulator.So what is the game about? In Democracy 3 you pick a country of your own choosing and become the president of its freshly elected government. Your task is to manage your country any way you see fit. Want to create a socialist utopia? You can do it, comrade. More enchanted by the prospects of a unlimited free market with limited government intervention? Go and cancel all those nasty free market deterring subsidies. However, none of these actions is without consequences and if you want to get re-elected you will need to keep all segments of society happy (well at least a bit happy, if you do not want to be assassinated by a motorist group because you thought it was fun to ban cars from cities). To do this you have an array of policies available which you can micromanage via sliders depending on how widespread a policy should be. If you introduce CCTV cameras in your country you can choose to have them “at every corner” (hello,1984) or you can have them placed at only known crime spots. The choice is yours.The core of the game thus focusses around balancing sliders to get those extra voters or that extra amount of tax revenue without having an open revolt. This aspect of the game can be perceived by some people as negative since the game largely revolves around spreadsheets and sliders and does not visually communicate the effects of your policies. Literally everything is presented through either text, symbols or graphs. Therefore, this game is not for those who want to be shown the effects of policies in a visual manner such as other games – like SimCity – do.Therefore, my advice is that if you always wanted to know what it feels like to manage a modern democracy then this game is just for you. However, if you dislike spreadsheets and enjoy a game that is more visual in communicating the effects of your policies then this game might not be for you. And if you are really not certain then you can always wait and pick this game up when it is on sale: it is certainly worth a try."
,Not Recommended,245470,10597826,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,dracoling,Got bored rather quickly. Fun if you like spreadsheet sims I guess. Disappointing.
,Not Recommended,245470,10598693,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,m00shu,This is a game?
76561198035719640,Recommended,245470,10583084,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Freedom,"Very cool if you're into statistics and the idea of running a government. It you like thinking everything out well before you make a move this game is for you. There is no ""right"" decision."
76561197970343741,Not Recommended,245470,10583371,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,theotherdude321,"If you pander to the voters, the game is too easy. If you try to stick to a particular philosophy, you end up getting assassinated. Even on sale, I don't think this is worth the money."
,Recommended,245470,10583731,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TehKracken,"This political simulator is so massively detailed that it may seem intimidating to a beginner, but set aside the daunting appearance and see that this game has bounds of fun and thought provoking content. All of the policies, issues, and statistics are laid out very well, even with the huge amount of them. The game allows you to run a government exactly as you would like to. From prostitution and illicit drugs to space programs and particle accelerators, this game has everything you'd ever hope to control as a leader."
,Recommended,245470,10584717,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Veroh,A fun time killer if a bit shallow in it's gameplay. Mastery of basic skills and management quickly equates to mastery of the game as a whole.  While that may seem negative it is fun while it lasts and shows good potential; The DLC could easily solve these problems.
,Recommended,245470,10586479,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Comrade Jezza Corbyn,yes
,Recommended,245470,10587424,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Seoltang,"I played as the USA. As soon as I implemented reasonable, humanitarian policies and gained the approval of the populace, I was assassinated by capitalists. So yeah, pretty realistic."
,Recommended,245470,10587817,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kalrach,I bring the country into prosperity and I get assassinated for it 11/10
76561198066771940,Recommended,245470,10588525,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pummelweed1352,I absolutely love this game.Highly recommended for those who love stock market/politics games.
,Recommended,245470,10552017,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Pain Whale,Accidentally angered off a group of extremists and was assassinated.10/10
,Recommended,245470,10611137,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,(SOP) Heretic Hero,"Democracy 3 is a handy tool for anyone following Economics or Politics, but players should not interpret the game as an accurate representation of certain policies. For instance, if you have the strictest border controls but your economy is performing ridiculously well, you can end up with 80% of the population being 1st gen migrants. But if your off to oxbridge and powermad this game is as close as your going to get to the real thing."
76561198024814214,Recommended,245470,10612480,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CHAS.au,Interesting game...different style from anything I have played before. There are quite a few mods out there for it soooo hopefully it gets more interesting!
,Recommended,245470,10612697,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KeYeR,Really interesting game. The interface is nice and simple - you don't need to spend hours to learn it. On the other hand the game itself is really complex. Many factors that are important and interacting among eachother. So many ways you can go with this game. So much factors you need to consider.The graphics are nice and smoothe. Lots of good humour too.
,Recommended,245470,10616825,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mighty_Orange,"Played for 2 hours, shot in the head twice.[10/10]In all seriousness, the game is amazing, ridiculous amounts of fun, and well worth the price."
76561198095238368,Recommended,245470,10011282,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,vlad the non impaler,one of best casual govement sim out there but very easy I suggest that you download a mod to make it a little bit harder and more funny
,Recommended,245470,9100357,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,pangzter,Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,245470,9101128,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,^2The^9Vif,Democracy is a great game for everyone with political interests. The fact that its easy to mod makes the game even better. That simple design and low system requirements is also a plus.
,Recommended,245470,9102874,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Duhe98,Great little game if you're into that kind of thing.
76561198080603274,Recommended,245470,9103950,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,spainishsethrogan,A decent political simulator
,Not Recommended,245470,12156064,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Atomic|Rebo Valence,I'm going to have to stop making the mistake of buying games from these guys.  Redshirt and Democracy both are largely just games where you stare at a menu and gain little from the experience.  That's a really heavy price tag for a game that's ultimately very shallow as far as management games go.
,Recommended,245470,11972910,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Yoshit,It is a very good game but repeats itself after playing some hours with the same country.
,Recommended,245470,11887299,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Raunien1,"Overall a fantastic game, although I'm finding it impossible to run america without being assassinated by some group which the polls say are quite happy with me..."
,Recommended,245470,12058568,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Gibby From Seinfeld,I like it but its not for everyone....Its fun to go back to now and then
76561197990314751,Recommended,245470,12062464,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Rashkavar,"Excellent game, but I think I  broke Canada.  My population is now 100% in the following categories: Socialist, Patriot, Liberal, Environmentalist, State Employee, and Farmer.  Just goes to show what you can do when you're an effective governor in a system that actually works.  (I've also solved the debt crisis, and eliminated crime, unemployment and poverty - health and education levels are at all time highs, and GPD is only not there because the rest of the world is going down the toilet and thus not buying superior Canadian farm resources...and ran a space station level space program for almost 15 years.  Because there's lots of work for my state farmers in space.)  I also have a maximally funded patriotic army.  Given that they're all farmers, I'm assuming my military uses chemical weapons delivered by the crop-duster corps and launches ground assaults with combines to sort things out.Did I mention that I somehow turned the entirety of Canada to farmers?  Maybe all those robots I've been building have been put to work as my police force.PS: I also noticed that at one point I had eliminated the minority populations, so  I repealed a couple of the anti-racism laws.  Now, my population is ~95 ""visible minority"""
,Recommended,245470,11880387,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,MartinTheHoff,This is an awesome game!!!! Great for anyone interested in society and politics.
76561198033875047,Recommended,245470,11856101,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Erhard Eckmann,The only place in the world where compulsary work for the unemployed and Welfare Fraud Dept. exist.
76561198038213265,Recommended,245470,11852600,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,gerelgruber,"This is a pretty decent strategy game for the price, but the options do seem limited the longer you last. Some of the mods add to the game with additional counties etc. Not a bad game."
,Not Recommended,245470,7471941,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Princess Riikka,"Recommend no one buys this unless it's on sale for like $3. Very thin, no polish, approximately no replay value."
76561198180950510,Recommended,245470,19237423,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,sesamecrabmeat,"Help. I always get the same problem. Everytime:Failed to find SecretCourts for Csec,:src\SIM_Neuron.cpp 348Otherwise, the last time I got it to work, i.e. 12 months ago, it was awesome!"
,Recommended,245470,19206277,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Hael the Okay,"After a while, the game gets kind of boring and you end up in the same scenarios. It's not worth $25, but good to get when it's on sale like I did.What I liked about the game was the depth. It took me a good amount of time before I was bored. The depth though is pretty accurate of a democratic government like it was modeled to be. It is overall an enjoyable game, but for those that like strategy and politics. One of the most threatening issues is debt. It's really hard to overcome and the steps to get out of it is unrealistic in comparison to real life. I liked being able to run different countries that all had different presets and such.Overall though, I enjoyed this game and it was actually kind of educational to me in a way. It was like a small, yet better understanding of politics, stupid, right? Lol"
76561198161288579,Not Recommended,245470,19150405,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Darkmatter2528,0 out of ten
76561198254378383,Recommended,245470,19144146,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Strusani,Funny games to spend 3 hours
,Not Recommended,245470,19168487,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,DMZoldar,"I thought this game was difficult, and I really tried to understand and enjoy it. Then I realized that it's wrong balanced and that its dynamics are not complex, they are absurd.Its graphical interface are just tables, graphs and spreadsheets, I knew that before it, it looked like a serious franchise benefiting a simulation engine to provide real political simulator over any graphics or gameplay trivialities.But I was totally wrong.- Practically you don't have something like a secret service or bodyguards because all the time you are assassinated, even by religious groups.- No bribes, everyday thing in real politics.- There is also no corporate lobying, basically capitalists bothered by every step you take as president.- There is no such thing as the media, no TV, no newspapers, no social networks... anything that is useful to improve your image as a politician.- Foreign policy is absurd, it's about only foolish decisions you have to accept or refuse.- You're supposed to be in a political party but this is just a display label on your suit, there is no true partisan mechanisms where these support you or you lean them to accomplish tasks.- Ministers have no reason to be, they don't add anything to the game and all the time leave the office.In short, games that aren't political simulators (Civ V, Cities XL) have more similarity to the actual policy that this absurd title and waste of money."
76561198119825915,Recommended,245470,17674622,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Bongfu420,"If you like graphs, charts, slide bars, percentages and politics, this game is for you."
76561198139774384,Not Recommended,245470,19117650,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Andrew,A overly complicated game that looks exiting at first.
76561198043015324,Recommended,245470,13150093,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,That asshole,"This game isn't a bad game, don't take me wrong. Still, it is not developing - the gameplay just keeps going in circles. There is no enough impact of the world on the country, because of which this game is also annoyingly easy. It takes about an hour to get to know the whole interface and when you do, then suddenly the game cannot throw anything hard at you anymore. Still I have to say, that I've played a few hour and it was well spend time, I feel like I know a lot more about what politicians have to face every day. Anyway, I guess it's more good than bad all in all."
,Recommended,245470,19264673,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,WanderingFreely,Surprisingly amusing.   Many of the achievements easy to achieve....balancing the budget and keeping in power a little less so
,Recommended,245470,19138123,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,KanielOutis,
,Recommended,245470,19129070,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Nik,"A nicely done political game! Not that much replayability, but for the asking price it's at least enjoyable."
,Recommended,245470,18904223,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Le Voyageur,"I bought this game on sale and I'm very happy about it. If this is your kind of game, you wouldn't mind buying its full price. However, the DLCs are overprice; only buy them on sale!I saw some users complain about the game is too liberal. Well, in my first hours, I always made Socialist policies and the only country I couldn't survive was the US. Despite some assassination attempts, I was doing fine in Germany, UK, and France (alive and reelected).Now I'm looking forward to the game's expansion. I hope things would be very different when we play African countries. For example, you should implement some policies before unlocking more. It seems possible to research anything in countries of the vanilla game, but you should build high-quality research centers before anything in developing countries.And I think the game so far is too ""peaceful"" when it comes to foreign relationship. Yes, there is a Refugee Crisis event, but it's just a tiny part of the gameplay. I want more dilemmas that affect the gameplay, inspired by what actually happened in African countries. More importantly, it should be presented from their perspectives (Accept Farmland Acquisition? Accept Loan Offer?). High hopes, indeed."
76561198138327402,Recommended,245470,18736938,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,apexrocker,"Fun, educational and with a lot of variety. However, this game is an aquired taste. This is a game of status reports, decision making with a little cause and effect. You also have to manage money and happiness within your country. Not sure if I would pay full price for it, if I could do it again. While you have a few countries to choose from and lots of policies (especially with the DLC), you find yourself bored in the sessions at times because the gameplay is static screens. While I can live with this, at times the game becomes too liberal at base value. This game was clearly made with liberal intent instead of an unbias one. I say this because citizens become violent and angry at the slightest conservative policies. However, most of the time, liberal policies meet little resistance or strange niche violence.This game, is like my review, all over the place. It's fun and a bit educational but this is macro-politics at best. I recommend this game to anyone because it really is fun to have the power and gives different perspectives from many political alignments. But this game could be way more than what it is. I'll continue to support this series because I see this concept going somewhere in the independent market."
,Recommended,245470,18811755,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Forehead,Great Game
76561198004230891,Recommended,245470,18965270,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Smug Pug,"Made it so evolution was only taught in schools, religious people hated me. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,10587856,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CHINA SUCKS,a great game but can get pretty easy just by focusing on techonolgy and by not focusing on particular groups and after a while of a high gdp rating you can pretty much kick out groups that hate your party though the space program and after a while they all wont care i mean after my 4th relection the other party had 0 member and i had 95% of the vote.and policys are sometimes too generic i think more leaning towards the manaic dictator who wants too see what everyone is doing instead of the person trying to be the next FDR all in all ok but not a outstanding achievement in a democracy game.However after a patch the game constantly crashes after alt tabbing and i cannot load saves.And apperantly according to the discussions on steam many others are having the same problem.I cannot reccomend a game i cannot even play.
,Recommended,245470,18966130,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Nack,"It's good, buy it"
,Recommended,245470,18991479,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Purest,How does politics work for Dummies! 10/10
76561198140339790,Recommended,245470,18944231,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,DeadWords4,"The first play through I focused far too much on clean energy, the environment, and advanced technology and I lost the re-election. Because apparently people didn't like having clean air to breathe, no pollution, and being the most technologically advanced country in the world. You know, even though I was spending twice as much as I was making.The second play through I focused too much on the economy, GDP, and eliminating debt. Apparently people didn't like that and started joining gangs and mobs. I ramped up the police force to compensate for this, seeking a long term solution, when I was assassinated. By a group of extremist liberals. They'd rather have high crime than a secure police force. This time the income was greater than the expenditure, so I at least had that. And a couple pounds of C4. I used to have an everything. Then I was dust, dust in the wind. Sad face. Saaad face.This game is brutal. This game is unloving, and hates you. This game laughs at your petty politics. This game is great.Buy it.Just. Buy. It."
76561198131397531,Not Recommended,245470,18952356,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,marc.hansen96,"Boring, Complicated"
,Recommended,245470,19083166,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Calico TC,>Start out as Germany>Filled with crime and conservatives>Gay Marriage outlawed>Guns legal10/10 Would follow realism again
,Not Recommended,245470,10719939,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Neph,"I was pretty excited to play this, thinking it was going to be like Excel: the game, but I was wrong.  I'm pretty terrible, and I'm pretty terrible at it from what I can tell.  In either case, I can't imagine someone having fun playing it."
76561198079106763,Not Recommended,245470,19314888,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,jv44,it is a good game but crashs allmost all the time
76561198114453371,Recommended,245470,30629455,Posted: 19 March,all,Robert E Lee,"What the president says, goes. Also almost impossible to balance the budget. 10/10 ultra realistic"
,Recommended,245470,19368490,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,lunchboxlover,The capitalists are plotting against me. I couldn't be happier.
,Recommended,245470,19369515,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,hurricane normie,My favorite game.
76561198118334545,Recommended,245470,19382687,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,FaNg - Kadebostany,Solved USA crisis in 4 hours. Going for president in 2016. Learn with me Obama.
76561198092621649,Recommended,245470,19400528,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Nanomerce,"Second playthrough:Took awat debt,Stablized economy,0% crimerate,perfect healthcare and education,perfect green country,everyone equal,almost no racism. Still got assasinated by liberals 69/666 would play again"
,Recommended,245470,19411821,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,crtwrght_mrk,"It's exactly what it says, in an in-depth and interesting political simulator with a good modding scene to provide new experiences.  Great fun."
76561198162030140,Not Recommended,245470,19449795,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,magliulo98,Always crashes when I load a game.
76561198228292220,Not Recommended,245470,19349897,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,937751740,"This game is a bit shallow and unrealistic. Let me first point out that foreign policy and world dynamics, and stuff including geopolitics are basically ignored, but these things I won't be complaining for, just to let you get a sense of what the game is more about. It's about basically domestic stuff somehow/somewhat much insulated from the external environment. The only thing you seem to get is the ""world economy"" thing, which really isn't a lot of presence (if you think about it). In some ways, this feels more like managing a mega autonomous district or megalopolis.Now I shall say what my problems are. First, Demographics are not really accounted for. There doesn't seem to be anything relateed to ageing, although I presume the ""retired"" people don't work. But, like, that's all? And measurements like helping rasing children don't seem to affect demographics a lot. At least, there's no report or line mentioning such effects...like even no news. Also, when I played Germany I once managed to get ""ethnic minority"" up to 79.4% WITHIN 4 YEARS from like 28% or so. I realized such a high number looked a bit funny and enforced very stringent border check and citizenship test measurements, and IN LIKE A YEAR OR TWO it plummeted to 0.00% WITHOUT ANY NOTICEABLE INFLUENCE ON ANYTHING ELSE AT ALL. Really? I effectively did something that could rip down the whole German economy and cripple its demographics and social structure and something that could get me thrown out of position, but nothing really even changed at all and my support rates stayed like above 90% all along.Second, the game doesn't give a notice before a predictable and accruing phenomenon like ""brain drain"" or ""water shortage"" happens. LIke, there's just no such thing at all before it hits you. You see nothing in the predicted effects section, and you could not possibly find any word about the possible existence of such a thing. Isn't it absurd a little bit? That nobody really knows that companies -- not capitalists or the wealthy -- have been unhappy until it hits some point when they just suddenly unanimously without prior communication massively flee out of the country collectively? Uhm...Third, it could have been better if the game or the cabinet or people who know about my citizen would be so nice to let me know something about the effects of policy proposals. Or maybe they could have let me discuss about the idea of putting forward this and that policy. Don't, and I beg you all, don't, don't, let me spend all the political capital only to find really unexpected effects (after reading all the descriptions!) effects that I don't want to have. Don't let capitalists be randomly♥♥♥♥♥♥ed off and left out, and don't leave out (important) economic or political effects every now and then, for example.Fourth, some policies have inacurate effects. You could see a measurement about environment bringing no effect to the environment at all but only making -- and this is true -- liberals and environmentalists happier and capitalists sad. And you could see a policy that should make the economy better having no effect on the GDP or productivity at all and only -- again true -- greatly♥♥♥♥♥♥ing off capitalists (while making some other less relevant stuff better or worse).Fifth, the citizen categorization is not very satisfactory in that it is a bit too rigid and polarized and at the same time fails to include some people. For example, by ""capitalists"" you only see the extreme die-hard ""free-market capitalists"" who are basically opposed to any governmental intervention. But are other kinds of capitalists a negligible margin? I don't think so. Same things happen to basically every group. You should have been getting people that consist of a wide spectrum but you only see a few condensed bulges whose places are often not so realistic. I mean, it could be really simple to just add a few or a couple gradations to some classes--and I believe a serious pleyer's experience could be enhanced and ameliorated tremendously.Now, for what is absent, there are no real moderates or neutral stancers. There should have been a separate group of ""immigrants"" or ""immgrant-descendants"", but the game mistakenly group it into ""ethnic minorities"" -- and a result you get from it is that ethnic minorities get incredibly upset by border controls and happy for foreign aids -- WHICH IS NOT ETHNIC MINORITIES!!!! True ethnic minorities often means people who have long lived here and native to their lands, so why should they get upset at all for how helping and warm their country is towards foreign people? And how come do they not mind at all how much representation they get in the society, how culturally oppressed, neglected, or otherwise unfairly treated they may be, and why don't I see any issue about language, custom or ethnical identity taking place at all? Also, the game treats religious people as an indivisible whole, but seriously, if we don't get inter-religious conflicts then what were the crusades in the middle ages between Christianity and Islam, and what were the European and American countries doing up until recent modern times; were they not making a great fuss over such things as Protestants and Catholics? Why don't I see any destabilization going on for things ranging from religion to ethiniticity to economic crippling and so on? And are there just no conflicts?Sixth, the game could have included a little more varieties such as manufacturing industries versus high-tech or other kinds of industries -- the point here being you could sense how much a measurement is going to have effect on different parts of the industries. This way, relevant industries could be included in its effects without making other irrelevant industries absurdly affected. This would have been so much greater.This game is able to convey how complicated decision making in the top-positions of a country could be and feel like, so it is a great game to let people have some sense about this. I personally feel really educated by this mega-scale ""check""-and-""balance"" that I am compelled to observe. But I mean, this doesn't cancel all the problems I just listed."
,Recommended,245470,9016183,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,dhfgvbhsd13234,""" Punish France, ignore Germany and forgive Russia "" - Condoleezza Rice"
76561198010089691,Recommended,245470,9016512,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Joseon,Best game ever.
76561197974967868,Recommended,245470,9016828,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Minor Mayhem,"If you have an interest in politics or even just a leaning toward megalomania then this might be your game. The way this game makes the multitude of complexeties involved in running a government ALMOST east to follow.....I repeat ALMOST....is utterley astounding. It's depth however is indisputable.....try running your favourite country. I tried Australia and managed to get myself assassinated by the conservative party of all things within my first term. I guess I was just to liberal for their liking.Think you can do better than the current government, well this is the game for you. Now you can show everyone how much better you would be at running Australia, or the UK, America perhaps? How about giving France ago, can you turn the population into fighters instead of surrender monkeys?Highly recommended for all simulation buffs."
,Recommended,245470,9018230,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Hisu,"Capitalism paradise or social utopia — whoever not your target audience will murder you if you succeed.But oh well, it's more than an interesting game, considering all the mods ^_^"
76561197989068648,Recommended,245470,9019478,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Death,best politics game ever
76561198082202126,Recommended,245470,9019680,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,JasonF,"It's good policy to review a game for what it is instead of what it could be. That said, there is a lack of substance to this game. Don't get me wrong, I like the game and do reccomend it (just not at the $25 price tag (I bought it on sale, thankfully)).The give and take between different factions via policy changes, trying to balance a budget while keeping people happy, and figuring out the right balance of laws is interesting, and i'd assume especially interesting to those already interested in political science.There are no fancy graphics (and it's agreeably unneeded for this kind of game) The game shows a kind of flow chart between problems and policy and factions that negatively or positvely influence those problems, other charts and figures detailing money, issues, peoples support of your administration, etc. And it's all fine and good for what it is...But what it could be? A more detailed simulation of democracy. Elections, debate, corruption, ability to influence the people instead of just the people influencing you... you know, actual Democracy with all it's highs and lows. This is what it lacks. Maybe in Democracy 3 it will include more.Still, it's a fun little simulation."
,Recommended,245470,9015013,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,mrhotjit,Is it even possible to win this game?!?
76561198044625824,Recommended,245470,9021196,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,nick_abrams,The game is alot of fun. I managed to survive 4 assassination attempts before a group of wealthy industrialists forced me out in a coup d'etate.
,Recommended,245470,9196732,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Ponder,"This game is quite interesting to anybody interested in politics or economics. The amount of practical knowledge you could absorb from this game is limited, but still enticing.After a while, it can become easy to become accustomed to and familiar with the quirks and challenges of the game, making it easier to play (literally) the more you play it. To some, it becomes less challenging, even on the maxed out difficulty, as there are a limited number of policies and events. Repition sets in after an hour or so of gameplay.The workshop mods substantially improve and add to the experience, but the bottom line is - this is an amazing game, but can become repetitive after prolonged gameplay without taking advantage of the mods.Awesomeness: 10/10Fun: 10/10Playability: 6/10"
,Recommended,245470,7672904,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,-[FF-A]- Drewski,A Very good Simulation game about the Goverment.
76561197999935057,Not Recommended,245470,8777170,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Spyyder,"There is not enough play value for the price. It is fun but like most poli sim games, including Democracy 2, you will be bored in a few hours."
,Recommended,245470,8826144,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,SWAGMITE,"Great Game and easy to learn the next part is just the problems i have with it. Some stuff is not realistic for insitince state penshins cost a lot and the old make up only a small population, so i cut it and nothing bad happened and i saved a lot of money. Its cool you can do that but its very unrealistic. There are a few other ""glitches"" but its still fun, and just saying get use mods becuse there are some awsome mods that make this game amazing."
,Recommended,245470,7401644,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,dick,"Good game. At first very complex, but as you progress it gets easier and very repetitive. Not worth 25 dollars, more like a 10 dollar game. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,245470,8700488,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,DumbIdiots,"If you like sliders, you'll looooooove this game."
76561197972379703,Recommended,245470,10229111,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Dimi,"Having watched a few youtube videos on this game I finally took the plunge and picked it up myself. This game is a stero-typical quick to learn hard to master. The subtleties of running an economy whilst trying to please every corner of your political spectrum is captured perfectly!This is a game for the thinkers and the planners. If you are a little more ""click now... see what happens later"" you may find yourself quickly assisinated or overthrown by your rival political party!There is no such thing as an average game length as games CAN, but rarely do, last for an infinte number of turns. Overall I rate this as a solid 3/5.  A good similuator for those people who often say ""why doesnt the government do X... or if I was in power I would change Y""."
76561198087152481,Recommended,245470,10231963,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Dalek23,This game thaught me why I shouldnt be in goverment.It is so spesific about everything down to surprisingly assassinasions.This game can go against you in a matter of minutes.If you are intrested in government this game is a must buy
,Not Recommended,245470,10217844,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,graham_martin479,"Despite how it may appear before you purchase it this game is incredibly simplisic and lacks any real depth. The first term begins in the middle of the recession so your goals are obvious and if you can survive the first election at the end of your 4 years (not that easy) then you have essentialy won the game, you can continue to improve everything and I now recieve 100% of the votes in every election, without any kind of fraud. The only people who dont vote for me are people who dont vote!As someone else has said the ministers do absolutely nothing, they are there simply to generate the required political capital each turn in order to inact policies. When they are losing loyalty because the people they represent arent happy then they tell you that but offer no suggestion or ideas of how to address the issue, you are essentially one man running modern Britain or wherever u choose to start.Although this sounds like a promising Idea I would avoid it, even for £10, it felt thin and I purchased the expansions when I bought it."
76561198095894233,Not Recommended,245470,10218900,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Spectacle,"Boring.  Painfully, painfully boring."
,Recommended,245470,10219467,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Canechurch,"Created a socialist utopia, was assassinated by a conspiracy of hyper-wealthy industrialists. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,10219669,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kilamanjaro,"Highly recommend this game. It looks really hard at first but once you get the basics its quite a pleasant simulation of the balancing act required by our leaders. A;ways having to take away from one group to give to the other. The wealthy hated me the whole way through the game as i just took all their money to fund my projects into new sciences, a PRO-ACTIVE healthcare system and eradicating crime by upping the police force which in turn reduced unemployment. I was a trillion in debt at one point but bounced back to end the game a trillion in the green. I was the United Kingdom (My country). I only wish it was so straight forward to fix this country."
76561198047649664,Recommended,245470,10220989,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Craig,"All in all it's a intertesting little political strategy ""toy"".  It's feels like a ""toy"" more than a game but it's certainly worth tinkering with if you have even a passing interest in politics.  Tries to be complex without being unwieldy and falls a little short on the complexity side but is by no means simplistic.  At £18.99 I think it's a bit overpriced but I picked it up at half price and I am pleased with my purchase."
76561198031233204,Recommended,245470,10222593,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,DieVideo,"Two words: Systems Theory. Lots of it. A bit difficult at the start, with lots of information to learn, but its amazing interface makes things easier. This game is awesome! Buy it!"
,Recommended,245470,10210033,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,[no sound] H.P. Shivcraft (F+),I have a much greater appreciation for how quickly the Black Panthers can be driven to assassinate someone now that I have played this game.
,Not Recommended,245470,10210381,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,The Simulated Scholar,"The concpet video looked really interesting to me. However, the tutorial was barely informative and the little window often blocked what it was trying to show me. Unless you are a die hard stats type player then don't pick this up.  There just isn't enough going on to keep me interested. I pick this up 50% off and I still regret it.  I'll not be returning to this game."
76561198007309271,Recommended,245470,10212922,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,MartinOfIron,"Love this game, great if you into poltics sims but has a very bland user interface."
,Recommended,245470,10213315,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Ryxai,"A good game but the simulation is a little bit easy to game. Just flow the tax rate with GDP, and enact policies that kill the negative events. To avoid assassination just increase funding for intelligence and law and order. Eventually groups will either die out completely or become completely supportive. The first game I had 100% support 30 minutes in on average difficulty. It took a bit longer on higher difficulties. Otherwise a fun sim but not something I'll be playing again immediately."
76561198083414328,Recommended,245470,10214530,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Yunaa,"By far the best ""Assasinated by a socialist uprising simulator"" evar.  10.5/10"
,Recommended,245470,10214553,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Fank Jankler,I got rid of all crime in Britain just by legalizing weed and ♥♥♥♥♥s.Just kidding. It took way more than that. (but it took that as well)
,Recommended,245470,10215483,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,whiskey,"If you ever thought, you can do it better, those 'up there' feel free to try. It's really fun to see how decisions are affected and do affect all aspects of your (political) life.I haven't tried to act more radical yet (apart from banning religion from public life) and at some point the game feels relatively easy. It is however never boring because of some clever events and game mechanics."
76561198036599176,Recommended,245470,10651872,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dio,"As a fan of the 2nd Democracy game, I find this one some what lackluster. While the improved visuals and improved access of information is a good and much needed improvement, the way your choices affect things is very dissappointing. If you play in America for instance, and make one pro captlist policy, chances are you will be assaisanted from the socialist party in 3 turns. The biggest error I found was when I made a policy to prevent racial discrimination, I was assasinated by the ""Black Power"" party for being racist. This was when I was playing on normal difficulty. This game has its problems, but if you are a fan of the first two, you might like this one still."
,Recommended,245470,10653288,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Winter,"This game is a great way to see how various issues affect each other in the political system of your country and others. I think it helps you answer the question a little bit better .. ""could you do better as President?"" Not that our President is playing a game like this ;)   His job is of course far far difficult than this.The tutorial system is _much_ needed when you start out as there is a high learning curve. I am still learning things as I play. I only wish the tutorial wasn't so much reading and more audio or a combination thereof.As far as ""fun"" goes... I guess it is entertaining enough to keep me playing. The game is educational and insightful due to the subject matter.The game is light on the system and plays well on my 2011 mac mini."
,Recommended,245470,10656342,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,oh_mac_god,"Fun game to play, sometimes you have to face thought decisions, but that is what makes it so enjoyable. Wish there where more mods."
76561197985733862,Recommended,245470,10656707,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Defective Detective,"To change your countries way of life to your standards is just amazing, it’s a shame others will not agree and try to assassinate me since I raised the tax on smoking stupidly high.10/10"
76561198025632803,Recommended,245470,12077817,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Smiddywerbenjagermanjenson,Truly magnificent. I find it hard not to die.
76561198034336747,Recommended,245470,11921656,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Dad,Socialist Simulator 2014
,Recommended,245470,21280417,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Rehax,11/10 would make France a dictatorship again
76561198148847929,Recommended,245470,21364135,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Lord Helix,"I like the game, but I do have a complaint: The politics aren't exactly accurate in a big way. What i mean is liberals get angry if I make gun control, but happy if I deregulate all guns, and a lot of other things i can't remember at the moment, It is a great game though"
76561198097606272,Recommended,245470,30709465,Posted: 24 March,all,bachwiz18,"The game has its flaws for sure. Despite the breadth of options it provides for tweaking tiny things about your government, the way things work is often over-simplified. There is little nuance to key policy changes; there is no judicial or legislative branch keeping you in check, giving you absolute power; and so on. So as far as a political sim goes, it isn't super realistic. However, it is still an enjoyable management game that touches on enough of the key aspects of politics to immerse you in spite of the flaws. The complex web of interconnected issues is highly rewarding for those willing to dig deep and find creative solutions to the problems facing your nation. If you are into the micromanagement aspect and are able to overlook some small quirks that break the immersion, you will enjoy this game."
76561198013542927,Recommended,245470,21475783,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Satyros,after 30 years i managed to make Greece a superpower.and after 3 assassinations.and after 3 times not getting elected regardless of doing good because :Greece:so basically in my 6th lifetime(?)/try?would get assassinated again.
,Recommended,245470,21479333,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,joeread13,Adding a load of mods really imporvs this game! great game!
76561198146592800,Recommended,245470,20509876,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,TheThirdSun,When in doubt always remember that The Tea And Biscuit Party will triumph over The Stupid Party!10/10 Would name opposing party again!
,Recommended,245470,19503708,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Korraspoopalami,"I'm not the best at running a country, to be honest. But the mechanics are brilliant in this game, so I'm sure a better politician would excel at Democracy. Or Communism."
,Recommended,245470,21453541,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,localhost,"I start up a game and try to put my socialist agenda into America, the corporations hire assassins to kill me.I start up a new game and try to put my socialist agenda into France, it works perfectly, even though conservatives still hate me."
76561198162185635,Recommended,245470,21490223,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Onyx Wolf,You must be good at polotics i got a bit bored but i go back to everyonece in a while
76561197970018601,Recommended,245470,29546444,Posted: 28 January,all,f$l>Koarl,"I quite enjoyed playing this despite the fact that it has nothing to do with democracy.You rule supreme as a benevolent dicator of the UK, the US, Canada, Germany, France or Austalia. The countries differ by population, term length restrictions and the policies that are in place.Your task is to manage your country's finances, policies and make yes/no decisions on situations that arise. You do so in turn, each representing a quarter of a year. The things you can and can't do depend on whether or not you have enough ""Political Capital"" - a resource that is being generated depending on how well the people who sympathize with your cabinet are served by your country.The major challenge is that in most scenarios, you assume leadership shortly before a major financial crisis and in major debt. Finding out where to cut and what to spend money on to prevent a total meltdown can be quite engaging for a while.The simulation is quite intricate and has many factors, including- Your popularity amongst political groups such as socialists/capitalists, liberals/conservatives, motorists/commuters- Tax policies (Income, Sales, Corporate, Inheritance, Luxury etc.)- Welfare policies (Such as education, medicine, housing)- Crime, Racial Discrepancies etc.However, in the interest of making an abstract, yet understandable and believable set of rules, the game cuts some corners than can lead to ridiculous situations (like having no more religious people after just two terms of teaching Evolution over Creation in schools - despite thousands of immigrants who couldn't possibly be influenced by your schooling yet).All in all, it has very little to do with human nature or democracy, but if you like management sims it can keep you entertained for a while."
76561198104421688,Recommended,245470,16995083,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,crosetto,Democracy 3 is soooo fun. This is a really fun strategy game where you can ALSO add mods which make it even more fun. It is a turned based game sort of becuase you have to end a term to continue but it is still not boring AT ALL. ;)
76561198089433701,Recommended,245470,16999447,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Dominus Tenebrarum,"I could totally be prime minister, i mean i've only been assassinated 7 times before. That's a whole 204 times less than david cameron."
,Recommended,245470,17004264,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Tekn0.,Brilliant game. Simple UI and fascinating turn based situations. 8/10
76561197972458972,Not Recommended,245470,9033367,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,maji,"The game starts off interesting... but it very quickly starts off to feel like playing an excel spreadsheet.  Your operations are very mechanical (riots set off crime, therefore increase police control, as opposed to more creative solutions like you'd find in something like Tropico, like throw an olympics or declare martial law).  My first run (ever in the series) I'd removed all ailments in the UK and had billions in the bank by the end of my third term.At the end of the day, the core mechanic is solid... but very simple once you get around the really clunky UI and there isn't enough to add variance to the game to get more than an hour or two out of it.  Buy if it's on sale for $5 or less... otherwise wait."
76561198123349874,Recommended,245470,9034338,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,CMAC,Good game a few minor flaws not worth mentioning 8.7/10.
76561198003655644,Recommended,245470,9034440,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,tango,"I really enjoy this game. It is niché and has to be something you're interested in, so not something I would recommend to everyone but to those who follow politics it is worth a look."
76561198121336476,Recommended,245470,9034923,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,callumreidy12,i like the game alot put never finish my 5 term because of liberals killing me :/
76561198029355703,Recommended,245470,9031754,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,ideahunter,Turn the difficulty level down before attempting to play.
76561198006580185,Recommended,245470,9035469,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Sir Christopher XIV,"A great simulation that shows how simple and yet how hard a true Democracy is to achieve :) I have learned a lot from this game and hope to continue to do so, mods are great too. I hope one day to look back at my life's accomplishment's and playing this game or Democracy 7 remember what I owe to this game. :) Thanks."
,Not Recommended,245470,9035696,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Alex Angulo,Es muy facil
76561198064698982,Recommended,245470,9036138,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,adam.a.bird,Great Fun. Democracy isn't too much to look at but the dynamics and engine running it are smooth and highly entertaining.
,Recommended,245470,9036448,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Kolnesen,Like it
76561198025219314,Recommended,245470,9037035,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,what a nick,I got assassinated by the Black Panther's. Great game! Highly recommended for people who would enjoy getting assassinated after legalizing all drugs and taxing the internet.
76561198012754660,Not Recommended,245470,9037165,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,"Extremly frustrating game. I would not recommend this to anyone. After putting over two hours into a country and reforming it and finally bringing it out of debt and bring the GDP to a GOOD level... I was assasinated during a closed speach by a Liberal Organization that only had 1,900 members country-wide, which ment GAME OVER and no redos... Now, would this ever happen in real life to the President of the US, NO. Very dissapointing... My final ruling is this game can roast in the depths of Hades..."
,Recommended,245470,9037444,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,EmersonS,GOod game homie yooo
,Recommended,245470,9038456,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,♣ Oof.Jpg,This game is amazing hands down!
,Recommended,245470,9038732,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Buttercup,"Absolutely recommend this game. Price is a bit high for the content (Just in my opinion!) repeats a few things just after a few hours of play, but still has replayability. There is a tutorial and helps out along the way, but it does require a bit of a learning curve. Took me my 4th try at it before I wasn't assasinated or re-elected. It's a little discouraging, but you just have to keep trying out scenarios to see what works.Again, at the time of writing this I only have 5 hours logged, but it is definitely a challenging, and fun game. Highly recommended!"
76561198115371820,Recommended,245470,9038789,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DrKeKiNzEl,"I love this game, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in politics, or just looking for a time waster as there are Many possibilities in this game for goofing around or being serious. It is totally adjustable to how you want to play, from a serious realistic experience as a world leader, or someone willing to turn a democratic nation into a dictatorship."
,Recommended,245470,9038890,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Tylenol Jones,"I saved Canada from financial ruin, pollution, and vigilante mobs.  Shorly after being re-elected for my 3rd term by a landslide, I was assassinated by religious fanatics.11/10 GOTY.   Would Play again."
,Recommended,245470,9039069,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Celebrity Watermelon,"Frustratingly difficult, and makes you feel like politics in the real world are hopeless. Playing as the USA makes you dreadfully feel like we're screwed, and I keep getting assassinated by different groups of people. You can't make everybody happy, and people are always going to be mad at you, which results in the player being really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Ten out of ten."
76561198008196213,Not Recommended,245470,9039461,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,RedTracer7,"While appearing initially deep, the game is quite shallow once you roll past the learning curve.  This can best be seen in the opposition system, which effectively doesn't exist."
76561198077986916,Not Recommended,245470,9039993,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Robot1167,"Great Idea, But Not based in reality at all. This I a game... I get it. But the games logic of what will happen by the choices the player makes, are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's entirely based on what the developer thinks would happen... And they are dead wrong... After learing the game and design. I ran an bunch of tests... Completely unrealistic. Like americans reactions to what i did is insanely off. Uninstal, Delete, forget it & kissing my money goodbye. Blah..."
,Recommended,245470,9023757,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Stefftastiq,"Pretty fun, but you have to understand the statistics :D"
76561197997908252,Recommended,245470,22802997,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Revo,"Decent game, worth the price"
,Recommended,245470,22708592,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,the entire population of syria,how to play democracy:1. put a 90% tax on everything2. make the largest army/police force ever3. annihilate your enemies
,Recommended,245470,22797590,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Patm82,"a great game, u can play different ways and see how ur choices effecty everything else it really is fun to see how things effect everything"
76561198033984598,Recommended,245470,17483587,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Animono,Rating: 5/10
,Recommended,245470,22547577,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Norma_Cenva,"This game is an interesting one. For me personally, I just keep being killed-off all the time; but it does not make the game less enjoyable, quite the opposite! I want to play again and again, because I want to win so much."
,Recommended,245470,22540871,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,benjiMeister,A great purchase if you want justification for your constant chants of 'I could run the country better than these ♥♥♥♥ing Tories'.
76561198035264794,Recommended,245470,22074634,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Froggy the Croakain Dealer,it's pretty good.
,Recommended,245470,22601735,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,The Super Autist,The game that teaches you that both goverment and anarchy are broken AF.( If you're buying Democracy 3 pick it up on sale and use steam workshop)
76561198059444441,Not Recommended,245470,17245058,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jabbersac,"This is my second review of the game, and this time I'm a little more negative on it. I've had a lot of fun with this game, but most of the fun was in laughing at how terribly designed and basic it is - too few features, and clearly not tested for any sort of realism.Firstly, the game has utterly ridiculous simulations for party support. In a democratic society, parties will essentially never get above 80% support in an election, but when I got good I could consistently get above 90% support every election, no matter what I did with the settings.Secondly, the demographic sliders are effed. I played around with some farm subsidies and social security, and made it so that 100% of my population was both farmers and retired. While hilarious, this is not desirable in a simulation game.Thirdly, I broke the game when I realized that the key to victory was eliminating all taxes and spending immense amounts of money on every frivolous program ever. That's right, folks, this simulation game has absolutely no limits on how much money you can borrow, essentially no inflation mechanic, and just generally seems to have been farted out by a developer who doesn't know anything about how an economy functions and couldn't care less!It was hilarious constructing my taxless utopia of retired farmers, but I ultimately can't recommend."
76561198087811060,Recommended,245470,22595508,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,rocketrocca,"Brilliant game which can bring hours of fun while fulfiling your lust for power, after a while itr ca get slightly repetitive and once you have maneged to appease ebverybody you get a un realistic 99% or even 100% of the vote has the potential to be an amazing game if it expamds on the basic concept and adds things like multipile parties."
,Recommended,245470,20887280,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,AAN2,"This game takes some learning to enjoy, but once you do learn the game mechanics it's very fun."
76561198097159435,Recommended,245470,26711780,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,A_random_Fellow,Played as Australia. Within a few turns my ministers were informing me they wished to resign. All of a sudden I was making hardly any capital and some were just resigning without warning.10/10 would topple my government again.
76561198148649068,Recommended,245470,20862777,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,jackson_perry69,"It is REALLY intimidating in the beginning but once you take the time to learn what everything is, which isn't as hard as it seems because of the tool tips, you will find a great game. I do have a problem with how easy it is to get assassinated but its forgivable. The best thing this does is give people who have some issue with the way their government is running things a way to vent their frustration. This is therapudic as well as fun."
76561198055968345,Recommended,245470,20864383,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,cold spaghetti,"Got assassinated by liberals, who loved me...10/10 would be betrayed again"
76561198218678821,Recommended,245470,30697564,Posted: 23 March,all,AhriFoxFIreXD,This game is really good.
76561198031254429,Recommended,245470,20936335,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,"Quite a good game and an excellent politics simulator, but easy to beat at normal difficulty. I think I used about 7 hours on my second trial to make a utopia. After that the game had little replay value to me, tried again a few times but I felt finished. But those 7 hours of political gametime were quite good. Wishlist it and buy at a discount is my recommendation.Conclusion: 7 out of 10 (for 7 hours)."
,Recommended,245470,21062286,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Birdie Sanders,"Made drugs my best source of income in a communist Utopia, RIP the American Dream.10/10"
,Recommended,245470,21094212,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wolf of Damnation,"It's a fun government sim, probably the best I've ever seen. It seems very complicated to start with, but is actually well organized and expresses itself very nicely in its interface.Although once you spend enough time in it and when you fully understand everything, it does begin to start feeling a bit shallow. But the big arrangement of mods to help extend the games enjoyable play time."
,Recommended,245470,21092519,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Wasteland Soul,"Economy and social policy simulator 2013!Odds are you will be assassinated after trying desperately to stop your plummetting credit rating, simply because you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off some corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥7/10 - only if you're into that kind of thing"
76561198107347293,Recommended,245470,20919126,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,$$THE CASHMAN$$,-Played as canada-Kept abortion policies that canada has had since 1988-Get assassinated in ninth month by religous groups because of this10/10 would be the fifth prime minister in a row to be assassinated in the name of jesus again.
76561198168066941,Recommended,245470,18850437,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,RobertL,This is a great game if you are into politics or you just want to rule a country. I've played many hours and have used steam workshop and I can say it is great can't recommend this enough!
,Recommended,245470,18857401,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Explosivity,"Win an election, try to change the country for the better, end up being hated for it. Revert those changes, be called a flip-flop and get hated even more... yep that's politics!"
76561197964235151,Recommended,245470,18852898,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mrhat,"Pretty fun and novel idea. However, despite seeming complex, it gets repetitive fairly quickly. Pump education and technology as much as you can while juggling the favor of demographics, and you always win...."
76561198057734274,Not Recommended,245470,18939990,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,aceic,Crashes 50% of the time. Only game I have that crashes without provacation so I doubt it's my computer.
,Not Recommended,245470,18089112,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,BonesCapone,"Many elements of this game are backwards and seem to reflect either programming while exhausted, and thus getting the positive/negative effects confused, so much so that the only seemingly successful narrative is to be a brutal socialist regime. Only recommended to Stalin or Sanders supporters. With extensive enough modding, one might be able to balance out the game to reflect the rather counterintuitive real world, add a negative effect to the GDP from high taxes (thus creating a Laffer Curve), make loose gun regulations actually reduce crime, make prostitution and drug legalization and lower drinking limits reduce crime and alcohol addiction, etc. With the game in its current state, only those who support big government will enjoy it, cause it lets them live in the realm of fantasy, where the USSR is still a global superpower."
,Recommended,245470,18446041,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Al Digorno[CORNCOBBED],Donald Trump Sim 2k15
76561198101398900,Recommended,245470,18462680,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Danger Stranger,"Turned Canada into a Nazi State, 99% aproval rating. I did Nazi that coming."
,Recommended,245470,18464084,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Baylze,"Democracy 3: ""The Political Management Game""OverviewDemocracy 3 offers all the reality of the White House or 10 Downing Street, yet compresses all the political gameplay into easily managable tiles across a board. Turn based, Democracy 3 will run over the course of your term, and will test your social, cultural and financial values to the maximum; with the potential to make you question your own morales.GameplayThere's not much to the gameplay of Democracy 3, it will mainly consist of clicking buttons and changing sliders; the game is turnbased, and is not made to be satisfying to play. At heart, Democracy 3 is a political management game, and for this purpose, the gameplay is both satisfying to use and effectively implemented.Graphics & SoundGraphically, the main screen of this game is a board with buttons on it. The graphics are simple, along with the sound, yet effective.Storyline/Campaign/MissionsThis game offers the story of your term in office, whether that be in the United Kingdom, USA, Germany, Canada or any other nation across the globe.ReplayabilityThis game can be played for extensive hours at a time, and after your term is up, you can run again until you fix the country of all it's impending issues!MultiplayerThis game is not multiplayer supported.Game FeatureRating (/10)Gameplay9/10Graphics & Sound3/10Storyline/Campaign4/10Replayability8/10Multiplayer1/10Optimising (Options Variety)9/10Overall6/10Thanks for reading,Baylze, Editor of Thought Bubble"
,Recommended,245470,18524603,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kingcruteii,"No crime, Eradicated poverty, Everyone in a job, NHS saved, Stable ecomany, Green energy, and happy farmers, all this and i get assinated by liberals.  10/10"
76561198145592888,Recommended,245470,18508988,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ChubsTehNewb223,"This game is amazing, even though the Liberals and Socialists bone me EVERY SINGLE TIME"
,Recommended,245470,18395848,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,andy,"Just one more turn, just one more turn!"
,Recommended,245470,16446241,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DisasterMaster,Fun game if you are into politics. Full modding and Steam Workshop support with active community. Buy with DLCs for more depth and challenge.
,Recommended,245470,12064273,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,☭oath2order☭,It's fun. I suck at getting re-elected
,Recommended,245470,17867853,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Red King,Great game
,Recommended,245470,18293177,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,[RLM] Shougat,Tiss fun.
,Recommended,245470,18549374,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Oats,The Liberal Crime Squad has a strong grasp over America in this game.10/10 Would get karate chopped to death again.
,Recommended,245470,18552475,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Xenophontes,Only Thing I hate about this game is that opposing parties go right to the murder option when they dont like how you are running the country. Otherwise its fantastic.
76561197994247566,Not Recommended,245470,18536685,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,pompeyck,boring clicker game last about 5 minutes
76561198047963310,Not Recommended,245470,20309100,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,CaptainWoodstock,"The pieces don't fit together organically, which is a complicated problem to have. To map human interactions in a way that feels real, there need to be more variables and an insane amount of factors taken into consideration. While they did well building the game that they presented, the game itself falls short of doing what it sets out to do. Immersion, too, is lacking, with the feel of a greater world beyond the bubbles which you're presented with not being explored."
,Not Recommended,245470,20236211,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Malkavian,This game will not let me create my libertarian paradise. It should end with everyone smoking weed talking about their new flat taxes and lack of military but instead I always get shot by the black panthers
76561197976327138,Not Recommended,245470,20613964,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,becephalus,"My wife and I really like the idea behind this game and the general interface and game mechnics are great.  Unfortunately it does not have much replayability because there is really just one approach that works and it is the same for each country.  Worth playing if you are into this kind of thing, and I don't regret buying it at all, but don't expect replayability."
,Recommended,245470,20656839,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ooMIGIToo,"Love this game. The idea of running a government and respecting the people's rights who vote for you makes this game quite thought provoking, but extremely enjoyable. In my first run I learned very quickly that if you don't pay attention the majorities first you could lose votes and if you don't pay attention to the minorities you could be assassinated. Take a guess what happened to me?However on my second run I got the ball rolling and once I did there was no stopping it. I took into my hands the problem with crime and health care first and by executing some serious law both wen down with an increase in education and decrease in poverty. It become so easy to manage I only had to worry about the environment and the GDP. After playing for several hours I balanced the budget, crime and poverty were at an all time low, while health and education were at an all time high. Even with the global market in recession there was no stopping my supreme government. I had a trillion in reserves and a surplus in for country. Without fail I went on to win my next 5 election with everyone voting for me!The game is very nicecly handled. It isn't completely true that you can't make everyone happy, only that if you implement the appropriote policies at the right time can you make this happen. Sometimes it involves abolishing a few member of certain voting parties. I eliminated religion, trade unionists, and motorists and the economy sky rocketed!The GDP is weird, but I guess you could liken it to real global market. You never know if it'll go up or down. SO my advice would be to focus your market so that when the globe is doing terrible you and your citizens are living in luxary.I rate this game 8.5/10. You never know what is gonna happen, but if you play your cards right you can turn the most unusable government policies into a thriving utopia!"
,Not Recommended,245470,20670559,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Mim3kh,"Personally, this game is not for me. It is, in my opinion, not fun. It's complex and not worth the trouble. However, if you're into games where you click and choose, then go ahead. :)"
76561198035936270,Recommended,245470,20646673,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,thanos_cou,"nice game , a realistic simulator of politics without being too complicated"
76561198061511951,Recommended,245470,20458321,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Zarigan,"In this game you will grow to hate: Liberals, Conservatives, Capitalists, Youth, Parents, Socialists, Patriots, Ethnic Minorities, Middle Income, Self Employed, State Employees, Poor, Farmers, Trade Unionists, Commuters, Religious, Environmentalists, Motorists, Wealthy and Retired."
76561198083259018,Recommended,245470,20777981,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,halodog21,This is one of my favourite gamesIt does get boring after awhile but being able to turn a country around and or absolutly destroying it is really funny.I would like to see a 4 game that can add more depth into the game and to add some more features
76561198056261920,Recommended,245470,20791481,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,manutdjonno,very realistic game. Great fun to play and tons of stuff to do with mods. Uk Overhaul Pack an Policies Pack 2.0 in particular are worth getting and the three dlcs. A must-buy!
,Recommended,245470,20555469,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Pheezy 오빠,Enjoyable game for the most part. If you ever wondered what would happen if you were a man/women of power this game can is for you. Encore policies you like and axe the ones you hate. Definitely a fun play.
,Not Recommended,245470,20768547,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Harleygator,"I haven't recommended Democracy 3, but I am determined to ""make it work"" with this game, so I will return in the future to quantify my feelings, once I've had chance to play a little more.Let me clarify. I'm sure the game works, it looks beautiful, it has a rich amount of depth, etc. I've seen rave reviews, but, equally, I've also seen bad ones, and it is those that really stop me from becoming invested in any save, long term.The main reason is that I don't feel ""substantial"". By this, I mean that when I make decisions, unless they are negative, they simply don't seem to matter. As with several reviewers who have claimed to have been assassinated with 90%+ approval ratings, it appears as though anything you do considered to be ""wrong"" to some people is excessively potent when compared to the things you do which are ""right"". As the game manual says, it is much easier to start a crisis than to end one, and this would seem to be stating the obvious if it wasn't for the fact that this little nugget of advice serves more as a prediction than a warning. As an example, when introducing a moderate tax on Luxury Items (which offset some business grants), I was warned that it 'could' lead to wealthy investors not wanting to live and invest in the country, understandably. What it didn't tell me was that, in just two clicks of the next button, a mere six months, my income would inexplicably drop by £40bn, and the country would enter a Brain Drain crisis (the loss of talented executives, etc). At the time, I had an approval rating of 76%, and everything was going as well as could be expected, steady rises, economy looking good, etc. This took me about 3 years to achieve, and in the space of 6 months, it all collapsed because of one decision.It appears, from the short time I have been playing, that a booming economy and social responsibility (to environment, equality, etc) are incompatible without royally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥someone off and getting killed, or bankrupting your entire nation. I'm sure this isn't really the case, maybe I'm just bad at the game, but the effort it seems to require to prove this seems disproportionate to the amount of fun this game had promised to offer me. I will return, and hopefully I'll have more success; a man who can play Football Manager for 24 hours straight without getting bored certainly has the patience, but does this game have the substance? Only time will tell."
76561197986201062,Not Recommended,245470,30683542,Posted: 23 March,all,Ditsur,Way too frequent assassinations with way too high success rate and too few tools to even combat them. That is all.
,Recommended,245470,20746541,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Jamzze,This is a great game if you like the micro-management style of gameplay. Featuring in-depth reactions and simulations it is a real brain teaser that will leave you playing for hours on end.
,Recommended,245470,12442208,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Dr. Gonzo,"It's pretty unique.I'm familiar with politics, despite my distaste. I've grown up with my grandfather being a county magistrate as a Democrat, a challenge being in a Republican county, and involved with general daily discussion for plenty of years. I also often hear and see people giving an idea that would help benefit a nation as whole in a common, simple manner, like getting rid of the War on Drugs or the income tax that burdens everyone. This game doesn't do that. It instead really opens perspective to how just one idea or policy can affect not only just an economy but also what the game is centered around: The People.One thing that helps awaken and enlighten you is the true point of politics, and that is compromise. In this game there are many different divisions of people like liberals, conservatives, farmers, poor, minorities, middle income, and others. Keeping all of these people content with how you run the government is very challenging, especially with the issues that have to be solved that also affect their happiness. You can't make everyone happy because of our divided beliefs and customs, and you can't always get what you want.Sometimes when crime is high you have to enforce more police and other 'big brother' tactics to fight it like cameras and wiretapping, and this both can upset the conservatives and liberals.To get the nation's economy going you have to have an oil supply and roads to transport goods, but this also takes the environmentalists into account too. CO2 emissions cause pollution and can even lead to an epidemic of an asthma breakout and degrading of the environment, upseting the 'parents' voting group and of course the environmentalists. But at the same time, if you don't have enough maintenance and care for such services then the 'motorists' group becomes outraged, and even farmers.I think most would agree that scientific advancement is a first-world country's best interest. It provides employment and allows the economy to grow. But some forget that cyber attacks from foreign nations and internet crime like fraud and identity theft from high internet usage are also possibilities. This also contributes to the 'crime' issue on the game, and upsets everyone. Keeping advancement, a thriving economy, and crime all juggled in a three ring circus, among other things, is super difficult.Along with many other problems and issues, you can legislate new laws and policies to help combat them, provided the popularity of them. You also have a cabinet that works for you, and these guys and gals help implement your policies. You can't change the rule of law overnight by yourself, and depending on how experienced they are depends on how quickly your propositions come into play. And if you are proven by the country that you are a bad leader, and if you hire cabinet members who do not meet similar sympathies that you do, then they will not be hesitant to quit and retire without second thought. Also like everything in the world, nothing's for free, so you need to watch your country's checkbook. If you don't then you'll fall into a debt crisis, causing everyone to panic, and the probability of losing the next election is certain.Oh, and the basic income for the government to provide services to people are taxes. If these are too high, then capitalists (like myself) will get very upset. But you need to just balance everything out with a fine line of collection and distribution. You don't have to have full happiness for one set group; democracy doesn't work that way.Another thing is assassinations. If you do not at least give some satisfaction to all groups, then you have a chance of radicals killing you. I emphasized that evolutionism and creationism should be taught in schools, along with equal opportunity for abortion (not on-demand, but not banned either), and provided funding for technology colleges to increase education for higher wages, and I was almost murdered by both religious fanatics and ""underground socialist liberationists"".This game puts you in the seat of 'leader' and you make the decisions. It's demanding, it's challenging, and people count on you. It reaches you across the aisle, and even adamantly pries open even the most open-minded people, like me, to suggestions not originally agreed upon or stood by. You have to please The People in some fashion and with a proper amount of gratification. And perhaps, most importantly because of this, winning elections are the more dire thing to you; you are a politician anyway. If you've ever had a spark of desire for leadership, then this game definitely, and I mean definitely, puts you to the test of how well you can keep your composure and keep your 'followers' following. It's no wonder the President, and others preceeding the President, age so quickly while in office."
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,245470,20695154,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,panther3007,"Really really really boring, and way too much information to process / juggle.Democracy 1 was good back in the windows XP days, but much better games like Tropico have come along now."
76561198056887919,Not Recommended,245470,20886018,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The808Papaya,If you enjoy looking at graphs this game is for you but it's just not fun for me
,Recommended,245470,20855140,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,The Spookfish,"Looking to ruin a nation? Well, this is the game for you. You can be a dictator! Or a president/prime minister if you actually want to play it like the developers meant you to. I'm still waiting for the ""Cancel Election"" policy."
,Recommended,245470,20877621,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,FubU g0d,Goes hard when its cheap
76561198124250606,Recommended,245470,18014283,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,belcomar000,its fun
76561198032351998,Not Recommended,245470,17956822,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,publisher,"It's not a bad game, but it gets boring quickly. I started off with GB and within 15 minutes, I had 100% happiness, near 0% homelessness, near 0% crime, and 100% health and education. I won every election by 99%. Too bad there wasn't more to this as it is quite easy to beat...."
76561198053123611,Not Recommended,245470,18030720,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,gar1948,"Great game concept, but ...After you learn that most of the time it is better to do nothing than to do anything at all the game becomes pretty easy, not to mention pretty boring."
76561198057206679,Recommended,245470,17772745,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,RC_Pestana,The best game of strategy and politics I ever played.
76561198141577061,Recommended,245470,17755815,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,CAPS LOCK,"Amazing and in-depth politics simulator. Would be better if I could increase the spy network past ""SATTALITE SPY NETWORK"" or perform important diplomatic tasks such as deciding which country to nuke. However, I do enjoy arming my police force to the teeth, having compulsatory military training, and cameras on every street corner."
,Recommended,245470,17773796,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Ke,"Great game allowing much micromanagement of ruling a country. The modding support is good and allows you to make your own policies or change aspects of the game. If anyone want to try being the president or just want to turn Canada into a police state, this game is for you.I would say though that getting mods is essential, since they add many needed policies."
76561197996963295,Recommended,245470,17513709,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Laughing Man,Excellent game. Lays out nuanced human values and societal constructs. Recommended. Interested in data gathered by player models from a societal modelling perspective... can a we access global data? Would pay 10x the price of this game to access data collected... Bernie Sanders 2016!
76561198029977382,Recommended,245470,17514603,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,nrlainson,"Democracy 3 isn't for everyone. it's a lot of calculating numbers, looking at charts, and reading lists. Even so, I really enjoy it. It gives you a very real sense of modern-day politics. In every game you have to try to play to everyone's tastes as best you can while getting approval for reelection.There is no ""winning the game."" You either get re-elected the maximum amount of times you can and oversee every term, or your assassinated. Your goal is to do the best you can until then. And each game is different than the last one; so there's no predicting to be had.If you want a different strategy game, if you want to see what it's like to be leader of a country, play this game."
,Recommended,245470,17922590,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,rindragon,
76561198116798189,Recommended,245470,17898681,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,randrausjr,"Cool game, gets even cooler with mods"
76561198099594893,Recommended,245470,15019061,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,CONMAN,Not much content but with mods it is good
,Recommended,245470,18008991,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Garloo,"If you happen to be a republican, dont play.politically biased/10"
76561198021879548,Recommended,245470,18009344,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Rootbeer1898,"Governing is never quite as fun as when you ride the economy straight down the slope, as the world markets crash and you get to lead the way to this new Utopia of Poverty and Crime. Except for when you drive out the heathens and heretics and slowly build an unbreakable majority in favor of your totalitarian policies, introducing uniformity to what remains of the masses. Approved."
76561197995476499,Not Recommended,245470,18027264,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Spalooga,"Was really looking forward to this game but it really isn't nearly as complex as it first appears. It's surprisingly simple to keep the vast majority of people happy with you and keep you're buget in surplus.The end game is also terrible, there is a varible called ""Average Tempreture"" which is tied to an invisble meter call ""Year"" so the tempreture will gradually increase and there is nothing you can do about it. The problem is this messes with the enviroment and causes water shortages (which cause food prices to skyrocket), pollution (which hurts health) and cyclones and other natural disasters that are impossible to stop.You can have zero C02 output, max the buget on the climate change adaption fund, be researching fusion power and running a national monorail with zero motorists and it will all do nothing and the tempreture will still rise because it's tied to the year.Even though I think you should atleast be able to help solve water shortages through building desalination plants and water re-use centres it doesn't even really matter because with everything going to hell IT'S STILL EASY TO KEEP EVERYONE HAPPY WITH YOU AND THE BUDGET IN SURPLUS.Even though I wouldn't recommend, It's worth getting on sale for a few bucks because it's still entertaining, just not worth $30."
,Recommended,245470,18057377,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Bainsi,"Everyone should play this game, for educational purposes, and it's brilliant. 10/10"
76561198102327830,Recommended,245470,18256044,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,The Forces of Freedom,I made North Korea a capitalist paradise...
76561198027063183,Recommended,245470,18270503,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ditoboisy,"The makers have a liberal bias (It's impossible to make it without having a bias liberal or conservative).  They did a good job making it.  Over a year after this game was popular they are still making updates and patches.  I think highly of this studio, and the game is well made.  This game is made for people who enjoy stats and making policies for ruling a country."
76561197991834915,Recommended,245470,18200736,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,DEATH2ALLNOOBS,A nice government simulation and a good timekiller.
76561198132071003,Recommended,245470,18102671,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,conormatthews19,banned all drugs and guns and got assassianted by Liberals! 10/10 would get assassianted again!
76561198077907745,Recommended,245470,8261875,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Damn,Very fun game but lacks replayablity after a few times
76561198026246428,Not Recommended,245470,8310012,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TRIPLEALPHA,"Way too similar to previous Democracy games. The interface hasn't changed in nearly a decade, and every turn the bubbles re-arrange themselves forcing you try to find the policy you were saving up political capital to change.The mathmatics behind the policies are solid, and some of the mods add a new layer, but overall the game loses playability within an hour."
,Recommended,245470,7469719,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Venus,Great game if you are interested in politics.
76561198056658513,Recommended,245470,9073664,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,juniorislanders,"If you enjoy politics, you will enjoy this game"
76561198107920933,Recommended,245470,9075113,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[pLt] t10saunders,omg this game is just amasing. you can stop and just sit down and run your own country and set everything because you are in charge the game is very fun and entertaining and makes you think to not make people mad in game and run the country efficiently
,Not Recommended,245470,9089185,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Goldfish Gerontologist Oceanhahn,"A lot of problems with their metrics, and not just to do with politics. For instance, having an advanced space program has no effect on the cost or efficiency of an advanced spy agency, which claims to involve ""spy satellites."" Smoking has no effect on Asthma rates, but -litter control does-. People can be self-employed AND state employees at the same time (which is neither impossible not a big problem, but is still odd). There are only two parties, no matter the state you play -- the game isn't designed to reflect a proper multiparty state, I suppose.My biggest issue is with the fact that your population is fixed. Immigration does not increase your population, but it does increase unemployment and depress wages.Which means that it --converts your native citizens into foreigners, who are by their nature, the game suggests, lazy and willing to work for less.--Disappointingly similar to Democracy 2.Feels a lot like the game's mod-friendliness is being used to treat inadequacies included with the game. Good relationship regime, but with a lot of flaws and missing links. Feels incomplete.Verdict: Wait for the Humble Bundle; pay a dollar."
,Recommended,245470,9091364,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Vortex_Smasher,"Democracy 3 was an experiment for me as I have never played a game from this Franchise or this type of simulation game yet on overview I can say nothing except BUY THIS GAME! This game is great for many reasons including finding out which groups of people would like your reasoning if you were elected prime minister/president of a country, who would equally dislike you, what groups after many terms of service would attempt to assassinate you whilst picking up an orphaned child...so on so forth. It can be used as a kind of moral/immoral gauge and a measure to see if you should be a politician. After about 20 separate games I can tell you if elected as Prime Minster of the UK I would be killed after 5 terms by either capitalists or liberals....if I make it that far. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,9092514,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,DANEgerous,"Excell the game, that is what it is it is like playing excel yet it is fun, I have no idea why but you mess with sliders you watch data you interpret that data and moves sliders. It is somehow nothing and yet it is fun as you can just make absurd nations particularly if you have workshop mods. I mean try to make a theocracy with free porn and LSD, it may work... not likely but it can."
,Recommended,245470,9092558,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Charith,"Having guided the UK to become a veritible utopia free of crime, poeverty, and unemployment, with vast weath for all in the face of global recession, I feel this game as prepared me well for a career in politics.Once I've used the knowedge I gained from this marvel to rise to Supreme Ruler of Earth and bring peace and prosperity to all, I shall look back fondly on my time with this game, thankful for the experitse it granted me."
76561198069558914,Recommended,245470,9092636,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cock_Conquistador,Game is great. I love all the ways you can play this game and the situations you can get yourself into
76561198133405124,Recommended,245470,16541748,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Zels3000,"A game where you adjust, implement, or cancel various policies to make your people happy and be re-elected for another term. Great for people who like games such as Civ.The interface can be a bit inconvinient at times, and I still havent worked out exactly what effects certain parameters.There are certain unconditional events that occur as times passes, such as global warming, that can be frustrating but can be modded out if you wish.7/10Overall a fairly good sim game, but I dont think it is worth the full price tag."
76561198028552138,Not Recommended,245470,16358791,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kazimierz,"Ok, but not great. Overly simplistic relationships between different aspects. Becomes VERY repetitive quite quickly as the range of 'random' events is limited."
76561198083207528,Recommended,245470,16359097,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,dubria,"I play as USA, I cut military spending to half, to gain some funds and gradually lower national debt to half, gained funds invest into Science and Research, get the best healthcare available, best state schools and get assassinated every time..."
,Recommended,245470,16360298,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Unholly Saint,"It's really hard to place this game.Positives:- There is a lot, and I mean a lot of things to tweak. This opens up the possibilty to create and test your own society.- The differences between the countries does refelect the real world to an extent.- The community is active and you can find a lot of cool mods in the workshop.Negatives:- The game can easily overwhelm you with all kind of decisions and disasters, things can go bad very easily- The dificulty curve is extremely steep, the game is utterly frustrating.I've only played the game for a couple of hours before hating myself. It can be fun, and can help broaden your horizon, but it's stressful and more than often frustrating."
76561198125687161,Recommended,245470,16391494,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kingofthewest9,"So far its been a great game with intresting mechanics and pace. If you're looking for a political/government sim, this is the best game possible. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,245470,16392898,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wilhelm_ryan,"Got rid of food stamps in the US. People were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the next turn.Outlawed alcohol, got assassinated on the next turn.11/10 for realism."
76561198170089415,Not Recommended,245470,16394429,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Blyatmobile,its fun but it keeps crashing
,Recommended,245470,16395090,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Scrunchie,Funded EducationLowered Military SpendingFree HealthcareCriminilized child laborRe-habilitated criminalsAssassinated by capitalists.10/10 Accurately portrays American political system.
,Recommended,245470,16404726,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,real leffy,Made a party named National Democratic Party and got assassinated by communists10/10 would get killed again
76561198063608002,Recommended,245470,16387219,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,marky1696,"The only complaint I have so far, is that being colourblind, I sometimes find it difficult to tell whether it is a red or green arrow which makes it difficult in some respects. If a colourblind mode could be introduced so that you could change the colours ever so slightly it would be very much appreciated!"
76561198123096568,Recommended,245470,16390114,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,zhaolong.soul,"The game concept is quite innovative. This is the first game have such a complex system. You need to make lots of trade-offs. However, I can't predict the bad events. If they have a system monitoring those index and have a notification about triggering bad events, it will be better."
,Recommended,245470,16390794,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chicken Permission,"If you're a fan of politics and policies, I would recommend this game. There is plenty of DLC to get and it can always change"
76561198043302732,Recommended,245470,16057661,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Doctor Bees,Fun way to pass the time. It looks complicated but after spending time with the game its actually easy to play.Worth the money.
,Recommended,245470,16336129,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cannonball adderly,"Bought it at 8 dollars, today it's 6 #GOTSTEAMED"
76561198086441051,Recommended,245470,16340913,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Penetrator_Salvation,Never thought it would be so hard to be president!
,Recommended,245470,16342947,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Romnen,I was on the fence about buying this game but it is great if you are interested in cause and effect relations and public policy! I also don't think i've ever been so frustrated in my life. Be repared for a challenge.
,Recommended,245470,16343772,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jakus,Paid $5 to be assinated by ethnic minorities and communists.
,Recommended,245470,16344356,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Col_Jessep,"Very entertaining game with lots of depth. Maybe the default settings are a bit on the easy side. I won my 3rd election with 96% approval and that seems a tad unrealistic under the best of circumstances. Nevertheless, a simplistic looking but rather complex strategy game. And why not take your favorite political ideas, implement them and see what would happen? =3"
,Recommended,245470,16344880,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,iyrsiiea,"In my brief stint as President of the United States I eradicated poverty, cracked down on crime, ended the Obesity epidemic brought about the dawn of a truly egalitarian society and brought clean energy to every corner of the nation. And then I was assasinated by the capitalists.10/10, would be assasinated again."
76561198018953344,Recommended,245470,16352391,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,lotto929,Turned Australia into a strict policed state to eliminate organized crime. Assasinated by Capitalist.10/10 would get assasinated again.
,Recommended,245470,17576294,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Illfiger,In 3 terms I:Abolished religionFound racial/gender equalityDestroyed capitlaismDefused terrorist threatsGot my country out of recessionHome to the most educated people in the worldLeading country in technoligcal advancementsPrevented cattle diseaseAssasinated by communist group.All in the name of thee infmaous Nazi Party.
,Recommended,245470,17469397,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,lionsilverwolf,"Good fun, and great to see if you can turn one country totally on itself, but would be better if it had slightly more of a graphical bent. As it stands I do not see why it can't be something you play on mobile, and that is meant as no insult to the dev team!"
76561198053000924,Recommended,245470,16573912,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,LT Burnsie,"Kind of out of place in my library, surrounded by Warhammer, Skyrim and Company of Heroes. I have had the game for 24 hours, and I have been assasinated 5 or 6 times, voted out of office 3 times and I still want to try again to forge a sucessfull government. Even though I like making death rain upon my enamies, I find this game to be very engaging and challenging.The only issue I have with it, is that there could be a bit more info for some of the game mechanics."
76561198201712683,Recommended,245470,16582117,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SOLUE,"great, um, prefer when you introduce a new policy and doesn't like what it does after clicking viewing it, can you cancel it immediately without political capita, because it made it hard to compare which policy is better to insert"
76561198162367189,Recommended,245470,16585216,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,lukeowensewell,"I got the default game and loved it, so i thaught why not get all modded? So i did, but everytime i tried running my game with mods it simpley crashed after the page where it says ""Political apathy, monarchy, complusary voteing etc. Help?"
76561198091329387,Recommended,245470,16589160,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lazeran,really fun to play
76561197961261610,Recommended,245470,16527761,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,im not suport,"In my opinion, its not too complicated and not too superficial."
,Not Recommended,245470,8989211,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,bangladeshi harsh noise band,It is so boring...
,Recommended,245470,16531995,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,λΔ,"This will give you a surprising look into the complicated connections of everything in a society. You may think that creating the government utopia you've always envisioned in your mind is the best way to go about things, but your failing GDP and electorate of upset [INSERT OPPOSITE IDEOLOGY HERE] will prove otherwise very quickly.Fun Tip: take the extra time to determine what you want out of a turn, quickly spamming a policy and hitting next turn will be your downfall.Complex and engaging, difficult if you hate compromising your ideals. It's just a video game but you'll learn something about yourself, politically speaking.I was assassinated in every play-through so far."
76561197962025274,Recommended,245470,16852628,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,outraged,To learn about why and how republican governments balance multiple interests and the lives of each and every citizen.
76561198115094432,Recommended,245470,16854140,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Somnium,"Made a law for genocide, ethnic minority went down.10/10 for realism."
76561198019728434,Recommended,245470,16867148,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Greg,"A surprisingly fun politics simulator with an excellent interface.  If you have a political itch, this will definitely scratch it."
,Recommended,245470,16372357,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ylav,The liberals kept trying to assassinate me because I had too many police. The police were stopping the assassinations. I got rid of the police. They assasinated me anyway. Win. :D
76561198072825839,Recommended,245470,16373788,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,pierceAJ07,"I taxed the rich to death, and they shot me to death.10/10"
76561198126622662,Recommended,245470,16374086,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,mraney4,I love games like this - I can play them for hours. Thank God there is an adjustable difficulty setting because I keep getting assasinated!
,Recommended,245470,16374412,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,g4p btw,"Warning: This game has a very basic UI consisting of mostly buttons and sliders, and although it is very well-designed, this is not a tycoon-type game. You interact with your citizens through policy and don't undertake any construction projects or anything of that sort.That said, I found Democracy 3 to be an immersive and sometimes challenging game once I got used to the system (red arrows are decreasing the factor and green arrows are increasing it. The color doesn't mean ""better"" or ""worse"" as you may think when you play the game for the first time) and have managed to get 98% of the German vote, with the other 2% being nonvoters. This is why I said ""sometimes challening""- I've effectively run out of policies to enact, have a huge surplus and no debt, and have no political enemies. I created a utopia and am now quite bored. Next time I may have to enact some more annoying policies to keep my political rivals competitive.Because there are 6 countries and near-limitless ways to play the game as it comes from the developer, I doubt that this ""issue"" will cause me too many problems and I will have many opportunities to make a problem state."
76561198086223850,Recommended,245470,16374545,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,swedishpopsensation,fun game.  ill share my first play through experience:-erradicate poverty-erradicate crime-have perfectly egalitarian society-have healthiest country in the world-have most educated (leading to multiple scientific advancements and even a nobel prize)-win first election with 76% of the vote-get assassinated by militant religious group (the capitialists were also plotting)the game must be perfectly designed.
,Not Recommended,245470,16375572,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,OddJawb,"I havent played this game very long, however, I have tried every combination of moves to stimulate GDP... Everything, and I mean Everythign ends up being a recession. Raise taxes.... Recession... Lower Taxes.... Recession...... do nothing... Recession.... This should be called ""Rescession Simulator 3"""
76561197970828289,Not Recommended,245470,16363521,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,RLJSlick,"It's ok, not as deep as it could be. Not enouch options to keep enough groups happy.  Not horrible but not really recommend."
,Recommended,245470,16357845,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CaptainShed,"From playing this I have realised that liberals are the most stupid, irrational and over-emotional people in politics. We are better without them."
,Recommended,245470,16365289,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,idl0r,Insert some text here.
,Recommended,245470,16366416,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,spderweb,"Got assassinated by a religious group led by a nun because I legalized Pot, Abortion, and Prostitution."
,Recommended,245470,16366584,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,wanleung,A Great Government Policy Similator.
76561198169038599,Recommended,245470,15872895,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The_Cadeinator42,"In Democracy 3, you can basically play however you wish. Each country starts with different situations. Some countries like France are easy and some are like the U.S. are very difficult. You do not have to choose what type of politician you want to be, you have to freedom to adjust or add policies to your liking that reflect your political view. The DLC for this game is also very nice. I especially like the extremism one; it allows you to insert policies that aren't exactly constitutional if you think about it. Overall , I give this game a 9/10. The only reason i didn't give it a 10 is because of a few spelling errors and one or two inaccurate effects of policies, but other than that, this game is almost perfect. This is the only place where you can make liberals and conservatives happy at the same time, but good luck doing the same thing with socialists and capitalists; I've been assassinated by both.9/10 would govern again"
76561198099442210,Recommended,245470,16918303,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Bee,s'alirihht
,Recommended,245470,16920074,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,FICUS,It's fine! Whatever! Assasinate me every time! I don't care anymore!5 stars.
,Recommended,245470,17464176,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Roe,got assassinated by small business owners.don't♥♥♥♥♥♥off convenience stores.
76561198080797898,Recommended,245470,17418977,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SEXY ZEBRAS,"This game is for those who are in-depth and want this to be as reall as possible because it is pretty close to reality. However the only bad thing on my part would be how easy it is to get assasinated, happens every time even when I do something they should like."
,Not Recommended,245470,17421486,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lord Oribron,"Meh. I think it's a well thought out game but it gets old fast. Of course, I am an action, RPG or MMO gamer so this is not necessarily up my ally. The concept sounded like a lot of fun because I enjoy politics and have a high opinion of our elected officials and I don't mean high as in good but high as in a large opinion about them. Figured it would be fun to see what good I could do with my style but it really does not allow for that in a way that is fun and captivating. Your better off with Tropico, you get much more rewarding results for your political choices :)"
76561198089656969,Recommended,245470,17113246,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dictaorofcheese,"Built up my Military to I suspect a million or so men, get killed by about 200-300 hippiesFive out of Five!!Most realistic game ever."
,Recommended,245470,12030786,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,CONSUME FOOTWEAR,"Gift this to your friend who keeps ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the goverment saying ""I CN DO BETR THN OBMA!!!!1!!"" And get him to shut the hell up.1776/10 Shuts up morons"
,Recommended,245470,15765000,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,SKY TURTLE,Great way to get a different experience out of a game each time you play it. I like the fact that it doesn't get repetetive easily.
76561198035014079,Not Recommended,245470,16742631,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,eaglewolf,"I thought this would be a good game..... control your country and decide what happens.  The problem is, whatever you do, someone comes along and kills you.  You need money to do anything, and the slightest thing will upset some group of people in your society.  I raised taxes on the rich, eliminated crime, saved the environment, created a fantastic education and health system, and then the rich businessmen killed me as they were not making enough money.  The game is realistic to a point, but then fantasy takes over.  In the real world, a government would control and police and army and prevent assassinations.  It is a very hard game, and every little aspect of society can be changed.  Once you learn the game it becomes easier, but not when someone kills you off for trying to create a better healthcare system.  Even with elections, I was getting most votes and winning the elections.  Everyone loved me as their leader apart from the odd rich terrorist.  Make the game more realistic by having someone in power until they lose an election or resign."
,Recommended,245470,16743231,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Baconvein,"Decmocracy 3 is a pretty great avenue for a quick entertaining play. I do have a liiiitle bit of an issue with the ammount and frequency of their DLC's. I mean, it's such a small game I think it would be a LOT classier to make some of these additions free updates."
,Recommended,245470,16745875,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,C S P G T P 2,I was assassinated by liberals for being too liberal.10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,245470,16746179,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gay Scientist Man,"Eliminate poverty, give equal rights to gays, push technology and science, remove discrimination.Capitalists and Religious hate me. What a surprise.10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥off Capitalists and Religious again"
,Recommended,245470,16748826,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ThePigDot,"Good game, not a lot of playability though, wait for sales."
76561197999485414,Recommended,245470,16750899,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,wmegenney,"Amazing game, simple, yet complex. If you love politics then you will love this"
,Recommended,245470,16623075,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gunpuku,be a presidentmake a lot of new policies .be a bad president.assasinated then start new game.Great simulation .
76561197970793896,Not Recommended,245470,16629242,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Fr0zen,"Hard to recommend. Played 90 minutes and unlocked 1/3rd of the achievments.The last game was funny, in a kind of absurd way. Playing France, I decided to do absolutely nothing, except answering the mandatory period question when it popped up. For all of these questions, I chose the most leftist option (do not extradite, ban nuclear tests, ban GM, ban animal experimentation, etc...). I dealt with the two resignations in my cabinet by appointing a random candidate.Basically, I clicked next, next, next... Public support oscillated between 76 and 94% and I got re-elected with 80+ percent of the votes. Maybe the fact that I paid off the whole debt and managed a 90 billion positive treasury helpded... But how realistic is that?The game is slightly more fun if you actually try to implement some extreme policy such as a pure authoritarian capitalistic society where drugs are legal or if you fire ministers on a whim. But even then, the nature of the game - one eventually significant event per cycle - make it feel  like playing russian roulette."
,Not Recommended,245470,16691807,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,[]\/[] [()] [()] [][K,"Kinda buggy and a lot of things don't make sense. For example, why does legalizing drugs cost a lot of money and increase crime and drug use so dramatically? Also, I was doing a lot of things to help minorities and address racial tension, but, because of unemployment, I was assinated by the ""Black Power"" group. It seems like the game is designed to make any decision have unintended consequences. This leads to a lot of non-winnable scenarios. Maybe it is trying to make it so that people hate you when you actually address the underlying issues, but that is a very cynical view that I don't enjoy."
,Not Recommended,245470,16435980,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,cow,The game has a lot of potential. But the learning curve is steep (infinite) and the game mechanisms are not transparent.  You will be assassinated out of the blue and a complex game like this that lasts for 10 minutes due to assassination is not fun.
,Recommended,245470,16665932,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,k.dot,"This game is an amazingly fun and time burning game. You can rise as a nation of glory or crumble into dust with the wrong leadership. The GUI maybe dull and flat, but the coding behind it can blow you away."
76561198036376124,Not Recommended,245470,16666796,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,OverLored,"Game can be finished very quickly, not much differentiation between different countries/policies. Fun for a couple of playthroughs, with some novel network-format data-display and simulation ideas, but gives no political depth or insight. Maybe get it on sale to kill a few hours; wouldn't pay more than £5."
,Not Recommended,245470,16606048,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Criz da Wiz,"Ultimately, it doesn't feel like a real simulation of democratic governance."
76561198073025975,Not Recommended,245470,16608575,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,cale720,Good game concept.  Very detailed in depth of amount of issues.  However the feel is very confusing when starting out.  Not the sim like Civilization but entertaining for screwing around with a country's system and see a theoretical outcome.  For the money I'd wait till is only a buck.
,Recommended,245470,16574463,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,mooy04,-Banned Juries-Legalized All Drugs-No Police Funding-No School Funding0% Approval ratingAssassinated by Ethic Groups.10/10- would destroy America again.
,Recommended,245470,16639313,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sessuro,"8/10Assassinations. They are everywhere lol. Honestly that they only bad thing I find about the game I understand with change people become upset but if I were to have the best security, jails, police, intelegence, etc you can rather quickly be assassinated. That being said you probably were assassinated /because/ you turn the country into a police state but still lol.Once the assassination check mark was removed (Yes I didn't feel like taking things slow and keeping everyone happy) I found short of trying to be capitalistic I could roughly do anything I want and get re-elected. Maybe it was because by the time I found the assassination checkmark I just knew what I was doing or not I don't know.Still it has replay value and is fun to try out different things with how you'd like the world to be. The mods are very nice too."
,Recommended,245470,9539592,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[TiC] Commitment,"I wanted to see what a world with pot legalized would be like. According to this game, there was a lot of benefits. 10 out of 10 would leaglize pot after playing this game."
,Recommended,245470,9666102,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Scatman Kieron,"A good game, gets a little boring after a while but shows how complex democracy can be!"
,Recommended,245470,8911463,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Niberium,"1. Force penalty for childbirth.2. Make healthcare worst possible.3. Provide free education.4. Close border.Watch how your people suffer, become intellegent, protest and die without archieving anything."
,Recommended,245470,8863474,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jayplaygame,Good game to keep you thinking.
,Recommended,245470,8434021,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tyco,"I would recommend this game because of it's ability to try and ""gamifiy"" politics and the political system while also making fun of it.I had a great deal of fun playing this game during class time or any time where I did not have to focus.  That being said this game is a bunch of sliders and for the price tag currently listed (20+) I would hold off buying it.Just wait until it drops in price."
76561198065607227,Recommended,245470,13838447,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Great Hobo's Beard,Definately an interesting game. Thought it was a bit too easy at first yet somehow on subsequent plays I can't emulate the success first time round and as such seems a deeper game than first thought. Good bargain!
76561197971027894,Recommended,245470,13860819,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,UglyBuckets,"Really well put together, however a bit repetitive"
,Recommended,245470,13873447,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,deadend85,you will have a hard time with this game early and a little bit of trouble in mid game and will be easy and boring late game
76561198075597702,Recommended,245470,13879783,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,eviel,"Mediocre game, but as far as political games go, its fantastic :)"
,Recommended,245470,15746228,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Carlos Teran,"Democracy 3 is an engaging simulation that correlates causes with effects, and applies those elements into the political arena."
,Recommended,245470,15962618,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,dash.galaxy,I want to be good at this game. I'm not.Got assassinated for being a commy with poor race relations. 10/10
,Not Recommended,245470,15967590,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Wolfeheart,"The idea of the game is great. The implementation is awful. There is almost always a global recession when you first start the game that basically makes everything impossible. With in 5 quarters I had a credit rating go from BB (at start) to C.Every policy is unbalanced. Legal drug taxes bring in almost no money at all. The game is heavily skewed towards conservatism in the majority of cases. Winning in this game just involves gyping the flawed logic, and not about politics.The only way this game could be an example of Democracy is to show how futile it is to try and do anything about it."
,Recommended,245470,15833808,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Richie Spaghetti,You've played strategic war games that incorporate some political aspects to it. This takes those features and multiplies it by 5. Democracy 3 truly quenches that thirst I had for a political and economic simulator and then some.
,Recommended,245470,15846847,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,A Name Goes Here,"- Started out removing all debt and having a 97% approval rating- Got re-elected- Legalize drugs- Focus on science spending- Create massive debt and create crime- terrorism is at the all time high, citizens die on a daily basis- Assassination attempts from 7 different groups- Dies during end 2nd term because of racial inequality10/10"
76561198100169881,Not Recommended,245470,15847440,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,76561198100169881,Apparently balancing the budget gets you killed.
,Recommended,245470,15746204,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Du_Meme_So_Gut,It is amazing as you can run a country properly and how want to without messing up world politics 11/10
,Recommended,245470,15807325,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,DrTy Words,"I feel like I let the game down. I guess I'm just not smart enough to affect change in a democratic society. I could make no notable headway, much like a real politician."
,Not Recommended,245470,15864883,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Mean & Unseen,"Hasn't been patched in years, developers are nearly idle.This game will simply not play on many PC's, I've ran it on 13 and it works on 7. The excuse is that's it's my antivirus removing files, although steam validates them all successfully."
,Recommended,245470,15834498,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Pvt. R. Gall [508th 1P]-1S,While this game is pretty simple it actually is pretty cool and fun and addicting and really makes you think about politics.
76561198192735583,Recommended,245470,15919393,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,SomeDude,"Government is a confusing subject, Democracy 3 captures the whole bubble of running a nation."
,Recommended,245470,15908793,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Young Dagger Dick,"Someday, I'll be good at this game. That day is the day I become dictator.9/11"
,Recommended,245470,15861865,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SUPERLID,"I freaking love this game, well thought out and well put together. Simple but extremely thoughtful and clever."
76561197973206419,Recommended,245470,15880420,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Madswitch,"I love this game but try to wait until it's on sale for 30% or greater.  This game is loads of fun for those with a political interest.  Honestly, this game could be run on a tablet so don't expect blockbuster production quality (although you can probably tell by the pictures).  Here's the good news: that's the worst part of the game. Once you get past the learning curve and can navigate the decision tree-esque format, the possibilities are endless.  You WILL get assassinated.  You WILL NOT get re-elected. You WILL get frustrated. But don't let that stop you.  The complexity of the game is honestly amazing and extremely educational.  You can tell the developers really spent a great deal of time on researching all the different policies and political climates for each country.  Throw all your preconceived political biases away and get ready to deal with an impossible populace.  A common complaint I am seeing is the socialist/liberal bias players feel exists.  I have to disagree.  There are times when you may have to implement a policy you don't personally agree with in order to get the votes.  That's politics and what makes the game so interesting.  I did have a term, though, where even the most devout socialists were wanting to cancel food stamps and other social welfare programs.  I have no clue why but the game will take frequent and unexpected turns. With that said, the bias would probably bother Americans the most (Yes, I'm an American. Don't get offended.) so if you're a European gamer I wouldn't expect an issue."
76561198014193881,Recommended,245470,15881736,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Afla,This game is great.
,Not Recommended,245470,15881897,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,『Murasaki Kirei~♥』,"So in this game, Taxes (Plunder)  are used to pay for Government Policies, So the goal here is to balance Plunder and Spending. Forget about common sense, if you have 100% Plunder and 100% Spending, then your GDP will be up up up. You would have to be a hardcore liberal to Believe that Redistribution of Wealth = Creation of Wealth. In Democracy 3, The only Negative Externalities that exist are Typical Social Issues like Pollution, Racism and Terrorism. Are you going to force people to be unemployed by creating a Minimum Wage? Fantastic, Thats what College Subsidies, Unemployment Benefits, and Food Stamps are for. The rich don't need all that extra money, Its not like they create jobs or anything o.O Tax and spend away!~Do you want more jobs? Raise taxes and make them! There is no free market :DBut yeah, you can have a progressive income tax and a flat income tax at the same time to double your income. which means you can pay Teachers more money, Pay people to stay at home, Pay the Poor to have Children, and overall Subsidize the Poor, While that is done, you can worry about the Asthma epidemic and ignore the fact that more than half of Americans are on perscription drugs. actually, Lets subsidize that too :DHave your cake and eat it too :D"
76561198021309997,Not Recommended,245470,13354854,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Smudgy,"Providing a unique look at how difficult it is to run a country in debt while simultaniously pleasing enough groups to get re-elected, Democracy was engaging and gratifying... for the first 3 or 4 terms. It gets bland and repeatative after the 5th time you turn down GMC and realize most choices don't have any affect on the country other than making one group happy and another angry. Getting out of debt, getting re-elected, and not getting shot in the head seem to be the only objectives, which seem to solve themselves once you get your empire going. Success has an accumulative effect, meaning if you win one election, you're going to win every other election.For lack of replayability, and a production cost that couldn't possibly come CLOSE to justifying the price it's marketed at, this game is a one play wonder at best, and a waste of money at worst.TL;DR = Interesting concept, but lacks depth, unique objectives, and is way too repeatitive. The price point is insulting for the quality of the finished product, and DLC prices just♥♥♥♥♥♥in the wound."
76561198106290494,Recommended,245470,13368048,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Squarebox64,Hate the capitalist!
76561198054993391,Recommended,245470,13371149,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,schweebong,"Playing Austrailia, I implemented very left wing and socialist ideals.  I eradicated poverty, crime, drug and alcohol abuse, tripled the GDP, brought about a space program and made people's lives all around better.  I was re-elected twice, the second with 92%.  I tried the same tactics with the US and was assassinated in the first 2 years.  Wondering if the game is a little too accurate.8/10"
76561198065863772,Recommended,245470,13371864,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Vallcuri,Seems like an interesting game. I've only played it for about two or three hours. I can't seem to get the swing of it. It appears that there is a learning curve. So stick with it for a bit and check out some of the forums.
,Not Recommended,245470,13373066,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Bolas,"Try to implement a reasonable policy of freedom, reduced taxes, reduced spending... gets you assassinated by progressives every single game, within the first few turns of the game.  It should be possible to be libertarian without getting assassinated by bleeding heart liberals every single game.  Assassination is fairly rare in politics today, without even a serious attempt being made in the last thirty years.  To have the game default to ""I  kill you"" if they don't like the policies you implement is rather annoying and lame.  Not all policy decisions are available to you as a result."
76561198073200123,Recommended,245470,14058577,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,social justice bard,"tried to make a more equal society, instead hightened racial violence and was assasinated by capitalists"
,Recommended,245470,13934442,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ZodGilla,GDP was at all time lowUnemployment was at an all time highI ended poverty by making everyone equally poor11/10 best socialist utopia simulator ever
76561198117001976,Recommended,245470,14049458,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,insiderunner42,The feeling you get when you finally do well after repeatedly failing is a great one. Requires a lot of thinking and is really interesting.
76561198102024168,Recommended,245470,13801314,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,--{-ZEVA-The 7th Divison,ive only played this game for a small while enjoyed it.... for a while i was doing fine everyone was happy had a good ammount of money most of the people were happy apart from the religious who i never could get happy they got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and assassinated me game over 10/10
76561198086944191,Not Recommended,245470,13801617,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Scott414,Very simple. Very hard to play because of the simple GUI but the gameplay is not simple. Its a great game for those are into it. Its excatly as it seems.
76561198100722430,Recommended,245470,14069344,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Da Bozz,"Played a couple of times (with the first two dlc/expansions installed).Initial impressions are its not a 'hard' game. Its like manipulating a graphical spreadsheet with hidden and time delayed formula linking key cells and trying to get a good balance in the key cells you're most interested in. That's not to say its not fun, if you like that sort of thing. I found it fun.You can build the government you want, research new policies etc ......  Every so often you have to win an election to stay in the game. To win the election you have to have the majority of voters vote for you. All good.BUT. You can get assassinated by extremists. OK, fair enough. But I created a liberal paradise with all the policies you'd expect, but with a strong police force and lots of surveillance (to remove organised crime, violent crime etc). I won two elections and was just about to win a third. My police kept warning me the corporates were unhappy with my high tax rates. Fair enough. I had game 'awards' for equality, eco friendly, health care, education etc - then a 'liberal extremist' assassinated me with a bomb. With no warning. Game over. Not sure how realistic that is. Anyway still a fun game."
76561198096949529,Recommended,245470,14093363,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Randy Bobandy,"gets rid of all restrictions on pollution so environmentalists hate me, gets an achievement for having the greenest country on earth10/10"
76561198026894751,Recommended,245470,13544344,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Elvenstar,The only way to be popular is to lead a communist governement so that everyone loves you except capitalists who assassinate me every time.The only way to be popular to no one except the capitalists is to lead a dictatorship with high poverty and a really unequal society.10/10
,Recommended,245470,13545383,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Raging Teddy,allows you to make only evolution to be taught in schools11/10
,Recommended,245470,13546923,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,TOG | Kaer Fyzarc,Make the world a better place: get assassinated by the capitalsts.Make the world an even better place: get assassinated by religious nutters quicker than the capitalists managed.ggOnly way to win is by going full police state maybe? No wonder the world is such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,245470,13460104,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,🌴 Disobey 🌴,sorry to say but wate of money dont know why i bought it very complicated as well if you dont understand the political agender>
76561198153028513,Recommended,245470,13461798,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Abell379,"This game is a very good simulator! If you're into simulator games, This is a must have!"
,Recommended,245470,13466565,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hurmuzaki,"Really fun and engaging game, and my personal opinion is that is has quite a good educational value.The elections keep it interesting and there is never a dull moment, nor does it feel repetitive.It is very well thought out, with a myriad of opportunities, and impressive feedback graphs and stats, that make it quite easy to get into and feel serious about the gameplay at the same time. Maybe all aspiring (E)MPs, cabinet members and presidents should be required to succesfully finish a campaign in Democracy 3.Some aspects could use a bit of improvement, like the fact that the sliding arrows sometimes obscure the name of an element on the user interface. While getting used to the UI is pretty quick, it can be a bit cumsersome to always have to navigate one's way around the sliding arrows in order to get the full information that one needs.Also, beeing able to have a flat income tax AND a progressive tax at the same time feels a bit like a cheat, altough it makes wonders to correct the budget deficit.Overall, it is a really interesting and unique game, it is not time consuming and I fully recomment it!"
76561198067636723,Recommended,245470,13547620,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Prezydent Indii,Best in its kind. I recommend it to everyone interested in politics.
76561198040059665,Recommended,245470,14202804,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Long Dong Silver,I essentially turned Canada into North Korea 12/10 would oppress the populace again.
76561198137985767,Recommended,245470,13991874,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,MittRomneyIsBae,Play this instead of studying for my political science classes at school. Get and A on the test. 11/10
,Recommended,245470,13994700,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,DaPhuuLz,"A game aboutsliders adjustmentand have you ownfunon whatever outcome you want for a country.Don't like Pollutions? Slide this and this and wait a few turn. Boom! Green Planet!Want to be a Country of Billionaire? Add/remove a few policy. Slide some around! BAM! We're Rich!and so on, and so on.Want to see how eff up a country can be? Sure can do!It's surprisingly fun and satisfying to just sliding bars and watch the outcome on your favor.You might get extra fun if you're not satisfy with your current country policies or something... lol-Recommended!!-"
,Not Recommended,245470,13996618,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,MKUltra,"Loved the game at first, but flaws in the game logic appear with multple play-throughs. It's very unbalenced, too - you'll do well going liberal/socialist, but capitalist interests are very under-represented and going Libertarian (even moderate) is basically impossible. The developer's politcal preferences show through unfortunately and colour the game mechanics."
76561198103641880,Not Recommended,245470,14044325,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PyroOne,"In all honestly this game was completely not what i thought it was, this game reminds me of something i might find onFreegames.com. For the content they provide for the money you pay is without a doubt down right crap. All my scenarios had ended either with me bing shot or the other party gaining more votes."
76561198037202247,Not Recommended,245470,13987963,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,adzebill,"This game has serious flawsFirstly it's almost exactly the same as Democracy 2. They haven't even bothered to give the interface a serious lift.Secondly the UI is frustrating to use. Do I want to check how I can spend my political capital without the game prompting me to spend it whenever I leave the page? YES PLEASE.Thirdly do yourself a favour and disable the assassination feature in the main menu options. It's ridiculous that a game that is supposes to simulate real life political decisions has you being offed by moustache twizzling capitalists after two years in government, supposedly in a very socialist country (I had to disable it to play as Germany, it was too annoying having a 99% approval rating and being assassinated by ""capitalists"", who'd presumably not done their homework on what a political assassination does to a marketplace). There are a lot of idiotic reviews below by people with the same fate who thought it was highly amusing and then no doubt never played the game again, however for serious players it's a deal breaker. You could make an app with that kind of complexity, not a £20 PC game.Fourthly despite having a facade of collecting data on your ""country"" it doesn't actually reproduce anything useful - like a projection of what a spending cut or tax increase would do to income next turn. You have to work it out yourself, something I doubt a world leader has to do for all the reports and projections that get thrust in your face. The game doesn't have enough data really, once you break through the simplistic UI you're on your own, and the cause and effect feels randomised even with the pointers given, and highly frustrating (I play lots of serious strategy and this game isn't serious or in any real sense strategic).TThose are my complaints. Buy this game if it's in the sale and you want 2-3 hours of enjoyment getting assassinated. If you're looking for anything deeper, or it's at its current price £18.99 or about $30.00 - don't even bother."
76561198170720634,Recommended,245470,13989816,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,jaredmoreno706,free heacare and i get kiled
,Not Recommended,245470,13964902,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,veive,"Not recommended.The game does not allow for changing viewpoints over time, so virtually your only option is to run your country into the ground in whatever particular fashion your population desires. It's not possible to impliment a slightly unpopular policy, and have it improve conditions to have the debuff go away over time."
76561198070949786,Recommended,245470,13967053,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Billy Mayonnaise,Ruled Canada 10/10
76561198025056151,Recommended,245470,13950120,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Darkstar1484,"Overall a good game, but with a few issues I've found. Unsure if it's me or my friends governing style but America always seems to send assassins after us when we make any social changes, and it is a bit frustrating that a lot of the new policies from the expansions have a lower impact than they really should (looking at you antigrav technology). I found the game fairly interesting overall but it did feel a bit arbitrary at times given reactions, also would have helped if eachnation had clearer differences for how they were actually unique to each other. Also since the american government is not a parliament it did feel...odd using that model for the game. While it did have its issues I did enjoy it overall and would reccomend it."
76561197971079685,Not Recommended,245470,13953917,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Kunty,"Fixed on cliched moderate views. No balance for either left or right wing policy.Also, since when do acid-trippers cause so much crime? If we learned anything from the 60s it's that hippies are mostly harmless.I deleted this game not long after playing."
76561198079351913,Recommended,245470,13945941,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,FlavinBiscuits,Excellent game.
,Recommended,245470,13946174,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GraviterX,Made America equal for all and abolished discriminationKilled by black people for being racist11/10
76561198039005312,Not Recommended,245470,13946568,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Eleandar,"Not worth the price. For 23€, you expect more than 2 hours of gameplay.It takes more time to learn to play than to beat the game. After 4 playthrough, I didn't find anything to make the game challenging except the instant game over due to random assassination."
76561198123148531,Recommended,245470,13972658,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Zerg_Rush,"Nice game, challanging but not too difficult to enjoy this is one of those rare games that finds the perfect balance. But you shouldnt take your own political views into account with this otherwise you'll quickly lose"
76561198049723959,Recommended,245470,14167272,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,diogovk,"Never thought making policys would be fun.Honestly, there were many concepts in politics that I didn't know before playing the game, and also the connections between the many possible policys.You can see that many seemly innocent policies have serious side effects.It really changed many things in the way I see politics.I really hope the next version includes more graphics and media.It'd be cool if there was a video of the riots, and something more ""vivid"" in the assassination attempts."
76561197972599849,Not Recommended,245470,14168490,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Owain,A dull game with limited functionality or feedback.
,Recommended,245470,14172169,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Hughes,very fun game for those interested in politics
76561198074809853,Recommended,245470,13999072,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,âncora,"+ Incredible amount of depth in such a simple design+ Sound bites are enjoyable, and not so prevalent that you become annoyed+ UI, while at first daunting, allows for tons of functionality; the minimalist design is crisp and visually pleasing+/- The occasional large decisions that must be made at the end of the turn do not display possible effects; it's not made clear what kind of impact your decisions will have => could have a simulation of the impacts in finance of the decisions. This would extend the time spent in each turn and make possible better decision making+/- There are some parameters used in all countries that are originally from USA political history, i.e., there isn't a debate about creatinism in german schools- Tutorial was a bit lacking, and might turn some people away => but, the game being made for a niche, it's ok.9/10"
,Recommended,245470,14024014,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,zVixual,Quite possibly the HARDEST game I have ever bought. But it was worth every damn penny.10/10
,Not Recommended,245470,14015954,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,The One Free Manikin,"A great idea, but very poor execution. Plays like a beta. Extremely poor interface, very poorly simulated politics, very very stupid idea of ""assasinations"" where disgruntled citizens stand in line to kill their democratically elected president/PM. Very few countries to play as (and the extra community made ones seem to range from terrible to ""ok""). All of this would be more acceptable if this wasn't the THIRD version: its creator obviously knows more how to milk a product than to improve it."
,Recommended,245470,12374523,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Matt,"Really enjoying this and am very happy that, when i tried to nationalise everything and create a socialist super state, the capitalists assassinated me very quickly because i wasn't giving much attention to national security. Really makes you think."
,Recommended,245470,12374559,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,optimusprima,"Rule Germany for over 20 years with GDP surplus 100 Billion Euros, got assassinated by Liberal group.Who said giving people money would silent them?10/10"
,Recommended,245470,12374653,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Suttner,"Very nice game! Maybe a bit too easy, as it only took a couple of hours to get everything and master everything and also keeping everyone happy. If it was this easy, I'd become a politician myself xD"
76561198077808116,Not Recommended,245470,12376038,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,bzombo,This game sucks. I highly regret this purchase.
,Recommended,245470,12377062,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rost,"Wow. Primitive to learn, but hard to master.  Makes me think - I like it."
,Not Recommended,245470,12377557,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Shockeray,"A lot of work has gone into this game, but it is too unrealistic for my tastes."
76561198092555785,Recommended,245470,12378006,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lord13,Great game for those that want to get inot politics.
76561198032177566,Recommended,245470,12378863,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Lu,I played this game for 8 hours straight.British people must be thankful for what I did for them.
,Recommended,245470,12379481,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sir Remove Kebab,This game is a really good game! BUT IT CRASHES SO MUCH! I think I have to many mods but it's CRAZY.
76561198009653590,Recommended,245470,12380472,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,THE INFAMOUS SCUBA STEVE!,"Tons of fun. Crashed and burned on a few play throughs, but on my third, solved all of the problems and started a golden age of enlightenment for my people."
76561198037609473,Recommended,245470,12361406,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MCBOS,"gg, created a dictatorship and got assasinated by liberals.9/10, although lots of space for improvement."
,Not Recommended,245470,12361649,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Shdwshard,"A solid concept which falls somewhat short in execution.  The gameplay becomes very stale after ~1.5-2 terms, the graphics are somewhat lackluster, and there is significant lag when returning to the main issues screen of the game, every single time.  Issues repeat after a while as well, adding to the stale feel of the game.Some parts of the game have a very propoganda feel to them in terms of what policies affect what outcomes, and wording on some issue descriptions also conveys a propoganda game feel.Overall, OK, but, given the repetitive gameplay, serious flaws in implementation, and borderline propoganda parts, I can't really recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,245470,12361789,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,phoe,go full nazi and win election :D
,Recommended,245470,12362318,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,♣ ⒹⒺⒶⒹⓅⓄⓄⓁ♣,"I got assasinated by chrishtians even thought they loved me.Then next game I ot assasinated because I had a big army. 100,000,0000,0000,000,00,00,0000,0,00,0,,00,,0,,00,0,0,0,0,00,0,0,0/10"
,Recommended,245470,12362872,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Meekah,"Banned religion and invested into making the country a green utopia. Every citizen was highly educated and got free medical treatment.Assissinanted by a group of ""hyper-wealthy-capitalists"".10/10"
,Recommended,245470,12362911,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NaVi'Jendi,"A nice little toy if you like spreadsheets and simulations. it has a bit of a bias towards communist/socialist ideology, but other than that, it's pretty great"
,Recommended,245470,12363138,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,YMAN3000,"Got assassinated more than 5 times already in the USA, then went to UK and got elected 2 times! :)"
,Recommended,245470,12364136,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,JL31,time killer game
,Recommended,245470,12364516,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,CogNitive,Fun game
,Recommended,245470,12203899,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ro,"The biggest accomplishment isn't to get one of the rare achievements this game has.Is to do it without getting assassinated 30 times.Seriously, you can't please everybody. Just like real life!"
76561198058647664,Recommended,245470,16640235,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jammy Splash,This is really (insert cuss word here)ing fun if you like political games. 4.9/5 stars
,Not Recommended,245470,16822215,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ZeosPantera,"You're the Motherf*cking president of a country. This is the upside, the downside however is that if you are more of a fan of action games, this is not for you. it does have some kick @ss mods however."
76561198067671687,Recommended,245470,16196301,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Pen&Sword,"Wonderfully in depth. This game is really good for people who like to tweak the little things and notice how they change the bigger picture. Once you've played it a while, some of the scenarios will end up repeating themselves (as in, you'll basically always be targeted by at least one group wanting to kill you.) Overall though, a fun way to feel powerful and kill time."
,Recommended,245470,16109161,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,thebeggerpie,Don't play it with a group of radically different leaning people. It doesn't end well.
,Recommended,245470,16109662,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Nycroth,"This is a fantastic game... and sadly becomes old too quick. If the game gave you the formulas it used to calculate how things affected your country, the game would be a problem of algebra instead of strategy. Don't get me wrong, it is more fun than you could want from a game about politics. The only problem: once    you understand what's going on, the game becomes very easy very quickly. Only a few policies matter and control almost all of the voter sway. It's still fun to zero religion and motorist voter numbers.Linux note: beautiful experience. Couldn't have designed it better myself. There are bugs, but they're not deal breakers.I'd suggest you get the game, it's really fun to craft utopia. Just know you'll end up turning it into a police state just so you have things to do in the end."
,Recommended,245470,16431401,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Stealth Chainsaw,"Acheived ""Crime Free Utopia""Was assasinated next turn.10/10 would be assassinated by religious groups again."
,Not Recommended,245470,16431613,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Sentinel,I wish I never bought the game. The constant asssasinations are more unrealistic than any other element of the game.
76561198164704606,Recommended,245470,16433785,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,dmorrow5,"I played... Got assainated. Tried again the make everyone happy.... within 30 minutes... got assainated. Once again I played to my strengths... and the d$#@ socialist assainate me everytime. So i turned assaination off and became America's president and ended crime, poverty, homelessness, and have trillions upon trillions in reserves. HAHAHAH take that Socialist America 10-10"
76561198087912961,Not Recommended,245470,10723610,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sandhouse,The game seems to have a lot of glitches and doesn't do what you tell it to. Too bad.
76561198031903340,Recommended,245470,10804350,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,WeenPlay,This game is fun. Especially when you try to turn a government completely in the opposite direction with the sole challenge of not getting assassinated.
76561198071705439,Recommended,245470,10805456,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Eragon Stormrage,7/10
,Recommended,245470,10786992,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,spectrumrays,"My background is studying political philosophy at university, so I sort of dove into this head on with the expectation that this was going to be a cluster♥♥♥♥.And a cluster♥♥♥♥ it was. But I enjoyed it. In that masochistic kind of way."
,Recommended,245470,10631908,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Totally Awesome Controller,"It's just buttons, sliders, charts, and graphs, and yet the clear systems of feedback and complex networks of cause and effect make it a thoroughly engaging simulator."
,Recommended,245470,10631968,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Matt,"Not the most involving game in the world as all you are doing is deciding on where to move some sliders to.Difficulty wise you seem to be able to win comfortably or lose spectacularly, which is kind of disappointing as you'd hope for some competition.On the whole, if you can pick this game up on sale, it's worth it as it does have some good ideas and implementations of them but for full price you'll probably be left wanting a bit more for your money6/10"
76561198079952204,Recommended,245470,10636237,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kynan360,Pretty good game but a bit confusing to pick up.
76561198007179814,Recommended,245470,10637764,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,dr_toze,An absolutely unique management game with a fascinating interface. I was assassinated the first time and now on my second everyone loves me including the 92% of my population which are ethnic minorities!?
76561198039243305,Recommended,245470,10637799,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jagwahr,3 different religious groups are plotting against me right now... great game!
,Recommended,245470,10672510,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MachineOsaurus,Great game. Tons of fun to play if you like politics.
76561198076980058,Recommended,245470,10672943,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DouchePool,"I don't have a lot of time in on this game, but believe me you will hate it. Not really hate like you wasted money, more to the tune of a drug addiction. Yes, heroin is bad, but you can't stop. It is, in other words crazy, not only need to follow your own beliefes, but also make everone else happy. seriously fun game and I expect to have more fun as my hours climb. That been said I bought it on sale and while I like in depth games I myself am not a hardcore gamer, so I would strongly recommend getting on sale."
,Not Recommended,245470,10676045,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Th30be,I liked the idea of the game but this game is pretty boring after you figure out how to slove the problems of the country because it is the same for all of the countries.
,Recommended,245470,10676882,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,duffym,"I absolutely love this game, it is what I've enjoyed about entertainment because it doesn't rely on spectacle or flashiness, it's all about the complexities and delight of the experience."
76561198008667476,Recommended,245470,10677046,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ProPAIN,"For all you government nerds out there, this game is for you. It's pretty fun to try and make your country fall to either side of the extremes, or just try to balence everyone out and make everyone happy. Great game to pass the time with, and requires so little  to have it run. I have it on my MSI notebook and it runs great. Even though it is a single-player, it's loads of fun. And if other friends have it, it's great to see how they played as well (also to rub it in that they got assassinated and you survived all the way)."
76561198078031344,Recommended,245470,10678496,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tengen Toppa ShyKittyBabe43,Capitalists hated me and  I managed to get 2 trillion dollars in debt. 10 out of 10
,Recommended,245470,10667424,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bulletproof,This is an addiction warning.... ;)
,Recommended,245470,10668818,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Blon,Very interesting and complex. Turned into quite a time sink for me.
76561198141392790,Recommended,245470,10670437,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,regev1805,i like this game
,Recommended,245470,10671123,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,oideun,"I just happen to love politics simulators. If u're like me, u're gonna love this one :)"
,Recommended,245470,10671919,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[P4S] - Canotsa,Made socialist America.. 10/10 would be president
,Not Recommended,245470,13427494,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Daedhart,"This game is the proof that humans are horrible at governing themselves. The fun of the game would come from solving all the world's problems, but no matter what you do, something else will break. This is perhaps a good game for a masochist who wants absolute realism at all times, but I cant recommend as a video game. I appreciate a challenge, but this game is basically a no-win scenario...and once I realized that nothing I did mattered, I quickly became dejected at playing and the thrill wore off almost instantly.At least its possible to win rogue-likes. Maybe its possible to ""win"" this game, but Im not dedicating any more of my time to trying."
76561198023318815,Recommended,245470,13483050,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Mr.Controll,"While the ""vanilla"" game is good, the mods are virtually indispensable.  The various DLC and mods help a fair bit, but tend to stilt the features in one direction.8/10"
76561197970672089,Not Recommended,245470,13486695,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,hellion,"5/10 - Don't waste your time (or money). Not worth more than $5This game has a surprising lack of depth and options for it's pricetag. It feels more like a freeware Flash game than anything else.In addition to lacking depth, the game is unbalanced and skewed depending on which country you play. If you choose to play any country other than the United States you might make it to the next election and get voted out of office.Playing as the United States is essentially a Catch-22: For example, if you choose to play as the United States, you will either 1) Reduce the military spending drastically to prevent a debt crisis, then get assassinated for doing so or 2) create a massive debt crisis by maintaining absurd military spending levels which will cause you to be assassinated.When I played as the United States I was almost always assassinated by 'Black Power' groups in spite of making no choices that would affect minority groups in a negative way. In the last game I played, I was assassinated by a 'Black Power' group one turn after passing a Non-Discrimation Act.I would not recommend spending more than 5 dollars for this game, it's just not worth it considering the lack of options, depth, and replay value. 1994's ""Shadow President"" is more fun and you can get that for free from Abandonware websites."
,Recommended,245470,13508392,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Cheese,"Really good little game with a nice amount of complexity without the annoyance of micro-management . Although it isn't that difficult and the crises the game throws at you aren't likely to make an impact. Still worth a buy, i'd give it a solid 8/10."
,Not Recommended,245470,13510620,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Warchild skinhub.com,"Maybe I was expecting something else, but... as much as I enjoy politics and strategy, this isn't my cup of tea. Dull bubbles and buttons telling me data."
,Recommended,245470,13469885,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,im rick harrison,Complex yet simple in a way and definitely addictive. Always fun to win an election by 100%.
76561198065834646,Recommended,245470,13471491,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,FortZax,I highly recomend this game for those who want to be world leaders. As a game it is very well made and has a good balance of difficulty.
76561198044621016,Not Recommended,245470,13472956,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Bread 2,"Nice core concept, needs a lot of work.I was Assassinated by capitalists 12 times in Britain.4/10"
,Recommended,245470,13528261,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,HunBar,"This game is most definitely NOT for everyone.It's basically a nation-ruler, utopian/ distopian (depending on how you play) sim, but with next to zero graphic fulfillment. You manipulate a series of (rather detailed) data points that are all interrelated to your country.As a political junkie, I love it. Just know what you're buying before pulling the trigger.My one critique is that it is admittedly too easy."
76561198091570458,Recommended,245470,13530416,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sean,"If you are any fan of simulation, stratigy, or just politics in general, this game is the one for you."
,Recommended,245470,13532665,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,|ÅΩ|Niickopotamus,The game can be a bit daunting in the beginning and challenging to make it beyond the first term but it maintains a level of challenge and fun. Other than my challenge of progressing beyond the first term (more a reflection of my abilities) I have recently been having an issue where the game starts to glitch and the menus become blank and the game becomes unplayable.Pros:- Challenging- Unique game- Gives a fairly accurate experience to what a national leader may deal withCons:- At times overly challenging even on lowest difficulties- Some bugs with the game (at times making it unplayable)- Lacks some political actions I'd want to have  (though workshop in theory could solve this issue)
76561198130032980,Recommended,245470,13795367,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,lucas(PBUH),"A great game with lots of depth. Democracy 3 has the most inovitive UI of any game I have come across. If you get board just replay and try and turn your country into a police statepros:-nice interface-compicated policy decisions-Assasination is irratating if not turned off-lots of ingame choicescons:-very little to distrupt you when you have solved all problems-too  expensive to be bought at full price ( I got it in sale)-only two party systemA great game that sadly doeas not have enough content to justify the price, however if you are lucky enough to get it on sale I emplore you do do so!"
76561198080061765,Recommended,245470,13797570,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Supreme Anarch,"I made an evil version of the US government, got almost assassinated daily, and crashed the stock market.10/10"
76561197977989409,Recommended,245470,13745640,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Unearthed,"This is a quite different game when compared to other titles.  To put a long story short, I really like this game.  I am the type of person that always wondered how hard it would be to run a country.  The UI of the game makes it easy to undertand how policies are interconnected throughout society along with the effects on a populous. There are many issues in the game and it's your job to solve the problems through policy.Just as a FYI to beginners, please turn down the difficulty so you can learn the game.  I tried to manage the US on 100% diffuculty and was assisinated.. LOL.  This is a really fun game and relies on strategy and critical thinking.  Think you can increase the GDP and save a country?  This game is for you.10/10 The is the  best purchase I have made this year on steam.  I can't wait for Democracy 4!!"
76561198119848761,Recommended,245470,13813724,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SubTRfugE,"I really enjoyed this game, you are put into a position of power and how you wield it dictactes whether the people will like you or not.word of advise♥♥♥♥♥♥off the liberals to much and they will assassinate you, same goes for the capitalist cause they will murder you too."
,Recommended,245470,13814464,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Netr0,Found this game to be pretty interesting. I spent my first 10 games being assassinated and losing elections. But once I found a balance of keeping people happy and balancing the budget. It became easier. Would give this game an 8 out of 10.
76561198085566163,Recommended,245470,13789434,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jimlad,"Great game! I love how in-depth all of the different aspects of this game are, and it's easy to get suck into the simulation of your country. In the future, though, I'd like to see more ways to avoid assassinations.9/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,13670530,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,leems,Not very fun after a few plays.
,Recommended,245470,13670552,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FuS,Highly recommended!
,Recommended,245470,13672703,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,GazzaMan262,"Good game, Very funny does get boring after awhile."
,Recommended,245470,13672985,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spedius,"Made America into an Ultra-Patriotic Conservative haven, and NO DEBT!Within 2 terms.Obama = rekt10/10"
76561198087798689,Recommended,245470,13675600,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,scottbob09,Fun game to trear your hair out with.  Make decisions and make your country a better (or worse) place.
,Recommended,245470,13676325,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ッ,"I had just been informed that I had made Australia a crime-free utopia when I was assassinated.It's a good little game with nice depth, but the chances of being assassinated are way too high considering that you can't directly look at the issues that extremists care about or what influences membership of these groups.8/10.Worth buying on sale."
,Recommended,245470,13699225,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Apathy Man,"This is a tentative recommendation in that I feel this game becomes easy and repetitive rather quickly. However, with enough mods it is probably considerably replayable. If you find it on sale it is likely worth the price."
,Recommended,245470,13700819,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,󠀡Hue,Fun and Addicting
76561198072105269,Recommended,245470,13701059,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Morphues Buress,I made a socialist/crime-free utopia and I got shot up by nuns.11/10
,Recommended,245470,13703075,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,2CreditsToStart,said group wants to assassinateme...make/fixpolicies to help said group...gets assassinated next turn by said group10/10
76561198026554385,Not Recommended,245470,12356439,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Proudsoul1,"Ok so I have been wanting to play this game a LONG time. Now that I have I cant recommend it to anyone. I have been Assassinated by the Black Panthers 7 times. I have gone Ultra liberal. Conservative,Moderate and always killed by them . the games AI is not good. its too bad ..it could have been a good game. Now it was a waste of $12.00."
,Recommended,245470,13703299,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,One Guy,"Interesting game and gives you a new appreciation of appealing to ""popular demand"" rather than your own personal preferences.It has a simple layout, though is relatively complex once you look at the bones of it.....especially with the expansion packs with increase the amount of policies you can introduce.I would recommend it, though only if you atleast purchase one expansion pack to prolong your interest."
76561198093761996,Recommended,245470,13703390,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,egg,"I like the game, but I wish there was a way to input libertarian policies (ex. option to leave the market alone, several options that keep the government out of people lives, etc.)."
76561198074251137,Recommended,245470,13677478,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,WHOIS ahmongus,"Awesome game, very interesting to mess around with and learn."
,Recommended,245470,13668340,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ライスファーマー,I was assasinated too many times in my 3 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,245470,13677723,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jawajoey,"Manages to be fun while still being a depressingly insightful glimpse into why politics is the worst.What matters is public opinion and polticial capital. Everyone wants free stuff, but free stuff costs money. Principles and morals are a byproduct, to be compromised at will for convenience and to save your own♥♥♥♥♥ You never have a clean slate, you're always dealing with the last guy's problems. It's super easy to blame all your problems on the global economy, which is always getting worse.Yup... now it really makes sense why public policy sucks the way does.The game is fun, though. It's like a constant puzzle. You're always trying to determine which, of the many things you can do, do you want to do, which can you do, and which will enable you to do more things later.I think it's overpriced at $25, but it's definitely worth playing at a sale price."
,Recommended,245470,13678206,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Space Ghost Coast,Although there is no immediate way to kill the poor...
,Recommended,245470,13680404,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,jryan3242000,"Build a nation to be a shrimmering utopia, then when everything is perfect, plug it into a deep dark hole of alcoholism, obesity, and volence. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,13680512,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,MrBeelzeboss,"Got killed by ""The Lord's Crusaders""10/10"
,Recommended,245470,13682140,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Knud den Store,"I turned the Uk into a paradise free of crime, discrimination, pollution, unemployment where everyone was treated equally, had a great wage, and enjoyed the best healthcare the world could offer, and liberals would still be mad at me.10 / 10"
,Not Recommended,245470,12337929,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,KOSAPAN,"this game is minimal and totally unintersting,  never felt so bored with a game before ...  unfortunately can't even bother asking for a refund"
,Recommended,245470,12339876,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,luis3007,"Great game, takes you into a simulation of how government works!! Need more countries released as official add-ons since some mods scramble the game without care."
76561197995614523,Recommended,245470,12340078,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,piduck,"I have mixed feelings on this game.  It's a type of game I enjoy, and is well executed, but its content doesn't really justify its asking price.  The interface is well designed and the game mechanics are quite intuitive; the graphics are not flashy, but neat and well designed.  However, it feels very small.  Democracy 3 represents politics as a graph, and is essentially a puzzle; but it didn't take many attempts to crack it, and the additional countries provide only a little challenge since the policies and dynamics are the same for each.  Although everything's connected, it always comes down to managing national debt, productivity, and crime.I'm happy to have paid the £6-odd I did for it in a Steam sale, and I think it's pretty good at that price.  But the full asking price seems pretty steep for a game so simplistic.  It is about halfway between 'hardcore' and 'casual', perhaps slightly more on the casual side.  Here are some changes I would have liked:* Randomly generated (fictional) countries* Existing countries more realistic (I'm not pleasing America's Communist demographic enough?  Really?  And why is it so easy to reduce car usage in a country so reliant on cars?)* More detailed differences between countries - there doesn't seem to be much to take into account e.g. population density, natural resources, and other fixed differences between countries.* More!  More policies, statistics, everything.  There's DLC but the original game feels a bit light.That said, the game is moddable, so who knows what it will look like in a few years time?Overall, recommend tentatively."
76561198054033158,Recommended,245470,12341359,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Golradir,"Very fun for those interested in politics, both educational and comical."
76561198005771453,Recommended,245470,12343710,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Marr,Cool!
76561198025060040,Recommended,245470,12343831,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Altihex,"It's complicated but fun. It'll make you see things in a different way.If you get it cheap, get it asap. It's worth a look."
,Recommended,245470,12354610,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,hiphoptherobot,This is one of the best games I've ever played in my life.
,Not Recommended,245470,12355875,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Clone727,Disappointing. Moving sliders can only get so exciting.
76561198137665245,Recommended,245470,12356232,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,C3POTATO,"Being into politics I can say that this is a fun game to play. You can make your own rules, but keep in mind that it's not easy to keep everyone happy. I got assassinated after raising the drinking age. Then you can download mods for other countries which adds more fun to the game. For instance I'm into the Israel and Middle East, and I got the Israel mod and I love it. I finally got everyone to like each other but then was killed by someone from the religious group for banning abortion and legalizing same sex marriage. Oh well. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,12356809,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Euphoria,I've played it so much that I've managed to make everything happen... The only ones who remain hating me seem to be every other country.
76561198128982176,Recommended,245470,12080703,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Edrichs,"Very nice game,takes a little long,but is very fun.It would be nice though if it had more countries to choose from"
,Recommended,245470,12203961,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,"""Beeswax,"" said Sean Bean","It's a pretty good game. I don't know why I don't play it more, but it's well made and if you like the idea of controlling a country that's all in your head, do yourself a favour and get this game."
,Recommended,245470,12225362,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Knight-Captain Biscuit,
76561198025550724,Recommended,245470,12287127,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,[ADE]AmanteProfissional,"Awesome game, it follows (not perfectly) the most important concepts about socioeconomics in general and gives a fun and educational experience when it comes to juggling with policies... a few moments ago I was assassinated by socialists for implementing too many pro GDP policies :p I recommend this game if you like politically and economically oriented games"
,Recommended,245470,9023545,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Soixante,"Democracy 3 is a really great political strategy game. It lets you run a country the way you feel it should be run. I absolutely love playing germany, though if you are looking for a challenge, try playing America."
76561198074515295,Recommended,245470,12261256,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,BoomBoxOi,Always get law and order♥♥♥♥♥♥first or you are doom. Make sure you have alot of a nationlist to kill out the immagrations because those ♥♥♥♥♥s will come and kill you and crime alert. Also try to make sure your gdp your first thing on your list because when the gdp is bad your ♥♥♥♥ed. Now when people try to kill you just keep on dodging those bullets. boom first f-ing achievement.Now also on your 2nd list make sure education is in the green and  any time you see a red bubble try to elimate that 3rd on your list. Also liberal and religion you are going to have one of these guys hating you no matter what you do.Also if you go all liberal you can elimate religon and another achievement and the same thing with religon but you need 100% of it. So also make your sure army overwhelming trained or you are getting invade today. Also all ways 4th on that list destory asthma. Parents will love you for that ;). Now 5th on this list is to try to evade having lazy people and what i mean you will have fat people in your streets and here goes another f ing bubble for you. Now lets see 6th on the list to not follow any of this unless your going to go all suicide bomber. Yup and also try to add mods helps out in the game.
76561198091700063,Not Recommended,245470,12253821,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Monkeu,"i used to love this game and loved playing it, but now it keeps crashing on me over and over again for no reason, and every time i try to send an error report to the game makers, i can an email report saying that server doesnt not exist, please fix what ever is wrong so i can play again, but just to add when i ever add even a single mod to the game it crashes on me, with no mods it works fine but with any mod it crashes, it shouldnt do that i want to be able to play with mods, it makes the game more fun"
,Recommended,245470,12280912,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Junke1990,"I simply love it, at first it's a lot to take in at once but later on the game isn't complex enough"
76561197974590638,Recommended,245470,12369386,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,wing46man,"What an excellent game! It accurately portrays the impossibility of explaining to the public that I as the president or prime minister have no way of affecting the price of oil, the economy as a whole, or the ability to print money at will.  How amazing it is in it's depiction of the incredibly stupidity of the average voter."
,Recommended,245470,12369491,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,QUEPANBIA,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game, but only at sale price. It is a challenge to avoid being assasinated, but once you master it you can basically run unoposed indefinitely. However, it can be fun to have a nation rise to success, then make it crumble. It's ridiculously simple to mod, and with them you can make it ever more complex. Just be aware that some of them may cause it to crash, particularly the ones that add new nations. Also, you can't assume policies are in place that you'd expect for certain countries."
76561198080072190,Recommended,245470,12369509,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Infidel,Love this game!
,Not Recommended,245470,12369675,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,_RedTech,"Too turn based for me, i hate having to have ""Political Captial"" to do things"
,Recommended,245470,12370545,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,DXHyperclutch,"I love this game. It's so much fun. I highly recommend it too everyone interested in politics or government. I don't think it's something to buy for full price, but if you can get it on sale for half price, it's an amazing deal."
,Recommended,245470,12370996,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,WhiteKat96,Difficult but very entertaining.
,Recommended,245470,12371456,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Orpheus,I think this game is really great. What I like about it is that its realistic and teaches you something along the way. There are great mods for the game so if your country isn't in it you can just look it up on the steam workshop and download a fan made version. This game is quite complicated and provides quite a bit of challenge. My one complaint though is that you could just click on something completely random and do something completely random to it and it probably wouldn't effect much at all. All in all though I think its a definate buy.8/10
,Recommended,245470,12371749,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Zatsuya,"Certainly not politically balanced, but if you like interconnected webs of flow charts and sliders you'll love this game. So if you want to create a fourth Reich and Germany don't go all hog wild. Do it all sneaky like. First play by the games rules and go all socialists and liberal, then once all other parties are gone and you are so beloved by the people, you can then proceed to start your conversion. Start with the expensive ones. The ones that take 50 political capital. otherwise your ministers will betray you and your effective capital will fall below your ability to carry out the grand plan."
76561198035162812,Recommended,245470,12372761,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JimiJons,The Black Power organization has assassinated me 23 times now. 10/10
76561198086270577,Recommended,245470,12373160,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Pizzaboy609,Apparently only teaching Darwin's theory gets you assasinated by nuns.Who would have thought?8.5/10
76561198045106717,Recommended,245470,12380838,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,sarahjunk,"At first I thought this game wasn't going to be worth the cost, but I quickly got sucked in. All of the in-depth little policy changes and ways of juggling people can make a huge difference with whether you are successful or assassinated. Also great to play with friends and family you have minor political differences with and see who can successfully run a country."
,Recommended,245470,12381026,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Baron,Like this but in game form:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owI7DOeO_yg
76561198027114997,Recommended,245470,12381179,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sentinelgre,A fantastic game and a fantastic advertisment for democracy... if you don't believe me just play it :)
,Recommended,245470,12381261,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Shensei,GREATNESS ACHIEVED!
76561198012988831,Recommended,245470,12381448,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],"This is a micro managers dream game.  I have enjoyed it quite a lot.  Watch out for the conservatives.  The are ALMOST always the ones who assasinate you.  Although, I have been killing by the religious to.  The interface takes a little bit to get used to reading.  Once you get a handle on it, it is fun running your own country."
76561198150350141,Not Recommended,245470,12382377,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Genki,It has promise but there's a disconect if there were an animated city  i'd feel more invested after three hours i was bored
,Recommended,245470,12382427,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Wardogus,"Democracy 3 is a unique game and it's not any game I've played. Your basically a politician and you have to balance everything to keep your intended groups as happy as possible. With it being unique, you can't go into it with the goal of winning. Have to basically choose an issue to focus on and being careful because one policy can make some happy and the rest angry which can ultimately make you lose the next election or get assasinated (as I have multiple times so far).D3 looks confusing but it really isn't after you get used to it. Everything is split into groups and what you need should be where it is. Tutorial is also helpful with explaning how everything works. One of the things I love about this game is that you can run a country with lots of control and be really evil. Overall, it's a fun [and strangely educational] game that you can do what you wish as long as you are aware of the consequences!"
,Not Recommended,245470,12382887,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Morgaren,"The problem with the game is your cabinet, you can get an entire cabinet that reflect your ideals, and they will still be unhappy with your government. I had a socialist and state employee leaning cabinet member who got unsatisfied with my government after I created complete state paid healthcare and school systems...That makes alot of sense. My capitalist/comservative leaning cabinet members were fine with this.The game needs alot of work in this aspect. It makes it frustrating to play for all the wrong reasons."
,Recommended,245470,12382957,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,antigenx,"Some aspects seem completely out of touch with reality, but its fun. I keep get assassinated though :(..."
,Recommended,245470,12383020,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,havok,"What an awesome political simulator. Really challenges you to think. While the basics are easy to grasp, the balancing of hundreds of tiny policy influences, budgeting, juggling group satisfaction and avoiding assassination attempts and dilemmas makes for a very challenging and infinitely replayable epic. Great game."
,Recommended,245470,12369344,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,hiennaz,It's just like real life.♥♥♥♥♥♥people off too much they ♥♥♥♥ing murder you.
,Not Recommended,245470,12584913,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,theRPGmaster (main),"Well, why do i dislike it? You say.Just because it's not fun, i say."
76561198110185543,Recommended,245470,12590816,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,AcelShock,great game just a bit hard when you are new to it
76561198008680084,Not Recommended,245470,12457785,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jacob,"Well...I'd be interested to hear how people who achieved success in this game actually did it. In my case I am almost always assassinated by a ""Black Power"" group in ever situation that did not involve the complete outlaw of all guns in all cases; even when I was doing my best to accomidate minorities in the country (USA). Finally, out of desperation, I outlaws all guns under any circumstances. When I tried that option I was immediately assassinated by a religious group. I am wondering if the game programmers believe that asssassinations happen every other term in America."
76561197968571832,Recommended,245470,12457473,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Buzzkill,"This is another game I'm recommending provisionally based on its ""dollars per hour of entertainment"" value.  Democracy 3 is fun, but it has limited replay value, so once you get bored with it you'll probably have little desire to pick it up again.  For me, the tipping point is $1/hour.  I got this game on sale for just $8 and got 14 hours out of it before I got bored with it, so it exceeded that boundary and was a good value for me.  Your mileage may vary.The game is technically solid and looks pretty good for what it is.  Gameplay is straightforward: There's a main screen with a large number of interconnected factors (policies, effects and crises) represented as colored circles.  When you mouse over one of them, all other circles dim except those related to the selected item, and lines are drawn between them with colored arrows indicating the direction and strength of the influence.  For example, the ""car use"" circle has a line connecting to the ""CO2 emissions"" circle, with green arrows indicating a relatively strong positive influence.  It's a simple mechanism yet it conveys a lot of information quickly and efficiently.  Of course, you can also click on just about anything to get a detail screen.The challenge of the game is to enact (or repeal) a set of policies that will have the desired long-term effects, like mitigating crises or balancing the budget, without getting voted out of office (or assassiated!).  The problem is that the vanilla version of the game isn't all that difficult.  There are a few critical policies that have huge effects, and once you figure out which ones they are, you can basically repeat the same pattern on every nation you play -- hence the limited replay value.  I suppose you could artificially limit yourself by not playing unbalanced policies, but once you start down that road the game just isn't as appealing anymore.Ultimately I think that if you're reading this review in the first place, you're probably the kind of person who will enjoy this game... for a while.  You just have to weigh your attention span for political simulators against your piggy bank."
,Recommended,245470,12458508,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,drevilguapo,"Created the utopia I've always longed for.  Homelessness, pollution, and crime are a thing of the past.  The nation is technoligically and economically superior.  Best of all, the liberals hate me.  Ah, victory."
,Recommended,245470,10821836,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,KiaSebastian,"You can't please everyone and that's the real challenge: letting 'em like you enough to not want to assassinate you. Turn USA or Even South Korea into another communistic North Korea; wipeout religion or turn your country into a Kingdom of God... It's your choice. You're the president/prime minister/dictator after all.If you want to pass the time with a strategic game, get your hands on this.9/10"
,Recommended,245470,11469523,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,lil remains,"This game is very fun, but it takes a little bit to get used to the interface and where the policies are located. After playing a while I got bored of the content, and I stopped playing. But after searching around on the workshop, I found some mods that added more content to play with. And if you know little about how government works, this game is a pretty fun way to do so. I didnt ever think i would actually like to play a political sandbox for fun.-Maverick"
,Recommended,245470,12403559,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Ricochet96,Excellent game!...
76561197974648186,Recommended,245470,12404322,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,hindrek,Helps you understand how government opperates. Well worth the education!
,Not Recommended,245470,12416068,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,PopeSeanV,No.
,Recommended,245470,12417627,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,utdream,"Really enjoy this game. While the reality of the effect your policies have on society are questionable at best, the developers have done a good job of keeping things simple and fun. The game is too easy to ""win"", although I did get assassinated by socialists several times before getting the hang of things. Bought this game because it supports Linux. Thank you!"
76561198044512436,Not Recommended,245470,12389584,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,zjamespryor,I love politics...and hate this game. This game looked really interested and after watching some lets plays I decided I would buy it. Turns out it is incredibly boring and not worth the money. I would get a refund if it was possible.
76561198057110929,Recommended,245470,12391186,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Hose tiger,"Such a fun game, accidentally removed religion from the country and capitalists became extremists because of the level of social equality. Would recommend this to anyone who enjoys politics, or at the very least, wants to know a slight bit more about it."
,Not Recommended,245470,12392164,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Kameryn,This game is absolutely horrible; the only redeeming factor is I got it on discount weekend and even that doesn't make it worth the money.
76561198148866864,Recommended,245470,12392241,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,The Pro Procrastinator,"Started a game as America, did all US things like not signing away my freedom and going deep in military spending. Not 4 turns in i got shot by a group of black guys... America get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together please. 18/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,12392905,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Armored Frank,I played this for quite a bit and let me tell you. Im bored as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198035460517,Not Recommended,245470,12393312,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Meiers_979,"Dont buy this game,  it wont even get past the first screen it says wait a min and its been 3 hours"
76561198008180491,Recommended,245470,12393382,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,"Ollmost Done (';,,;')",I just made the USA into a theocratic police state with a 99% popularity rating. My cheeks ache from grinning.btw universal wire-tapping is bloody expensive! bigs for the DDR.
76561198117409625,Recommended,245470,12393473,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Cpt.Caboose,I was able to solve all of Canada's problems in 4 hours.I really hope it is'nt that simple in reality.
,Recommended,245470,12393630,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,웨수 || Wesu,"It's kind of a fun game. Yes it is, really. Though, it's not worth the 30 dollars they're charging you for it.The game is pretty nicely designed, it made me realise running a diplomatic country isn't as easy as it might seem, and decisions could have drastical results.The game is easy to learn, which isn't bad at all.. Though, after just one playthrough, I already got over half of the acchievements.The game slowly loses its goal. It's fun to see what extremes you can reach in your country before getting assassinated, but barely anything works that well.This game needs more of a goal.. You get used to the game pretty quickly, and after some hours I found it hard to keep myself entertained.6/10. It's good, but it's not by far enough great for a strategy game, for it lacks replay value and a clear goal. It's not worth the price, though, if you can get it with a 66% or a 75% off, you might want to consider this game for a playthrough or two. Mods are a big plus as well."
76561198077995085,Recommended,245470,10576100,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,damian.tapia510,"I remember when the first one came out. I can't say there's much improvement over the previous versions, I'm sure there is some background improvements. But this one is well supported in the mod arena and that can make for some fun tweaks. I really like this game, it's very minimal in the design but you know there's real muscle in the simulation. Just make sure you don't make it too easy on yourself as that takes away from the core experience! I would put a reasonable price point for this game at around 9.99"
76561198005983467,Not Recommended,245470,10578593,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheFloyd,This game is impossible. I think its more of a statement than an actual game. For example banning guns in the usa upsets liberals?????? whaaaaaat!? thats a little out of touch with reality. another thing i find extremely confusing is the way the green and red colors are used. for example when you adjust a policy and the unemployment grows more into the red my first reaction is that thats a bad thing. for me the colors would make much more sense if when you improve the rate of unemployment it should go green. but the game does the exact opposite. even after getting that straightend out every time i played the usa i either got assasinated by the ethnic groups 90% of the time even tho the first thing i would do is cancel the citizen ship tests. ease up on border control and implement the non racism discrimination act.  my main goal was getting rid of the debt improving the economy banning guns improving education. and even if i got out of debt EVERYBODY was still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about something. so id get assasinated by capitilsts conservatives liberals socialists religous. and if i made it alive to election day id get literally 0 votes... so i really think this game is more of a statement on politics than an actual simulator of anything. and the makers seem a bit out of touch with real idealogies.
,Recommended,245470,10578862,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Macquarrie,This game looks extremely boring but it is very fun and addicting. There is a steep learning curve but once you get passed that it is very rewarding. I will recommend this game to people who like strategy and politics or just one those themes.
76561198040192799,Recommended,245470,10579846,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Poodle,"Try to please the socialists,♥♥♥♥♥♥off the capitalists.Try to please the environmentalists,♥♥♥♥♥♥off the motorists.Try to increase the healthcare budget,♥♥♥♥♥♥off everyone for ruining your GDP.Thanks, Obama."
,Recommended,245470,10838949,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rushnic,"This is the best, the greatest, most awesome headache you can buy.  I have to say, Positech, bravo.  It may say I have few hours, but I have played easily 24 offline in the past month.  I love the awesomeness and realistic points to this.  I haven't purchased the DLC yet, but I will.  Get it.  Even if you don't get it on sale, it's worth it.  For all the politicians out there.  Have fun!"
76561197964358158,Recommended,245470,10840367,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nomad,"Great game, it makes it a breze to lead your country and become a real political animal."
,Recommended,245470,10840845,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Oberon,"Interesting game, it sometimes feels your policies don't have any effect at the GDP. Ended up killed by Capitalist due to my social services and high taxes. Fun ending"
,Recommended,245470,15037966,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,SomeT,"After playing this game I realised, you can not make everyone happy."
,Not Recommended,245470,15059435,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kafkaesque,I like the idea of this game but once you work out how to survive your first term all replayability is lost. It suddenly becomes ridiculously easy and you'd have to make a series of bad decisions on purpose to lose your popularity.I tried playing it with attention to detail and really trying to think of the consequences of my actions and got assassinated every time. If you play like a crazy person and make heaps of radical decisions you win too easy and can't be stopped even after you go back to making 100% morally sound decisions.The concept is very complex and makes it sound like you have variety but the execution doesn't meet those standards. Needs some major reworking if it's to keep me coming back.
,Not Recommended,245470,15059558,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,mrcaptainamazing,Not worth the price.
,Recommended,245470,15060142,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Vedder™,"As prime minister of Australia, I ended crime, balanced the budget, regulated prostitution, legalized recreational drug use, ended the teaching of creationism and got assassinated by christian extremists.Great game.10/10"
76561198077212129,Not Recommended,245470,14930212,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Rufecent,"this game is kinda hard and not my kind, i dont mean to say ""dont buy this game"" but it gets repetitive after 3 times just my opinion sorry."
,Recommended,245470,14933964,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Banana Guard,"A game which taught me that we can't satisfied everyone, decision made always have it own pro and cons result, and being a leader of a country is not that easy as everyone think."
76561198084491244,Not Recommended,245470,14934435,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Monostatos,"Great idea, but simply far too complex to be convincingly created on a computer. It seems all the time weird and not natural at all.Furthermore, many issues are USA-oriented: Europe certainly has not the same views on abortion, guns or religion. The preconceptions of the game creators are showing."
76561197981660725,Not Recommended,245470,15068226,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Skitz,"funny, but really not much more to say.I actually regret buying this.Replayability is 0 once youve finished once. It seems like alot of options but your stuck choosing the same features more or less everytime if you really want to achieve something.It just doesnt really cut it and ill never play more than what ive got on record now.For me it summarized to this: Go Liberal, make tons of money and have business as primary focus with low taxations and maximum R&D. With Economy boosting, every1 is happy. Give the poor just the little scraps they need and youll make it to your next term 100%Felt like playing George W Bush or any other Neo-liberal jerk. The game 'simulates' but it really pushes you into the same corner always, coz hey, no other system works right?It felt like a marketing/propaganda play for neo-liberal ideology.Obviously there are many things in liberalism that i find good, its just that theres also alot of bad in it.Since its a 'simulator' it just makes the obvious choices; If you want economy to flourish, then cut down on social programs and taxation.Too damn obvious and too damn easy, as if socialist elements couldnt co-exist with liberal/free-market mentality.Thats what this game fails to simulate, mentality. Everything is possible, if the group of people desires it to be possible. Yet this game gets stuck in the black&white of nowadays political/economical thinking.Not worth the full price"
,Recommended,245470,15069676,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,B I G G I E,Can be a little hard to pick up but it's actually a very interesting game once you understand how everything works
,Recommended,245470,15070060,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Adrian Gaming,"Excellent and fantastic political simulator; this game should be provided free to all voters and political ""experts"" that claim they can run a country better than its current statesmen.It really shows the sheer intricacies and systems that make up human government and public policy; as much as running a country might seem simple, guaranteeing the prosperity of your populace, a stable budget, and world power is quite a job (one that most people fail at in Democracy 3).Excellent and fun game, really enlightening. Could waste ridiculous amounts of time on this thing. 11/10"
,Recommended,245470,15086426,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,RedZeal,"If you like simulation games and politics, this is the game for you."
76561198067949311,Recommended,245470,15076061,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Adolf,Socialist Propaganda Sim 1939 69/420.It's broken unless you get the capitalist mod.
,Recommended,245470,15093624,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Xpertbegginer,Hate it
76561198054516768,Recommended,245470,14831357,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,AlmostCake,Reformed the economy in the USGot assassinated by capitalists12/10 would get assassinated again
76561198101877460,Recommended,245470,14832182,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,General West,A fairly decent game at a fairly decent price.
76561198084172188,Recommended,245470,14770893,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Stealth Bomber,"Ever wonder why governments lack the resolve to get ANYTHING done? Well look no further as Democracy 3 answers that question. As you can explore being a President/Prime Minister/ Chancellor/ Whatever name the ruler chooses, what kind of decisions you have to make to stay in power and erect systemic change.I personally was Prime Minister of Canada, where I tried to reform the education system only to be called the Antichrist by the Religious Factions, and was excommunicated. What will you choose to change?"
76561198044546950,Recommended,245470,14779177,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Phrobro,"I tried my first game as Germany.  At the start I had Inner City Riots, homelessness, internet crime, alcoholism and  an overweight population.  All of those but the weight problem were solved by the end of my second term, I had Intelligencia, a crime free society, was debt free and had a popularity rating over 90% and was making a serious dent in global warming.  And then the Liberals had me assasinated.  I can't wait to try again."
,Recommended,245470,14780295,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Dormouse of Doom,"Upped gun laws to drop crime, made liberals angry, got shot to death by liberals. 10/10 would JFK again."
,Recommended,245470,14781997,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Sharkfarts,"The first time I played, I made every single interest happy except for the capitalists, who made multiple assassination attempts. So the next time, I got rid of taxes. All of them. The capitalists still hated me, and the socialists assassinated me. Unsure how to win, but this game sure is interesting."
,Recommended,245470,14783537,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Blobstoise,"If you don't take regular pauses, headaches will happen. Other than that, perfectly enjoyable :D"
,Recommended,245470,15007509,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,dog,tony abbott simulator4 onions out of 5
,Not Recommended,245470,14512493,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,mghoffmann,"The idea behind this game is very interesting. I thought it had a lot of potential to be a great game, but it turned out to be way too complicated and unpredictable to be enjoyable. I can't complete a game without getting assassinated by the ""Black Power Group"", which seems to feel that everything I do is racist... There are a lot of other off-the-wall and quasi-offensive parts to this game- such as membership in religious groups contributing to anti-social behavior. There are just way too many inputs, connected to way too many self-feeding outputs, for me to feel like I'm doing anything but making wild guesses in this game."
,Recommended,245470,14513186,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Irish Badger,"This game should be used as an argument against those little nagging people that say they can run a country better than it's leader. It would be hilarious to see them freakout as they annoy the farmers and cause the farmer protests, which in turn rises alcohol consumption, which in turn increases umemployment, which in turn lowers health, which in turns lowers productivity. Honestly, it would be funny as any George Carlin act.I would honestly recommend this game, to simply it, it's like a line of political dominos; you can stack up your rights, taxs, and subsides all you want. Feeling happy and content with it. Soon as you do something wrong, they all fall down, connecting and acting like a chain reaction.Lowered junk food tax? Obesity problems in the country! Lower health! More unemployment! Less GDP! Less tourism!That is a brief overview of the mechanics, if you ♥♥♥♥ things up, they get ♥♥♥♥ed bad."
76561198026664901,Not Recommended,245470,14266985,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,koolboy75,bad game
76561198010505463,Not Recommended,245470,14549375,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,troels,Read a couple of reviews online and decided it was worth a try. However was horrible disappointed. On my first try i was as others have experienced the target of random assasinations because I apparently had made everyone mad.So on my second try I tried to do the opposite which was pretty much not a lot and it just cruised along nicely. First election was 60/40 in my favour and I all the following have been with 90 or more. Had expected more from this game and felt like it didn't at all deliver on any of the things that was in the description of the game or numerous reviews.
,Recommended,245470,14553746,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Toru,"Hard. Like in funambulism, balance is crucial to this game."
76561198073082705,Recommended,245470,14391144,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,meep,How to get killed:1- Play Australlia2- Go Evolutionism to the max3- Wait for the religous peoples to kill you9001/10would recommend
,Recommended,245470,14396777,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,✪ Meatwad I Abortion Survivor,I abolished all those dirty immigrants
,Recommended,245470,14397458,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Riley Wgah'nagl Fhtagn,Super fun strategy game and perfect for anyone even remotely interested in politics.
,Recommended,245470,10205022,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,michael91890,"This game has some major flaws, but underneath all the grime there is some fun to be had. First, let me get the flaws out of the way. A tip to make these problems a lot less troublesome is to lower the difficulty. I found that I started to have fun when I lowered the difficulty to 50%.Flaw 1: What is wrong with the Ministers?The game seems to be bugged in a crucial point. My ministers lose loyalty to me at a steady rate even though I have virtually maxed their constituencies (eg: environment, commuter). This in turn dooms me from helping them even more since the currency in the game is dependent on their loyalty.Flaw 2: Lack of Policies with ConsequenceThe game does have quite a number of policies that can be passed I suppose, but only a rare few actually change the world. Let me explain. So even if you passed some laws that made environmentalists so happy they seemed like they were on ecstacy all the time, their numbers would still stay the same. This may be fine, perhaps even realistic since  you are appealing to a specific group and not reaching out to others, but the game has perhaps only 6 policies that actually change membership numbers in groups. WHY? Couldn't the developers think of policies specifically meant to change demographics? Want higher environmentalist numbers: Arbor Day. Want less minorities: ethnic cleansing programs. Want more religious people: Crusades. I came up with all of those off the top of my head. If it's a problem with balancing just make them cost more political capital.All right now that I moved away the grime, what is good?The politics system is deep. You will find yourself making political choices that may not be exactly that you wanted, but were what you needed to win the next election. This means there is a timing element in the game that you can get better with over several playthroughs. Something to chew, good.There are multiple paths that you can take your country, some of them extreme like theocracy or anarchy. The game also wisely doesn't make your changes immediate, but they take a while to sink in. Watching your country slowly become a technotopia is entertaining, much more so then if the the feedback was immediate.In conclusion, if the game is around $5, go ahead and get the game. You'll have an entertaining experience. Now if you will excuse me, I am off to make an Aristocracy."
,Recommended,245470,14345068,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Boi,Very gud
,Not Recommended,245470,14300787,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Literally Hitler,This game is more like an app or a gimmick program than a game. It's neato for a little while I suppose.
,Recommended,245470,14301755,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Hobivan,"This game is the greatest simulation of ""Connection of EVERYTHING between EVERYTHING"". Every single choice is bind to almost everything in this game. You will need deep analytic/connectiong mind to REALY succeed.  Also you will feel very contentedly when every single group of voters will be happy :-)"
,Recommended,245470,14329766,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,tm24fan8,"Very fun game...gives an eye to what it may be like to run a country.  Simplified in spots, but that's honestly for the better, at least to me.  It still manages to present several difficult challenges as is, and there are lots of great mods to make it even better and more detailed!"
76561198118189405,Not Recommended,245470,14359672,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Mukavaa,Go vote IRL instead.
,Recommended,245470,14173972,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,dank,"Fixed every problem in society and have consistently 95% votes or higher, and for the entire time the liberals want me dead. Eventually made them less murderous by donating some money to foreign aid after removing all the debt and building some reserves.10/10 would make police state again"
,Recommended,245470,14164392,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[Vodka],Little bit of micromanaging of any country. Fun to see if you can get a country out of debt or not.
,Recommended,245470,14205963,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,That's a Lot of Nuts!,this game is good.
76561198093755637,Recommended,245470,10566686,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SSJ2 Gundalf,"Well, it looks like I was wrong about this game. It didn't occur to me last time - but I had played it wit honly 50% difficulty or so - that is the reason why I thought game is just plain simple. Today, I played on 110% and oh boy, geezus!This game is pretty hard when you take it seriously. Although it was tough for me to take this seriously, I tried my best and it paid off - I am starting to like this game at all.Still, that horrible soundtrack... but now wit Steam Music module, I can just turn it off and listen to Portal music instead :-D SO that's just great.I can give it like 7/10, maybe 7.5/10 for now. I try to enjoy this game a little more - and who knows, maybe I will be able to love it someday."
76561198028512555,Recommended,245470,14209739,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sol Invicto,"An odd game, but great for strategy fans. Love the visual style. Only flaw I can think of is that it sometimes is too predictable, Voters are way too rational sometimes."
76561198080914766,Not Recommended,245470,10548895,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,a ladder,"I have encountered bugs with the launguage selection in this game, and have not been able to play it due to this. i also found the gameplay lacking, and dry."
,Recommended,245470,10549739,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,splenda,"Was able to outlaw sunday shopping and force prayer, but outlaw religion and make abortions on demand. Full marks."
76561198128985622,Recommended,245470,10549971,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fuzzfan,10/10 could get assainated by those filthy liberals again
76561198025638020,Not Recommended,245470,10551976,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,_Kodiak,Fun for a bit but you can only get assassinated so many times before you get bored. I bought this title on the steam summer sale and still feel like I overpaid.
,Recommended,245470,10551987,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ironmanmk39,"Eradicated poverty, assassinated by religious terorrists afterwords. Sorry?"
,Recommended,245470,10552517,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hat,"This game is extremely fun, engaging and cerebral. However, it's also very difficult and frustrating: like a real democracy. 10/10"
76561198007326435,Recommended,245470,10596083,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,stalker777,An intersting game. I little simple and basic but good if you are into politics.
,Recommended,245470,10597405,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CMDR: Malax Zandr-Solomon,I've had my eyes on this for a while and just got this in the Steam summer sale. It's quite an interesting game. Although I seem to be doing very well at the moment. I've been in power for what seems like over 100 years now. At the start it was tough I managed to get myself assassinated on my first go. Second time was much better and I'm still on that game.It's fun to play with the different policies and see their effects. Currently motorists hate me!The game mechanics are easy to get to grips with and it's easy to play. So overall a worthwhile time killer for a couple of hours. I don't think the game is too challenging at the moment. But I am only playing it with the default settings. Perhaps changing some of the settings at the start of the game will create a more challenging game.
76561198002866048,Recommended,245470,10597445,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Urk,"I wouldn't go so far as to say that I love the game, but it is definitely a good game.I had no idea what I was doing. I managed to remove homelessness, poverty and crime while increasing education. Then I started to lose companies because I was charging them too much on their taxes just to try and pay off my debt. My GDP went down the toilet soon after and I had to further increases taxes just to stay in office. I also had to fire two of my cabinet members and hire two new ones. With myself being $2,300 billion in debt and charging a very high tax on the wealthy, I somehow managed to get 57% of the votes including a majority of the electoral votes and stay in office for another term.7.2/10"
76561198072935132,Recommended,245470,10561534,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Spartanfox01,This game is hard but a fun challenge for those who think this stuff might be simple. I look forward to learning how to master this game.
76561198140229093,Not Recommended,245470,10562574,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ปีนตึกหนียาม,"Alright, this game is reasonably realistic and detailed. It's intellectual and you can learn quite a bit about politics from it. I'd recommend it to Political Science students. For the rest of us, though, not so much. It takes itself too seriously, without a sense of humour or even satire. (If there is, it's a little too subtle.) It's educational, but not very entertaining."
,Recommended,245470,10563232,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The_Person,"So, so many variables to manage. And it's not a bad thing... it's FANTASTIC. Depending on how you look at it, it's an OCD person's dream, or nightmare. You change one policy for one thing, and there's a butterfly effect on 3 or 4 other things (sometimes more). It's a constant balance-battle between keeping everyone happy, and keeping everything fair, all while ruling the country the way *you* want to rule it, and implement the changes you'd really like to see reflected in the real world. Legalize drugs? Go for it. Legalize gay marriage? Get on that. You can do the opposite, too, though, you know, if you're a backwards kinda guy/gal. Or if you're just looking to see what would happen. That's another thing, this game is a lot of fun when it comes to experimentation. I often find myself doing things just to see how the people react. I highly recommend Democracy 3. As a huge fan of Democracy 2, 3 adds to and improves on nearly every aspect of the previous iteration. And that's not even counting the DLC! 10/10"
76561198140487053,Not Recommended,245470,10563530,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,mouin.allawi,"i think 25 dollars does not worth this game, after 3 or 4 hours of playing ull get bored and all the sitiuations will be repeated, and whatever u did always u win the voting.I regret it"
,Recommended,245470,10567115,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Phurghus,Fantastic game!!! this combined with a RTS game would be killer :P
,Recommended,245470,10529017,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Succ papi,"need more updates and stuff,and more ideological options,make soldiers and army significantat all is good,but get bored quickly"
76561198072896241,Recommended,245470,11087420,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rabidsheep,Turns out running a country is much harder than originally thought. Don't play if you're that person who wants to please everyone.
,Recommended,245470,10890314,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Moronic Panda,Combatted obesity and got assassinated by Liberals. 10/10
,Recommended,245470,10959977,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CasualQueue,"For some reason, the Black Power group has it in for me...No idea why..."
76561198021704802,Recommended,245470,10960566,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dr. Niles Crane,Democracy!
76561198077795031,Recommended,245470,10979022,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ralkarv,"Enjoyable hypothetical fantasy of how one could govern if the US had a budget surplus, didnt have to worry about Congress partisanship, and had experts writing policy. Overall a fun 6 hrs with interesting balancing of the pros and cons of different policies that makes you consider the tradeoffs pursuing various goals. Sadly the game feels like a sandbox and has huge room for expansion, where features like historical scenarios and international diplomacy would substantially increase playtime.7/10 Enjoyablity1/10 Replayability9/10 Canada's Moose Gangster Problems12/10 Commie Brainwashing"
76561198072031058,Not Recommended,245470,11061519,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Wins Day,"I thought it was a really dull game with not a whole lot of reward for the amount of thinking that was required to progress in the game. I played 9 hours, and was thoroughly unimpressed."
,Recommended,245470,11073759,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SamanionX,Try not to get assassinated by Neo-Nazi Black Socialist Conservatives.Or do. Still a great game.
76561198015103401,Not Recommended,245470,11074526,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,praczy,"Fun for a short game, no actual depth (despite trillions of numbers) and game to hold interest for a longer time."
,Recommended,245470,11076560,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Wonderblunder,"I made Britain's economy collapse, but everyone was happy because I created an egalitarian utopia. I guess everyone liked being equally poor."
76561198035481284,Recommended,245470,10907420,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BuzzLink,Really in depth and a really nice interface to work with. Can be challenging but I guess that is the point! Worth the buy if you're interested in politics..
,Recommended,245470,10930099,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stone cold steve oatstin,"If you enjoy button clicking you'll love this game, it also has sliders and sometimes even lets you click different buttons!in all seriousness it's a political sim and it's very good at what it does though there's not a huge market for people into these kinds of games."
76561198121955591,Recommended,245470,10932507,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,catris,I eliminated religion in the USA.
76561198113965737,Recommended,245470,10642464,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kocayine,Got assassinated by a Black Power group. 8.5/10
,Recommended,245470,10624522,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MetalTorsion,"What to pay :You wont find similar so you're going to have to read on this time.Analasist whack-a-mole meets chess.I think the tags say it all. Simulation, politics, and strategy. but I've added my own, analytics.No-where near as hard to get into as the screenshots would suggest. Don't stress the learning curve.I can't really recommendorcritizise the game. It doesn't attempt to misrepresent itself if you look beyond the name. It is what it is, but don't picture yourself a political leader. No. You are a one man civil servant with too much power.If you don't like sims, analytical politics, and strategy, then this isn't for you. Unfortuantely the game wont draw in those with  a penchant for people leading and ethical manipulation, as the game is completely devoid of soul. Given that that analytics and personability are at polar opposites though, creating such a game would be near impossible.I'd recommend being able to branch your focus past at least 3 steps, repeating 3 times and encompass all those effectors, per primary effector, and juggle multiple primary effectors, while keeping all these balls in the air in mind when called upon to makestart of turnsnap judgements. So, basically, someone who plays two chess games at once will love this.I'm man enough to say that isn't me, that this is a good game, and that I'm just notNTenough to really get into it. Doesn't stop me dabbling though :)"
,Recommended,245470,10624876,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,KillerPotato [TR],hahah im the only one who dont assasinated :D
,Recommended,245470,10626606,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,alistan,"Beautiful interface, makes governing seems easy. End game is a little boring."
76561197999459293,Not Recommended,245470,10628421,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Big Bear,"I had high hopes for this game.  Yes the interface is simple, but I am willing to forgive that.  What I cannot forgive is the way the game reacts to your actions.  I get that you cannot make everyone happy, again fine.  However so many situations arise that are beyond your control.  To make matters worse (and the death knell for me) is that your decision seem to have no affect on anything.  GDP is the best example or this as you can do everything to raise it and it continues to drop.  Or how increasing the police force increases crime.  This is all made worse by the fact that at the default difficulty level you are started in a hole with horrible economic conditions or with active roving gangs of criminals.What I hoped would be challenging has turned into frustrating as really you should just do nothing and let them assassinate you."
76561198064659611,Not Recommended,245470,10628495,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,riggsalex,Great Idea fun for 15 minutes then find something else to do.
,Recommended,245470,10630271,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Red Ranger,"I liked this game, it's very similar in mechanics to Game Dev Tycoon. Maybe it's a certain niche I don't have a word for yet. If there were more Devs producing games like these... the possiblities would be endless."
,Recommended,245470,10821573,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,acrossthesnow,"Really amazing decision making game! All the aspects of democracy and people's reactions have been taken into account. It is really amazing to see how one sided we all can be, and how we may think that our leaders have it easy and wonder why they are so stupid when it comes to policy, but the fact of the matter is that their just trying to please all of US in the end."
,Recommended,245470,10826392,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Slayer7744,"Assassinated in a poverty, tax free country. 11/10"
76561197962111203,Not Recommended,245470,10828053,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Phi,Meh.
76561198004578176,Recommended,245470,10828318,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,obscureaxiom,"This game is politcal-drama imagination fuel.  It allows you to control the policy of a nation while navigating social and economic issues.  It has a 'One more turn' play quality about it, Simple visual implemenation for viewing and manipulating all the statistics of your country.  I so enjoyed the experience I bought two more copies of the game; One for a friend and one for my mobile device."
76561198024327818,Recommended,245470,10831302,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Psychoburner420,"If you love politics, but resent the idea of running for office, then this is the game for you!"
76561198052741040,Recommended,245470,10831966,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,markashley1961,odd. but excellent game
76561198081685470,Recommended,245470,10842399,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Headless Horseman,"Great game, points out some interesting connections between policies and social and economic benefits."
76561198007461791,Recommended,245470,10846425,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tortheldrin,"Assassinated repeatedly in the first 10 turns. 10/10, would recommend. Hint: don't legalize all drugs then raise their tax rates to the max. Or do."
,Recommended,245470,10808617,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,paulofduarte,It is amazing how this game with a very simple interface can be extremely challenging an fun. A must play for simulation / strategy fans.
,Recommended,245470,10813197,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,{WZD}Spartan Leonidus,I keep getting assasinated before my first term is over. Is this what is has come to?
,Recommended,245470,10605411,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,R4UMH3LD,"Liberals wanted to assassinate me, but ultimately didn't bother because they died out11/10"
,Recommended,245470,10606579,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kawaii_Millennial,I bought this for a very plotical friend of mine and loves it.
76561198000434868,Recommended,245470,10607278,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bumblefrusse,"After weathering a tough recession and several credit rating downgrades, I had all but lost hope when the foreign mortgage market crumbled again and my GDP hit rock bottom. My electorate had turned to alcoholism; a coping mechanism for spiralling unemployment and poverty. But then, light at the end of the tunnel. That long term investment in research, state education and health paid-off. New industries were created, the skills of the populace were enhanced, and productivity sky-rocketed as the workforce abandoned their stress-induced boozing. As my deficit disappeared I diverted the extra funds towards improved state housing schemes and food stamps; appeasing my core liberal vote and ensuring the middle classes didn't have to look at unsightly homeless people. I had alienated the religious, banning the teaching of creationism in schools, but they barely had a voice anymore. Not with so many of my supporters reaping the benefits of a STEM lead economy. Now I just need to work out how to deal with those obese, conservative capitalists..."
76561198026788545,Not Recommended,245470,10608901,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tox,"Very basic model with some already debunked misconceptions still in place (biofuel reducing CO2 emissions, legalizing Drugs leading to increased crime rate... sight). Market meltdown is like every year and the events repeat themselves again and again (no, even for 7th time, I will not ban same sex marriage).Gameplay lasts for like 2 hours... and you can play only a few countries.Also does not take corruption into account, which is surprising a lot."
,Recommended,245470,10609993,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TheABomb,"Very fun game while the novelty lasts, but it wears off pretty quickly.This is worth the buy for the reduced steam sale price, but I wouldn't go for it at full value."
,Recommended,245470,10617482,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Halex,You want to call this game boring but it's addictive and you end up playing for hours.
,Recommended,245470,10571946,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Paghalay,"Fantastic, very addictive."
76561198135734930,Not Recommended,245470,10618854,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,n1ke,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Its just a picture with buttons on it to raise and lower prices. Dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,245470,10621441,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Maelish,This game is really screwed up.  The designers seem to go at things with 1 political view.  The results are assumptions that certain political views won't like or will like decisions you make as the leader of your country.  They are wildly wrong on several of them.
76561197987329999,Recommended,245470,10622254,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AfromusPrime,"I'm a tyrannical liberal dictator. I've got religious terrorists crawling up my♥♥♥♥♥because I banned their gear in school and I'm handing out abortions on street corners. Don't worry though, baby. Without creationism being taught in schools, their numbers will drop and I'll be Ballin' Outta Control, which is incidentally the name of my political party."
,Recommended,245470,10622829,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CPickle,Really Enjoyable
,Recommended,245470,10623735,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MrWesley,easy
,Recommended,245470,10623746,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,worldslaya12,One of the best simulations I've played
,Recommended,245470,10706259,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Lord_Sunday123,"Horrible -.-Honestly, I'm not sure WHY i bought this game, but I regret it. Its a complicated interface, and it seems as if there is very little to actually do."
,Recommended,245470,10706749,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,hypadrive,obviously this game will make you prepared to become the next president
76561198095979518,Recommended,245470,10708007,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,crtynes,If you want to make america a communist or facist country this game is for you
,Recommended,245470,10709633,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lexxingt0n,"I expected a lot more since I looked at this as a game. If it is a study, then perhaps it's too easy and as a game it lacks depth :(Yes, it's fun for a few hours but then the challenge and fun drops quite rapidly."
76561198052373347,Recommended,245470,10682800,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Monkeyofthefamily,"For a simple slider game, Democracy 3 is an interesting take on politics. Unfortunatly the mechanics don't work well with America and I wish I knew that before I purchased it, but its still fun. The game mechanics are extreamly simple so anyone can pick up and play. If your country runs on a PM and not a President I'd recomend you give it a shot. All the options are the game are perfectly balanced, although not always in a way that would make since. Still it's a good game to play."
,Not Recommended,245470,10683562,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rainer Wahnsinn,"Please note that this game, on default setting without mods/dlcs, is VERY easy.All countries can be fixed in more or less the same way:- Identify harmful policies and change/scrap them- Ramp up education and police force to max- Once your gdp takes of reinvest in policies which directly raise your gdp- Use the surplus money to fix remaining problemsIn addition, some polices have very strange effects on some groups. Why would Capitalists hate Free Eye Test so much?Why are Motorist annoyed by busses? Why is crime (in the end) only caused by so few things (alcohol consumption)?"
,Recommended,245470,10684572,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,allhailmaximus,Avoiding assasination never felt so rewarding!!!10/10
,Recommended,245470,10684974,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,moxicity,"This game has a bit of a learning curve but once you understand what's going on, it becomes a VERY addictive and fun game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,245470,10685413,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,daquinwulfguard,"A solid, somewhat angering game that helps to teach some lessons on governance in a simple but effective way.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,245470,10707320,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,furiezach,"Eradicated crime, pollution, obesity, and homelessness. Still got assassinated by Liberals for not legalizing LSD. Fun game. 9/10"
76561198046702603,Recommended,245470,10877224,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KGo,Games good
,Recommended,245470,10878701,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Carlululuuulll,"This game puts the fun in politics. The features in this game are exceptional and it is surreal how the game calculates the party ratings, happiness, etc. One thing I did not like about this game is its lack of 3D graphics. However, that was not a dealbreaker. This game is worth every penny I spent. I do recommend this game. ++"
76561198051439501,Recommended,245470,11512754,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Dr. Ron Paul,"This game is such a fiction. The left gets a say, and the right get a say, but they aren't SAYING ANYTHING HAHAHA! We rule!"
76561198038968845,Recommended,245470,11423520,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,NicePotato,Fun. Eh ... I killed off my population by smoking and drinking them to death. But then I was assassinated. I then tried to create a utopia. And was assassinated. Then I tried to create UK-like place. And I was assassinated.No wonder politicians are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561198035961130,Recommended,245470,12687422,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Cornballshark44,this is awesome it is great and what we wish goverment is like
76561198042821117,Recommended,245470,12689045,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,catreporter,"Excellent game. Difficult, but excellent."
76561197985389802,Recommended,245470,12472634,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,obsideon_wizard,I love the different viewpoints and perspectives in this game. The budgets and policy making is hilarious. Defenitely a great play
,Recommended,245470,12472763,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Cedarbox,Democracy 3 is one of those games that are both educational and fun. I think it should be played in schools.
,Recommended,245470,12502661,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,HavokChee,"So straight forward, yet so complicated. Addictive and fun, whilst thought provoking."
76561198015842245,Recommended,245470,12500857,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Lithium,"An adequate and enjoyable simulation. However, not worth more than $5 to $10 depending if you add the DLCs. Won't have any lasting long term playthrough but a few hours is definitely here for a casual experience."
,Recommended,245470,12504203,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,neko,"On my best play I nearly raised the GDP to max but then the debt crisis happened. I kept unemployment to near zero. I made Germany the tech and productivity captial of the world. I even got rid of some unnecessary taxes as so much money was being made. Crime was reduced to insignificance and somehow I got Germans to stop drinking themselves to death, eat healthier and made organic food and the environment our focus without a carbon tax. That was my main strategy to get the economy so good. In addition proper timing of introducing policies to reduce poverty and unemployment and funding robotics and space exploration made it a complete success.In the end due to my nation's greatness extremism prolieferated in the shroud of nationalism. The moment I treated foreigners as human beings racial tension erupted. And due to my promotions of technology cyber crime was presistent even though overall crime was essentially zero. I had brought law enforcement and public military service at max to combat this oddity only to have it re-emerge later. Almost all groups loved me and my popularity was only tarnished by the tanked global economy and debt crisis.I gave funding to education early on at great risk because I knew the future GDP of our nation would give an opportunity to all people. I made balances in our policies to help the liberals deal with living in the great nation of Germany. In doing so the capitalists bagan to hate me as equally as the liberal. But only the liberals were trying to assassinate me. The funny thing is I never considered nor had need for a police state until the liberals started trying to kill me. They forced extremism because no policy was liberal enough for them without destroying the nation. So they had created their own nightmare. I had hoped I would somehow get them before they would get me. In the end it was the minroity group of liberals who couldn't stand living in a truly great nation that killed me. I could have kept Germany the city upon a hill forever."
76561198006888144,Recommended,245470,12506638,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Cokeroach,This is a good Game. Buy this Game. Play this Game. It is overwhelming at first. Then. Game easier. Game shed much need in light in political world.
,Recommended,245470,12508055,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,rice0140,Killed by liberals.But loved by the youth. Free drugs for everyone
,Recommended,245470,7499921,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,theswilsonian,I have spent far more time on this game than I had expected. Even with the most simple of graphics it manages to keep you occupied.
,Recommended,245470,12656326,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Mr Nutter,"If you want action and graphics, walk away. If your looking for strategy and political simulation, this game is great!"
76561198157509425,Not Recommended,245470,12659044,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,azdwa03,boring but fun
76561198010113977,Recommended,245470,12659788,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,DingDong Fireballs,"This is a great simulator, in fact its one of the best political simulators I have ever played. It is very detailed in every policy and decision as you shape your nation into whatever ideolgy you hold as your own. It is never as simple as ""I am a ______"" (insert party); as you will see through out the gameplay, holding true to your ideals becomes difficult and as you wade through the quagmire of politics, comprimise becomes your best weapon.  My only real complaint is a lack of diplomatic depth econmically, culturally and strategically, but I'm hoping that it will be in an upcoming DLC. The DLC is a great inclusion to the game and adds a lot more realism, personality and depth. I am going to buy the clones and drones DLC and I am looking forward to more."
76561198113953985,Not Recommended,245470,12660227,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,navalpride1,"I purchased Democracy 3 and played it with enjoyment for a few months and then had a error occur that would not let the game be played.  I erased and reloaded the game, no success.  Tried mods and updates nothing worked.  I found out that Steam no longer supports the game and went to the game developers for answers.  Nothing.  I've not be able to play and definately feel that I haven't gotten my money's worth or good customer support for the issues presented.  I would not purchase this game or its attachments if you want to enjoy a period of gameplay."
76561197977697884,Recommended,245470,12660358,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Anh,"This game has a nice and easy-to-understand Interface. It's more a statistic (charts) game than a real game in my eyes. Unfortunately this game is scripted mostly so the replay value isn't high, but I think this game is still fun to ""play"". If this game cost less than 20 Bucks it would be worth the buy. Becaus this game is a niche product i would give it 2/5 and for people who are interested in politics or statistics play 3-4/5. Would recommend it if u have this kind of taste."
76561198103205493,Recommended,245470,12642874,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,peterh16,"I do like this game, it can be very interesting if you're interested in politics etc. I only thing I dislike is the issues are repetive, for example; an issue regarding the queen appeared several types it asked me whether I should support the monarchy or not. That is the only irritating thing about it really."
76561198047689917,Recommended,245470,12649947,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[LotW] The Humanoid Typhoon,yes
,Recommended,245470,12542286,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Maalbolge,"Frustrating, annoying and strangely addicting. The only thing I managed to do consistently is♥♥♥♥♥♥off the religious."
,Not Recommended,245470,12568416,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,evil-monkey,"Lots of options, but not much in the way of friendliness for the user."
,Recommended,245470,12368953,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,MinedroidPro,"This simulator is meant for going into detail of what politicians actually face and what choices they have to make if a disaster occours. It doesn't show us what we want to see in a realistic game, But instead shows us whats really going on behind the scenes and thats respectable. This game actually doesn't show any favoritism that I can see of. So you have the complete choice of being Liberal, Conservative, Socialist, Fascist, etc. without being judged, but it still makes you face the consequences with each choice you make. Want to legalize abortion? It won't judge but parents and conservatives won't like you because it goes against what they believe in. Want to believe in God and creationism? You can do it without the game doing something to judge or make fun of you, and still face the realism. Liberals may lose faith in you, as will scientists.Thats mostly what I like about the game, and I'm sick of people posting bad reviews just because they think that the creators are trying to judge them if they're different to the creators beliefs. They really aren't. They're just trying to make a game that opens peoples eyes to how hard it is to be in charge in a democratic world. All in all, 10/10 for realism."
76561198042790790,Not Recommended,245470,12436743,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,andyz_,This is a bit of a geeks game. The GUI stays the same so if you get bored easily this isnt for you. Its more of a political simulation than a game. think of it as a political sim city with you creating things but just making decisions on policies.There are some download add ons for new scenarios.
,Recommended,245470,12442587,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,HalfEatenBurrito,I truly love this game. I hear so many smug people talk about politics when they have no idea how running a government works. You may go into this expecting a semi-realilistic RTS game along the lines of tropico but you are wrong. Give all those idiots one shot at this game and see how long it takes before they are either assasinated or in a ridiculosu amount of debt. So incredibly realisitc and deals with sensitive subjects that our world leaders today have to work with IRL.  Perfect for anyone with strong political opinions such as myself but possibly not so good for the casual gamer.
76561198002977662,Recommended,245470,12420423,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,excelgeo,It is a good game but once you get your government up and running then there is nothing challenging to do anymore other than just watch it grow and grow and grow. you dont even have to introduce policiesi'd recommend it but not at full price
76561198062425173,Recommended,245470,12422039,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RampagingPenguin,"I love this game! Be warned its not very exciting, you just make and change policies to affect your country. However, it is so fun. Once you have been assassinated for the 5th time you start to question everthing. At first i though this game would just be okay, but it is highly addictive. I only ever stopped playing it to play multiplayer games with my friends. And even when i was playing other games i was still thinking, HOW DO I NOT GET ASSASSINATED?!"
76561198005846703,Recommended,245470,12427230,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Silent - Lord of the Scrubs,"From balancing the budget for the first time, to getting assassinated by nuns for removing the ban on sunday shopping.  Democracy 3 is one of those games i didn't really think i would have as much fun with as i did.  Totally worth playing if you ever wanted a entertaining simulation, or just always wanted to mess up America."
,Recommended,245470,13171751,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,York,"Thoroughly enjoyed the game all the way through.  It can also be a useful tool to help you learn the differences between socialism, capitalism, liberalism, and conservatism.  I have become so good at the game, that I have never been assassinated or had an assassination attempt, even when I played as France on 200% difficulty."
,Recommended,245470,13026258,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kilgore Trout,Get to play as Nazi Germany11/10
76561197977063483,Recommended,245470,13141129,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Firepanda,Removed all crime in Australia. There was much rejoicing.Banned alchohol. Got murdered by religious fanatics.My only consolation is it took them THREE TRIES to get through my security.More fun than it looks at first glance o/
76561198063487387,Recommended,245470,13141327,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Rose_of_Death,"Fascinating!!!I  have never been so enthusiastic by game, at least for long time.Played few games and thought, that it should be little boring afterwards but modding gives another dimension for this game. I hope i will take time to study it and contribute in future.I recommend this game for all who cares about politics or economy.It is easy be angry at the goverment so why  don't You try it Yourself!?! :-)"
,Recommended,245470,13141893,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Kaiser Valoo,"A slight left bias, but it's possible to win with any agendas, and be thankful for the Steam Workshop."
,Recommended,245470,13141925,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Emperor Marcus Awoolius,I made the UK into a libertarian paradise10/10 would freedom again
76561198035836304,Recommended,245470,13142184,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,The Mighty G-man,"Created a green, crime free utopia with a GDP at an all time high. Capitalists then assassinated me after 5th consecutive attempt. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,13145247,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Inell,"Great game overall. If you are interested in politics/government, this is the game for you. Not necessarily one of those games that can keep you going for several hours, but defenitely a gem to come back to every now and then."
,Not Recommended,245470,13145967,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Corporal LeBeau,- It seems like there is no strong private sector and in order to accomplish anything you need more government- the cause and effect links seem to be too simplistic and don't make sense sometimes- not a very good tutorial- gets stale fast
,Recommended,245470,13148579,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Antonio Deuchebagarichi,"I was in Britain. I started the Fawkes party. Nothing could go wrong. Assassonated by super rich, elderly capitalists.10/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,13156610,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,gyver,feels like its just a UI upgrade from democracy 2
,Recommended,245470,13157988,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ravenail,I am the Father of Socialism in France11/10
76561198049204587,Recommended,245470,13161290,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,GBrett,"Easy with whichever country I picked, once I understood how to read the main display. A knowledge of policy principles helps, because it means you can understand some of the chain reactions and priorities without having to follow everything through to see what it affects. Fun, and it becomes more challlenging if you try to hold on to things you actually believe in as well as 'satisfying' all of the different factions. Those capitalists want everything that's bad for the country."
,Recommended,245470,13162100,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wolfgang,"This is not a fun game indeed but if you interested in poltics like me you can love it but my idea is that this simulator made for those who wanna make their own policy.Its boring sometime and if you now English very well you can just be in to it anyways.I bought it in Autumn Sale because i just wanna try it,trust me if you like simulator dont buy this one but if you love politics this is a great game for you:)NOTE!:! I created a new United States Goverment with full of Racisim,particurly that was my achievement.TY!"
76561198039940348,Recommended,245470,13163221,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,TheArchaeologist,I solved Americas polution problem and got assinated for it. 10 out of 10 would play again!
,Recommended,245470,13163435,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,xlostdogx,I wiped out religion and legalized LSD. Australia has become paradise. There is no opposition now...10/10 would live under my government again.
76561198098122791,Recommended,245470,13163515,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Wotan1483,I love this game but you have to read the screen and you can't be a dum dum. Get it and play it and then mod it.
,Recommended,245470,13129068,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,amd133mhz,Love this game
76561198111284117,Recommended,245470,13129952,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Jake,"One thing you should never say when you are elected for president in your future: ""Well dang man, this totally worked when I did it in Democracy 3...""---This game offers a wide variety of, well,variety. With tons of mods for additional places to govern, and fantastic things to impliment, this game is definetly one of the better simulations of this generation. This is a must-get game for those who like to be in charge! :D"
,Not Recommended,245470,13132491,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Electric Donkey,"This title has some game-breaking flaws.Just as one example, you start of with a progressive income tax, and you might think that a flat income tax would be a policy you could implement instead of a progressive income tax, but as it turns out the game lets you implement a flat tax in ADDITION to a progressive tax, and yet there is no negative reaction from the citizens. As a result you start bringing in enough money to fully fund all of your favorite policies while also paying off your debt and eventually amassing a huge surplus, all while being re-elected with 99% of the vote."
76561197998938120,Not Recommended,245470,18658989,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Ghost Dog,"There's no strategy per se, just a series of binary choices that lead to a predetermined outcome. Pretty much like our actual electoral system. If you have the inclination and patience, it's easy to mod so you can bring it more in line with your own notions of ""balance"". Overall, the gameplay boils down to an elaborate argument for the game maker's particular political vision. Not my cup of tea."
76561197977227063,Recommended,245470,18620160,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,#GENOCIDE,"Convinced my game is broken, manage to get assassinated by relgious extremists for polices that are in place when the game starts and Canada has had for decades... like Abortion. Seriously... we've stopped talking abou that politlcally here a long time ago. Kind of fun but don't really enjoy the break of reality in my home country. We're not that relgious."
76561197978022852,Recommended,245470,18620537,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,yodadoda,Turn assasinations off.Otherwise you will be pigeon-holed into only playing in one style.Don't try to be to extreme for either conservative or liberal.This is fun now and again but the replay is not very high.There needs to be more functions added to the base game for it to fill out more.There is also little variation from game to game to increase the challenge.Overall I would just barely recommend this game but not at $24.99 If you can get it for $12 or less it is worthwhile.
,Recommended,245470,18777314,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,shushismasher,"Have you ever wanted to rule a country. Have you ever wanted to be Barack Obama. And can you handle super boring graphs. If yes buy this game, if no dont. If your not sure still dont, cause you really need to enjoy this game to handle the boring stuff."
,Recommended,245470,18777462,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,iLikePie™,Great for learning more about our f**ked up politics.
,Recommended,245470,18778699,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,As Koala As Possible,Great simulation / management game for anyone who loves sliders and massive amounts of data. Not so great for those deviants that don't.
,Recommended,245470,14078688,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,repdetect0,"Data heaven for politics-minded simulator fans, and an interface, after a brief getting used to, that is a marvel. The design is so good that I find it hard to believe it's not based on actual consultant/polling software. The add-on packs are numerous and cover a wide range of the political spectrum, and include scenarios that nations will be grappling with in the immediate decades to come."
76561198030766577,Not Recommended,245470,14082439,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,jersross,"I really enjoyed parts of it, but I can't recommend it, because it has two really bad flaws.One, the assassination mechanism.   You are going to get shot.  You are going to get shot a lot.  So either enjoy reloading or turn the feature off.  It's very very irritating.Two, and worse, it's only part of a game.  The whole time I was playing it, I couldn't shake the feeling that I was playing half a game.  It's like the game was released with a sandbox only mode.  The expansion packs in no way help.  They only add policies, which while good, don't add anything to the game play.  Also, there is no sense of accomplishment when you finish.  You wrap up eight or so years in office, and you get a small splash screen that says congrats! then the game is over.  Would it have been too much effort for the game designers to come up with a better ending than that?"
,Recommended,245470,14085851,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Drakeor,Eliminated Crime and fixed America's economy.Got assassined by Black People.10/10
,Recommended,245470,13712679,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Dret,"I was doing well until some extremist capitalist put some lead on my skull during an event.10/10, would die again :D"
76561198006775467,Recommended,245470,13712831,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rhys,"Had incredible fun playing this, however the new extremist expansion tends to have me assassinated now more often than not. also since downloading the dlc i can now no longer load previous games. all in all though an incredibly addictive game"
76561198096361193,Recommended,245470,13713089,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Viscount of Stirling House,"If you like politics or want to see what your country would be like under your idea political system or just want to re-create Nazi Germany for the lolz only to lose re-election. I would get this game, my only problem is that the nation set ups aren't as realistically linked to the nation they are e.g. nations don't have the laws they should have 7.5/10."
76561198058140229,Not Recommended,245470,14075382,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,met44,"After 2 lost games because of assassination, I managed to create an utopic paradise in UK within my second term of office:- No more country debt and a fair amount of cash ahead.- Most factions became friendly and the remaining have at least an average feeling.- Health at maximum, criminality and poverty are eradicated- 99% of voters vote for me, the remaining 1% doesn't seem to care for voting.Was fun to figure out how to break the game (and I mean, using purely row game + dlc mechanics and no mods or hack), but I'm not sure what I have left to do with it now :/ I'm going to turn this country into a dictatorship but then what ?The absence of Steam Cloud for save file is a shame given how easy it is to implement, and a pain from a player's point of view. I was hesitating between recommanding or not given the lifetime/price so it sealed the deal."
76561198079372685,Recommended,245470,14115180,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Thornz,"First thing I did was tweet my own name, in tribute to the great Ed Balls.The only thing is, you get assassinated for silly reasons. I created a racist police state that allowed animal testing and for some reason I got my head blown off.Great game anyway."
76561197977497651,Recommended,245470,14115771,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,JPJ1987,Fun Game.. Not much re-playability for me personally. But otherwise I would recommend. Found it quite easy.. My mate got assisinated though.. lol8/10 - Would legalize prostitution and canabis again.. :)
,Not Recommended,245470,14127477,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,blackibiza,"Really easy game, i would give it a rate of 4/10  because it's very easy to master, even at the higher difficulty.The idea behind it is nice, but the AI and some graphic glitches on Linux are bringing the overall vote down to 4."
,Recommended,245470,14133927,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Hissen,"Far from perfect, but a very enjoyable experience for the politics lover/hater/observer. Obviously such a game is filled with idiological bias, but it makes disproving the developer all the sweeter.You can convert England into new Texas and the United States into Nazi Germany."
76561198093729079,Not Recommended,245470,13823177,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vallfreyja,"I can quite enjoy strategy games which others would compare to a pretty spreadsheet, however this game is just completely boring. Maybe get it if you're really into politics, but if you just like all sorts of strategy games I'd stay away from this one.I ignored the reviews that said it was boring as I thought it may still appeal and I've loved games that have had similar reviews from others (CK2), but they were right about this one."
,Recommended,245470,13619940,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,jmemmerson,"Even with just one play so far, this game has taught me quite a lot about just how complicated politics is already.While the layout looks very simple, I feel that this is actually to the game's benefit, and the use of music as well as the knock on effects of choices made really can lead to a tense experience, which is more than I could have expected.I will definitely continue playing this game to attempt to perfect my strategy, and feels it's a great choice to pick up during the sale."
,Recommended,245470,13620873,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Edward Snowden Super Spy,Man I love this game. It is as Interesting as it is Hard. I love trying to swoon the popular idealogist so I can gain that vote. Now I know that I will never want to run for president.
76561198093766588,Recommended,245470,13621344,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Yurbenne,great game
,Recommended,245470,13621345,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,caocao,"I like it, however it is not woring well with my ubuntu14,text flashes too quick and affects the reading.some places do not display the text or pictures."
,Recommended,245470,13621921,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mr. Smooooth,"In 3 hours real time, I served 3 5 year terms as Prime Minister of Canada. I solved every problem with this country, achived a 98% approval rating, lowered taxes, eliminated organized crime, improved our Education and Healthcare systems, and eliminated povery and Homelessness in our borders.Mr. Smooooth for Prime Minister, I've clearly got this♥♥♥♥♥♥more handled then the current nutjobs in office. What about you, think you can do better?Democracy 3 is a detailed Governent Simulator allowing players to take control of an approximation of several real world governments and run them as they see fit. Through the game's interface you can see major problems as red indicators, your policies as white, beneficial situations as green, and the effects of all of these as Blue. By altering your policies you can affect any of the other indicators, and improve the quality of life for your people. Hovering over any bubble will show you how it relates to any other bubbles and how the public percives it. This game simulates many real-world factors to provide as close to a perfect simulation of government as it can.The game also features built in modding support through steam workshop integration and modding tutorials.Do well and you can be re-elected, do poorly and get assasinated or retire to obscurity. I highly reccomend you try this game."
,Recommended,245470,13624088,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CytoPlasm,"Today there are too many strategy games are coming out to public, and most of them are not even close to, being just farming games.Democracy3 is quite different, it is actually strategy game.Action is turn based, so don't expect it being warcraft4 (which will never come out actually)."
76561198051166142,Recommended,245470,13624659,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Feetuska,"You can have your very own semicommunistfacistpartyofcapitalistloyalists and mess up with it. Change it, switch things, drag sliders all day while checking out what happens after that and keep people happy.The game is made of edicts you can change. These edicts are all connected to different events and other edicts. This makes the game quite complicated and difficult which is basicly the idea of the game.You also gotta win the elections and to have an income.The game is full of political fancyness so I guess you are gonna learn something about politics. It's very easy to understand and has a fantastic tutorial in it.It does get boring after a couple of games because the whole game is basicly about dragging sliders and adding edicts.2,75/5"
76561198162108454,Recommended,245470,13624910,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BaddestnewsBears,This game is very fun and addicting. I love to run my own nation. With 1 or 2 expansions is all that is needed. Personally  only problem is that eventually  it may get boring and not play for 1-2 weeks and come backGive 8/10 stars
76561198095941228,Recommended,245470,13625488,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Aquamanforlife,"As early as possible, i legalized MArajuana, and taxed the hell out of it. It works! Democracy at itss finest!"
,Recommended,245470,10571534,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kachowth,"Democracy 3 learn you how the real democracy works. The game is advanced, but not hard it's just play the game, and you will understand it fast. 9.3/10No policing=No crimeHigh policing=Very high crimeAlmost everyone in society was mad at me and somebody tried to kill me so I turned up policing, spies and military to maximum and survived every assassinations, won the election by parents and old people.8/10 on sale"
76561197995027471,Recommended,245470,13613170,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Aszar,"While it may seem complex at first, gameplay is rather straight-forward. You quickly learn how everything is interconnected and every decision made effects a host of issues good and bad. Overall, a interesting game which seems to end by you being assassinated by one group or another."
,Recommended,245470,13614552,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ed,"Very complex at the start and may be a bit of a turnoff, but once you learn the fundementals of the game it get's to be a really good game if you're into politics, etc. I'm still learnnig new things myself and it should be fun to keep on going."
,Not Recommended,245470,13615179,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,⊰Pink⊱™,"This game has the potential to be good if it wasn't a poor replica of a long standing browser based game called ""NationSates"".In Democracy 3, I quickly got to the point where little or no change was required to maintain a successful government and despite the occassional market crash or threat of corporate assasination, there was no further challenge.Furthermore, implementation of this games options seem lazy. Despite which country you choose, you always end up with a two party system. One party being you, the other the opposition. Also, some policies that arise for certain countries are factually incorrect, and more of a one size fits all option.Overall, Lazy. Slightly interesting way to pass an hour, apart from that, even at sale price, don't bother.3/10 Would tax the rich again, but not in this game."
,Recommended,245470,13615708,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Das_Prius,It will bring out your inner Niccolò Machiavelli
76561198130339426,Recommended,245470,13616320,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MadDog,I always get assasinated...
,Recommended,245470,13616844,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Peskado,"I just wanted to make Germany a better place.  I thought I was doing pretty well, too.  Sure, the rich didn't like me so much and the liberals were getting sick of my restrictions, but it was all for the greater good I told myself.I inherited a country of vile creatures - obesity and alcohol abuse were on the rise.  Riots started to break out as I took office and internet crime was rampant.  So, I did what any new leader would do and focused my first term on education and healthcare.  Crime was a secondary focus but the most important thing to me was making Germany a stronger, smarter state.I started by throwing a large amount of our capital into funding state schools, taxing the rich to give everyone a fair shot at success no matter what family they were born into.  I legalized prostitution.  I started a needle exchange program to clean up our streets.  I put a heavy tax on junk food, tobacco, and even booze.  The police force was educated and doubled in size, stopping the riots and eventually putting an end to internet crime.  Sure, I made some mistakes along the way - I was spending more than we were making and naturally I had higher national debt than when I had taken office...but I had a plan to make it up.  It was all going to be fine.As my first term was coming to an end, Germany had the best public schools around and was the healthiest it had ever been.  I hadn't lied to my people, and stuck to my beliefs.  When election time came around, I crushed the opposition.  68% of the people wanted me back and so I decided to move forward.Immigration became an issue - more and more people wanted to come to Germany for it's amazing healthcare system and excellent education.  The patriots among my people had begun to complain about how these new people weren't true germans so I enacted more in-depth citizenship tests.  I eased race relations and refused ""equal opportunity"" bills which were harmful to the people who had voted me in at the start.  Everyone had the same chance to be great in Germany.  True equality (or close) was established.I encouraged the people to use our railroad system that I had been developing since my first term and they loved it.  Especially when I   Well, the people loved it.  The car industry fell to shambles.  I was reminded of our debt and it started to become a bigger problem and I took some drastic measures.  A flat 40% tax on corporations was the beginning of my end.Despite allowing oil drilling and utilizing trains heavily, we were apparently a very green nation.  I guess.  As it turns out, the 40% tax was way too much for big business to chew, and a majority of our corporations decided to do business elsewhere.  The tax worked short term, and as far my public could tell had worked just fine.  However, as those corporations left, jobs left with them and unemployment became rampant.Somehow, I ended poverty.  I...I'm not sure how I did it, but I eradicated poverty.  Yay me!  Yay Germany!  The national debt just continued to skyrocket though, and without big business to tax I ran out of options.  The middle class was my next target.  It's all ogre now.  With no idea on how to solve this problem, I figured I might as well go all out and set my sights to the heavens.  We built an incredible space station and started working on a Mars mission.  We legalized human cloning.  Science!Violent crime came back to good ol' Germany, and a terrorist sect of extremist liberals became a very real threat to my reign.  I established a spy network but it was too late.  After passing a law requiring handgun carriers to have a license, I was assassinated.  The terrorists bombed a building I was giving a press conference in and that was the end.  'Murika Matt was kill.Don't♥♥♥♥♥♥off the liberals!"
,Recommended,245470,13617363,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gilomonster,Accidentally got rid of unemployment benefits. Best political move ever.10/10
76561198091860864,Recommended,245470,13614854,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,phoeberyan,"From what I've played: awesome game! Start at 50% to get the idea, then move it up when you feel more comfortable. Within two hours of gameplay I abolished crime, poverty, homlessness, ran Canada into the ground with a depression, gave police and military fantastic training (which led to the diminishing of crime). Oh! And I was assassinated by a group of church goers because I legalized prositution and drugs. ONLY because you can tax the hell out of them.TL;DR BEST STRAT GAME!"
,Recommended,245470,12619485,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Mercury,"After Playing this for 3 hours, I felt like i've seen everythingEspecially for a 25$"
76561198087032382,Not Recommended,245470,14274152,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,TheRealXenocide,"Guessing on the results I get, the creative team's other job must be with the Koch brothers."
76561198065219847,Recommended,245470,14248978,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Chancellor,
76561198089989828,Recommended,245470,14213428,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,floboug,"Played it one time, was fun, won the election, did not reimplanted death sentences, religious party wanted me to be dead, i really dunno why.My country debt was 2 billion of euros.Did not succeeded to invent a new kind of fuel. Maybe impossible.You want to try ?"
,Recommended,245470,14244474,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sandt,"Where is Democracy 4? That is the question I first thought to look up after buying this game on a whim. I had never even heard of the series until I saw this game on Steam while flipping through indie titles. It's AMAZING. Amazing in its frustraition, complexity, simplicity (if that makes sense) anid pure joy of losing an election. It's hard to describe beyond, you run a country, juggle voters needs, wants and some vanity projects and hope you can win the votes for another term. Watching your votes counted is incredibly tense and surprisingly validating, if when i lost. I just kept playing to see how to improve. Addictive. The downside is there are only 3 DLC packs and a few countries to play as, but for a game made by one guy, I cannot complain. i'm officially an advocate of Positech Games now.Still, Democracy 4 is on my mind."
,Recommended,245470,13500362,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Sapiodon,Your only chance to fix your countries problems.
,Recommended,245470,13500762,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dr. Professor Firebat,"I like this game. I bought it when it was a weekend sale and enjoyed it throughly. But its gots some... issues. Issues is I guess the right word.Pros:*Amazing Web displaying your choices and effects*Decent Modding community with Workshop integration*Wide range of scenarios and events*Satirical mini jokes sprinkled throughout*Difficulty and Ease dependant on more than just a Easy , medium, Hard or Hardcore settingCons:*Mods often don't work or just have no use* Some minor and major glitches*Broken  save games*Unrealistic party system* Often gives you the ♥♥♥♥♥iest options for  cabinent members ethier they hate you, are aligned with groups your not trying to help, are incompent or a combination of the three.Overall though id say its a decent game. Pick it up if it strikes your fancy and its on sale, otherwise wait till it goes on sale i mean seriously this game is on sale alot. 8/10"
76561197998014220,Recommended,245470,13302357,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,felionous,"I started out with rampant organized crime and vigilantes in Australia.  There was an epidemic of asthma due to high polution and the country was considered non-competitive in the global economy.  During my 2 terms I nearly eradicated crime without expanding the death penalty, I solved the health care crisis and improved the enviroment to a point where my country set the world standard for green economies. I made the country a technological world leader, also a leader in production, raised the GDP to nearly half again the level of when I took office, drastically reduced unemployment and increased the overal standard of living.  All of this during a global economic crisis.  Naturally I was assassinated early in my third term.Very interesting game."
76561198052414092,Recommended,245470,13537024,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jguggs,"Despite the regular assassination attempts by religious fanatics, I've thoroughly enjoyed the game. Democracy 3 is an exciting political simulation, though it lacks variety between game to game. I'd like to see more individual flair between countries and unique random events. Despite this, it's the closest thing currently available to running a real country.Great game."
76561198081255160,Recommended,245470,10645847,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,expostelbow,"The mods make this game infinitely playable. I disagree with some of the default effects of certain policies, but there are so many different mods that your game can fit any political paradigm."
76561198098817713,Recommended,245470,10648642,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Banana Nesquik,gaem good me liek fun play much huors 10/10 yes
,Recommended,245470,10649159,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Not Joe,Really addictive game
76561198119029968,Recommended,245470,10659749,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dominici,"It is nothing like real democracy; you act like a leader who gets everything passed no matter what. There is no differant system for various countries, like the electoral college for the U.S.In the end the best part is when the communist rise up and assinate you.Still is very fun in the end."
,Recommended,245470,10692395,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Naruchin ☆,"I made a liberal paradise out of Monkey Island, 10/10.This game reminds me of the MUN sessions at my university, and the simulation games they play in Economics class with spreadsheets. I don't usually understand anything about how those simulations work, but the GUI does its job, the tutorial does a great job, and the quantity of high quality mods in the Workshop is amazing.Great to have a Political Currents 101, great to understand that politicians screw up real bad, but their job is not an easy one.This game is great (and you can be assassinated by nuns!)"
,Recommended,245470,10692750,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LJH08,Used tax havens and socialists policies together to appease the majority of the citizen base.... religious extremists car bomb me over legalized prosititution and gambling.    8/10
,Recommended,245470,10693933,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Engel,"If you are into politics, this is a pretty fun game. Pretty good improvement over the previous games, although I did enjoy them to some extent as well. Can be tricky at first, but it's actually fun to rule a country how you want to and see what comes about it."
76561198124606120,Recommended,245470,10694524,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,nwtjedi,"This is one of my first steam games, and I am glad I purchased it. While it may not be a perfect simulator, this game does have an incredible amount of detail, with dozens of policies and demographics to track. Some countries are harder to manage than others, but I suspect the difficulty varies based on your own political leanings."
,Recommended,245470,12446292,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,&rea,"The following of ""The Impossible Game"", with (slightly) improved graphics, and a brand new plot.I will suggest this game just because throughout this experience you will have a good comprehension about the problems a politician must face, and how impossible is to make everyone happy."
,Recommended,245470,12449240,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,gcbeehler5,"Love this game. Lot's of different ways to tinker and make it harder or easier. Lot's of variables to try to keep everyone happy. The premise is fairly straight forward, and the game can be challenging. It's definitely worth a few hours of your time!"
,Recommended,245470,12449358,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ABCDOMG,Nazi Germany simulator*
76561198029689406,Not Recommended,245470,12462864,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,jonob123,"Ridiculously simplistic for a £20 game, highly unrealistic."
76561198028532400,Recommended,245470,12465989,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Andrewtc55,Good for any Government class to see how political policies affect a country.
,Recommended,245470,11224862,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,jadedcat,"I have never had this much fun trying not to be assassinated.  There are some obvious politcal biases in the game but overall its a fun game to play, over and over."
,Recommended,245470,11227337,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Gillanator,"I've spent a fair amount of time playing this game and have come to the conclusion I would recommend it. I find it very fun to play because of all of policies you get to manage. One time I made the united states 100% state employees, so basically I turned the U.S. into a communist country.As fun as this game is, it is way too easy as I play on 200% difficulty and win 80% of the time, and this is using the ""challenging"" countries I got from the steam workshop.However the game replay value lasts a lot longer if you download mods from the steam workshop.Only get this game if its at least half off. If you want steam games cheap go on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.net"
76561197990447294,Not Recommended,245470,11229845,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,amusselm,"I almost want to recomend this game. I stratgety games, I like politics, I should like this game. But something just feels off about it. Democracy 3 is politics divorced from people and proscess. It proves one very intresting point: What you want, what is popular and what is politically viable are three different things. But, it has a hard time staying grounded to anything political beyond this. There is no congress or parelement, just a bunch of numbers representing each policy and its effects or just how much you can implement per turn. There is no opposition, just a limited amount of 'political capital'. There are no midterm elections, no vote counts, no branches of government.I have to give them credit for trying, but you can't simply abstract away workings of politics and still have it be a political game.Now, when we look past this criticism and examine the gameplay as it is, it's okay. Trying to figure out a combination of policies that will keep the voters happy both short and long term can be a challenge and does require some interesting decision of the player. But, given the implementation delay on a given policy, it can be hard to tell what effects are kicking in when. The gameplay and UI aren't bad, they just aren't great either.Ultately, I came very close to recomending this game. Then the graphics glitch out on Linux for me whenever a dialog box appears.So, consider this a weak non-recomend. If you can pick it up cheap on a Sale, it might be worth checking out. If they fix the Linux port's issues, I'd even go so far as to make it a weak recomend for folks who like puzzle and stragety games and aren't expecting a deep political element to it."
76561198122293652,Recommended,245470,11217289,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jack'o'lite,"Even though it is quite complex and all seems overwhelming at first, it can actually be pretty enjoyable and addictive.If you know anyone who has said the words ""i can run the country better than they can"" or something along those lines, then i think you should reccomend this game to them, just to see if they actually can do that. As i say, nobody ever said that running a Country is easy. (unless you know someone who quoted otherwise) :PI do love this game to the point where I might become addicted soon, However, there is 1 or 2 issues i have so far.There are some areas that to me seem inaccurate, for example if i were to raise a tax on a certain area, i find that the effects seem to fluctuate and seem to give off a situation that I think is a bit extreme compared to real-life policies and how people respond to them. But I like to remind myself that 1) its a game and 2) all of these details are tiny in the grand scheme of things in my opinion so don't mean much to me.Overall, I love this game, since i love simulation/strategy games as long as they don't go too deep, and I love politics.I would reccomend this to anyone who also loves sim/strat games, love politics, or both."
,Recommended,245470,11232588,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Buffalo,This has been a fun game to play.  The UI is a little bit scary at first but once you get use to the flow of the orbs it becomes a lot of fun.
76561198043901228,Recommended,245470,11236060,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,BubbleGumSage,very hard not for everyone but incredibly rewarding
76561198089429544,Recommended,245470,11014305,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Triceracops,"I love this game! It is very rewarding to lead a country and be re-elected. The game shows real aspects of what it is like to be a leader of a country. It is impossible to make everyone happy, so laws have to be made to appease two completley different parties. The game is hard at first, but is becomes easier and more fun. My favorite thing to do is drive a country into an anarchy!"
,Recommended,245470,10815859,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BIRD!!!,Very Complex and hard if you dont really /REALLY/ think things through. Pretty fun after you get a better understanding of what to do.
,Recommended,245470,10728530,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,corinthian217,"It's a great game which forces you to consider all the factors which influence a political landscape, sometimes highlighting connections you never considered before. It's a slow game requiring a lot of thought, but if you don't mind stopping to consider the implications and long play times, I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,245470,10704320,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RattyRyan,Did you juste loose the elections?Though♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's democracy...and why I created a one party state :D
,Recommended,245470,10860542,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Insidia,I did some very bad things
,Recommended,245470,13603274,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,T.w² | deltapuma,"This is a game that after playing it your head will hurt. Becasue it made mine, you have to debate what to do in your head. Who to please and who to♥♥♥♥♥♥off I have played several rounds and it is hard you might lose for making one wrong move and it cost more to revert that move. over all it is a great complex game I give is a 7/10."
,Not Recommended,245470,13603411,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,bretth104,"I'm very interested in politics and I love the concept of the game but its only very fun for a few days. Because its more of a sandbox type game where you can do whatever you like, nothing feels new and theres no way to breathe new life or excitment into it. Because there is no hook in the game I'll have to not recommend it, you'll have fun for a little bit but you'll be bored shortly after."
,Recommended,245470,13603662,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Smodger,"SO i played this for quite a while as the UK, at the start the people hated me for increasing taxes and decreasing expenditure but as soon as we hit a surplus and got rid of debt i fixed everything, the people loved me so much that even when i started increasing their income tax to 90% THEY STILL VOTED FOR ME... this game is hella fun if you know how to deal with everything and if you dont, you'll have a hell of a time trying to... overall 10/10 however dont think my play time will be increasing much more than this... well worth the money"
,Recommended,245470,13587051,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Foe99 #PlayingwithVive,"I crafted a crime-free completley equal society with the best education avaliable, and was assasinated by capitalists. 10/10"
,Recommended,245470,11158499,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,wolfling,"Nice, all crashes fixed... game runs well."
,Recommended,245470,13336720,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Acropolis,"It's a very fun game if you're a fan of graphs, reading, and tough decisions. It loses some appeal after you've gotten your strategies/policies figured out, but I definitely recommend getting it on sale.  Also, don't expect to immediately achieve your dream utopia; without pacing and compromise, you will definitely get assassinated."
,Recommended,245470,13634331,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,KClown1,- USA: Got assasinnated by the ethnic group-Australia: Got vegimite thrown at and somehow died (too salty?)-Germany: Somehow was able to rebuild the Berlin Wall-Canada: The only place i was actually liked and no one gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥Besides that 10/10 game
76561198146555192,Recommended,245470,13634988,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,thejohn1567,"Damn liberals angry when I reduce crime.Damn capitalists angry when I reduce unemployment and poverty.Damn motorists and capitalists angry when I decrease carbon emissions.Damn cabinet, always having filthy affairs.Damn religious dudes bringing down the technology bonus.Damn unionists bringing down productivity.Starting out is frustrating but the game was quite fun overall. It's a turn-based game and looks really complex at first but isnt too hard to get the hang of. The main problem with these kinds of games is the replayability. I got it on sale for five bucks, at full price it probably wont be worth the amount of entertainment you get from it.7/10"
,Recommended,245470,13635600,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Ranswick,"Very nice ans imple simulation game. Quite easy, but perfect to spend some time enjoying a simulation game.The questions when entering a new round do repeat too often. There would be clearly room for more content.The dlc is nice, but not that big. Worth some bucks during a sale."
76561198007819002,Recommended,245470,13635808,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Finlandiaperkele,"Got the economy stabilated, won elections by a huge margin, cut down unemployment and nobel prizes started to rain on my country.And I got assasinated by Liberal Extremists.11/10 -IGN"
76561198030919962,Recommended,245470,13636870,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,shadow (h)edgy as FUCK!,Insanely easy and unrealistic. Best slider simulator on steam though.
,Recommended,245470,13639149,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pope Urban II,"bought game and DLCsPlayed as GermanyMade it a fundamentalist police stateworked11/10More seriously, the game is rather cheap for it's content and is really fun. Seems to have big replayability. All countries are similar, though, which is kinda eh. I like it."
76561198036454881,Recommended,245470,16725960,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Brave Sir Robin,"""But I have black friends!""- My last words as I was executed by the Black Power Group10/10 would get shot for being racist again."
76561198004531684,Not Recommended,245470,16737452,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,coronavitae,"This game is exactly what and how it says it is, but I just couldn't get into it.I knew that the game was all about data graphics (ie no graphics), but I hoped that the interaction between the different factions and political policies would make me feel like I was interacting with a political system, not a mathematical numbers game.It did not. It felt like I was twisting knobs to get different bars to rise or lower, and the political side seemed like a bunch of stickers pasted onto a math game. I wish I liked it, but I didn't."
,Recommended,245470,16737975,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Goosemeister,Turned Australia into a Socialist/Liberal State with over whelming opressive police force.9/10
76561198042203886,Recommended,245470,30362917,Posted: 6 March,all,Bittersweet,"This game is fun, educative and has some depth. You can challenge yourself in so many ways. For the price, and with a couple of mods to increase longevity, this gets a big thumbs up from me"
,Recommended,245470,16660150,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pokeli,Teaches you the fundamental lesson in government...the only way to win is to not play
,Not Recommended,245470,16783872,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Donny,Bought this game with all DLC for 10€. This game has too little content for this kind of money. After about 2-3 hours you get confronted with dilemma's you've already dealt with. It's fun but has very little content. Don't pay more than 3 euros for this game
,Recommended,245470,16784396,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,John F. Kennedy,Really amazing Game if your into Politics and feel like you would make a good leader!
,Recommended,245470,16347350,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,spartank,"I tried to reinact the George w. Bush presidency>made huge cuts to school programs, state pension, science research, food stamps, and unemployed benefits>kept military spending at 200 billion>drastically lower taxes for wealthy-- corporate tax is non-existent at this point>deficit skyrockets>poverty skyrockets>get assassinated by black panthers"
76561198090980099,Recommended,245470,17214601,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Jacko403,"I strongly recommend you buy this incredible goverement simulator. If you fancy running a major world goverment than this is the game for you. It's full of fun challenges and obstacles waiting to be overcome. I especially like the satisfaction when you get to eradicate a problem in your country resulting in a gain in votes. The formate of the main game is confusing at first but fun when you get it. The choices in country's already in the game are vast with many more to be downloaded off the steam workshop. The best part of the game in my opinoin is the fact that you change policys and add in new ones to better society. These policies can have a minimal impact or a large impact on you country. You can judge this by a bar showing the popularity of the policy. Overall, i would strongly recommend to any one thats intrested in buying a gov't simulator, i would recommend Democracy 3 because of its vast choices and easy learning curve."
,Recommended,245470,17214702,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,tplusx,"Excellent game, shows how tough it is to rule in democracy"
,Not Recommended,245470,17217712,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Flashist,"Guys, you've made one of the worst tutorial ever, seriously. I've tried to play this game few times and every time I try, I just stop because the tutorial is enormously long. It's really the bad way to involve people in the game."
,Recommended,245470,14313281,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[71st] Sulphuric_Glue,"Please bear in mind, the following is my opinion alone. You may disagree with my opinion.Democracy 3, also known as Slider Simulator 2014, is a good, realistic simulation of a country.First off, the game is not really a game. It is a bunch of circles with lines between them. The circles can be three things; Policies, Simulations and Situations. Policies are things which you decide, such as tax rates and abortion laws. Simulations are things like the average health of the nation, car usage, and the amount of crime. Situations are... well, Situations. They are things like national obesity, abnormally good (or bad) technology, and an uncompetitive economy.The level of realism, for me, is a good thing. It's not exactly my forté, but I love all this politics and stuff. Managing policies and winning elections is very interesting to me.However, as every game does, Democracy 3 has bad points. Firstly, as I have said before, it is just a bunch of lines, arrows, sliders and circles. Also, despite being fun for a while, it gets dull and repetitive after the first or second election. After winning elections with a nation once or twice, you need to leave the game for a while before it becomes desirable again. However, before it gets repetitive, the game is very good.RATINGSGraphics - 4/10Gameplay - 7/10Story - 0/10Value for Money - 3/10 (£18.99, are you serious? It should be £10 at the most!)Replayability - Nearly InfiniteLength - Technically InfiniteExtra Special Feature - Super realistic simulation.My Final Rating:7.5/10Very Good"
76561198032322474,Not Recommended,245470,10221104,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,apsaps,"Too simple... not complex at all :(It's all about gdp, just cut the expenses and later raise them when you can afford it and tadaa you win...I expect complex to be about multiple variables not just one."
,Recommended,245470,17227490,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Duraldo,"First game:Played as the USA, where a hypothetical religious right, a very extreme form of conservatism (in my mind), became the dominant power. So I taxed booze, cigarettes, and started enforcing crime. Had very little crime. Then the minority groups felt they were getting harassed, and the Black Power group assassinated me. Ahhh, America.Second game:UK, in my attempt to ""Americanize"" it....Oh man this was awesome. The UK went from being pretty prosperous, to instantaneously in debt, and it only kept increasing the more I kept giving into banks.10/10"
76561198107073015,Recommended,245470,17036527,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,tvdraco,"You would think that this would be the most boring game possible but then liberal extremists assassinate you because you developed a utopian society. Sure maybe we restarted Colonialism temporarily and forgot to get rid of it once we were done but still. Not cool. And sure maybe we temporarily legalized all drugs and distributed it for free to only turn around and tax the hell out of it later. There was no crime, free housing, and world class education. You don't assassinate the guy who gave you all that."
,Not Recommended,245470,17008228,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,vendors,"Way to easy. Won my first election by 80%, never gone below 95% ever since, actually haven't gotten below 99% of the popular vote in a while. There is no poverty, no crime, no unemployment in germany, and with a € 2000 Bn reserve, my actions are (totally) restrained by the number of programs I can issue. The only thing that's proven difficult is that no matter how much invest in a better environment, it only get's worse (year is the only negative effect unaffected by any action you take, and it slowly removes you from office - and don't we all love things that make us lose and we can't influence).Has potential, is not quite there yet."
76561198086124859,Recommended,245470,27236465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,timmy_candy,it was great learning.
,Recommended,245470,27263552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kazeako,"If you love your country, then run it."
76561198077850081,Recommended,245470,27255774,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dan Williams,>Started a game>Made the US into a scientific police state>Religious people got mad>Cranked up the police>Assassinated in like 6 turnsPerfect 5/7
76561198046969598,Recommended,245470,27347290,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,goplowest3,"I made a utopia, everyone paid taxes happily. Fully functional national monorail. A true darwanist society,Some nuns decided to shoot me in the face10/10"
,Recommended,245470,27360386,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kyufan,Awesome game simulator. Workshop makes it even better.
,Recommended,245470,27049016,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ormar,"pretty okay, kinda cool to be supreme ruler without any pesky congressmen"
,Recommended,245470,27127626,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr.Tusk,"A game that you play when you felt bored, be creativity with the way you ruler the country. If you wanted to play this game, buy it when it is on sale."
,Recommended,245470,30939758,Posted: 4 April,all,Ijzo,A ruthing good game if I do say so myself.I much recommend this game of strategy and indulge on it.7.9/10
,Recommended,245470,26982700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Cosmic Owl,Enjoyable but not grand
,Recommended,245470,27006459,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NoFreeGaming,very good game
76561197996785160,Recommended,245470,27002732,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CoachAub,"This is a great strategy, thinking, simulation style game.    Try to run you nation the best you can!  I was assassinated a couple years into my term on my first try---LOL."
76561198094038878,Recommended,245470,10894030,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,eliade1,"Love it. The 'Extremism' DLC adds a more realistic, negative vibe to it. It's like SIMS for adults--I guess. There needs to be an ""Election 2016: Trump Releases the Hate!"" DLC for this game. It's already amazing, but that could be an interesting add-on."
,Recommended,245470,24394726,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,a helpless tramp,"This game crushed me, and I never want to go in to politicsAmazing game though 10/10"
76561198159413906,Not Recommended,245470,24742050,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,punkspider1,"Interesting for a single play, but then you just can't be bothered anymore... got it for about a tenner, so not too gutted."
,Not Recommended,245470,13147340,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Tux+,Random crashes during game play and loading the same game crashes at the same point e.g next turn so you can never progress further.Too buggy to recommend.
76561197994408157,Recommended,245470,24781864,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,DrFetid,A very interesting light simulation of politics.
,Recommended,245470,25031934,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,I learnt that current political parties no longer represent their core values.
76561198007271965,Recommended,245470,25062237,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,celtic_ohio_guy,"A really unique and fun game, I highly reccomend it, especially at the listed cost. I have purchased each add-on. My only complaint is that I wish there was more complex/different add-on options as after awhile it can become repetitive. It needs more depth to truly be a full experience.If there was more depth and variety, this would easily be my favorite game."
76561198042165879,Recommended,245470,25171580,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,jleeming,"Turn a $50 Billion deficit into a $50 surplusIntroduce a space program, turn an uncompetitive economy into a productive and sophisticated financial superpower, switch the military from 'light defensive' to overwhemling force. Win a foreign oil war. Lower income tax and raise funding for libraries, public schools and pensions. Teach evolution instead of creationism. End violent crime and inner city riots.Get voted out by the Jehovah party and 'retire into obscurity'. 10/10 for realism."
,Recommended,245470,25170984,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MixTrick #Chill'n'Play,still waiting for the donald trump policies DLC ( good game fell a little bit repetitive but that's fine)
76561198146485625,Recommended,245470,12793280,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,stevenwills222,Great game very addictive great for role play.just wish the price stay consistent I bought it for 20.
,Recommended,245470,13258788,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Kalijawan(Kal),"I found out that I am very socialist, fairly liberal, and anti-cars, anti-religion. Even though this is a game of sliders and policy, and is a good political management game with none of the political ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, its just whats good for the country."
76561198097510320,Recommended,245470,13259893,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Maximus,"Democracy 3 is a game that takes an intersesting view on modern polotics. The game revolves around the implementation, funding, and effects of various polocies. The moral of this game is that you will never make everyone happy(especialy capitalist)."
,Recommended,245470,13210330,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Tiinusen,"This game got it all, No other words to describe it.Hard as hell, UK is very difficult to handle on 100% difficult level. And everyone want to kill you.This game is perfect!10/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,23966028,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Skylake,"No crime? No violent crime? Time for riots!Great overall health? Time for obesity!Feels like the GDP is just randomly changing every round.Translations are horrible as well, why let the community translate when you can use Google, right? The DLC's arent translated at all so I have to play in two languages at the same time, great.Not even the 66% discount can make up for that."
76561198014699592,Recommended,245470,23883350,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Bernie,Great game tons of fun if like sims
,Recommended,245470,23883818,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,red_comet,"Led Germany for 3 (or was it 4?) 5 year terms as a socialist with high 90s population support in every election,Permanent AAA credit rating with positve income since the first term (even in financial depressions)Managed a full cabinet for 2 terms without any ministers quitting or being firedEradicated poverty and unemployment and obesityCreated an egalitarian societyLost an island in the Pacific due to a wek armed forcesSet up a space station and a base on MarsFinancial reserve of at least 2,000 billion in the last election...............Still get voted out of office in the last election cos of reasons unknown (electorate support just sank to 21% and was there forever even after cancelling all income tax as an experiment)..........or perhaps it was the Battenburg group that I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off too much with the socialist policies.Time to retire in peace as an elder statesmen and write a political memoirs"
,Recommended,245470,23913446,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Biggie Large aka Lil Toaster,"I played this game with my friend because i could never actually get the game started without it crashing. SO, I refunded it. I might rebuy it. This game is really fun and worth the money. Although my game wouldn't work its still a great game."
,Recommended,245470,23938798,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,REPUTATION,"Played as America, successfully wiped out crime from the land of freedom, managed to get a massive amount of surplus while keeping the expenditure as low as possible, successfully balanced between military level and patriots support, and somehow managed to evade 10+ sniping and bombing attempts by liberal-based 'The Freedom League' (such American name) and capitalist-based 'the-Battenburg-something' I forget the name. But hey, at least people would vote for me again given the chance and I could finally retire in peace after my 2nd term and dozens of assassination attempts!10/10 would evade assassination attempts again"
76561198071041732,Recommended,245470,23898542,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,LeftyLucifer,"First tried to create an Anarcho-Pacifist utopia, that didn't bode well for the Battenburg Group. Sniped outside of a schoolhouse I was opening. Then I said, alright screw that, my successor will be a Nationalist Big Brother, who suspends legal rights and taxes the hell out of the poor and weak. Turns out America really loves that. Until I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Black Power Movement. Got a bullet in the skull exiting my mansion early in the morning.Moral of the story, dont be a politican, someone will kill you."
,Recommended,245470,23898309,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MacGurtig,"This is a Great Game, strong focus on theory, but an outstanding fun though. What's better than establishing an anti-social  capitalist country with a mental-stupid-religious society, praying to you like a god?I guess a lot. So keep it in the game.10/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,13292251,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,ice,"Cool at the beggining but it lacks any feeling of realism. Developers could be improving the gameplay with more economic accuracy, more countries, more events, etc, but instead they prefeer releasing superficial DLCs."
,Recommended,245470,16031188,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,The Night King,"I started in Australia, got amazing GPD, no crime, amazing education, amazing economy, almost no unemployment then was assassinated by Liberals...."
,Recommended,245470,25710948,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineBE TRUMP FOR A DAY!Democracy 3 is a political simulator developed by Positech Games and is the third game in the Democracy series with Democracy, Democracy 2 and this version Democracy 3The game looks extremely simple when you look at it for the first time. You run the government of a country (such as the United Kingdom, France, Germany and so on) and throughout your governmental term in office you have to try and balance the country's GDP, health, education, crime, poverty, unemployment and so on whilst also keeping an eye out for your budget and introducing policiesThroughout your campaign you have to be wary of introducing new laws, sorting out your political party and not get assassinated in the process. Throughout the game you will also have general elections which predict whether or not you will continue another term in parliament, if so, you can continue ruling the country, if not, game overThe game may look simple but it is quite complex and does need a lot of attention to play the game seriously. You need to manage the needs of the people and the needs of the country. The gameplay takes place in a sort of brain web where you select different items such as education or health and sort out the needs of different people, such as; the youth, the elderly, capitalists, liberals, and so onThe game offers four sets of DLC; Social Engineering, Extremism, Clones and Drones and Electioneering. These four sets of DLC add more content into the game, nnothing special. The game also offers Steam Workshop which also offers more additional content for free this time, so if you do not want to buy the DLC content, you can always add more content with the Steam Workshop integrationDemocracy 3 also ventures into the African territory in Democracy 3: Africa and is sold seperately as a standalone game. Honestly, I don't know why it is sold seperately as it is mostly the same game, only this time it takes place in Africa and adds a few more situations that are taking place in Africa right now such as warDemocracy 3 is not for everyone, me personally I liked it and yes I have played the previous two Democracy games; Democracy and Democracy 2 which although it is a shame not to see Democracy being sold on Steam or GOG, I can say that the gameplay hasn't changed drastically only that Democracy 3 adds more modern situations (such as privacy infringment and wars) and a neater UIIf you do not like politics or from the get-go don't like how the game looks, then don't bother purchasing Democracy 3 or Democracy 2...RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198035793924,Recommended,245470,19783371,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,RabbidChickenz,Played as Canada... was asassinated by canadians... those evil canadians...10/10 would Canada simulator 2015 again
,Recommended,245470,14366836,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,TheGreyMan,Ever wanted to make the USA into the communist motherland? Well you can and into many other things as well. Jus need more playable countries.
,Recommended,245470,30864908,Posted: 31 March,all,SB_101,"A rare instance of a good simulation instead of cheap game design in political skins. Some of the starting challanges or cost of policies to address them be suboptimally balanced for a 3-4 year term limit (the multi-turn game 'round'). On the flip side it can be nice to blow-off steam by firing it up without political capital requirements (no 'action point costs' for a rapid-game). Still, worth supporting to get investment to realize the potential of this underexplored genre."
76561198005565138,Recommended,245470,25591588,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,juanmi121286,"Democracy 3 provides a rather entertaining time managing your own country, applying politics while keeping eyes on supporters, budget, interrelations...and even terrorist groups trying to slay you.While not the longest or the most complex managing simulator on Steam, it's probably one of the best Political simulators out there, so if the subject interests you, you can give it a try. Just don't expect much replayability, even with mods.6/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,25517418,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,singe,Game feels mediocre. The game is more about enacting specific policies in order to get a specific effect rather than toying with various ways of getting to the same result.
,Recommended,245470,25717421,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,DySyng,"Democracy was a very interesting and well made game. It doesn't have any fancy bells or whistles, but it did deliver an experience that helped me understand some of the challenges of running a government and country. Good job."
,Recommended,245470,25794746,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,green2onion,"-played as the US-being socialist-assassinated by the capitalists-super realistic, 100% will play again, 12/10"
76561198131472687,Recommended,245470,26037451,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LadyStardust7,This game is insanely enjoyable...it will suck your life away and make you respect and curse the politicians even more lol
,Recommended,245470,30893141,Posted: 1 April,all,Slim Shazza,"I was assassinated after like 3 years, extremely accurate"
,Recommended,245470,9044662,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Kristoffer,step 1: legalize weedstep 2: legalize prostitutionstep 3: conservatives gets mad.step 4: Dont know what more to do. (skips to re-election part)re-elected:?yes but your country is broke as ♥♥♥♥orno but the country is rich as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198055097854,Recommended,245470,19330269,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,GoodDaySir,-Started as America-Created stable social democracy-No debt-Massive reserves-Assassinated by Donald Trump-Stated as America-Created repressive authortarian police state-Little debt-Assassinated by Obama15/10 Would definitely like to be shot by Trump again.
,Not Recommended,245470,19155085,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,astaiannymph,"This game is not terribly immersive, despite some attempts. It is somewhat worthwhile if your goal is to understand just how much of a mess running a country can be and/or you wish to be further disillusioned about politics."
,Not Recommended,245470,19779524,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,kilka,"This is my first ever post on any game and I have had this game awhile and have alot more hours then what it says. it was fun up intel it stopped working and after they ""fixed"" it the next button started to crash the game. The dev said he made pc_beta which is supposed to keep logs of when it crash’s and we send it to him I have sent multiple and so have others in the comment section of the games website blog and on the discussion board section for this game. You will notice that he has not replied to any of the topics. It feels like the dev has seriously left this game to die. I do not recommend you to buy this game tell there is proof that the dev has fixed it."
76561198169393597,Not Recommended,245470,19776440,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,sbgriffin699,Nice idea but the game is way to short before it becomes way to easy and borning.
,Recommended,245470,20926956,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"I remember the earlier iterations of Democracy to be more ""fun"". That being said, this is a realistic simulation of how politics works... slog and all. I enjoyed parts of it, but sometimes it felt like a real slog to make any sort of accomplishment. But perhaps this is what they hoped to achieve? Simply put, you can't please everyone, all the time. So it is in life. I think this game would be great if used as an educational product."
76561198037264314,Recommended,245470,20928428,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,TurtleSoup,It takes some getting used to since it's pretty much all graph based but once you understand HOW to be play it's addictive and personally I can spend hours on a playthrough. Good if you're interested in politics but only theoretical since this game removes all of the shady deals and lies.
,Not Recommended,245470,7489909,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Bryan Cranston,"This game is the epitome of assassination attempts. If they put a little more emphasis on you being the assassin, then maybe the game would be great, but as it stands it is not that good. The problem is that it isn't really about survivng politics, so much as surviving at all. Everyone and their grandma wants you dead if they are not happy, and that approval meter means nothing. Who cares about the 99% of people who like you, when there is 1% that will eventually kill you. So good luck getting anything done in this failed attempt at a political simulator. Unless you consider dying a political success."
,Recommended,245470,21295841,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bringles WillSmith,This is a very good game
,Not Recommended,245470,10608092,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,++,"started off as a pretty interesting and fun game - for like 1 hour.Once you hit a certain level of popularity among your population, it gets pretty boring. New laws always get passed. You can just click next, next, next without even reading anything because at that point, you are going to be re-elected anyway.At least that was my experience, after hitting 90% popularity in the third term."
,Recommended,245470,12824557,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Aeneas,"If you like politics you'll like the game. It's a good simulator, it gives you the sense of the consequences that a single decision can have."
76561198150467945,Recommended,245470,12840073,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SFC,Very remarkable game. Truly to feel that being a leader of a nation is not easy as we thought.
,Recommended,245470,13055736,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,HK-47,"This game is brilliant, but I have one big criticism - the assassinations. It is way too easy to get assassinated in this game. If you lower taxes, you get assassinated. If you raise taxes, you get assassinated. If you buy better equipment for schools, you get assassinated. If you reduce bus lanes, you get assassinated."
,Recommended,245470,13015961,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Goose,do you like graphs? yes? then you'll like this.
76561198037070661,Recommended,245470,13151485,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,freeman,"Interesting game, but still a little buggy - e.g. legalizing drugs leads to higher crime in the game. The effect in the real world is opposite."
,Recommended,245470,13151660,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Holty12345,"Within Two Terms of being Prime Minister, I had erradicated crime and poverty. Created a Green and Equal society. Taxed the rich til the capitalists started to plot against me,  made Prostitution and Cannibis legal.Get you're♥♥♥♥♥♥together real Government. It Ain't that hard.10/10"
,Not Recommended,245470,13152485,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Chiaki777,"Here's the problem with Democracy 3. Like all simulations, the input/output format eventually becomes a numbers game. You want to do well in this game? Just make the right policy decisions and packpedal when something isn't doing so hot. It's all numbers and there's no nuance.Eventually, once you figure out how the game ticks, it's just a matter of sitting back and implementing the policies you know will work in your favor and you've gone and created whatever utopia you wanted."
76561197988504894,Not Recommended,245470,13153899,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,whiteprvilegedlukecage,"Its a fun game for the first 3 times you play. Then you realize that no matter what you do, you get killed before the end of your first term. I mean, its a simulation with the same outcome no matter what you input.First got killed by a religious group, then I shifted all policies to favor them to the point atheists wanted to kill me. 2 turns later, the same religous group was not a theat but they killed me anyway. and the story repeated itself for more 10 games until I gave up to play."
,Recommended,245470,13153915,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,König Ludwig XVIII,"Somewhere between casual strategy and casual sim, should be easy to run, interesting to try to adhere to political ideologies. I am glad that I got this on sale though as it can be mundane after a while or difficult to get into."
,Recommended,245470,13154859,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,breads,"This game might not look like much at first, but it's an actually very detailed masterpiece of programming that forces you to utizlize your ethics, morals, drive, and logical thinking in order to achieve the perfect society in your image! I would highly reccomend this game for someone who enjoys deep-thinking strategy games and a hard challenge as the game gives you an abundance of both!"
76561197992913795,Recommended,245470,21043107,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TROGDOR!!!,"Turned the United States into a completely green, crime-free, poverty-free utopia with no obesity and extemely healthy, well-educated citizens (during a huge global depression)... killed by liberals.Naturally the game is biased (if you don't understand why, you probably do not understand the complexity of politics at a national level) but it is enjoyable to see how your decisions affect various groups within its ruleset. It is also educational as there is a great deal of insight in how interactions between different groups and policies happen.Is it perfect? No. Should you get it? That depends on what you are looking for, it does have an initial learning curve and is limited to politics solely so it is not for many. I enjoyed my first couple sessions playing and look forward to exploring other political approaches and seeing how they affect the end result. Anyone who likes or is interested in politics and keeps an open mind when coming up with political solutions will likely enjoy (and even learn from) this game immensely."
,Recommended,245470,21039993,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,bluefootedpig,"This is a game for those that like games similar to ""Fate of the world"". It is very statistics, so if you like looking at trends, trying to predict future events, and control a country, then this is for you.Strongly recommended for those with strong imaginations, as there isn't much to the graphics."
76561198027771471,Recommended,245470,10643762,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Malorn,I think every politician should have to play this game to show them how hard it is to actually run a  government. I also think it would be an informational and fun way to teach kids how politics work.
,Recommended,245470,17115872,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,ZohiusGaming,"This game although being good, functioning well, running well and its overall a good game but the only problems i have a the slight biases within the game in realtion to the policies although that can be fixed with mods and is fine. Its also highly recommended you check out and use mods to improve and continue your gaming experience when playing this game."
,Recommended,245470,24831569,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Evuljeenius,"Can't put the thing down, so many times I've found myself still up at 3am thinking ""just one more try"" or ""if only I did that then they might not assassinate me"".Only bad thing I can think say is I wish there was a way to see which policies you have enough points to change without going into them, so much time wasted clicking on policies only to find I don't have enough points to do anything with it."
,Recommended,245470,24767228,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Devonicus,"This delivers exactly the same stylization as Democracy 2. It is fun to toy around with and with the addition of the Workshop, the game has a ton of replay value. If you are into politics, theorization of what could be in your country, then get this game."
76561198045285245,Recommended,245470,22838771,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Ellipse,"I have, on many occassions, created the happiest, safest, most successful country in the world, off a democratic socialist model.It's fun, I guess. Better than real life, am I right? (jfc trump might win...)"
,Recommended,245470,22377782,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Yromem´-,very nice game! interessted in politics? have a look and see if you can handle the things you think others cant.
,Recommended,245470,22443805,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Total Trash Mammal,"-Started as the United States with a terrible credit rating, huge deficit, and everyone PO'd.-Cue 4 years worth of desparate pandering and carefully balancing the budget in order to avoid being voted out/brutally murdered.-Win re-election with 45% of the populace behind me, only winning because everyone was too lazy to vote.-I just say ""♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ this country, ♥♥♥♥ everyone I'm done"" and just start taxing and spending to insane levels just to see how much I can get away with before someone assassinates me.-Manage to pull through somehow and turn the entire country into a leisurely, crime-free marxist utopia with world class education and healthcare, where the GDP is through the floor and like 3/4 of the population is unemployed but we're still turning out quarterly surpluses of hundreds of billions of dollars because the economy is so damn effiecient and our credit rating is going nowhere but up.-All the factions are either so happy with me or so insignificant that the U.S. becomes a de facto one-party state, something which only previously occured when half the country tried to straight up leave during the Civil War.10/10 Would accidentally become a communist again."
,Not Recommended,245470,22401067,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Splashwettyy,The only way to win is to be european socialists.
,Recommended,245470,22421952,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Oracle,My brain... this game will delete you from a real life for at least 10h
76561198107661743,Recommended,245470,22868171,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,bluealert3,"This game is a great reperesntaion of running a contry. Get the DLC as this adds more fun. A tip to those starting the game a new,don't remove every single last tax, or you WILL DIE."
,Recommended,245470,20543926,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,pants,im da bes president ever
,Recommended,245470,21268946,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,9vikis,It's just a game for all. Everyone must play in it. Why? To know basicly how your country works. Everything is very close to real life
76561198093612866,Recommended,245470,21145879,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,PAWNSH0P,Makes slightly conservative changes. All the liberal voters in Canada begin to dislike me. The economy grows and the debt shrinks. After two terms I lose to a liberal. Should've seen that coming...
76561198076272282,Recommended,245470,21015118,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,King Louie,Outlawed all gunsAssassinated by a gun10/10 realism
,Recommended,245470,21770595,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,[NWO] Deathbringer,For the politically minded gamer. Democracy 3 s a fun game to play. It is well put together and is not going to take you forever to see a resuult. 8/10.
,Not Recommended,245470,10268948,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,br410bury,This game distills the essense of data driven gameplay down to literally just the data part. It is a decent distraction but it doesn't sustain interest beyond the initial curiosity.
,Recommended,245470,21702083,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,The Last Roman,"Played as America. I started off by removing restrictions on pretty much everything. Guns, drugs, amount of land of and income owned, you name it. In no time at all the United States emerged as a sort of Neo-Wild West, where anyone was allowed to do whatever they wanted. Unless they killed people, then they were executed by machinegunner SWAT teams because, you know, murder's bad for tourism and morale. I also began community policing and youth clubs to keep the teens out of gang business and the police close to and trusted by we the people.I invested in clean and renewable energy. I ran ads and services to keep the earth clean. In under a year our oil dependancy, pollution, and CO emission were practically nonexistant. Everyone's homes were outfitted with solar panels and wind turbines. I made a monorail that spanned the entire country, making commuting faster, cheaper, and more comfortable then ever before. Gridlocks never happened. Oil prices dropped to record lows.After our freedoms and pollutions were dealt with, I turned to the economy. I offered discounts to new cars and healthy food to lower the nation's carbon footprint and make health food as cheap as burgers. I offered courses, discounts, classes, youth encouragement and big business aid to small startup companies, making countless new enterprises and bringing up a whole new generation confident in their own leadership and planning skills, allowing the self-employed and young entrepreneurs to flourish and bring forth brilliant ideas and a competative economy, where everyone was in a race to provide the highest quality merchandise for the lowest price.I eliminated the debt. I built up a government surplus. I created America's very own space station. I built a city on Mars. Unemployment, crime, and poverty were nonexistant. America was the greatest, most powerful and free nation on the planet. Together, we the people looked to the skies and began planning flying cars and robot workers, making our Sci-Fi dreams a reality.I was assassinated by liberals because I made too many CCTV Cameras and Tasers."
76561198181119099,Recommended,245470,21737691,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,frankiesilva89,Good
,Recommended,245470,21742720,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Exogenous,"It has a pretty good game I love messing around with the metrics of it and doing random♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is extremely complex to figure out the perfect matrix of policies and what order to put them in I love that their are invisible effects that you cannot see.As expected it has a bit of a bias in certain policies and has an odd interprtiation of tax credits and certain subsidies being more capitalist then just not having the taxes in the first place. However, you can always get mods to fix whatever bias you think it has (I strongly advice the economic realism mod). I do suggest playing it in valila a few times though I still normally do.I am not sure I would advice getting the DLCs  the creater of the game is pretty nialistic or something and has it so that♥♥♥♥♥♥is basically ♥♥♥♥ed on your second term."
76561198116230416,Not Recommended,245470,21799318,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Pyros,"This game has a lot of potential, but it honestly lacks depth. I've played just a short amount of it, and I was already becoming tired of the repetetive processes in it. I would buy this game for $5 or so, but $25 is way too expensive for what you're getting. Overall, wait for a big sale, or skip this game all together."
,Recommended,245470,13324113,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,h,"If you enjoy social management game then this can be interesting. There are countless factors that effect the state of a country.However, the game is quite short. The whole purpose is to stay in power, which hardly happens because a random extreme group will kill you."
76561198121078891,Recommended,245470,13324162,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,INFINITE_LAVALAMPS,once you learn how to play it is really fun
76561197994944805,Not Recommended,245470,13324748,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ender,"The game has its moments, but it crashes so much that I can't bring myself to play the game."
76561198148506395,Recommended,245470,13379216,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Splifically,"Cool game with lots of features, it made me look at society and politcs in a different way"
76561198044475615,Recommended,245470,13381224,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,LetsGoThrashers,"As a former social studies teacher, I appreciated the depth and breadth of Democracy 3's understanding of political systems. On one of my first playthroughs, I tried to remake the U.S. as a socialist paradise, only to be assassinated by a splinter cell of reactionary capitalist plutocrats. I'd like to see this game used in the classroom at some point as a teaching tool about how Democracy works (and doesn't work). Great game."
,Recommended,245470,15568518,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Friar Tuck'sWorld of Miniatures,"I managed to turn the UK into a hyper profitable, socialist utopia. I thought I had won the game. Then all of a sudden there were race riots and I had to close the borders. Thanks Democracy 3 for making be behave the opposite of how I would in real life."
76561198084223850,Recommended,245470,15569926,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,hugh9889,"great game, the only thing is that assassinations happen WAY to often...."
76561198003437498,Recommended,245470,15575027,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ben Dover,"Excellent Game. It can be difficult to get the budget balanced and get the people to re-elect you, but it is very satisfying to pull a country out of severe debt and be re-elected. I highly recommend."
76561198013321752,Recommended,245470,7432981,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,KMW,Probably the most complex game I've seen.  Fun as hell though.  Worth trying if you think you can run a country better than the people doing it now.
,Recommended,245470,15787339,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,DigitalSoSaltyFrog,Give you insight to how hard it is to run a country if only in a simplistic way...8/10
76561198049060277,Recommended,245470,13979671,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Debshot,assassinated by the church....10/10
,Recommended,245470,13981034,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Dogjawinc,This game is great for a student in political unit fun forterrorists wanting to blow us up. The liberals tried to assassinate me 10 times and finally did. 11/10 -IGN
,Recommended,245470,13982395,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,zap,"It's a very complex system, with many different factors at work, factoring into each other and causing problems or poisitive situations. I've played on regular difficulty (I think it's called 100% ingame) and it turned out to be fairly easy, cranking it up to the max made it impossible for me. Overall it's a well designed game with a functional UI and it definitely held some insights for me. But it's not the sort of game that you just can't stop playing, because after a while you'll have established an acceptable status quo, and I really wish it was possible to skip like a year just to get throught some clicks. My issue is, that once I've achieved this new status quo (eradicated debt and have about 1trillion in reserves, got rid of major problems like inner city riots, racial tension, alcohol abuse, homelessness, etc, and got the gdp up to well ahead of world economy), there is nothing stopping you from just doing nothing and still being crazy popular. The game forces these decisions on you every once in a whilte (post open who to appoint? frackers wanna frack, okay? cut down green belt for housing? etc.) but they are always the same and it gets pretty repetitive after an hour of playing. However a thing that combats this staleness is the fact that there are a ton of mods available in the workshop to address some issues and add new preset countries to play as.Personally I think this is a fun game, just more fun on the side that fun that takes 100% of your attention, and well worth 10$."
,Recommended,245470,14101420,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Christanina,"I had a really fun time running my own country in Democracy 3. Just to say, LIBERALS ARE EVIL, THEY KEEP KILLING ME WHEN I TRY TO MAKE A COMMUNIST PARADISE!!!!!! If you like strategy games, then this is a good game for you. It also has a ton of mods for it including new countries and policys."
76561198109101379,Not Recommended,245470,21614802,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,MasterLesher,Absolutely hate this game. I bought it in 2014 and only have played it 2.9 hours and have tried a million times to get a refund.
,Recommended,245470,21631549,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,⛧Gяʏʏғғ⛧,Very confusing but if you play it like you're running a country it usually goes well. very fun but so much debt
76561198014626519,Not Recommended,245470,21630487,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,acerew2436,This game seems to only allow events to unfold as they already have for a given society. It seems the world of Democracy 3 can not think outside of the (sand)box.
,Recommended,245470,21621922,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,keinGeld,"Assassination, uhm........ I hated rich people."
76561198167860539,Recommended,245470,21621210,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Riden9325,"Made it so no other party can run against me, still lost the election."
76561197997884476,Not Recommended,245470,21577346,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,pony,The game has a nasty habbit of crashing when you advance a turn.
76561198145870022,Recommended,245470,21608480,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Duncant,Got killed twice9/11
76561198061196910,Not Recommended,245470,21757478,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,bill_404,Crashes whenever I try to run it.
76561198041027813,Recommended,245470,21579274,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Icebann,"This is a popularity contest with the focus on long term out comes. The entire game is based on how you move laws around and what your decision making on hot topics with biniary choses, (ban or keep gay marriage for example.)There are policys that you can implement to shape your country, btw there is quite a few not just the good old USA.Over all this is a long term thinking mans/womens game the has you ask hard questions about popularity vs substance.Are you a firm leader or do you flow with the people? What class ($) do you support more? What is more important education or your countrys health given that they are both bad at the moment.The only thing that I didn't like about the game was the sound track. While this is not in any way attached to the game play there is only one track as far as I can tell and it is a short one, so get ready to hear it a few times.PS I got to play this on 2560x1080p. This is the first game that has had that native support which I thought was awesome.Over all if you are asking why our country has such a hard time with everything try playing this game, it might just help you understand.10/10 Would ban religion again, free the♥♥♥♥♥♥ smoke your dope, and may science advance America!"
76561198017127434,Not Recommended,245470,21589666,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,tarklot37,"There aren't decisions, just funding scales.  It's just a budget management simulator, where RL budgets aren't ever balanced."
,Recommended,245470,21586205,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kazannova,"well .. i had a problem with some liberals from the bigginning .. but i was trying to get along with them with giving librals opinions, and what do i get ?Assassination by The Freedom League ?????anyway its a good game and next time ill make wwaaaay more police"
76561198008145356,Recommended,245470,21543422,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skeetr72,Way better than CSPAN.
76561198026157951,Recommended,245470,30715672,Posted: 24 March,all,Subito Rama,It's not everyone's cup of tea but it's acually pretty fun. Make's me sad to say but if you like it I suggest getting DLC because the DLC really add to it.
76561198207359772,Recommended,245470,21753891,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,peter.kates,this is an amazing game with so much to do ! this is an amazing game that is played to be lost and i would definetly recommed this to anyone thinking of buying it!
,Recommended,245470,21695192,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,big kuf,I am Barnie Sandlers and I approve this game
,Recommended,245470,20444090,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Drowne,"I like strategy games and this game is just the coronation of the genre. I always get killed by patriots or religious people, but that's fine, I will probably end up dead like that one day in real live as well."
76561198045607508,Recommended,245470,20450393,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Ouiaboo,ever wanted to drive your home country into the ground without selling your soul to the Bullingdon club?
,Recommended,245470,20585914,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,AThousandD,"<insert description of a random game event>, <insert number from 1-10>/10, <would/would not> play again!"
76561198088477302,Recommended,245470,20609389,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,This be ken,"I love this game so much its so much fun and it teachs me about the effects of policies, but i am having problems launching the game and i have been trying to get help but so far they haven't helped me at all with my problem."
76561198026995051,Recommended,245470,19852522,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Eagle Scream,"A nice game but some issues I do not like about it.The fact that in a country like Canada (one of the options to play) you can get assassinated and there are crazy nuts who want to kill you regularly I find a little unrealistic since in Canada everyone is hibernating half the year due to winter.  On top of this most, in real life in Canada, do not know anything about politics so I find the assassination risk in the game for the nation extremely unrealistic.The game play options are good overall and the workshop stuff is fun (love the Greece country add-on) just the fact that you have to worry about assassination in every country takes away the fun of it sometimes.7/10"
76561198136646665,Recommended,245470,19982865,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Lafayette,"A wonderful gaem indeed, sure it may not have a story or a lot of nations to play as but this game is very addictive. I've bought 5 games this Christmas but the one out of these five games that i've played the most is Democracy 3.Great stuff:You can name the parties to whatevery you want.Download mods from the workshop.Is very realistic to a modern goverment today.All of the DLC make the game better, I reccomend buying the DLC to download most of the mods.Bad Stuff:Cabinet are quite unrealistic as most cabinets need approval of the head of state.When the Global Economy crashes without any causes you can't fix it and it all goes downhill.Some important mods that help the game, make the game crah and the game needs a better API.Rating 7/10. A great game to play with some problems that can be fixed."
76561197960353829,Recommended,245470,20094308,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SmithyD,"Around 30 hours in and I'm still learning new methods to play. Loads of mods available that I haven't even used yet. Excellent game, looking forward to the next DLC / Sequel already.8/10"
76561198142473451,Recommended,245470,20116845,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mashley110,not a nad game but it some times just stops working for me
,Recommended,245470,20218187,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Raven Almasy,I started playing this with very little understanding of politics and while my english is pretty decent it is not that good. Some things make absolutely no sense to me at all but despite that I enjoy this game. Especially escaping death every time. The problem that I do have with this game is that eventually it just gets boring. It's the same constantly and after a couple of hours you're just done and move on to something else. I still recommend it just for those few hours though. ^_^
76561198020268035,Not Recommended,245470,20038214,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,brookes,This game belongs on your cellphone while your wasting time waiting for your plane to board
76561198043229883,Not Recommended,245470,20047105,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,jeremiah.rylee,"To me, the idea of researching what each and every policy actually affects and graphing (or studying the graphs) those interactions isn't so much 'fun' as 'work.'  It is what it seems to be, so if it appeals to you, then maybe you'll like/love it.  Maybe polotical sims just isn't the genre for me. (You can't even go to war, lol. There's no conflicts in the game besides if your popularity drops too low, you'll get assassinated.)It's not a bad game at all, but it gets old real fast.-  low replayability+/-  lots and i mean lots of opportunity to research what each policy doesif you enjoy brute forcing to reveal game mechanics and documenting your efforts, woooo!!!"
,Recommended,245470,20075034,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,♛Tactical♛,"Pretty good game, it's smooth and realistic. The only thing negative thing is, it kind of gets boring after a while."
,Recommended,245470,25862450,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Xenon Hexafluoroplatinate,If you want to make your country great again I would recommend this game. Systematically reduce the number of people that disagree with you by targeting them in specific policies. When threaten declare martial law and restate the death penalty. Then always get assassinated by the angry capitalists that are angry that you have nationalized everything possible. Become as close to a dictator as you can forsaking morals to win elections and trying to destroy other group’s confidence.
,Recommended,245470,27473675,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TimO,Best game to know the reason why being a president or a leader is hard.
76561198170166818,Recommended,245470,27510270,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Maniacal_Beast,Probably one of the best Political Simulation games I've played.  Love fixing or absolutely destroying an economy.
,Recommended,245470,27291670,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[LVG] Caesar,"There are two kind of simulation, the true simulation, like this game, and the false simulation, where all is simple and you win always. But you can't simply win, you must know how to win, expecially if you came from Gaffney, like me. In the south if you don't know how to win, you lose; Peter Russo didn't know how to win, neither Zoe Barnes: they thought they would won and that it isn't hard but it is so; life is difficult and you can either win or be killed.President Frank Underwood about Democracy 3"
76561198061586708,Recommended,245470,27436757,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kalistto9490,"If you want to make the country a better place, Germany works wonderfully.If you want to be assassinated, America is greattttttttttt."
,Recommended,245470,30801727,Posted: 28 March,all,duncvis,Entertaining government simulator with plenty of pet policy suggestions. Hard to get through more than a few years without getting shot. I'd recommend this to anyone with opinions. Possibly a bit pricey at full price but well worth getting on sale.
,Recommended,245470,30792968,Posted: 28 March,all,nickj,Loved this game but I'd like to see the model expanded to include more fringe democracies like Russia and China. It would be awesome to see how they play out. Also it has an undeniable liberal bent - it would be nice to see what it takes to win conservative hearts and minds but that doesn't seem to be posisble in the game.
,Recommended,245470,23662023,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Magitia,"After the church stopped trying to assassinate me my approval rating skyrocketed (floated from 95-100%). Note to self, removing citizenship test turns everyone into a racist and creates ghettos from Vancouver to Québec city... woops XD"
76561198154370768,Recommended,245470,23767929,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mercygrim96,Love this game. I just got it yesterday during the sale and I've already played it for over 10 hours (hint I stayed up til 5 am playing it). It's very addicting for some reason even though it's just pressing buttons and moving bars. There's something about having ultimate power that I love! And the strategy in this game is pretty decent. There are some great mods to give you more policies as well.
,Not Recommended,245470,25892590,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Toibiu,"Would not ever recommend. It is fun for a while but really is unenjoyable after your first play through, but I would recommend if it is on sale"
,Recommended,245470,25893628,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Doctor ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Interesting game.  You pretty much have two possibilities, grow the national debt and get re-elected or produce a constant surplus and lose the election.This is all assuming you make it to the next election without getting assassinated by machine gun nuns or angry, white-shaming, racist, SJW liberals."
76561198007499144,Recommended,245470,25895114,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,willowsden,"Very mixed feelings about this one. Some countries are pathetically easy to manage, others will become bankrupt in a few turns no matter what you do. Plus, once you discover the exact equilibrium that will leave your people satisfied (if not exactly extatic) you will be loath to change anything except to wreck everything you built like a 6 year old with a sand castle. Still, on the whole, simple effective fun that doesn't have a terrible learning curve."
76561198004384209,Recommended,245470,25973659,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,stevesim89,"A: I dream of the USA with legalized marijuana, legalized prostituion, full abortion rights, strong unions/labour laws, strict gun laws,  universal health care, free college, paid family leave, no death penalty, and no private prisons by increasing taxes on the rich, capital gains, inheritance, car ownership, petrol, cigarette, alcohol, introducing a carbon tax and getting rid of the tax deduction loopholes.B: That's madness!A: Madness? This Is Democracy!...3"
76561198185359551,Recommended,245470,25538072,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fried Blueberry,"It might be just me, but I really really enjoy being able to change everything there is to change in a society. The DLC is also really enjoyable, and I would recommend buying that as well if you can."
76561198045448845,Not Recommended,245470,24615137,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GumbyWench,"Boring. No matter what you do, it's inconsequential. Might as well just randomly click for all the good it will do you."
,Recommended,245470,24524379,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rewjer,Love the game Hope there is democracy 4 eventually
76561198074634584,Recommended,245470,24467802,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Aidan,Great versatility; you can take your country in a thousand different directions per game.
76561198022852518,Recommended,245470,24606993,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Papa Satan,I fixed all of America's problems by turning it into a police state before I was murdered by liberals.10/10 would be assassinated again.
76561198061870423,Recommended,245470,24624654,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Ronnie Glyndŵr,"Game is good and though I dissagree with some polices effects, legalising drugs increasing crime for example, it mostly makes sense and is enjoyable to sink a few hours in. My only other problem is that if you leave a policy, to say check on your surplus/deficit it auto locks the change. I think if you click the x in the top right it should auto revert."
,Recommended,245470,24479255,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MattVenom,"To expensive, but good."
,Recommended,245470,25131170,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Return Of Woody,Ive got no idea what im doingI distroyed my political parties within my first turmU had my back bench hate my face.Still got no idea what im doing.
,Recommended,245470,25197083,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Hugh,"Really cool game, but somewhat complex since there is so much on screen at any given time. Highly recommended for casual playing."
76561198126368661,Recommended,245470,24946443,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,I Am Growing Stronger,Played as Australia and removed all Ethinic Minorities14/88 Would Tony Abbot again.
,Not Recommended,245470,24974665,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,LED,"Don't get me wrong, this is a fun game, the only problem is the small ammount of variety and lack of new updtes, for almost £20 this doesn't give you more than 2 hours of play at the most."
76561198111598275,Recommended,245470,27575089,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,acro,it have many strategy in this game. rather then civV policy is more complex.
76561198164889538,Recommended,245470,28171941,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,andrewmulanax,Fun game
76561197969010545,Recommended,245470,21547734,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Osyto,"A good strategic game, very actual, quite simple to handle... More or less realistic or accurate, you can learn a few thing on how governement work. The aim is to manadge your economy and satisfy you're citizens wich are from different political opinion. Many aspect of real governement are include, like election, ministery etc...  To do so, you can use different law or action.(Ex: implentement of Luxury goodies taxes, Eff: +100M$, wealth opinion -10, Global economy -0.5% side effect: Tax evasion)."
76561198048184371,Recommended,245470,28247602,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,hitman3689,"So, in 1 1/2 terms as president of the U.S.A. , I ended poverty AND crime, raised our credit rating while creating a surplus in the budget and cut the debt in half. I also cleaned up the environment and lowered the cost of living (food price, oil price/demand, etc.) BUT!!! halfway through my second term, I was assasinated by a liberal terrorist group. They did not like my saving of the country. 10/10 liberals ruined a good thing. Reccommend that you start getting some security measures set in place after about the eighth or ninth assasination attempt, lol :P"
,Recommended,245470,28176062,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,SadeQ,no doubt. you need this one
76561198144584547,Recommended,245470,28396145,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,ridikhood123,very very hard im not good but maybay you are so give it a try
,Recommended,245470,28387636,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,OHurcum,"This is a good game yes, the in depth policy positions allows the players to run the nations how they see fit and everything is interconnected which means the player must always be engaged with what is happening at all times. However one key drawback is the fact it is only a two party system even in states with competitive third parties in real life, UK for example. Another is some imbalances which can create rather large logical inconsistences. For example in my Liberal Canada playthrough I got to the point where 96% of my population where ethnic minorities – yet my total population had not budged from 33 million.6.7/10"
,Recommended,245470,28410431,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bam-ba-lam,Deeper and with more mechanics than you might think. Easily able to spend hours without realising.
76561198002754684,Recommended,245470,28209951,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Martin Clunes,"Love it, it's blend of simplicity and multiple endings makes it a must have for politicos."
76561198025278184,Recommended,245470,28195334,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Polaris,"Not bad, but Dictatorship 3 would've been a more fitting title. Seriously, you can do anything you want, no difficulty, no backlash, no conversation required (which is the base of democracy imho).So yeah, fun little game, buy it if it's less than 10€."
,Recommended,245470,28362246,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Alphatherius Wolf,"The best gouvernement simulation game that exist. This game has a high level of realism and is very hard, even when you have one of the lowest difficulty you can put... Also, the DLC's get an even higher level of difficulty with the aspect of extremism that forces you to try and give the most advantages to every social class and type of person. Often, I found myself with an extremist religious group and a wealthy extremist group that wanted to remove me from being prime minister... So, yeah, hard to please everyone...Simple point and click controls but many categories and things to take in line of thought so its very hard to really get the game...Nice, simples graphics and pictograms, basic stuff but it does the job and dosen't confuse you to muchA bit repetitive, but if you explore different kinds of line of thought (socialism, capitalism, etc)Would recommand this game to anyone that like games that require a bit more thinking than a FPS. I would also recommand this game to anyone that thinks its easy running a Governement, believe me, its easier to screw everything up, not to do the right thing..."
,Recommended,245470,8997602,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,aps6686,Surprisingly fun and addictive.
76561198006646225,Recommended,245470,28592977,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Deadz,Avoiding being assassinated can be difficult but the mechanics are top notch and is a really enjoyable game.
76561198038077006,Recommended,245470,16956082,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[REDi]1R SGT KUDDLES [D],Played Tony Abbott for a term got killed by Indigenous Australians.10/10
,Recommended,245470,11487019,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Triple[A],First game- KilledSecond game- KilledI just wanted to legalize marijuana geez.....8/10
76561198002450835,Recommended,245470,17124621,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"Very unique game and super addicting for a few play throughs. Challenging and fun to try to balance different demands and to try to appease enough people not to get voted out or murdered by someone. It gets a little too formulaic after a while, but it's a blast and I got more than my money's worth out of it."
76561198067927333,Recommended,245470,17504842,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,dpauls15243,"Somehow while creating hover cars and abandoning the men in my Mars base to die, I accidentally eliminated religion."
76561198037687426,Recommended,245470,29152687,Posted: 9 January,all,monday2203,"Edit: I redownloaded all files, deleted all mod files (the only one active was a ""better icon"" mod) and tuned off randomization.It works a lot better now, but I still think the issues mentioned earlier need to be fixed and polished.- - - - -I played and loved this game a lot back in the day, but now the General Strike and the Doctor's Strike make it unplayable and I don't understand why. When the wages increase, almost instantly everyone goes on strike until literally everyone is unemployed. I don't get it! People go on strike because they want higher wages and in your game people go on strike as soon as they are enjoying higher wages? It seems as plus and minus are set wrong regarding wages, General Strike and Doctor's Strike? Also wages and poor income have strange and too few relations to other things.The ""fun fact"" ist that, when the economy is ready to lift off, I try to unemploy as many state employees as I can to compensate the increasing wages and to keep unemployment up so people don't go on strike. Is this supposed to be this way?"
76561198059843142,Recommended,245470,29195262,Posted: 11 January,all,Cool Pizza,"Fixed the economy, unenployment non-existant, get assasinated by liberals.10/10 realism"
,Recommended,245470,29191860,Posted: 11 January,all,Pang,Hella fun to a communist
76561198134578182,Recommended,245470,28612949,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,titanzrg,An extermely stable game with an active community of modders so content is never bland. Only downside is limited nation selection but that can be overlooked due to countries made by modders gaameply is fun and interesting witrh a learning curve big enough beginners can manage but vetrans are somewhat challenged.
76561198100277660,Recommended,245470,28618972,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,angel.anas,"Great game. Always come back to play after leaving for a few months.There are some cons, but overall it's really great.Wish there was more statistics, laws and policies though."
,Recommended,245470,28379881,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,"Nanomachines, son.",The most fun series of graphs and spreadsheets I've ever seen.
76561198001456742,Not Recommended,245470,18881651,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[OP] Jeff,Kinda boring.Crashes a lot.No taxes and infinitely high debt = Everybody is happy no matter what
76561198249072830,Recommended,245470,18877979,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,something_89,"Recommended but with caveatsThis is a fun game really, if you like these kinds of decision simulators and you don't mind the whole game being text-based, then you'll enjoy this. The many choices you can make have clearly shown consequences, you can easily see how policy affects the various groups in your chosen nation. Often helping one leaves another worse off.But one thing did bother me about this game: it's not different to Democracy 1. I played a demo of that game years ago and I can't really see much of a difference with this game.So it's good, but don't bother if you have another Democracy game. And get it on sale, the normal price is way too much for what should be a budget title."
76561198026935912,Recommended,245470,18883361,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TheDinnnage,"Gave people what they wanted and got assasinated, too realistic I think...10/10"
,Recommended,245470,18890992,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Justice,"I really enjoyed playing this game, it offers a plethora of options and paths, makes you think thoroughly of every turn. The interface seems simple yet displays all the connections in the way they might work in real life.The only downside I've yet encountered is that my game crashed every time I received a Steam achievement. I have 40 achievements to get -- does that mean I'll have to experience at least forty game crashes?"
,Recommended,245470,18896317,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Chad,10/10 got to ♥♥♥♥ up France
76561198020840337,Recommended,245470,18913841,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Jamie Vardy's avin a party,Great game but for some reason it now crashes on menu when I try to start new game. If you can get it to work though it's worth buying. Hopefully the devs will fix this as I've owned the game less than a day now and I can't even play it
76561198141184443,Recommended,245470,18828427,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,CLEGANEBOWLHYPE,Gr8 trickle down economics sim.
76561197969373278,Recommended,245470,18898039,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Beanjaman,"Brilliant game, my favourite its quite educational, I like how the many issues and policy's are broken down and relate to each other. i think that the designers done incredibly well the polictal bias issue that many of the negative reivews mention.I especially like the thought of actually putting real data into this and using it as a forecast, its very interesting.Lots of Fun."
,Recommended,245470,18830787,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mauv,"This game is fun, especially for people who like to be strategic.  After a while, it can get repetitive."
,Recommended,245470,29570465,Posted: 29 January,all,Fred,"A really fun game if you're into politics and understanding how everything influences everything else.However, the game brings very little variation after you've played for 20+ hours. There is also a bit too much of the ""whatever you do, it will end up bad"" feeling, either with random assasinations or disasters.All in all 8/10"
76561198244594966,Recommended,245470,18635393,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,dgklsdjgskdl;gsjd,-Played as the USA.-Increased border control spending to maximum.-Gets assassinated by the Black Power Group in the next few turns every. Single. Time.5 outta 5.
,Recommended,245470,28749512,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Victim of The JewTube Purge,The first game to crash on me because I installed too much mods.
,Recommended,245470,33126878,Posted: 2 July,all,lamest Noir,i made America is great again. 11/10
,Recommended,245470,33275052,Posted: 5 July,all,Ignatius J. Reilly,"I don't know if it's a great game, but it's had an effect on my political beliefs, so I consider it successful in that way. Not so far as to completely change the way I lean politically, but has made it easier perhaps to understand the otherside, because that's one thing this game does well, is make you consider every angle of the problems, and that there are many solutions, though some have bigger downsides than others. Of course, it's just a video game with a limited scope, so despite the reliance on data, not quite an exact replica of our society.I think you have to really be into this kind of stuff to enjoy the game, though I'd imagine that's quite a few people in America these days."
76561198064197493,Recommended,245470,33255400,Posted: 4 July,all,Bit,It becomes a little bit too easy after some time but nevertheless it's a really good game worth buying.
76561197976025464,Recommended,245470,33184130,Posted: 3 July,all,DiscoZergling,Pie Graph: The Game. A great politics simulator.
76561197983472231,Recommended,245470,33202324,Posted: 3 July,all,56kDialup2010,"It was fun in the beginning to rule as a dictator and implement everything I wanted. Good to see interactions between various interest groups and how helping one can anger another, or how people are a mix of many groups. By the end, it was still good, especially as how there are assassinations. I don't think I would particularly love it, but it is pretty good for maybe 10 hours of play. Of course, if you want to cheat, you can run up the national debt to incredible levels (1000%+ GDP) and there will never be any consequences besides the conservatives hating you. Your debt is never called and countries never decide to stop trading with you. In fact, as long as you drop CO2 emissions and increase foreign aid, they'll actually like you."
76561198062840325,Recommended,245470,33230550,Posted: 4 July,all,Casterzy,"A decent simulation game about how to manage a country, wasn't that much complex, and it gives you lesson about basic public management subject . 7/10"
,Recommended,245470,33213043,Posted: 3 July,all,Sonic The Communist,"Very fun and interesting game overall. Although, once you learn the ropes and tricks, it can get overwhelmingly easy. Luckily, there's a lot you can aim to achieve, so as long as you keep your games varied, the easiness shouldn't be too big of a deal."
,Recommended,245470,33390393,Posted: 8 July,all,Entropy,Amazing! I strongly recommend this game. It's as close to real life as you can get without literally becoming President.
76561198065981765,Recommended,245470,33425294,Posted: 10 July,all,robc412,"If your looking for an action game of any kind don't look here, thats not a bad thing its just this isn't that type of game at all. Playing will consist of you making certain decisions about specific policy matters that will affect your nation and your popularity as a leader. Its actually a really fun game if your into stuff like that, seeing what effects legalizing drugs has on your nation for example, or determining what types of social programs should be implamented or not. Its a fun simulation game and if your into that you can get hours upon hours of enjoyment from this title."
76561198061966178,Recommended,245470,33423053,Posted: 9 July,all,Black Man In A Tub Of Doughnuts,THESE FOOLS CAPED A BROTHER. ALL IN A GOOD GAME 8/10  DEAD♥♥♥♥♥B
76561198065214319,Not Recommended,245470,30206661,Posted: 26 February,all,gpunton,"I've played a fair ammount of this game and, whilst I enjoyed it for a long time, I bought the newst DLC electioneering which has broken the game. The glitch that came with the dlc caused the election process to break and it has become impossible to win an election due to activists not being accrued. The glitch has been expirenced my many people with the developerhaving seen it multiple times on forums but not providing a fix. That is why I've given a bad review.Before the game becoming broken I had fun with the game despite it being unrepresentative of the real world in many scenarios and  much of the interface being abit of a mess."
,Recommended,245470,30206905,Posted: 26 February,all,RedDreadnaught,"When I first got this game over a year ago, I played as the U.S. President, and was promptly assinated by capitalists.  Then Trump got elected U.S. President in real life, so I decided to play again as the Prime Minister of Australia.  I survived assassination attempts by religious zealots only to lose the election, even though I increased GDP during a recession, while reducing crime and unemployment.We are all doomed.  10/10"
,Recommended,245470,26547390,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,12 Bottles of Barry's Red Cola,"WE'RE COMING FOR YOU, GLOBALISTS! 1776 WILL COMMENCE AGAIN!Review sponsered byINFOWARS.com"
,Recommended,245470,25682002,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,AtomicBullet,">Be me>English prime minister>Trying to make england great again>i want to raise police funding>don't have enough money>increase alcohol tax a bit>popularity with voters drops from 40% to 20%>even though i made england the most equal country ever>i even got an achievement saying so>whatever>continue on>raising taxes here and there>capitalist plot>what>capitalists hate you by default in england>so they want every single prime minister dead basically>go back to america capitalist pigs>i keep playing>assasination attempt>from who other than the capitalists>ok since they tried to kill me i'll help them out>raise tax for some old people>look at what makes capitalists happy>basically, they only care about money>seriously they want no labor laws and they want to destroy earth>look at what taxes i can raise>litterally any choice i make causes everyone to hate me>and anything good puts me a few more billion in debt>quit>write this review10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥off capitalists in england again"
76561198166995681,Recommended,245470,30258580,Posted: 1 March,all,Walla D0gandcat,"This is a great goverment simulator game. It is full of different parameters and aspects. You can apply a lot of policies and also see the results on the political compass later. There are few bugs and and unrealistic changes which can be fixed with mods from the workshop. In addition to that, the game is detailed yet can be even more detailed and a good example is the many policies that are out there in the workshop.8/10 Make democracy great again!"
76561198140996499,Recommended,245470,30337669,Posted: 5 March,all,Randrazor,how did i♥♥♥♥♥♥off both capitalist and socialists?
,Recommended,245470,30178985,Posted: 25 February,all,Newport,"If you like politics you'll like this. Did bug me though that by simply introducing a half decent welfare state I got the trophy ""Socialists paradise"""
,Recommended,245470,30277762,Posted: 2 March,all,Salemono,I LOVE this game! I have been playing it for months!!!Not to mention it has a nice Moding community and has DLC's that Add to the game.
,Recommended,245470,31080606,Posted: 11 April,all,plosnati,"It's very fun to experiment with various policies and observe the consequences. Though it's pretty basic, this game manages to highlight the necessity of compromises and trade-offs in politics in a way only a game can. Good stuff, would give my students were I a teacher."
,Recommended,245470,30100468,Posted: 22 February,all,WollyChaps,"You'll never have so much fun playing with sliders and getting assassinated. Respect for the realistic depiction of government in terms of budgeting and domestic demographics, but don't try to turn the US into a technocratic commune; you will get a one-day, high-iron diet for your trouble."
76561198052674173,Recommended,245470,12337975,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,SkyeRise,"EDIT: Switched back to positive since it works again with a tweak version outside Steam (sry but had to to play it)This game has blown me away. There is nothing less to say about it. And it isn't even my usual genre to play games in. Not only did I enjoy every moment of gameplay, it inspired me, empowered me, changed my way of looking at the world itself. In the end, I have to concur with Churchill when he said:""Democracy is a very bad form of government, but I ask you to never to forget it, all the others are far worse""Make sure to get the social engineering DLC as well. Didn't find much use for Extremism DLC though."
76561198002866678,Recommended,245470,32246280,Posted: 7 June,all,wilL,"Assassinated 3x befote I realised, If I take I must also give something back =). Good game, I didn't like it at first because the learning curve seemed steep, but it wasn't bad if you simply take it as calculations and don't bother with much of the mumbo jumbo. My 4th game was simply perfect, I wasn't a goverment dog, but everyones man. 1st term I won over 60% votes, 2nd term I won by a landslide and retired with glory against an opponent with 5x my funding. Only regret? unable to pay off the 2 trillion in debt and almost completely banned firearms...GG everyone was yellow or green except trade unionist, awesome..."
,Recommended,245470,12402585,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,LeonardoLeonardo,Legalized all drugs and made France fat.10/10 Would play again.
,Recommended,245470,32227342,Posted: 6 June,all,Mártainn Ó Ruaidhrí,A very neat politics simulator which offers a nice degree of complexity but is also very accessible and offers a lot of fun.There's also a lot of modded content in the workshop.
76561198006901899,Recommended,245470,32240675,Posted: 7 June,all,deadintheattic,"Every Citizen belongs to different Groups of Interest, like Parents, Socialists, Patriots, Religious and so on. So make everyone a Patriot and Atheist ... the Poor and the Rich ... and the only Thing You'll have to bother about is Climate Change later on in the Game while swimming in a Surplus of Cash. Just take Care of enough Influence Points by your Ministers and so on to establish the cheap Politics first, later an change and delete existing ones. Perhaps a Rich one hates You due to Taxes and so on, but he loves You as a Patriot or Parent. But don't get Rid of Religion too fast, You might be assassinated inbetween, before everything works fine, by the last religious Fanatics in Your Country.A nice Game to get a Clue about the Web of Politics and its Possibilites and Influences to all Aspects of Live. Many Politicians should at least try to get a Nation running by playing this Game, before playing around with Reality ;-)"
76561198119436687,Recommended,245470,32243285,Posted: 7 June,all,Suicidal Owl,"Pros:-Very indepth-Pretty UI, very easy to understand-Mods-Fun yet demandingCons:-I can't turn my country into a downright dictatorship...""But the game is called DEMOCRACY 3!!!""Turkey is technically a democracy and look what Erdogan is doing!"
,Recommended,245470,32159822,Posted: 3 June,all,Mr. Wolf,This game is really intriguing for that one person who has a serious intrest in politics. With the way that America is right now and the way Australia is. It realy is just that bare minimum of pleasure you need to see how and what YOU would've turned the country into when idiots in office did the wrong thing
,Recommended,245470,32303037,Posted: 9 June,all,jlake_fourth,"This is a really enjoyable government simulator! Issues are pretty complex, and solutions can be as well. It accomodates many policies and is a fun political sandbox."
,Not Recommended,245470,32275877,Posted: 8 June,all,BHCMember,"It's difficult to justify paying the full price for this. To its credit, as impenetrable as the game may seem at first, the interface does an excellent job at clearly showing the effects each minute change of policy has. However, once you get to grips with it, the game becomes uninvolving and easy; being possible to win landslide victories at elections without making a single policy change once the machine gets ticking.Within the main game and DLC, the replay value feels quite low and differences between starting countries become trivial after the first election. Late game feels a bit of a chore for three reasons; firstly, the game can practically run itself once you find a good combination of policies - obtaining 0% crime, 0% unemployment, maximum GDP and the best health service and education in the world is not particularly difficult. Secondly, there are a few maluses in the game which are tied mostly to the constant of time, leading to near-unpreventable water, food and rare metal shortages. Finally, events have a humourous habit of repeating themselves; in my 16 year stint as leader, I managed to legalise euthanasia and ban whaling three separate times.From what I've noticed, there are a number of mods which do fix a lot of the minor gripes noted above and fair enough to the developer for making the game mod-friendly. I did enjoy the first 6-7 hours and would recommend if the price was more reasonable or the game was on sale, but for £18 - £35 (for DLC), the game doesn't have enough depth or substance to justify it."
76561198263141599,Recommended,245470,32278859,Posted: 8 June,all,OwenGrylls,I 100% recommend this game.  You get to live life as if you're president.
76561198199694117,Not Recommended,245470,32273324,Posted: 8 June,all,kohokami,"The game isn't bad, but I can't think of anything outstanding about this game either. The game has a lot of complex mechanisms, but at the same time, I've felt as though the gameplay was fairly simple. There's a lot of things to look at and explore, but you never really interact with them. The majority of the time I was moving sliders around and implementing policies.The tutorial isn't very helpfiul or clear either. You learn mostly by fumbling around with the buttons, but once you figure it out, the gameply isn't too bad. However, I can see a lot of people becoming overwhelmed with the game if they are first introduced to the game.I feel as though this game lacks depth. You're more of a spectator and don't feel completely ""impersed"" in the game. While it was fun to mess around here and there, I don't think it's worth the full price. Better to by it at a discounted price."
76561197978970739,Recommended,245470,32273196,Posted: 8 June,all,MISG,"6/10 just above averageThis game has it's moments although it can be very frustrating in what is is lacking.First the game is good at what it does.  It gives a good amount of changing statistics and moving demographics that can feel hard to manage at a time.  The ability to model your population based on your decistions over time is nice as well.  If you want the thrill and frustation of running a government this is a quick little game that gives you some enjoyable moments.  Such as turning a country into a ted Cruz fantasy land or a hedonists paradise.Where I find the game most lacking is in two very important areas.  First population growth is none exsistant.  As such your economy is stagant.  You can't actually grow your way out of debt.  Also you have no inflation.  Which is a major major part of a country's economic issues arise from this alone.  Diving a bit deeper having no ability to negoiate debt or be able to set any dort of terms is very annoying.  When you get hit with an interest spike literally tripling your debt servicing cost over night.One last thing I did find annoying is some negative issues have no way of being dealt with.  I had a super strong economy one game and even though I had very bus,rail, and public transportation in place and huge prices on CO2 and cars.  I couldn't get rid of an athasma problem.  it's these types of issues that make it very annoying while you play.Lastly the finish issue is the game is very shallow.  Unless you play on playing with all sorts of limiations such as term limits after a capalitist an enviromentalist and a religuous play through.  You will have seen all the game and with nothing else to do.But if you want to try your hand at running a nation it does do a pretty good job.  I  would recommend getting it on sale as it's a dissapoiting at full price."
76561198081769388,Recommended,245470,32287541,Posted: 9 June,all,Vordasi,"in 4 years GDP raised by 75%, healthcare on top, educaton in top, almost zero unemployment, zero crime and zero homlesnes, also the state dept is gone.voting comes and i got 4% of the whole wotes... yeah i guess i didnt earned their trust who am i to judge?if someone knows what am i doing wrong please tell me (i once played with USA i got activist and stuff and i actualy enjosed the game, but in a hundred other games i got zero backup from the people.. I mean cmon Trump has supporters..)Recommend thhis game becouse it is fun and interesting solid 5/7"
,Recommended,245470,19883522,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,PlanetEvolve,"This is an amazing game. A superb political simulator, but also a very fun and interesting game."
,Recommended,245470,32397515,Posted: 13 June,all,[HG] ExposedGun316,"So...I legalised Aboration and Euthanasia as I was aiming for the Liberal vote. After I legalised these two laws, a group of radical nuns decided to assassinate me... best laugh I've had in a while.10/10 would get assassinated by nuns again."
,Not Recommended,245470,32439769,Posted: 15 June,all,Primary,Too biased. It is based on model that are not predictive in the real world. A few simple meta analyses in GSS disprove this games assertions.
76561198062339623,Recommended,245470,32313746,Posted: 10 June,all,Gullyrob,This game is awsome. Name anything politics have to deal with and its in there. Playing this game for 4 hours already makes me think i do it better then our parlament.
76561198253349868,Not Recommended,245470,32305882,Posted: 9 June,all,Silver-Tongue,"Oddly addictive.I've only put about 5 hours into the game now and I'm a bit torn as I find half of it quite tedious, quarter of it a little fustrating, an 8th of it rather pointless and another 8th of it pushing me on to make things happen.I'm beginng to see the end of the playablitly as it is starting to get quite repetative and with so much prompting of political issues, resolving them is quite simple. I guess the ethusiasm drains as soon as an issue is resolved another appears with a different label but the same methods to resolve.Great for killing a few hours but cannot see much point in a long term investmet.I prefer a good lifetime of hitting a game for at least 100 hrs plus so this is going to be a thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,245470,32304357,Posted: 9 June,all,realboy advance,I thought it would be easier
76561198045324863,Not Recommended,245470,32357539,Posted: 11 June,all,StayPuff,"I didn't enjoy the experience. Every step I took forward, three steps back. The entire time I felt like it was a painful grind. Some may enjoy that experience but personally I would rather enjoy the time I spend playing games. I see the how some could come to love the struggle of this game, but I don't want to invest the time and effort.I wish steam had a neutral vote for games, becasue this game does what is intended very well. Visually its nice, the interface is fairly simple and easy to understand, and it is a well made game. It just wasn't for me.5/10Hop on youtube, check out a let's play or first impression, see if it's for you."
,Recommended,245470,27209695,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lune Crackham,"It took me long enough but now no one dares to to joke about Turkey, the country by the way.UPDATE: I recently got 100% Votes in game. This game proves I am a good politician. That's a good thing I hope.Buy at your own risk."
76561198132250764,Not Recommended,245470,22981877,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,1 + 1 = 92,HUGE left wing bias
,Recommended,245470,32657214,Posted: 22 June,all,Mbell82,"I bought this the last time it was on sale.  And, I do not have the expansions.  That said, this is a good game.   Intellectually challenging.  It forces you to consider how actions impact different groups.  If I set the difficulty low enough, I can succeed at this game.  I still struggle at the normal difficulty levels.  All of that said:PRO:Intricate relationships between actions and results.Relatively accurate responses from the various interest groups.No unnecessary graphics and displays.CON:If your mouse is on one of the icons, it wipes out everything except what relates to that icon.  As a result, you cannot let your mouse rest on anything.  Makes it quite difficult to just observe and think--something this game requires a lot of.This is a game you would enjoy if:1.  You are looking for a strategy game that does not involve killing everyone and everything.2.  You enjoy working through complex puzzles that have changing outcomes.3.  You just want to see how long you could run a government before being assassinated or voted out of office."
,Recommended,245470,32694808,Posted: 23 June,all,MrBomb,Lots of fun even without the DLC.
,Recommended,245470,32657285,Posted: 22 June,all,XxAM_Razorwindx_420xX,Got assassinated after being Prime Minister for 2 hours by radical conservatives. Quality game.
,Recommended,245470,32670347,Posted: 23 June,all,heracLAI,Fun but too short.
,Recommended,245470,32762905,Posted: 25 June,all,TreasuRe,"Great game! It put all your neurons to use, and you can understand a little how hard is to run a country and to please everyone!! Very dynamic and sometimes makes you want to kill everybody in your command, but it's an amazing game!!"
,Recommended,245470,32791962,Posted: 25 June,all,supergamingman22,this was my story!plays gamethinks they will loosepresses anythingwins landslide victoryrepeat
,Recommended,245470,32698481,Posted: 23 June,all,Your God Emperor Hitohito,"Great realistic game if you ever wanted a real political simulator. Got assasinated by extremist religious groups during my first time as Canadian PM, then I ended up winning reelection as president of the United States by over 200 million votes. So many possibilities!"
,Recommended,245470,32731127,Posted: 24 June,all,The Jolly Joker,great game that everyone must play
76561198102441387,Recommended,245470,32813077,Posted: 26 June,all,/-,The new patches are challenging in a good way
,Recommended,245470,13601065,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Maticb,I have no idea what I'm doing.10/10
76561198318652937,Recommended,245470,32914400,Posted: 27 June,all,Wazard,"Great game, had a railway workers strikes because i was dcreasing their funding, but didn't have the budget to raise it. So I got rid of the train subsidese all together, fixed my budget, and stopped the strike. 10/10 would ditch my personal beliefes again."
76561198044805798,Recommended,245470,32901484,Posted: 27 June,all,friedchicken41,Pretty good
76561198119145484,Recommended,245470,32910729,Posted: 27 June,all,mbbati,"Try to be good leader,get killTry to make everyone happy,get killAct like an tyrant,survive whole term"
,Recommended,245470,33022451,Posted: 29 June,all,MightyBeast43,"Simple but fun. The game isn't super in depth, but that's not too big of an issue. I've had a lot of fun playing this game and I definitely recommend it."
76561198020681639,Recommended,245470,33174372,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr_Ming,"Interesting concept for a game, a real challenge."
,Recommended,245470,33157426,Posted: 2 July,all,andrewaltogether,"Really fun to make my socialist vision a reality, and to also be able to make a capitalist utopia. It treats the US system like a parliament, though, and so all the countries end up feeling identical. You also can't create your own country without editing game files."
,Recommended,245470,33158575,Posted: 2 July,all,StepLikeDub,Great game
,Recommended,245470,33160005,Posted: 2 July,all,Affa Cadabra,"This game was pretty easy to completely dominate, I couldn't get it to end!"
,Recommended,245470,33144515,Posted: 2 July,all,MapAddict,"A very fun and addicting political simulation. You can either f*** your country, or make it a heaven for whoever you want. It may look boring, but don't let that fool you.In general it is a fun game with minor problems. Some of the problems are that, the effects on policies are sometimes very unrealistic. For an example: Raising the Income Tax by 5% can make major differences in the general popularity between 40% and 45%. The other problem is that Assassinations are way too common in this game. (I recommend to turn them of in the settings.)All of the DLC:s are worth it if you are planning to play this game for many sittings. (It's best to buy the full pack via sale.)But anyway it's a nice game and I recommend it to any gamer who is interested in Politics and these types of Games."
,Recommended,245470,33660702,Posted: 19 July,all,qwerty12345,"After I have played this game, I can testify that my alligiance IS to the republic, it IS to democracy."
76561198073819272,Recommended,245470,33705203,Posted: 21 July,all,Zeke 109,"This is what happened to meWelcome to 'Murica' where everone is employed by the goverment to be a farmer, everyone is a retired patriot, everyone is a minority, and no one drives7/10 Not much replayabillty but fun"
,Recommended,245470,33668430,Posted: 20 July,all,Poppingmad,I love politics in soooo.........This is like my dream game
76561198125642809,Recommended,245470,33007814,Posted: 29 June,all,Skumpi,This game is a good game for a couple of hours. After playing a couple of hours I feel like it is lacking some things to do.7/10 game for the price
,Recommended,245470,34184607,Posted: 11 August,all,Ace Bentura,"Destroy, save or get shot. You're the President!"
76561198409944879,Recommended,245470,34156417,Posted: 10 August,all,Tyrone The Legend,"Although far from a simulation, this game is great in as far as strategy and playability goes, and the Extremism Dlc definitely adds a comedic element that I would not otherwise expect from a game about politics.  I would definitely recommend it, if only for the laughs."
76561198327639214,Recommended,245470,34261219,Posted: 15 August,all,NicholasMckelty,I enjoy this game a fair bit though... it needs a few more options when it comes genociding people who look or act different.
,Recommended,245470,34541530,Posted: 27 August,all,rock0head132,I love Democracy 3 it is fun and not too complacated It could have more parlamen/congress invalvement but it is complax yet sinple to play. If you want more complexity the get the expantions packs or the stamd alone D3 Africa.
,Recommended,245470,34586633,Posted: 29 August,all,mertkuyumcu,"It was my first time to play Democracy series... Democracy 3 took 5 hours to finish. It was full fun and not too complicated. It could have more parlament/congress involvement but it is complex yet simple to play. If you want more complexity, you need to get the expantion packs. Well, I really like it."
,Not Recommended,245470,30659245,Posted: 21 March,all,El Spunko,Mildly amussing at its best but most the time its just plain boring.
,Recommended,245470,20292605,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sneaky Squirrel,"Overall ranking 9/10Pros:Simple, easy to use GUI. Everything is in a logical place and easy to find, and it is incredibly effective.Hours of fun gameplayAnyone not sure on where they stand politically can discover where they stand on the political spectrumCons:Base Game feels lacking after DLC are purchased (however it is still perfectly viable to play the base game)It can be effectively played without much thought"
,Recommended,245470,33493415,Posted: 12 July,all,Koala,just be communist ez win
,Recommended,245470,35146315,Posted: 23 September,all,JohnnyUtahSurfs,"Implemented a police state, get the crime free utopia achievement. I like it."
,Recommended,245470,13209981,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,anthimatter,Much better now with all the DLC to make it a more realistic simulation. Much harder to win than it used to be thankfully.
76561198131510155,Recommended,245470,30044154,Posted: 19 February,all,Marcus_Razzi,"Democracy 3+ PROSVery realistic - I don´t have an idea, what I was doing - like democracy in real lifePrice is big plus - plus for developers of the game, not for youIt is not a ""time-eater"" - after a few minutes of playing, you rather turn off your PC (or MAC if you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...)- CONSDemocracy 3Would I recomend this game? Hell yeah - for future dictators. This is the best tutorial for totalitarian regime and chaos. Only after 60minutes of playing I felt like a real head of state - everyone was trying to overthrow my reign.--------------------------------------------------------------------+ KLADY :Velice realistické - nemám ponětí co jsem dělal, jako demokracie ve skutečnostiCena je velké plus - hlavně pro vývojářeNení to žrout času - po chvíli hraní, si raději počítač vypnete- ZÁPORYDemocracy 3Sečteno a podtrženo - hru velice doporučuji budoucím diktátorům. Skvělý tutoriál na totalitní vládu a chaos. Po 60 minutách hraní jsem se cítil jak pravá hlava státu - všichni mě chtěli svrhnout.Rozhodně nedoporučuji hráčům ve střední Evropě - pojem Democracie tu nikdo stejně nezná..."
76561198003014071,Recommended,245470,35119090,Posted: 21 September,all,Phoenix,"This game is great, for about 15 hours. It is definitely easy to solve how the game works. Without giving away how so as to not ruin it, I was able to completely eliminate the 3 trillion dollar US debt in 2 terms while simultaneously creating all sorts of new social policies and systems that cost massive sums. This SHOULD be impossible. In this game though, totally possible. Still, its worth the small investment for the amusement."
,Not Recommended,245470,35487705,Posted: 4 October,all,Sovtek,"Uhh - Icon clicker 3. The clickening.The entire game consists of clicking icons, then clicking next.You then ruminate on how some numbers changed in a complex web - then click another icon.The entire game is 'learning' how the game thinks things are related politically.That, is a terrible game. Ouch."
