user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,245620,32120199,Posted: 1 June,all,SomeGuyWhoHasAnUnoriginalName,"People say Tropico 4 is better, and while I agree to an extent, Tropico 5 was a better sequel to 4 than 4 was a sequel to 3. If you played and love Tropico 4, you'll probably enjoy Tropcio 5 IF you don't go in expecting that its Tropico 4 but with more features and stuff. Tropico 5 is a different game, and knows its a different game, forcing the player to approach things from a different perspective. You have some concern with researching things and moving onto the next era, building a sense of progression, and causing old tactics to create less profit, but allowing for new tactics to reek in even more cash. It should be noted that there could be more content building wise, but if you buy the game with all the DLC in a sale it would kind of remedy that. As far as the content in the game itself, it works, but there isn't really anything too interesting except for maybe a few exceptions, but the DLC adds some fun stuff like the Ministry of Truth, which is actually a fairly intersting building to use, and the water pack adds some interesting stuff. By themselves however, the DLC isn't really worth it except for like two of them, so I would recommend getting the bundle on a sale. Online with a friend can also be fun, though it does crash sometimes. The concept of racing to resources and being a thorn in your friend's side is fun.tl;dr: It's not the same as Tropico 4, but it isn't trying to be and benefits from that. It's differences give it an identity, but you might be better buying the game with the dlc bundled on a sale if you need more content. Either way, it's a decent game. Online is decent with friends."
,Not Recommended,245620,15007081,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,RoosterCantrell,"I liked Tropico 3, bought Tropico 4 and LOVE it.   I didn't think Kalypso/Haemimont could screw Tropico 5 up.  They did.  The game has far less content than Tropico 4 did on release day.  This is so you can buy content later as DLC!The economy controls are dumbed down.    Rent, wages, and all other economic factors are frustratingly simplified and broad.Shipping was a bit of an annoyance in Tropico 4,  goods could stack at docks faster than it could be shipped.   In Tropico 5, that has been remedied (sort of) but the new way of shipping goods is an annoying, island clogging, minutiae-filled chore that makes me long for T4's flawed but ultimately less annoying shipping system.T4's troops worked automatically and you had no control over them.  In T5, you do have control.  A good thing, right?  Wrong.  The troops controls are clunky and unresponsive.  Another chore, not fun.Rebels in Tropico 4 would appear if you were doing things wrong or didn't have enough jobs.   There was a reason (and cure) to having rebels on your island.  In Tropico 5,  you have rebels for no reason.  Your island could be a perfect paradise, but huge rebel attacks will still occur.  The Developers have admitted the rebels are arbitrary and for no reason other than some lame excuse about it being an upstart island with political turmoil; it just (and does, often) happens.In Tropico 4, you could be a benevolent ruler, or a brutal Tyrant, which is what Tropico was all about.   In Tropico 5, you are an impotent and weak  governor that can only survive by doing your best in hopes of  pleasing the fickle masses to desperately stay in power.Then there is DLC.  Tropico 4, when it came out, was quickly buried in DLC. BUT!  The first several DLC were handy, useful DLC.  The DLC had VERY useful buildings, cool decorator pieces, a mission, and outfit.   Over time though, the Tropico 4 DLC became cheap, useless cash grabs.   This crappy DLC content continued on into Tropico 5.  All the DLC in Tropico 5 is pointless and adds nothing interesting.  Not only that, but a few skilled gamers actually found large chunks and entirely complete, usuable DLC in the RELEASE DAY game files.  Which the Devs tried to patch out and B.S. away.In Hindsight, you could offer me Tropico 5 for free, and i'd decline the offer.  Tropico 4 is superior in nearly every way.  With Tropico 4 being available on Steam, there is absolutely no point, reason, or need to buy Tropico 5.This really, for me, is a bummer.  This isn't some game I saw, tried, and didn't like.  I LOVE Tropico 4.  I WANTED to see this game succeed.   Kalypso/Haemimont are the little guys in the gaming industry.  But when they got greedy and released a content-weak game and put that content (that isn't that great to begin with) in DLC, they sold their integrity to nickel-and-dime their customers.I was dissapointed when  Kalypso started rushing out several shoddy DLC at the end of Tropico 4's run.  Now, with Tropico 5,  Kalypso/Haemimont are no longer on my radar, I don't care about their games.That's okay.  I still have Tropico 4.EDIT:  Some people have posted below with some very good arguments about where my review may be wrong.  I still feel my review stands, but if you are truly looking into whether you should spend your money on this game or not, it wouldn't hurt in reading the comments below for some very valid responses that may change your mind."
,Not Recommended,245620,14078342,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Fanjawi,"Okay. This is coming from a big, big Tropico fan. I played Tropico 3, 4 and 5. Let's get into this review.I was very excited about the game before release. Ever since Tropico 4 came out, I've been waiting and waiting for news about the newer one. But sadly, this game disappointed me. First, let me talk about the things I liked.The textures and graphics are amazing. They have been improved alot. I played the old versions on my Xbox 360, and right when I changed to PC and tried this one out, I noticed the differences. The buildings look very nice, and when you zoom in, full in, you see all the details. The interiors of a shack, the faces on the people and sometimes just the trees. The developers went all out on this game and I say that the graphics are a plus.The new online mode is awesome. You can play against three other people in an island, and race to finish quests or even try to invade the other person.But those are really the only things I liked about this game.In Tropico 5, you play alot of missions in the same island. You're basically switching islands and going back to them. I didn't like this move. Alot of times you feel like you're handed the island to you again. I know how this would have worked, but I don't really like it. In the old versions, every single mission is another challenge to you. You go on a different, all new island and building it out of nothing. Alot of times this game just feels repetitive.I feel like the direction Kalypso is moving is not helping the game. The game relies on DLC after DLC to try to keep it fresh again. A game shouldn't fully rely on expansions to make it better. Those DLC's could instead be implemented to the actual game and when you play the old game and the new one, you feel like it's a big step.There have already been four DLC's out that could have instead been in the original game, that would have made it better. I still don't know how there's no offline multiplayer yet. It would be awesome to have people controlling different part of the island.And also, the soundtrack. I loved the older soundtracks, but when you compare Tropico 5's to the older ones, it's just not as good.Tropico 3 and 4 both amazed me. I loved both of those games instantly. I expected the same to happen with Tropico 5, but sadly that was not the case. It feels like this whole series just relies on DLC's to make the game fresh again. I can't see many people buying DLC after DLC after DLC. It's just, not how it should go. I feel like Tropico can be one of the biggest strategy/city-building games out there if it just fills in all the gaps. After just a few hours of playing this game, I was already disappointed. I felt at times I was forcing myself to continue, and that it felt like a chore to keep playing.If you've never played a Tropico game before, or you're just new at city-building games, I recommend you try this out. But if you are a hardcore gamer, or a just experienced at Tropico, chances are you won't like this game - at least not as much as the older ones.And for this, I give the game a 5/10."
76561197970259494,Not Recommended,245620,10222576,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,gringoiv,"STOP.  If you already own Tropico 4 you probably don't need this game and it will likely frustrate you.  I'm writing this review in the days after release so my gameplay time of Tropico 5 has admitedly been limited.  That said, I've played the Tropico series since the original back in the early 2000's.  I get that changes need to be made to keep the game relevant, but in my opinion Tropico 5 changed largely in the wrong direction.  However, if you're new to the series, you'll enjoy this game for what it has to offer.  Here's my initial breakdown.Pros:Beautifully redesigned buildings, everything just seems to fit together nicely when you're trying to cram a lot of buildings into one space.The dynasty member function seems like a possible plus (haven't really fleshed that out yet).I like the concept of having manager's in buildings, but it's not clear how they contribute to the overall expense of the building.I like some of the new edicts like charging for healthcare!  Finally those lazy peasants will pay or die.The addition of tanks adds a layer of badassery and battling rebels/other nations is more engaging.Cons:Can't set the exact wage for a worker anymore (it's done in an overarching budget system, so you set a budget for a building which somehow encompasses a salary for the worker and operating costs for the building).  You want to pay your farmers more than your doctors?  Sorry, can't do that...You also can't set the exact amount for rent anymore.The above two issues make it hard to become an uber-capitalist dictator.  I know it sounds ridiculous but they've dumbed down the economic system so much it's actually complicated.Customizing your character is gone.  I don't care so much about what they look like, but who thought an astronaut suit should be 1 of the 5 outfits you get to choose?  I'm more upset you can't select negative and positive traits to create a more in depth character.  I always liked choosing flatulence even though the palace guards got double pay...Am I missing the plants and shrubbery somwhere?  You basically have a large park and a small park, that's it.  No single palm trees to meticulously line your roadways...  Statues meant to glorify El Presidente's and intimidate your opponents are non-existent.You have to pay to explore your island now which seems pointless.Options like ""paper plates"" and ""cloth napkins"" that used to affect the quality of a restaurant are no longer options.  You adjust the budget of the building now to change service, but that raises the worker's wages.  What if I want to increase quality without raising wages...El Presidente is pretty much useless.  He can't help rush construction or join in fighting the rebels like in previous games.  No option to sway election with speeches either.Building progression through research/time feels poorly developed and arbitrary.  You earn research points through libraries and observatories which give you tech upgrades for different buildings.  Unfortunately, you can only build tenaments and country houses at the beginning so if you want to upgrade your citizens to apartments to improve housing quaility you have to wait until the Cold War era (and then destroy all your previous housing and try to make the apartments fit into your city layout).  I wasn't a fan of Tropico 4's purchasing blueprints, but I think it works better than this option.You can no longer see who is actually visiting a restaurant, pub, doctor's office, etc.  You're just given a ""number of visitors"".Searching in the almanac is painful.  All I want to do is find the least happy person and execute them, but you can't search by that.  You can find the person with the lowest approval rating, but they're not necessarily the most unhappy.I know this is knit-picking, but I liked when you purchased a building upgrade in previous Tropico's, the physical improvement would appear (i.e. skylights in the cigar factory).  There's no visual changes on the buildings when upgrading now.You can't toggle a dock to accept ""tourists only"" so I keep having my teamsters dropping export resources at the dock in my tourist area.  I don't want stinking peasants mixing with the upper echelons of society.Only a handful of island maps to play.One of the biggest negatives for me is the overall lack of buildings (where's the gourmet restaurant??? or El Presidente's childhood museum?).  I assume this is so we can be sold the inevitable expansion packs.Suggestions:The ability to choose the placement of our palace and dock at the outset of a sandbox game would be nice.Consider reverting back to SOME, not all, of the core game designs from previous versions.  My big ones would be charging specific amount of rent and setting worker's wages (please change this back).True roundabouts would be great for improving traffic flow.Even with all the above, I'll still play it because I absolutely love Tropico, but just a lackluster delivery compared to past game versions.  Overall rating from me would be a 6 out of 10."
76561198006802457,Not Recommended,245620,12620923,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Princess Inkbutt,"Yep, it's another Tropico game...There really isn't much more to say other than that.  It just feels lazy.  All your old favourite buildings return,  very few new ones.  DLC is silly expensive, customization is meh.  Save your money and go play one of the other tropicos.  Either 1,  or if you like roads,  3.To elaborate.Building Variety - Tropico has never been big on this, but it's 2014.  Would it kill to have 2 models for a Bunhouse/house/etc?Eras - These are esentially mini-goals.  If you fail to achieve them within the time limit,  you lose.  That's about it.  All they do is lock buildings from you,  making it harder to layout a good city -from the start-Ships -  You get to own ships,  that sounds cool, and I really thought it was going to be like Tropico 2 managing pirate fleets.  But it's not.  You couldn't have any less interaction with them, No naming,  no colouring, and with each era, the ship just poofs into the next eras ship and keeps doing what it does.    Huge let down.Mines - Ugly eyesores that just look silly when you upgrade them.   A mini Bagger 288 just sits there, and it's grosly undersized.Tanks - Yep, I'm gonna say this too.  The introduction of Tropico tanks.   They are T-34.  That's it. Every nation be it america,  soviets,  modern armour,, oh and of course Tropico,  all use the same model T-34.Bring Back TNT radio - I mean the Tropico 3 one, (but 4 is even better than this schlock).Some of these sound nitpicky,  but this is why the game just feels lazy.  Would it of killed them to make a few differnt tank models?  Woud it of been that much of an effort to make another bunk house?Sure, these are just visuals,  but this game is very difficult to mod.  And there are virtually no new gameplay from say Tropico 3,  or 4.      So if the game play is the same, then the visuals better be amazing......but they aren't.  Hence  a lazy, forgetable, ""next tropico game""."
,Not Recommended,245620,13759448,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Barnaby Jones,"I'm a pretty big fan of games of this kind. I grew up playing the different versions of Sim City.I'm also a big fan of Tropico 3 and 4, and bought this game on sale. Even on sale, I can't really recommend it and here's why:They haven't fixed the most important problem.If you've played Tropico extensively, like I have, you've run into the problem with road congestion. It has not been fixed. You must plan out very meticulously your road network from the VERY beginning of the game. Each subsequent story mission builds upon the progress you've made in previous missions. You use the same Island and city as before (there's 2 different islands, and thus two different cities). If you're not very careful, you'll end up like I did, 6 or 7 missions in without the means to really go in and rework everything, and it's not until that far in that the problem becomes very large and difficult to solve.If you have a diverse economy, which is actually very easy to achieve in Tropico 5, it's not difficult to make quite a lot of money that can be invested into infrastructure, but the problem for me doesn't lie in having to rework infrastructure, it's that I'm working to circumvent poor coding (the road system I mentioned earlier) that has been in every Tropico game I've ever played.Road management is a part of the game, I'm fully aware, but there is no management options. Tropicans will take the shortest route available. There are no one way street, or high volume highway like options. I can't do anything but build a singular type of road which nearly every building needs to be attached to. The only way to be completely efficient is to have EXTREMELY ugly circle roads that never connect to each other except by adjacent garages. Someone actually developed a circumvention system for Tropico 3 (which has persisted into 4 and 5 out of necessity). If you google ""road congestion tropico"", I'm sure you can find more information (if interested).This Tropico is a little bit more challenging than the last ones in terms of Rebels and their threats. They attack much more often, and your army cannot be controlled beyond telling them which buildings you value the most. Rebels will attack from multiple points and your army sallies out of wherever you built your buildings. Since all you have is men on foot and eventually very slow tanks, the rebels will usually destroy several buildings before your army can even respond.Rebels are also able to target your army squads while you are unable to control and choose targets for your own. What this means is that your army will be running to defend a certain building, and the rebels will follow along and continually fire at them while your army DOES NOT RETURN FIRE, and simply dies. It's EXTREMELY frustrating.There's also a huge problem that persists with housing.As you might remember, people get old and retire and their income falls. There are children, unemployed and students as well. In Tropico 5, Houses now have budgets like employment buildings do. It is essentially the rent charge.NO MATTER WHAT JOB PEOPLE HAVE, most of them will not live in a house because it is too expensive. Even if you've maximized the budget (and thus their pay) at their place of employment. You must lower the rent to a single point (out of a maximum of 5) in order to allow people to live there. YOU MUST turn on social security. Otherwise you will CONSTANTLY be attacked by rebels. YOU MUST do this for every housing building.People will also not live in a building that is too far from where they work. Couples make a decision based upon both their work locations. If not satisfied with how close they live to work, they toss up a shack!It is not uncommon to see shacks right beside housing units that are completely empty.For some ungodly reason, Tenements lose housing value over time. There is no option to remedy this. This only way to circumvent is to completely destroy the building and replace it. It would have taken a few lines of code to add a renovate option, but no, they didn't do that. I wouldn't be surprised if it was in a DLC.The graphics are improved, a lot of the mechanics of the game have been streamlined, but not fixed. There are improvements here, although the dynasty system is tacked on, stupid, and useless.It feels like it's still Tropico. I don't know what it is that provides that feeling, the enjoyment of the game, and the music (I've always really enjoyed it) or the same bloody bugs that have persisted forever without attention."
,Not Recommended,245620,13046028,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jimmy NoShoes,"Unfortunately I just can't recommend this game as much as I would have loved to.When I first played it, it was a nice refresh and continuation of Tropico 4. As I played it more, I found more and more problems with the game. The fighting, the buildings, the overlays (pre building placement and post placement), rebels, population cap, to name a few. I'll summarise these quickly:The fighting: Essentially, its build a huge military or be wiped out. Once rebels appear, if they break through your military (which they will as they are OP most of the time), they head straight to the palace and game over. Your military doesn't respawn, you cannot rebuild military buildings either. Even if your barracks refill with 8 troopers, they won't go and fight the rebels attacking the palace. Totally ridiculous and to me, its a game breaker.The buildings: Only apartments have 'variations' and even then they look pretty much the same. Throughout the eras, the building all look the same, modern housing in colonial periods. Really? There needs to be much more variation in models. As it stands now, its bland. There are buildings missing too that should really be in there. Since when did a police station act as a fire station? Seems lazy. Modern tanks appearing in the cold war era too.Overlays: When you place buildings that say 'Affects nearby plantations' or 'Generates funds off nearby housing', there is nothing to say how far this radius is. You have no idea what it will affect until its placed and built. These buildings often cost alot to make and many times where you place can be a total waste of resources. For a modern 2014 game, this is not acceptable to me. Kalypso merely say its meant to be this way and is fine, and then point about overlays in the Almanac which are irrelivent to the point raised to them. There is nothing to say what the radius is of any building. This is a poor effort.Rebels - too common, too OP. Doesn't give the feeling of a dictatorship game at all. Even on high happiness (some people have rebel attacks at 100 happiness). There are no real reasons for rebels alot of the time, and to many, its unknown why they are attacking since everyone is happy. The only real way to counter rebels is to have a huge military, which generates more rebels in itself. Lose lose situation ultimately.2000 people population cap. You have often use 1/4 of the island and reach this pop cap. Very poor. Dev excuses for this are poor and obsurd. As of patch 1.08 a population slider has finally been implemented. Only took them 9 months.Last point i'll make is the DLC for this. £3 for most DLC, gives 1 building,  an outfit you never see, 1 short mission and a music track. Most of the DLC was already included in the base game and can be unlocked via mods and working correctly. Your paying to play with what should have been there in the first place really. Considering the base price of the game is £29.99, its really not worth it.Could only recommend the game if game price drops below £15 and all DLC included."
,Not Recommended,245620,14952896,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SuYuanHao,"If you're going to play a Tropico game, play either 3 or 4, they're superior in almost every way. Tropico 5 is the Michael Bay  of Tropico, big, dumb and colorful. All the systems, variety and control seemed to be streamlined and simplified. The game was rather simple before, but going from 3 to 4 to 5, you notice a trend downwards. The DLC is overpriced and unsatisfactory. If you've beaten every other Tropico game and this one is on sale, i guess get it, you'll beat the main campaign within 20-30 hours. But I wouldn't say its much worth it."
,Recommended,245620,10211083,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,mayroserr,"Hello everyone, I'm writing this review as a huge fan of Tropico Serie. My favourite game of the serie is still Tropico 4. Tropico 5  isn't as good as Tropico 4. Because in Tropico 5 you can't even customise your character. There isn't as many as skill for our charackters then Tropico 4.Positive:+Better graphics.+Longer play time.+New dynasty feature.+New trade route feature.+Better wars and riots.+Co-op feature.+Managers for buildings.+New eddicts.Negative:-Unsatissfied character creator.-Colonial era is boring.-There isn't so many new buildings.-The happiness chart of classes are worse then Tropico 4.-New building menu is worse then Tropico 4.(Sorry for my bad English, thanks for reading)"
76561197993919090,Not Recommended,245620,13111556,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kumamanuma,"The ethos of sequels back in the day used to be that they were bigger, better, and with more content. Unfortunatley the modern mindset seems to be that you can push out a minimal product at full price, and charge for ""DLC"" that should have been in the main game.Every step taken by kalypso seems to be a step backwards. There are less buildings, less avenues for economy, less player agency. In tropico 4 you could entirely eschew certain areas of economy and still make it work. Want a industrial complex that sucks the minerals from the land for massive profit? No problem. Want to protect mother earth, build your economy by becoming a tourist trap, or an island vegas? Go for it! Do you want to create an atheist state, a complete theocracy, a communist regime, or a capitalist paradise? All do-able!Not so with tropico 5. Make a single move that the people dont like, and you're done. in some cases there is no way to correct this (sign the wrong thing into your constitution, watch your approval tank. just watch, you can do nothing about it now.) its game over. You -must- build a church if you want to have any hope of making out of colonial era. You -must- build a mine if you want to have any economy at all.  While in tropico 4 you had to keep citizen happiness in mind, now it is the single driving factor of the entire game, and you will have to play it their way, not yours. Now that buildings are tied to eras, the game is completely homogonized. Every game is ""A"" leads to ""B"" leads to ""C"". you -must- start with farming, which -must- lead to industrialization, with no options for tourism or even entertainment until the right era.And the DLC that is planned for this game is beyond insulting. there are so many features from tropico 4 that were taken out so that they could be resold in bits and pieces. Remove jails and make the game activley punish you for trying to deal with criminals. Oh but dont worry, there is a prison DLC coming out that you can buy. It reminds me of a mobile free to play game, only i unfortunatley payed money for it.Tropico 4 was one of my favotire city building games, with many interesting mechanics and conecpts that couldn't be found elsewhere. Tropico 5 is an incredible disappointment, i cant recomend anyone buy this game. To echo many other sentiments, buy tropico 4 if you are interested in it."
,Recommended,245620,25163874,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FuntCase,"During the game's modern era, a certain bear-riding Russian leader, who isn't named, sent a large number of Russian immigrants to my island, which I stupidly accepted. Then he proceeded to invade my island under the justification of 'liberating the oppressed Russian minority in Tropico'.10/10 for realism."
76561198041269094,Not Recommended,245620,16461973,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,KFTF,"Ultimately disappointingI was a big fan of Tropico 3 and 4. This one is still playable, but just doesn't feel like it has the depth of the previous titles. Some of the additions I liked and thought were interesting changes, such as:- You know have a ruling dynasty and you gain new family members as you go, with different abilities and bonuses- You have different eras that you move through and different building available in each era. There is also a constitution with options in each area. This is how you control things like open or closed borders, conscription vs high quality military etc.However, things I didn't like:- It seems much harder to really get a picture of how your society is going. Little things like : previously in a school you could see all the students and click on them, now you just get '5/10 students' and you can't drill down on them. You can't seem to get a list of your whole population by education level, only the unemployed people. You can't see an individual persons needs anymore, just their ratings. It's harder to watch or track a single person. You can see thoughts, but not what they are currently doing, whereas they used to tell you they were going to the doctor, or to get food. You can't see how many people are using a garage or railway station. Lots of small features like this that they have removed make it really hard to diagnose problems, like whether people are able to commute effectively, or have enough services around them.- Because of the above, when things go wrong, you often have no idea why. Why is the happiness rating high but my approval rating low? Why do I have so many of every type of entertainment building but the entertainment happiness is still low? Why do I have lots of teamsters but my factories are full on un picked-up goods? It's often hard to tell if it is something you are doing wrong, inconsistencies in the game or bugs. Why do I have so many homeless people who won't move into the housing I have built that is in a good location and appropriate for their wealth level? Why do I still have people listed as 'broke' when I have the social security edict turned on. Why is there a group protesting against my government, but when I click on them many have 85+ approval rating and happiness? What are they upset about? No idea.All of that being said, the game is still fairly easy to complete, but for those like me that like to not just finish the mission but build the ultimate society in the process, it is so frustrating seeing things like a low approval rating due to homelessness when I have dozens of houses standing empty and other similar things. I ended up giving up because I just wasn't enjoying it any more.For anyone new to the franchise, go and play 3 or 4, they are awesome."
76561198032570787,Not Recommended,245620,24611531,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chromat989,"Tropico 5 is not a worthy successor of the tropico series.My gripes with tropico 5 are especially with 2 points:1. RebellionsIn Tropico 5 you cannot manage to satisfy everyone - and that is great. The problem lies in the fact that even if citizens have a satisfaction rate of above 70%, they will still permanently rebel. Additionally, there really is no adequate option to reduce the number of rebels, be it with the military or socially - in Fact, most options decrease libery, reduce the satisfaction and thereby increase the number of rebels - and when they rebel, they cant be killed of.2. Trying to be funnyWhile in previous editions of Tropico, there was a underlying dry tone of humor that increased immersion in the game, now almost every Radio adress tries to be funny - but just says ""You are no dictator of a banana republic, you are just some stupid gamer""On a personal note, I miss the election speeches from T3"
,Recommended,245620,32732601,Posted: 24 June,all,Cillit Bang,> starts sandbox game> wow nice music> builds small empire> really enjoys game> still really enjoys the music> begins smuggling empire with pirates> realises he has only 2 months of mandate left> panics and begins to build army> mandate is gone> game overbut the music is good tho
,Not Recommended,245620,12424233,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Mac Like-a The Potty,"I loved Tropico 4 to an unhealthy degree of obsession. It was the first Tropico game I had played and I couldn't wait for Tropico 5. Like most I've been disappointed with the changes made. They aren't bad, they just don't work too well. Tropico 4 was a waiting game, you had to wait for buildings to be finished. Tropico 5 is a waiting game, you have to advance in era to get to the interesting sections of the game.Tropcio 5 feels like the developers tried to make it more tightly focused while cutting corners from everything to budget manangement to simple buildings. This takes away a large amount of options that you had in Tropico 4 and it makes it feel like an unfinished game. Everything interesting and fun has been removed and we're left with a lifeless and soulless sim city.Coop is pretty pointless because it's just the base game with someone else on the island taking up space and resources. It's still just as boring and waiting around for your citizens to be happy enough to advance to the next era.I played through the campaign once and was left wanting more. I even tried to replay it but it's just so tidious I can't bring myself to dredge through to chapter 2.My final thought is that this game should be good, possibily even really good. But cutting out content for future DLCs and expansions makes me not want to invest any more time with Tropico 5 when the base contains so little.El Presidenté deserves more."
,Recommended,245620,17198518,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,MapleHoodOG,"You may see a lot of reviews slamming this game for being ""dumbed down"" or overly simplified compared to previous titles, and to be honest they may not be entirely incorrect. However, what these people don't seem to grasp is that sometimes less is more. I will admit that Tropico 5 is certainly not a perfect game, nor is it even the best game in the series, but it still holds it own and should be considered by anybody who is a fan of the series or the genre.I will start with the good, which there is plenty of. Tropico 5 has the most robust campaign of any Tropico game to date, with persistent islands that carry over from mission to mission and a new dynasty system that allows you to pass your legacy on to your offspring if you choose to. While the dynasty aspect could have been fleshed out a little more, it is still fun and finally gives you something to actually do with your off-shore account money (which is used to upgrade dynasty memebers). As usual the story to the campaign is wacky and goofy, and completely unbelievable, but that is all just part of the charm to Tropico. Tropico 5 also introduces a new era system where instead of always starting during the Cold War, you can now start as early as colonial times and work your way up through 4 eras to modern times. While not game-changing per say, this does add a nice touch to the game and a fresh way to play it. The voice acting throughout is solid and charming, the music is catchy as always, and the visual are superb. The color pallete is bright and cheerful, and the level of detail on some of the buildings is rather impressive when you zoom in. It should also be noted that as with most Kalypso games technically the game is great, it runs wonderfully and I have had zero crashes.As I mentioned though, the game is not perfect I'm afraid. There are a couple of aspects of the game that have been simplified compared to old titles. For example, when setting the salary for a building instead of a slider that allowed you to set whatever dollar amount you wanted, there are just 5 pre-set payrates to choose from. Furthermore, while you can still set the pay from every building of that kind, you can't set it for all workers of that education. A slight annoyance, but still something that may detract from some and it also points to the larger issue with this game I think many have. This game is not City:Skylines, it is not Banished, nor is it even SimCity in terms of complexity. Tropico 5 is a largely streamlined experience that is intended to let you focus on the big picture without getting too caught up in micro-managing. Some people like this, some don't, which I get, but it should be noted Tropico games have always been like this so it really shouldn't be a shock that Tropico 5 continues the pattern. Another annoyance is the lack of content in this game. While the campaign is robust and plenty of maps are included for sandbox mode, it is frustrating to see buildings and concepts introduced in previous games either omitted or held out so that they can be introduced through over-priced DLC. That said, the base game as is still provides plenty to do and can be enjoyed without spending a penny on DLC. It should be noted though that the exact same argument could be made about the last game, as without the Modern Times expansion Tropico 4 was a little lacking in endgame content, so again this really is nothing new for the series.All-in-all Tropico 5 is a really solid game. Not great, but also really not bad, and very much worth the only $40 it costs. I will admit that you may want to start with Tropico 4 (skip 3, 4 is just an upgraded version of it), and if you want a really good game that is completely different from the rest of the series play 2, but if you already have played these and are hungry for more or you just want to play the newest game, you will not regret this purchase. Also please note while my Steam account doesn't reflect it I have played every game in the series extensively, in particular 4 on the XBox 360, and while 2 actually remains my favorite 5 is right up there as well."
,Recommended,245620,10208637,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,boris grishenko,"It's the same Tropico we know and love but with a variety of new elements added to the core. Good fun, fantastic soundtrack and gorgeous graphics.But I really do miss the faction leaders that conversed with you in Tropico 4, it let you know what needed fixing on the island and now the only indicator of♥♥♥♥♥♥hitting the fan is your almanac.. which really doesn't explain much.Also, the top left notification box tends to drag down the FPS rate whenever it appears. An option to disable  it and bring back the text notifications would be grand.However this is still a great game and is worth the price of admission.EDIT - Lord Oaksworth can burn in hell."
,Recommended,245620,10219542,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,stupid n1gger,"A US invasion, Uprising, Military coup and Rebel attack all at the same time. Ordered my fighters to bomb everything, 950 people died that day, but El Presidente is A-Okay"
,Recommended,245620,32700914,Posted: 23 June,all,Pablo,"Tropico 5 is like a parody of standard strategy games: warm, amusing and hilarious.Great experience overall, except for the great giant tropical spiders.8.6/10"
76561197993530377,Not Recommended,245620,14522602,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,kasemodder,"It's okay. I was much more engrossed in the previous ones. No unique challenges to this one's campaign (Some of my favorite campaign missions in Tropico 4 focused on population restrictions (no immigration, or hundreds of people dropped on you) or extreme financial restrictions, or time restrictions that actually required thought.)The game doesn't feel like they tried. The campaign mode is broken, too short, and I ended up with a dozen save files of the same thing. I can't go back and play a specific mission easliy. The constant flow of DLC is good... the quality of DLC is garbage.Game has potential to be good in the future, but it's not worth it unless it goes on a deep deep sale"
,Not Recommended,245620,10215086,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Trevanion,"A few dollops of new paint has refreshened the series! Or has it...To me as a fan of Tropico since #1, Tropico 5 has seemed to have thrown out all the old stuff that has been in the series since the Original Tropico. The Traits are now gone, alot of buildings from previous games have seemed to disappear, hardly any of the buildings look different from each other (Even Shacks look the same).The concept of the time periods seems like an interesting idea at first but it is really poorly executed, around 80% of the buildings are locked in Colonial times, which is fair enough... Where are you going to get a Space Program in the Colonies? But what annoy's me is the fact that they didn't execute it like they did in the Modern Times DLC where you upgrade the buildings with the time. You can't even get a Medical building in Colonial times, or hardly any Entertainment buildings. And I'm pretty sure they were making Cigars and Rum before ""The Great Wars""The Gameplay can feel very dull and a bit of a drag at times. You feel like you've listened to the same song over and over and over, Done the same objective over and over and over. And you've gotten nowhere.Also the customisation of the characters is appauling comparing to Tropico 4, which had limited options to say the least. The only costumes you can use in Tropico 5 limited to literally 5. And some of those don't even make sense, You can dress as an Astronaut in Colonial Times. This makes me facepalm very much so. They also slimmed down the traits to around 8. Considering Tropico's Useful and Humorous Traits from the past, these really aren't traits. Did I mention you can't have your own name? Nope, You got to have a name from this list. And going through the list is a grueling task as you have to go through each name INDUVIDUALLY by scrolling to the side.The new characters also seem a bit... Bland and uncharacterful comparing to previous games. Even the Caricatures seem a bit lifeless. Also not having the faction figureheads stating what's going on really lets the game down.It also is quite tough on the hardware, I would suggest using a beefy computer. But this could just be the early stages of the game.On the brightside, It's pretty I guess. And Trading is a nice touch. But not much else has changed and had only really taken a step backwards.I think Haemimont and Kalypso really need to get their act together, After that tremendous flop that was Omerta and now This. I don't understand why I thought this may have been better.4ish/10 - Buy when it's cheap."
76561197991260217,Recommended,245620,28041640,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gionder,"I played Tropico 1, 2, 3, 4 and now the newest one. Let me give you some history for basing my opinion.Tropico 1 was fun, innovative for its time, great ambience, nice enough music (a bit repetitive) and the missions were very straight foward, like a game in that era should be.Tropico 2 was more of the same but with some great additions. The pirates theme, i guess, worked out really well. I enjoyed it for a long time before it got sort of pointless.Tropico 3 is the first installment that you can call ""the current generation"" of the Tropico games. The controls and the GUI were terrible compared to T5, but in some ways, it was more rewarding to try and accomplish the side missions.Tropico 4 was a massive improvement over T3. The best music so far, with a varied selection and you can't really get bored with them. The missions were OK, mostly made sense, which is good. Progression was very linear, in a satisfactory kind of way.Now, TROPICO 5: the music has been toned down a little. No such quality or variety as found in the fourth game.The missions are basically life-savers that pop up in just the right time or a simple do-and-get-rewarded sort of scheme. The rewards are usually immigrants, cash or good standing with other nations.The graphics have improved a bit, yes, but it's not like you'll be playing this at the closest possible zoom all the time. Granted, when you do zoom in, the textures don't look washed out too badly and the characters and objects are a little bit higher poly than in T3 and 4.The game is no longer THAT linear. You do end up being thrown back into the past to take revenge on your present-time enemies by sabotaging their past. That surprised me a bit and i liked it.The whole technology progression thing deserves a compliment. This works in much the same way as Endless Space, which, in my view, is the very best technology tree found in a strategy game. It simply works nicely and gives you a good idea of the passage of time.Overall, i would say this is, indeed, more of the same good old tropico, but it cannot be denied that it has been improved substantially. It does feel ""new"".I give it a 8.5 out of 10. You really should try it if you like city builders in the likes of Patrician and Port Royale."
76561198031001159,Not Recommended,245620,24440639,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,le Khan,"In the words of Penultimo: I am so furious!If I wanted to play a military strategy, I wouldn't play Tropico. The allure of the game was, in the first place, being able to develop an economy while ignoring (And profiting! from) world wars and such. and now, i have to siphon the money in military bases, barracks, alliances, and still I get two simultaneous invasion forces on my shores, impossible to defeat unless I have ludicrous ammount of firepower myself. And it's not the firepower I want when I play Tropico. I want humor, sleezy diplomacy and pina coladas.Not to mention the lack of ammount of zoom that existed in previous incarnations of the game,and lack of info about buildings.I'ma lover, not a fighter. Let's hope the next incarnaton of Tropico will have less tanks and more casinos"
,Recommended,245620,10211973,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Dewnis,I lost! On an election! While commiting election fraud! As a totalitarian state with 300% bonus fraud votes!10/10would cheat election again.
,Recommended,245620,19298862,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,rottandartist,"This is one of my favorite games! The content is filled with little jokes and puns and things to make you chuckle (or groan!) and the game is certainly challenging on the higher settings. I play the lower ones and am challenged quite enough, thanks! I have really enjoyed the DLC, which is on sale often enough to make it affordable for even my tiny budget.  One of the things I enjoy most about the game, is the replay value! I can use the 'sandbox' setting to play any goal, a known or randomly generated map, and with any level of difficulty. Add some of the DLC expansion packs, and honestly it keeps me quite busy whenever I wish to play. Challenging, without being Frustrating, and replayable without being stuck with only select missions. Fun Stuff for the price!"
,Recommended,245620,23653371,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,DimasRMDO,"Okay so....If you are new to Tropico series, I'd suggest getting Tropico 4 instead as it's more ""complete"" compared to Tropico 5. Sure Tropico 5 has got interesting features like timeline where you start in Colonial Era and proceed to Modern Times, also more troops (now it's got fighter jets and tanks) so you have more variation in combat.In term of controlling your city, Tropico 4 excels (in my opinion). In Tropico 5, they even remove ministers, so you can just issue any edicts you want. No more Immigration Office so you have to make amendment which once issued, you have to wait for really long time. Your character can visit places to ""enhance"" its efficiency and much more in Tropico 4. However, in Tropico 4, the military stuff is limited. You are only offered infantry and that's it, you can only fight the rebels and if someone wants to declare war on you it's an instant game over which is suck.Player customization is limited as well in Tropico 5, you can't even name your character the way you want, the traits are not as many as Tropico 4. To replace this, Tropico 5 introduces ""Dynasty"". It's just your family, nothing special, you can choose one of the member to become the next president. For me, it's an upgrade, but the question is.... Why remove the freedom to customize your character?What I like Tropico 5 the most is the multiplayer feature, unfortunately the game is not really crowded so you better have some friends playing with you. Because it's a race against time thanks to the timeline.DLCs? I don't recommend it, it adds some features but you'll get bored easily. Besides, the DLCs are too many the price in total is just not worth it. The base game is actually enough."
,Not Recommended,245620,16535858,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Steve Lo,"Adds multiplayer and better graphics at the price of having fun. $10 - $15 is reasonable, past that and not so much. It's literally only but a shadow to what Tropico 4 is. I do like the Eras though, but I hate how they did it. You just complete a mission and boom automatic Colonial Era to 1920s to Cold War to Modern Times. The way they talked about the whole Eras was that it was going to be amazing and interesting, but what we got was nothing of the sorts. I do like the Tropico series but as always, it's now at the point of anything new is just going to be crap. Hopefully this is the end of series and they go on to something new or else make Tropico 6 over the top - I kind of personally hope for Tropico in Space or something, something a little different. Oh, and avoid the DLCs, they're stupid. You get a building an outfit and maybe a very stupid and short mission. Not even worth $2, at the quality they are it should be a free update - or just simply already in the game.Not recommended. Get Tropico 4.EDIT: I take back what I said about ""not recommended"" I do kind of recommend it. It isn't horrible, it's just a bit disappointing if you've played previous Tropico games. But, like they did with the other games was they added in what should've already been in-game via DLC. Grab it with all DLC around $20-$30 (or lower) is a good price. No DLC isn't bad but you'll understand what I mean in my review, it's very lacking in buildings. I won't even go into explaining how dumbed down the rest of the gameplay, just read some of the top reviews as they explain it a little better."
76561198029989545,Recommended,245620,10211058,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Mr. Shire,Cr1tikal did voice acting in this game11/10
76561197971644234,Not Recommended,245620,28781152,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,synthboy2000,"Firstly, let me make it clear that this is by no means a bad game. If you had no previous experience of Tropico and someone gave you this for free you'd probably be very happy. Unfortunately, comapred to the (cheaper) Tropico 4 this is just seems inferior in so many ways. The storyline is the usual entertaining farce and the new era system works pretty well in that you have a different feel for each time period in terms of interaction with foerign powers. However, it also feels like it's not been totally intergrated (the Colonial era has citizens in the garb of the Pilgrim Fathers but with standard asphalt roads). There's also a new trade system but it just seems different rather than better. The  biggest bugbear is the feeling that it's all been dumbed down. There are fewer micro management options, the almanac has less information (especially regarding politics) and there seem to be less building options. This means that often there feels like there is nothing much to do once a mission gets going and often it's just a case of letting the clock run down, occasionally throwing down some random buildings to fulfil a quest. With Tropico 4 I remember being chopping at the bit to get onto the next mission. After 10 hours of Tropico 5 I'm afraid I'm just a bit bored."
,Not Recommended,245620,16729609,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Typh,"I am doing my best to like this game. But it is a huge step back from Tropico 4. Military plays a huge role in this game, and it is hard, nearly impossible to survive without one. And the issue is, unless you have conscription, your military will never fill up.You start in the Colonial age, its neat, but the issue is, its lack luster. You get randomly attacked by corsairs, who totally destroy your army. They are too powerful, and attack way too early in game before you can even establish a military to fight them off.Then there's the World Wars, its cool too, but Military again, unless you have conscription, is nearly impossible to bring up. You get attacked by the army of invading militaries, and they, again, destroy your army due to some reason.I haven't gotten much to the Modern age and Cold Wars often, because I find myself quitting the game because my militaries keep getting destroyed. And This is on the easiest Difficulty, mind you.I like the features they aded but they need to tweak Rebels, Foreign invasions, uprisings, and coups before it can be enjoyabale again. They defeat your military too often, and you find yourself, despite having a nice 85+ approval raiting, losing the game.I can't suggest this game untill these issues are fixed. Don't even get me started on the DLC they push for this game too."
,Not Recommended,245620,32780230,Posted: 25 June,all,Foosball,"Another addition to the Tropico series. I own every single Tropico game out there and so I'm acquainted with the game. People may disagree with this review yet in comparison of the other Tropico games I don't really feel this game adds a whole lot. While Tropico 5 ushers in new options, the metrics the game offers you by way of info for economics is sorely lacking. Overall, this game takes a more casual approach towards the series with a campaign that is poorly written. For those who prefer growing your economy, enjoying a mixed economy while trying to appease facitons, perhaps stick with Tropico 4 because the constant barrage of crises faced when playing Tropico 5 turned me off.Pros:-Tropico 5 ushers in new options and concepts not found in the previous series. Things like buildings auto-demolishing themselves once they've outlived their usefulness (like a logging mill) is a welcome change to manage buildings.-The addition of newer buildings adds greater variety to the landscape.- The introduction of research points generated from a library is interesting and allows you to research a variety of upgrades.- You can upgrade certain buildings in order to enhance certain aspects like productivity of the buildngs.- You can establish trade routes now through the docks.- You can now hire managers with speficic traits to run specific buildings with those traits benefiting the buildings.- New buildings offered (i.e. Inquisition) offer the chance for you to carry out additional activities like label people heretics, etc.Cons:- The campaign is frankly confusing and poorly laid out. With the introduction of a dynasty whereby you can choose to create different members of your ruling family, it makes for too many choices in what should otherwise a simply process of going from one campaign to the next. I would have much preferred a more simple layout to show progress with the campaign.- Second, after having purchased and fought for your independence, you find yourself governing another island and yet the same Crown representative is bugging you with requests and you have to work again towards independence. The campaign should progress with different goals which makes this tedious.- There is no fluidity from one campaign to the next. Once you finish one objective, you've back in the main menu, whereby you save, and then choose another island. Why not simply transition right away?- The Crown constantly asking you for money to leave you alone is annoying and takes place way too early in the game. It takes away from growing your economy and instead you're left dishing out money left right and centre. I get that the devs wanted to make the game more challenging but frankly there are so many frequent interruptions it becomes annoying.- The Crown will let you know that your colony is doing poorly compared to other colonies and so what does it do? It penalizes you with a tax of 10k that allows you to continue playing but puts you further into debt. DUH. Penalize me for doing badly by putting me further into the hole?- In certain missions, the crown will penalize you for doing poorly but then 5 minutes send you 6k. Wtf?- In another campaign the crown will hit you with a real estate tax and then two seconds later you'll get a disbursement of 6k.- The almanac does a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job of expanding on important aspects of your government. You cannot expand bullets under the Trade option with Economy to expand your revenue and expenses. Hell, even in Tropico 3, the GUI for info about the island was boring but it still allowed you greater freedom in clicking on certain metrics and being able to see immediately where you were hurting.- Unlike Tropico 4, setting wages for jobs is confusing. Instead of a ""wages"" option you have a budget set for the building. Budget for what? Maintenance or wages?Conclusion: Tropico 5 offers a variety of improvements in certain areas and upgrades in its buildings but for Tropico aficionados like myself, I found the game hampered by a poorly written and confusing campaign that make playing the game. It's clear that the game takes on greater economic challenges that make please some people. There is fun to be had while you play a campaign and it is clear that the devs have modernized the series but frankly I feel the game is hamstrung by the campaign. If you are a hardcore fan you may be disappointed and choose instead to stick to Tropico 4, but if this on sale it may be worth it.Oh, and one more thing: by the way, Haemimont Games: if I buy a digital game, I don't expect to have to register an account with you to download ""updates"" and get passed your stupid ♥♥♥♥ing nag screen. It is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying and completely useless. Get rid of the ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥nag screen."
,Not Recommended,245620,23306284,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Fherrera,I have played Tropico 3 for 100 hours (non-steam version) and Tropico 4 for almost 50 hours and i can only say this game is downgrade in many different things. There is few new things that are welcome to the game but so many things and options have been removed from this one.Ofc this is still good and decent game to play but i recommend to buy Tropico 4 with Modern Times DLC. Cheaper and twice better package than this one with other DLC's.
76561198061517598,Not Recommended,245620,13008455,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,SavageHenry,"I'm a big fan of the series and tycoon games in general.  Unfortunately, a low population cap makes Tropico 5 unplayable by its second half.The player will find his citizens emigrating en masse starting around the beginning of the Cold War, which will cause his economy to collapse.  Factories go unmanned, exports are never transported to the docks, expensive buildings are rendered useless by rolling blackouts as power plants run short on staff and fuel. Pulling people from entertainment and welfare buildings causes Happiness to plummet.  Hiring even illiterate foreign workers quickly becomes prohibitively expensive, and pointless, as they're likely to leave on the next transport.As the population cap is invisible to the player, he may spend many frustrating hours trying to placate his citizens before he realizes it's nothing he's doing wrong.In order to play successfully, one has to very consciously limit expansion from the start of the campaign onwards. (Unlike in previous installments, scenarios don't start with a blank slate; everything you've built in earlier eras is still there, although the money in your treasury, mysteriously, is not.)In short, this game is essentially broken without mods.  I appreciate the detail, beauty and realism that Haemimont have added, but they are in no way worth the losses in gameplay."
76561198037238638,Not Recommended,245620,25435705,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Patcharmy,"This is the first Tropico game I haven't enjoyed. You seem to spend the entre game fire fighting and the campaign is just freaking annoying. I'd rather have realistic economic goals for my island than some far fetched plot about the end of the world. You end up just not caring. It of course retains it's typical humour but really goes overkill to a point that any characters in the games are incredibly unlikable. Even your own president.There's a wide array of buildings to choose from and I really liked the progression through the era's Colonial through to Present day but the games campaign revovles around heavy military usage yet you once again lack real control over your troops. It's highly annoying to watch them act consistently like brainless turds during an invasion or rebel uprising.Futhermore the game has issues with the staffing of your buildings, as your island becomes ever more populous people seem unwilling to ever work in your manufacturing plants meaning they stand there empty most of the time. Frustrating is not the word. Not to mention that mining resources run out far too quickly meaning you can miss targets in game since you son't actually have anymore of that resource to mine.And finally the targets are boring as hell. Given that there's now 5 countries (Yes Europe isnt a country but whatever) you can negiotate with, why do they want the same things all of the time.I did enjoy playing Tropico at times, but it is a seriously lazy game. If the developers had spent more time balancing the above issues and ditching the cheesey puns that occur every 5 seconds then maybe just maybe i'd recommend it to you. Only ever buy on a Sale at a very generous rate."
76561198048887349,Not Recommended,245620,10308338,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,drose25,"They've sucked the life out of the game.  Half of the buildings from earlier versions have been removed (though the code has now been hacked and many are already prepared to be added back in as paid DLC content later) and nerfed a lot of existing stuff so you have to buy upgrade DLCs.  Mechanics have been dumbed down and sandbox mode is no longer the days of fun it used to be in previous Tropicos.  You quickly run out of stuff to build or achieve.  Almost all alternate building skins have been removed so every freakin' apartment or tenement, etc. looks identical.  No ability to create a custom, good looking island.  Heck, you can't even place trees anymore.Is it all bad?  No.  They added some new stuff like research and the ""eras"" that are positive.  At this point, though, I have to say DON'T BUY NOW.  Wait until the DLC is released and pick the whole thing up on a juicy Steam sale later this year.  It's not worth anywhere near full price now."
76561198002225676,Not Recommended,245620,12729356,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,RichardSG,"Tropico 4 was better. Tropico 5 felt more like a slight improvement or DLC over 4, but that's it. Not worth buying on hindsight."
76561198046045365,Not Recommended,245620,24457048,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tex,This game is just Tropico 4 with all the fun stuff removed.
76561198058964967,Not Recommended,245620,24331001,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,DrJackBlack,I preordered this game cause I loved the previous games but it's outragous that in order to have the full experience I have to buy the game a second time.The DLC paywall for the Tropico series is disheartening.
,Recommended,245620,17532111,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TheSinnersCreed,"So, I've seen this game get a lott of guff for not being like Tropico 4. Now, having owned both, I can truthfully say; that's not necessarily a bad thing. Should you get T4? Yes, it's a great game. Should you get T5? Yeah, it's also a great game. Why? Because they're both their own games. You'll find, as a gamer, you'll enjoy things more if you can appreciate what makes them unique instead of looking for new graphics for the same old game.TL;DR: Don't listen to the haters, El Presidente; your people need you. (Especially on sale)This game takes you through Eras, not just a one and done Building Cycle, Governing Factions and Trade fluxuations. I swear, T4 was almost too easy with its Factions setup (at least for me). From foreign powers to local politics each Era has its own flavor of personal dealings, edicts and the like.The game has controller support. Yeah, I like that. I stopped trying to create Powerpoint presentations on my PS4 and likewise stopped trying to play every game on my computer with a mouse and keyboard. It's the little things I appreciate. Like also how the different buildings have their own levels of investment to affect their production levels and managers you can hire to offer little bonuses.The way the farms and mines lay out are much more user friendly in T5 as well. It's almost seamless checking between variant crops and ranches to their respective areas to see what would fit where best. The plantations show an accurate area usage for your consideration when placing them and the overall feel of the building options seems fluid.I personally enjoy the little stamps as the icons, I find that to be fitting to the theme of Tropico. I have no trouble knowing where the different sets of buildings are and their skins (especially as how they partain to the various eras) are vibrant and well drawn.There's a fog of war on this game. Interesting use, you can send expeditions out there to find out what lies beyond. I like it. I like the exploration value instead of taking 5 minutes at the start of a map to see where literally everything is. There's more gaming aspects to this Tropico than there was to the last, more ways to enjoy the game besides finding new ways to make the same winning combination of goods and policies.Basically, if you wanna hate on a game, you can find a reason. Me? I'm El Presidente, I have no time for such plebieans.  Game on, fellow Dictators!"
,Not Recommended,245620,12618141,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Ichabong Crane,"I cannot stress enough how disappointing this game is. Tropico 4 was fresh, a worthy update, humourous. Tropico 5 descends into racialized caricatures of Latin Americans worthy of Family Guy. The gameplay itself is lacklustre at best, with a nonsensical tech system, overly difficult and repetitive mission objectives, this game is just crap. Also, they packed the DLC into the download, which is probably the most underhanded thing publishers do these days. This won't get much more play from me and I definitely won't be buying any DLC. Pirate this trash."
76561198006732719,Not Recommended,245620,13424069,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,CHEF4679,"Awful, lacking all of the charm of Tropico 4 and the Modern Times expansion. As someone who has played the series since Tropico 3 I feel like this game is a real step backwards. There are fewer buildings than the other Tropico's, the advisors are boring and the game takes itself too seriously in general. Do not waste your money on this game."
76561198030791385,Not Recommended,245620,17516870,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,MaxDoomSWE,"Tropico 4 made me buy Tropico 5. The fifth game in the series was a huge disappointment. So much content was lacking when the game was released, so many bugs and weird choices by the devs. What i think about though, when i think about Tropico 5, is one word: greed. So much content that could have been carried over from Tropico 4 in the release version, but the devs chose the EA-way of doing things, with tonnes of content being handed out over time as tiny but expensive dlc, and their greed ruined the game. Such a shame."
,Not Recommended,245620,10224412,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Hitosu,"Beware! DIRECTX11 card required! Just the fact that you have DirectX11 driver doesn't mean that this game will ever run (past main menu, what an irony). Most laptops are out of the game. Just wasted 40 bucks, oh well..."
,Recommended,245620,28004887,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,IAmMarshicus,"Are you currently mourning the death of El Comandante?If so, Tropico 5 is definitely the game for you to live out your fantasy as a ""revolutionary figure""!Overthrow the imperialists, crush the dissidents, embrace Marxism, and go on to become Tropico's ""longest-serving president"".You never know, in a few decades’ time - you too may be remembered as a ""remarkable leader"", ""social justice champion"", and a ""symbol of the struggle for justice""."
,Recommended,245620,32571900,Posted: 19 June,all,SP1NEBR8K3R,"Beautiful, satirical and fun city builder. Main storyline is full of hilarious jokes and real-world references. Penultimo's self-mocking jokes are a treat.This game is not economically/politically challenging on regular difficulty but it was not intended to be. If you want a challenge, you can always play on hard.You also get a very decent DLC policy - each major DLC has story worth ~ 1/2 original game and does not try to milk you for money. Overall, you can easily sink ~60 hours into story alone. I have spent a bit more farming the game for all the single-player achievements.The best Tropico game so far. Definitely recommend if you are into city builders and are looking for a new title/setting."
76561197975434131,Not Recommended,245620,10231044,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kung.fu,"I much prefer tropico 4. There's more direct control like setting salaries, constructing statues of yourself. There aren't even prisons in Tropico 5! The new features is only a gimmick and offers little depth to gameplay."
,Not Recommended,245620,19861313,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Steviekun,"I dont know how a game could have less features than the previous, ESPECIALLY since it runs on the same engine and uses the same assets!But this game has won that achievement.And that is not a good thing. It's like that one franchise, what was it called? Cities XXL? Dont ask which one there is literally no difference in any of those games,(Buy tropico 4- it's cheaper, the exact same thing, and somehow has more than this one.)"
,Not Recommended,245620,34883822,Posted: 11 September,all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,Is it a good game? Yes. Is it a good Tropico game? No.This game lacks a lot of interesting features like making election speeches which you could do in the previous game.Also Penultimo's voice has changed! Sad that such an iconic character couldnt be recast using the same voice.The story missions are lacking in substance and difficulty. You play on one of two islands are recycle them into other missions. Thus sometimes you may straight pass by requirements and beat certain levels in mere minutes. I patiently await Tropico 6 where we can get out real island paradise back!
76561198024606309,Recommended,245620,24617655,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,cerebrave,"Fun, but overpricedI'd be lying if I say I do not enjoy this game.  I'm kinda person who loves things grows and making money :), so I'd still recommend the game.Tropico 5 is not the best of the series though... I'd say T4 is the best.  Being the latest of the series, it removed the fun for traffic (garage) management, and I lost the sense of how people would pick their homes/houses.  Its leaning toward simplistic radius based building effect (you would know what I mean if you are a city building veteran).The good thing it deliver, is on the politics, I did interact more on politics and foreign policy than I had before in other series (T3 & T4).  You could easily dethroned from your presidential seat if you are not careful.  The tech and age concept is sometime feel limiting, but it is as well as creates a sense of growing in the big picture.Graphic wise, it is more or less at par with T4.  and about the price - It just not worth the full price tag.  Grab it when it is on sale, I got all DLCs (while on sale) and finished all of them so I write this review.  You get very small value of those smaller DLC, and some additional value for the bigger one, but none of them deserved their full price tags.  The feel about the DLC is that it did made the game easier to pass - I completed the original campaign without DLC and it just not a simple cake walk... but after I got all of them, you can actually feel they simplify the game quite considerably.Haven't tried multiplayer, I did checked a while, it is not that many open games, but seems enough small group of people playing.Go enjoy this game, as I did enjoy!"
76561198045472859,Recommended,245620,28258687,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Decima_ZA,"Tropico 5 is NOT Tropico 4, that must be made clear. Tropico 4 was pretty much a beefed up Tropico 3 after all.While I miss some aspects of Tropico 4 (apartment designs, some edicts, etc.), Tropico 5 is a truly great game in its own right.I never did much of ANYTHING with the trading interface in T3 and T4, and while some lament the 'over simplified' and 'dumbed down' new trade interface, I love it. I am actually using it now and I know exactly what I'dm doing. What they made easy in trading, they made more complicated in everything else. Getting 100% happiness in a T4 sandbox was ridiculously easy. Even with $100k in a T5 sandbox, save games will be your friend. ESPECIALLY in the campaigns.Factions are not the end all they used to be. While the people are easy to please, faction approval (and by extension the approval of their members) is not so easy. Happiness doesn't win elections. Approval does. Thus, you can be easily voted out if the largest faction doesn't like you for what ever reason. USE EVERY MINI-CHALLENGE YOU CAN TO PLEASE THE FACTIONS! Your life will be made significantly easier. Communists were easily appeased in T4 with food, housing and medical care. Now they don't give two hoots.A huge amount of new features have been added, and I love them. From edicts to buildings to other mechanics. The added variety of army units is very welcome. Building managers make no sense to me though, since appointing them for each and every individual building is a micro-managing nightmare.As a new edition of the Tropico series, I heartily approve. It is different, and a welcome challenge with many hours of gameplay fun (and frustration as you become accustomed to it). The game has that typical Tropico satire, parody and humour....and it is hilarious beyond what I thought T4 ever was."
76561198006527747,Not Recommended,245620,14720592,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nutrodamus,"Man I love all the Tropico games, and I mean ALL.  This one however really irritated me.  You pay for mistakes in future levels you didn't know you were making in early levels.  There is no way to plan around it.  I simply won't start over to try and fix it and I shouldn't have to."
76561198005106948,Not Recommended,245620,25317871,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lepidus,"If you loved Tropico 4, Don't buy this game.If you never played Tropico 4, Don't buy this game, instead, go buy Tropico 4.They improved Tropico 5 over 4 by removing all humor, snark, Talented voice acting, cut out all the needless engaging story lines, and replaced them all with bad acting, humorless monologs, and a bunch of game bugs."
,Not Recommended,245620,30065824,Posted: 20 February,all,Iron Haydn,"Just get Tropico 4, and let's hope Tropico 6 is a return to that level."
76561198058442738,Recommended,245620,31824038,Posted: 18 May,all,Fabulous Fire,"Played with a friend.His government policy failed completely. He had to change to a dictatorship to avoid losing in a vote. He then built a lot of military to supress the rebels.Meanwhile I have a +55% of the vote ratings, and had a small army, and big industry.My friend asked for money to help with his debt and low income. I refused.My friend tried to invade me to take my money by force.Suddenly a ton of rebels appear in his town.His townhall falls before mine10/10 would win by pure luck any day."
76561198018350675,Not Recommended,245620,12456467,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,elyttek,"The game is... solid, but ut quickly loses replay value and challenge. The jokes get tiring as there is almost no variability in the oneliners. I pretty much played through the campaign tried a random map and frankly got bored of the little ants. Hey I even got more playtime out of simple little Banished just because it offered more of a realistic challenge. Food is your issue not some military or diplomatic mess.I was frankly disappointed that a one man studio made a better, more engaging game."
,Not Recommended,245620,16464009,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The MCK,"in 2016, i bet everyone can buy this game for 2 dollars. if you still wanna play this game? just wait one year and please dont lose more money for this jerks.good luck with that dlc policy presidente. you never gonna take my money again."
76561198023398369,Not Recommended,245620,25342865,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Wotan,"Tropico 5 is a okay game. Tropico 4 is much better in my opinion though.The following concerns the game at medium difficulty settings.The campaignThe campaign includes only 4 different islands. You start with two that you can (or need to) switch after each mission. Constructed buildings will persist between missions on each island. Thus you only really need to build a good economy once and you are done for all remaining missions. The campaign is also rather short.Game mechanics-General buildings: Several buildings grant additional advantages if they are build on higher terrain. However, 3 of the 4 campaign islands are completely flat.-Housing: Compared to the previous Tropicos, the housing system has been improved. Even small buildings make sense now.- Industry: Tropico 5 allows you to build larger industry production lines. You can start with a logging camp, then add a saw mill to generate planks and then use these planks to build furniture. That's quite a nice feature.- Population: You can change a policy (~ every 5 years) that controls the number if immigrants. However, I never noticed any big difference between the options regarding the number of people arriving on my island. With open borders I got about 20 immigrants per ship. This leads to a problem, because you really need a lot of people on the island. The only other option is to increase the number of births by building clinics and hospital (up to 50% increase in births). But that's still not enough and I constantly ran out of workers (~200 workers missing in a population of 1400 people). This wouldn't be so bad if you didn't need to build lots of healthcare, religous and entertainment buildings to keep your population happy.-Unrest: The unrest system appears to be out of control. For example, even if the military faction loves you, they just might start a coup to get rid of you. Also, I haven't found any reliable way to get rid of rebels (However, they only became annoying in 2-3 missions, thus it might be due to scripting).-Military: The military mechanics are just horrible. Certain buildings are marked as targets once rebells or other forces attack. All your armys will then start moving towards these targets, ignoring any enemy forces that they may encounter on their way. The enemy will shoot at you though! This often leads to several causalties before your army even starts fighting back.There is also an option to build an aircraft carrier that does not work at all, because the aircrafts won't fire if the enemy is close to buildings, which is usually the case. However, you can set it on ""fire at will"", which will make them shoot and set your buildings on fire. That would be perfectly okay, if the rockets would actually damage enemies that are moving, but it appears that they mostly do damage on stationary enemies.Tropico 4 gave you more control over the movement of your armies, which made it much better in this respect.-Dealing with criminals, rebels, etc.: Similar to the previous tropico you can banish, arrest or kill people that you don't like. Or... well, you can at least issue the order to arrest them. Apparently the police doesn't really care about it. It takes years for them to take them to the prison.All in all it's an okay game, but I wouldn't buy it again. Get Tropico 4 instead of Tropico 5."
,Not Recommended,245620,29834570,Posted: 10 February,all,Voldy,"I would make a longer review, but i want to reflect what the developers took away from Tropico 4. They made tropico 5 a dumb down game with no humor and broken traits.It made me angry. What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think tropico 4 is the best city building game ever made and to come out with this sequel, ♥♥♥♥ing pisses me off."
,Recommended,245620,22091163,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,ezwip,"I really love Tropico games and would not doubt if the entire team is tripping on LSD as they code it. The graphics are solid this time around. They have a much more polished feel over the others. The musics always solid and you can import your own into the game without much effort.With that being said I'll go into a few negatives. With this one you really do want all of the DLC as too much was withheld from the base game. Once you have everything it's a beauty.This time around you can't zoom out as far as previous versions. There is a script available to undo this but it doesn't work in multiplayer. So now they have multiplayer but it desyncs often which ruins the match. It's definitely playable but there aren't many people online. It helps to know someone with the game if you want all of the achievements because several are tied to multiplayer. I've been trying for a long time to get the final 3 I have left. At least they have it which is a step in the right direction. Then they removed some of El Presidente's previous features. Now you can't follow him around or engage in a shootout. Instead it's all about dynasty members which would be fine... if they let me follow them around, give my speeches, and shoot up the enemy. They must undo this in the next one as it removes part of the charm. I'll also argue that they made it way too difficult to be a ruthless dictator. You'll make money hand over fist being a swell guy, but if you so much as look in the other direction you're going to have a military mutiny. It doesn't matter how well prepared you are for your own troops toppling you. Sure, you deserved it but I invite you to try running a North Korean style of government on this game. You might even find yourself in awe of what that dictatorship has accomplished. It probably is more realistic in that regard but it's also almost impossible since most of the features that could make it a reality aren't available until much later in the game.There is so much to this game that I am overwhelmed by attempting to describe the positives. Teamsters and construction workers are no longer an achilles heal. The army doesn't wander off during a crucial battle. Traffic jams are no longer an issue whatsoever. Parking garages and metros have been nerfed to the point that there doesn't seem to be a penalty for not having them at all. I'd argue that they went too far but micro managing roads was annoying. The military additions, the espionage, industries, trade, and so on are all well done. You have people flying rocket powered gliders all over the place, blimps, airlines, and so on. It's no longer just micro managing a banana republic and more like you're running a western power. I'm really interested to see what they will do with Tropico 6. I hope they add more wildlife as they removed a bit too much this time, give us back control over El Presidente, and work on the different forms of government. If they do those simple things I'll be happy.I will place the script to edit music into the game as well as the camera zoom into the comments section."
76561198035123400,Recommended,245620,10213265,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Gavin Belson,"PLEASE READ IF CONSIDERING TO BUY:DIRECTX 11 IS NEEDED.Supposable work-around here for DirectX 10, have not tested:http://forum.kalypsomedia.com/showthread.php?tid=22809Both the software AND your graphics card NEEDS to support it.The game will not play without it. I was excited to play, downloaded the game, and can't run it because my graphics card will only run DirectX 10.Looking for a new graphics card already."
76561198011957855,Not Recommended,245620,16725940,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Balsaboy,"Played 3, 4 and 5. Sad to say this is a step backwards. You lose control of your president, the UI is more complex and clunky than the older games, and the wages/rent sliders have been amalamated into a hideous 'building budget' system. Basically, it feels like Kalypso have almost tried to dumb some aspects of the game down whislt making other parts horribly over complicated. On the plus side, the graphics are great but this doesn't make up for the tedious gameplay."
76561198039719490,Not Recommended,245620,28082740,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Stephen122334,"I am a huge fan of the Tropico series but I unfortunatly cannot recommend this game. Also I should add I have logged about 70+ hours in this game at the time of writing this review even though my account says like 90 mins or something, I played most of it in offline mode.Compared to Tropico 4 (which imo is the best Tropico in the series) this game just feels unfinished even with all the DLC. There was so much stripped from the game that I sometimes found myself spending time looking for something that was no longer present even though they were important features in previous games.My main problem with 5 compared to 4 is that you have less control over your island and its inhabitants.Here a few of my Likes and DislikesLikes-Era and Research system was a good idea (poorly exectuted though)-Dynasty members was a nice idea and looking forward to a return in futrue Tropicos hopefully-Trade system was also a welcomed feature-Online mode is a great feature but not enough people use it, (good for with friends though)-New mining system-New farm system-Really liked the new combat system-Manager system was a good idea-Buildings look amazing (Best so far)Dislikes-New Almanac is just bad, lacks so much useful information (bring back the old one!!!)-Lack of the Rise to Power, Background etc options when setting up a new sandbox game-Where did all the trait options go?-Labour camp removed (easily on of my favourite buildings, I would have bet money on it making a return in 5. Sadly not though)-Lack of housing options-Shockingly small amount of decorations compared to Tropico 4-Grade school removed-New budget system which replaces the ability to set the wages and upkeep of the building individually.-Building options gone. (cants set schools to Military Education, newspapers to Word of God etc.) This was a huge disappointment for me.-Not enough Tourism and Entertainment buildings-Number of tourists allowed on the island capped-Lack of variety in tasks, after a few playthroughs they become too familiar-New Faction system is terribile (where did the loyalists go?)-Advisors and Faction Reps Removed. Only Penultimo and Oaksworth advise and offer tasks now.-Zoom levels reduced-Criminals replaced with crime lords that justt appear on your island-Election Speech removed (????)-Rebel yell, Immigrants out etc starting options removedI could list a few more but you get the idea. I will end this review saying that if you are thinking of buying this game. Don't do it and buy Tropico 4 instead."
76561198073608575,Not Recommended,245620,15041220,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,George _Antony_ 97,"I think this game is fun but very unpolished and rushed,lots of bugs and the poor design choices are very puzzling. I recommend Anno for anybody who would like this type of game (although it lacks that tropican charm)"
,Not Recommended,245620,13648790,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MacDragon,"A huge disappointment after Tropico 4, which you can pick up with all the DLC for less than this."
76561198014714420,Not Recommended,245620,28335063,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SuperbuddhaPunk,"I've been fan of the Tropico series since Tropico the first back in the days, so I started playing T5 with great expectation, specially when T4 was SO GOOD. Unfortunately most of what made Tropico fun is not there, the quirky characters, the smart and funny dialogues, the voice acting (seriously the actors are doing a terrible job on this one), even the music, everything falls flat this time. It's not a bad game, it is a complex economics and politics simulation but much of what made the series chaming and fun is gone. There's been some subtle change in the UI and it does not feel as smooth as the previous titles.At this point in the series Tropico has peaked at Tropico 4 so if you are interested by the concept of the game - a banana republic simulator full of humor- I recommend you get T4 instead."
76561197996194618,Not Recommended,245620,10216137,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MimiXiS,"Seriously Kalypso, what the frack?DX11 only?My bad for not checking min. requirements for the game, but i am El Presidente.El presidente do not need to meet the requirements. Requirements wants to meet El presidente.Before buying this game, please check your hardware."
76561198020579969,Not Recommended,245620,10219349,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,PanZom,"There's $40 down the drain. Diretx 11 only, and by only I mean your version of windows telling you you have 11 is not enough. you must have a new gaming pc to run this, if your computer is a few years old DO NOT BUY THIS!"
,Not Recommended,245620,10266428,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,WhiteBagel,"This game has been given way more hype than it deserves. It is currently as buggy as all hell, not to mention dodgy overlaying graphics. The multiplayer is currently completely unfunctional with reliable crashing as soon as someone leaves the colonial era. Having come into the tropico series without knowing anything about them, I find this game a complete waste of money. It's clearly been rushed and hoops avoided to release it on the deadline. Kalypso servers are not able to withstand the release overloads which is pathetic. We all know that when a game first comes out with a fresh multiplayer idea that nearly all purchasers are going to want to try it out, but kalypso managed to completely oversee this meaning they had to completely shut down the servers to reboot them, and then put a limit on the number of connections because they didn't dedicate enough space. The single player is equally dissapointing with game difficulty options making no affect on the play at all, unrefined graphics at higher resolutions, and all round choppy edges that destroy what could have, but never will be, game of the year."
76561198028305550,Not Recommended,245620,30009264,Posted: 18 February,all,coll912,"It's definatly a *new* experience for the Tropico franchise, and though it can be fun, it's big downgrade from Tropioc 4 in terms of mechanics and content. Shallow to the point where the replay value is very small. Imagine what Sims 4 did compared to Sims 3, and that's basically what this review means by ""new and different, but downgraded"""
,Not Recommended,245620,33431326,Posted: 10 July,all,DarkDvr,"1. Take Tropico 4, an amazing fun game.2. Remove many successful mechanics3. Lock tons of stuff behind a tedious research wall4. Add boring and unneeded mechanics like trade ships (well, 1 ship)5. Call it Tropico 5.Game should be called ""Tropico 4: The Reduced Edition"".That being said, they didn't ruin it enough for it to be a bad game. It's that Tropico 4 is just better."
76561198066428893,Not Recommended,245620,30498844,Posted: 13 March,all,Tenebris,"I wanted to like this game. I spent a great deal of time searching for a game just like this one, read reviews, and finally decided that it was the one I wanted. Dropped $50 for the whole collection, and I will likely not play it again after the 150 or so hours I dropped into it.GoodIt is world-building, political gameplay that I was searching for in a sense. Much of the game allows you to control all of the little details that make the world your creating exactly what you want--for a while. The various constitution options were interesting, and it was one of the options that I found to be the most exciting, being able to control the type of people who come onto your island, controlling the state of the government, and setting up the professionalism of your military are all excellent options that I think really contribute to the overall feel of the game.BadExecution of the above failed. The politics are largely one-way. You pick a side and can't really play the middle in any meaningful way if you want to complete a mission. In major-global conflicts, there is a political out if you are skilled enough. Not an option.The game provides a limited and hilariously unsatisfactory tutorial that fails to explain most of the important aspects of the game that determine approval rating, military tactics, and government effects of a number of aspects. Moreover, most of the constitution is written to be funny rather than informative (along with quests, objectives, and so on), meaning that it is impossible to tell the exact effect most actions or changes will have until it is too late. And I say too late, because you can only alter the constitution once every five years. At one point, I altered mine and my approval rating dropped nearly 30% rapidly.In regard to approval, it is almost a meaningless measure. Having an approval rating of 90+ is pretty safe, but as soon as you drop to 80 or so (keep in mind that U.S. Presidents largely have approval ratings of ~50%), rebellions happen constantly unless you are eliminating rebels (which is expensive). The further it falls, the more impossible it becomes to return the approval to the higher rating, largely because the constant threats result in rebellions, resulting in destroyed property, resulting in lacking the funds to rebuild the buildings that increase approval or eliminate the rebels that destroy them.The military aspect of the game is useless. You can build a powerful military, but it ignores half of the threats that you come into contact with throughout the game. I lost several games because I had military units who refused to defend the palace. In other cases, the military units associate the battle with a specific location, that may not actually be associated with the battle, resulting in buildings (like guard towers) which get destroyed because your military is off defending a building and refuse to march to the actual location of the fight.All and all, the game was goo for a couple of yucks, but ultimately is so frustrating to play, do to a lack of sufficient information from the game designer and buggy units that I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,245620,23834957,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Tassardar,Advantages:- Multiplayer mode- Better graphic- New army system- Discover system- Roads and transports change by years- Detailed division in constructionsDisadvantages:- Too many DLCs- Not worth buying without a discount- Not friendly to greenhands- Voters are crazy about stepping you downConclusion:It is not better in gameplay compared with Tropico4.But you will have a differrent experience.
76561198057908330,Recommended,245620,32981180,Posted: 29 June,all,HondaKi,"Bought this game during the 2017 summer sale. Am new to this type of game other than my childhood memories of playing SimCity. Been stuck to it for hours since I installed it. I like the graphics, particularly the animations of the people in the city. Overall, I enjoy the game very much. Recommend this to first timers to the series/genre."
76561198007430613,Not Recommended,245620,12949725,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Kansiov,"While the ""eras"" system is a plus, the lack of building variety and Islands compared to it's predecessor, abeit with DLCs, feels like a step forward and two steps back."
,Not Recommended,245620,16724705,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,allovuhsudden,This game is a disappointment. It lacks the depth of previous releases and retains only a fraction of its humor. The only improvement in this release is the grahpics and that is not enough to hold it together.
,Not Recommended,245620,20018694,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Mr. Turtle The Wall Builder,"In Tropico Game Play You!It's a meh title, seems like it lacks some buildings and is basically a base-game for DLC.You can't hold valuable resources like coal, uranium, or oil for state use. I import Uranium for my Nuclear Reactor and the Uranium passes through my economy and never makes it to the Reactor. I mine Uranium and most of it was sold on the market my entire country shut down because of a lack of options for a dictator.If they want to make a better Tropico game, make a game where you actually feel like you're telling people to get things done and not on a rollercoaster where you have no control over where even your resources go. Which a dictator would obviously have full control over, so I rate this game a fail because it does not capture what it claims to be. Other than a simple city building game where you just give people jobs and build an industry.Perhaps I'm missing something, I'll play it for a while longer but I don't have any optimism and will just squeeze some nominal fun out of it for the 9.99 price I bought it at.I give it a 5.7/10, but not worth picking up for full price if you already own Tropico 3.I barely recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,245620,17204422,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Panagean,"As a bit of a Tropico addict (the combination of silly political chicanery, toy-town construction and comparitive simplicity compared to other city builders), Tropico 5 is a waste of time compared to 4 or even 3. A slight graphical upgrade, but less content and virtually every new feature has an incredibly irritating dark side. The eras system essentially locks off 3/4 of the game's content for no justification and makes your old building redundant. Politics has been dumbed down in the extreme, making pleasing factions essentially a random process. Trading route economics means tedious micromanagement. The greater military focus means huge outlays for rebels that cannot seemingly be appeased or defeated, constant battles with seemingly random outcomes and incredibly important upgrades hidden in rarely-accessed menus. The campaign's focus on four islands means a nice sense of investment, but as every mission has to be playable on one of two choices, say hello to incredibly bland islands with pretty much every resource - and sod if you can guess which island would be best to play the subsequent mission in each era on, because you can't play more than one mission in each era per island."
,Not Recommended,245620,26262554,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,eXophobia,"This freaking game infuriates me so much!I bought it half a year ago, was sceptical at first as I saw the following in my first game: A whole family or rulers now? Great! ... wait that's the new Alamanac? Where this?. .. not here ... and where's that? not here either. Alot of graphs and stats that were useful in the past are completely gone and extremely dumbed down to the point of not getting any information out of it.And this trend of pro-cons continued. I find a new feature I like and at the same time am disappointed of not having a feature I'm very used to. Which comes especially appearent during fighting. T5 has ALOT more rebel invasions than T3 and T4, but as your avatar can't fight anymore and Rebels tend to be more agile at scattering and taking down your building than your soldiers are at keeping up and killing them, you usually lose every other fight. Possibly to the point of where you can't afford to rebuild those buildings and your economy breaking down after a few years of subsequent attacks.Anything you can do against this at this point? No - that's exactly the problem. Anything you could do costs ridiculous amounts of money (no problem in modern times usually, but if you advance through timelines you just don't have those 2000$ for each Rebel to execute them (if that's what you want).And at this point I severely miss features from previous games, especially propaganda mechanisms like from the News Paper, School System, possibly the Inquisition if need be (which you can have in this game for $$).so...many months pass and I forget my anger about this game. I remember fondly T3 and want to play some Tropico again. Install T5, can't remember why I didn't play this game more. Fast forward just one several hour lasting game session and my frustration reached unimaginable heights. Frustrated not because the game doesn't work the way I want it to, but because I tried and tried to like it. And there are many things I like in this game, features that I would dearly like to see in Tropico3. But this game here ... damn I wish I could return this trash."
,Not Recommended,245620,11705122,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Celador,"Developers took a few steps forward and a lot steps back on this. While graphics got better and the game seems to run faster they oversimplified every single existing feature and added few other equally simplified features like trading.Character creator remained nearly the same as in previous game, boring and simple. Power struggle improved a bit with an addition of invaders and towers, as well as more active rebels. New dynasty system basically results in up to 7 extra managers for your buildings with no personality whatsoever. Almanac provides less information than before and lacks any sorting features. Controlling building budgets got simplified and there are less buildings, as well as less variety of housing.I didn't really need a multiplayer feature and played only a few games online so i won't judge it. It did seem kinda slow however and i didn't enjoy playing it with my friend, since the game ended when he couldn't upgrade to a different age.I can recommend this for new players but unless they release major content patch or a free DLC - its not worth buying over Tropico 4."
76561198127575779,Recommended,245620,10433343,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Abalister,"As a city builder game fan, I have no idea why I was unaware of these series until 3 weeks ago... that's when I found Tropico 5. A great game for someone new to this series, it is easy and hard at the same time, the mechanics are great, the towns we create are awesome, especially when I try to build them organically. I love this game, I will check into the previous titles, I already got a copy of T4 Complete Edition. I just wish we had more diversity by having more campaigns, more buildings, harder achievements and better camera movement. Everything else is awesome. I'm not into the Multiplayer aspect, which can be fun for some players, but I prefer building cities and watching them evolve, and Tropico does just that but with political and economical twists! I love it."
76561198059672095,Recommended,245620,14999687,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,[Big God] Rama,1. Built army to stop rebellion2. Rebellion stopped3. Army does a coup and overthrows me 2 minutes later11/10
,Not Recommended,245620,10269454,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,☠ Asasin ☠,"I was enjoying this game. The music's good, the graphics look great, the new trade system is nice... But then I hit a wall: The game will not load past the loading screen on a campaign mission. I go to the forums, and other people are having the same issue. There's a workaround, but it's not working for everyone. And there's no official response from the developers on when or if they intend on fixing it. Other heavily advertised features of the game, such as Multiplayer, are locking up on players frequently. Oh, and it doesn't have a save functioon, so even if they do happen to make it some ways into the game, they gotta start from scratch if they have to leave. Still others complain that the game won't even start. Again, there are workarounds, but it should not be incumbent upon the consumer to find fixes for a ""finished"" game that was just so recently released.New games have bugs, I get it. I can understand the traffic glitch that forces your teamsters to get stuck, unable to transport  commodities to the docks for export and causing your economy to plunge. That's annoying, but it's an easy fix in game once you recognize it. I cna understand how trade ships might just magically disappear from your inventory, preventing you from utilizing them. Annoying, but you still at least have trade ships, and the computer freighters still come to export, so that's more of a minor inconvenience. I can even forgive them for forcing you to accept new immigrants at a steady speed even when you've indicated in your Constitution that the borders will be closed.But I can not understand how the developers decided it a releaseable product when players are unable to complete Sandbox missions because the game doesn't register that they've accomplished the primary objective on the mission. Or how they determined a final release should have a game breaking bug, the likes of which I haven't seen in a game of this budget since Big Rigs. I guess a 30% success rate on multiplayer matches making it through era changes was high enough by Kalypso's standards. And maybe that's why they didn't figure the mode needed saves; because no one makes it far enough.I want to recommend this game. It's got good potential; even though they reduced the total amount of buildings, and therefore functionality, from previous Tropicos; or put a heavier emphasis on the military's role without expanding on the mechanics behind the military units, forcing you to watch the horribly programmed AI duke it out and hope that your side wins.But at its current stage, I can not and will not recommend this unfinished garbage to anyone."
,Recommended,245620,10520429,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Walter Sobchak,Tropico 5's engine upgrades look and run great.  The core gameplay has been tweaked to include multiplayer and also to make the missions less repetitive.+ Multiplayer Tropico!  Much more fun than the Sim City co-op+ New edition of a dynasty feature in which you groom your descendents with skill upgrades and assignments.+ Have not noticed any game breaking bugs as of the v1.03 patch+ Foreign relations are more fleshed out in this release with more strategy involved+ Sandbox is still a great way to kill a lot of time- Most of the maps are very similar to the ones in Tropico 4- Mission objectives can still seem arbitrary and forced
76561197993532309,Not Recommended,245620,10478894,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Silvrdark,"When first diving in, Tropico 5 seems like a promising experience.  Unfortunately, you're going to bang your head against the concrete, because it just isn't that deep.  Verterans of Tropico 4, in particular, are going to find themselves looking for things that just aren't there.  Minor spoilers below:Pros: Tropico 5 sports some upgraded graphics and a couple of new game mechanics that work fairly well.  The timeline is expanded, and the game's main campaign does a decent job of fostering a sense of ""era"" and moving through history in a way that earlier installments in the series did not.  El Presidente now gets his/her own Dynasty, and the player has the option of training and leveling up several characters with different skill sets.  Any of these characters can be El Prez, while the others can be tasked as Managers to improve the efficiencies of buildings.Cons: Despite the upgraded graphics, Tropico 5 is just missing a lot of customization options that were taken for granted in 4.  Almost no building in the game has an alternate look, so housing blocks tend to look generic.  The decorative options are also fewer, and look much more ""cardboard"" when compared to Tropico 4's decorations.  Many building types have also been combined in ways that don't make sense.  I spent 30 minutes trying to figure out where the option to build a fire station was, only to find out this was an ""upgrade"" for my police station.Trade in Tropico 5 doesn't make much sense, period.  You can ""trade"" resources continually, but to get better prices for goods, you need a trade ship, which you obtain one at a time by building a dock.  Want 5 trade ships?  Build 5 docks.  The trade system scales poorly, has little information provided by the game HUD, and requires a fair amount of micormanagement.The character development and voice acting have definitely taken a big step down.  While Penultimo is reasonaby well done, the other characters in the story line are either flat or overdone.  The faction leaders from prior games (Sunny, Reverend Esteban, etc) are nowhere to be seen and there is no commentary to replace them.  If you want to know how a particular faction is feeling, you will find yourself constantly digging through the menus to do it.For veterans of Tropico 4 looking for a few hours of fun, pick this up when it goes on sale.  If you're new to the series, just go pick up Tropico 4 and skip this one."
,Recommended,245620,10214995,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Earl of Trollbridge,"Honestly speaking, this is my first time playing Tropico series. I am truly intrigued. You are El Presidente, basically, a dictator of a tropical island nation. As a dictator, the entire nation is under your control. The historical period of this game ranges from the colonial era to its modern counterpart. For each period there is one or two particular types of economic activities that are lucrative and beneficial. You always have to change your construction plan over time. For example, in the Colonial Era, plantations and ranches generate money but as the time passes on you can't count on those to fight the Great War. After the Cold War the space program and internet become crucial as well.It is not only a city construction simulation but a political one as well. You are the sole policymaker. You have to consider all aspects of your nation in terms of policymaking. Should I reduce the wages of the poor to gain public support? Should I use martial law to secure the position of my dynasty? Should I fight the Communists with the US or the other way around? This game is fancinating!"
76561198007270578,Not Recommended,245620,10231229,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Ranger one,"The scenery is there, the jokes are there, everything should be a repeat of the hilarity of running a banana republic through the  ages. But its not. The colonial times are the same missions and just auto repeat. Same partly with the world wars. The cold war era offers some variety with tourism. but there isnt enough buildings to make a fun resort. All in all.. they sacrificed the series soul in order to get mulitplayer. I hope it will be worth it for them, but for now, wait until this game goes on sale.. really cheap.. because thats the feeling i get from this game.. Cheap.."
76561197997688291,Not Recommended,245620,10415728,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,john.strohm,"Tropico 5 has some neat improvements, including research, moving through new eras, and some steps to reduce micromanagement of previous games.  But it's also got some game-crippling bugs that cause your buildings to stop working.Most importantly, the campaign is pretty short and takes place on the same 4 islands over and over. Your island carries through to the next mission, so if you beef it up before winning, the next mission will be a piece of cake, while if you struggle to win, you might doom yourself in the future. The whole thing can be finished in a weekend or two.My recommendation is to wait for a Gold Edition that comes out in a year and has all of the DLC they've planned, which I believe will include multiple campaigns."
76561198046747192,Not Recommended,245620,31051404,Posted: 9 April,all,WitchingSnake,The new way how it handles armies is very flawed sadly. The lack of control over military units breaks the game as opponents will attack the town on various locations forcing your units to either split or move around the whole map until its too late and so on. Your units also like to walk right into their demise.So yeah the military aspects of it break it. The rest has also rather made steps backwards than forward when compared to Tropico 4. The graphics are nice.
,Recommended,245620,13135755,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,dISCOmANN,"I loved Tropico 4, rule your own country, make your economy rise, satisfy your people, execute those in your way,♥♥♥♥♥♥off foreign countries and wave your nuke around to prevent them from invading. These are just some of the things you can do in the previous game and are still present in 5.But Tropico 5 changed in different ways, military became much more critical, forces are stronger thus stronger defense is required. Trade routes can be chosen and relations with foreign countries' relations affect these. You progress through time and things change even more than Modern Times DLC in 4. Housing is more interconnected with job salary and sometimes you experience problems but don't know the details until you see a detail that changes your prespective. The game provides a bigger mirror to the perspective of a dictator, things need to be watched more often and closely, you must be prepared and at the same time be able to adapt to the situations you must be watchful of such as civil unrest and the end of WWII.Everything got more difficult, more complex, in some cases worse than 4, I miss the old Penultimo, I missing allowing no rent to all residentials, I miss the diverse set of characters and more. But 5 had some things I really liked, the campaign was something I didn't expect and loved, the fact that you make your island grow and don't abandon it at the end of the episode makes you see how difficult it gets to run a country the longer it stays alive. You have multiplayer (which sucked earlier on until some updates) where you cooperate or kill each other with armies and resources. Military played a bigger role, both a good thing and a bad thing because I didn't give a damn about it til 5.Bottomline, Tropico 5 is like a more difficult version of 4, things need to be watched more often as the threat level of everything got more critical such as rebels, civil unrest and pirates and the campaign requires you to realize that you are NOT going to abandon your country and ALL problems you experience now WILL happen into the future unless YOU fix it while you can. Tropico 5 is a great game and I value it as I value 4 but in different ways.If you've played Tropico 4 and loved it as it is and don't want things to change, then stick with it. If you value a bigger challenge, a more complex way of playing it, a chance to compete with other dictators (heads up, few people go online anymore so find a friend) and to realize how difficult it is to manage your own lil island then go buy this, hell it's Steam anyway. Price too high? Steam Sale!"
,Not Recommended,245620,10222133,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Das Spartan,"This game is riddled with bugs, even after a day one patch. I have encountered numerous crashes during normal gameplay, and after the last crash none of my saves will load. Kalypso either has a QA department that doesn't know how to test PC games, or they rushed it out the door. They should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this in the condition its in."
76561198133727994,Not Recommended,245620,12519801,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Agora_Black_Flag,"I'm really disapointed in this game. 4 with modern times DLC is way better than this one and now they are trying to cash in on a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥DLCs. The constitution and tech tree are the only good parts of this game everything else was ruined from the factions to buldings to the awesome humor. They ruined Tropico as fast as it jumped into the spotlight. I will NEVER buy from them again.Do not buy, get 4 from a resale store and download the modern times DLC."
76561198027701962,Not Recommended,245620,10408116,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Hans__,"Yes, it seems like Tropico 3 and 4 may have been the peaks for this franchise - I too have been playing since the original. The game looks better but you certainly don't feel like you have the freedom to be a true dictator (fewer personality characteristics, PAINFULLY dumbed-down almanac, dumbed-down economic system, dumbed-down faction system, not enough edicts, etc.). It seems like they also brought alot of half-baked concepts into this game (research, trade, constitution,  etc. - all good ideas) whereas maybe they should have focused on just one of those concepts and made it really decent. What happened to our pre-election speeches? (We need MORE of those types of things).It's almost as if the game is under new mangement and that the management is out of touch with what has made the game such a great hit - we don't care so much about what El Presidente looks like, we want more gameplay freedom.We care about having a wider range of political and economic options so that we can tweak and abuse our little island nation for our purposes! Why can't we specifically control wages or rent prices anymore - what if I want a farmer to make twice as much as a doctor?As a fan of the franchise, I feel like #5 has simply taken several steps in the wrong direction - we needed a political and economic system that had even greater depth, not much, much less. It seems like the developers are getting carried away with the looks and zaniness of the game rather than the original concept of the game - that in which a control-freak dictator can run his island nation however he likes, with an endless array of customizable methods on how to do just that! Think Tropico 3 and 4 but with an even  greater range of economic and political freedom and abilities - we can't even place trees, fountains or intimidating statues anymore...Overall, a 4/10 - a beautiful game but not nearly the political and economic game it once was. I do like the addition of tanks, though. Also, the concept of trade deals is a good one but still seems not completely thought-out. I will be sticking with previous versions of the game to satisfy future dictatorial urges...I hope the franchise makes a 180 for the next release. Instead of making a good model even better, they seem to have tried to renovate the franchise, which, to me, is undermining what has made the franchise so good. I recommend it to those who are new to the franchise, but would further recommend previous versions."
,Not Recommended,245620,14872769,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,WelshRik,"As much as it pains me to say it - don't get this game. Tropico 4 was simply better. The campaign is just horrible, things don't seem to click liek they did in T4. This is only slightly different from T4, it's clearly the same engine, same characters, same somewhat purile humour, that's just losing it's charm. This game needs it's forehead slapped, and someone to yell 'THINK' at it, the fun is gone, the campaign is horrible, the roads are appalling, the transitions are ridiculous, the game isn't fun. I used to love Tropico, but won't be rushing to get the next installment I'm afraid. Stay clear, get Tropico 4 with all it's add ons, it's a much better game."
76561198113997885,Recommended,245620,28481746,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,MonkaS ↓ He smells ↓,"I find this game very interesting, As a Cities Skylines player, this game has a solid economics system, but a very interesting political system, which adds a lot of complexity to the game. It's challenging, fun, and is a lot of fun. If you like city builder games, you will love this game"
,Not Recommended,245620,10435901,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,tieio,"This game is okay but 4 is so much better. I've played the series from the beginning and must say this is my least favorite installment so far. It has some positives and negatives, here is a list (borrowd from user Nova ● mayroser 么 because I agree with his review):Positive:+Better graphics.+Longer play time.+New dynasty feature.+New trade route feature.+Better wars and riots.+Co-op feature.+Managers for buildings.+New eddicts.Negative:-Unsatissfying character creator.-Colonial era is boring.-There isn't many new buildings.-The happiness chart of classes are worse then Tropico 4.-New building menu is worse than Tropico 4."
76561197986848266,Recommended,245620,12492371,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,EDGE,"Tropico 4 > Tropico 5 ..... After several hours of gameplay, I can conclude that the newer version of this game lacks the depth that the previous version had.  Just my opinion though, I have more fun playing the previous version.  I sure hope there are updates or add-ons other than the relatively lame cheese tycoon.  I, however, recommend it."
76561198090124792,Recommended,245620,31524949,Posted: 3 May,all,Peraldo Jeromi,"In short, this is an enjoyable game. However, if you're considering getting it because you really liked Tropico 4, I would say stick with Tropico 4. There are a couple of ways that T5 improves upon T4, which I will list below, but for the most part T5 has fewer options and is less interactive - in short, far oversimplified. T4 is an overall better game.Pros:-Research that opens up possibilities during a specific age, as opposed to everything of that age automatically becoming available.-City planning made easier with a well-conceived grid that takes the guesswork out of building and road placement.-Military made more useful/necessary by increased rebel attack-rate when citizens unhappy (could be seen as a con, but it's just more incentive to try and treat your people well!)Cons:-Fewer building options.-Can't have multiple types of the same building with different specializations.-Adjusting wages is a hassle that should have a fix-all option (it does, but in my experience it does nothing).-Elections just happen, there's no chance to make a speech or anything.-Interactivity lessened by only featuring dialogue/quest options from major political figures, no longer interacting with movement figureheads, like the environmentalists or nationalists and so forth.There are other cons, but once again, they're all relative to Tropico 4, so if you haven't played Tropico 4 you'll think nothing of it. But I would just say that the pros of Tropico 5 can easily be sacrificed for the far superior Tropico 4."
76561197996209581,Not Recommended,245620,14980574,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,OwenStarkiller,"Unfortunately Tropico 5 is a blatent attempt to make money via DLC.  There is one island, limited buildings, limited interaction, and a complete lack of the previous offerings charm.The Product Manager for this release should be sumarily fired.  He has taken a lovely game and gutted it for a mirage of profit.  If it had been a great base game I would have bought the expansions willingly.  They didn't accomplish having a great base game.Worse, for some reason they ""listened to fans"" about dumbing the series down.  Who are these fans?  My casual playing wife who loved the 1-4 games was massively dissappointed in 5."
,Recommended,245620,34690352,Posted: 2 September,all,Parcimony,"I've always enjoyed the winking sense of humor in these games and Tropico 5 maintains the series' tradition with a goofy story for the main campaign that I was not expecting.  Gameplay is largely the same as previous entries - not a bad thing - with some added new buildings, edicts, and trade options.  One of the most notable additions is the family dynasty system and while I appreciated the added bonuses, they mostly come across as glorified managers.On the negative side, there is a blandness to customizing your Island and I noticed this the most in regards to tourism and entertainment.  I would have preferred a better variety of tourist attractions, and while there are several options for gardens, after a few rounds every Island ends up looking exactly the same.I also felt that the overlay system was woefully underdeveloped.  For a game that has many building providing services to local populations, the absence of a population denisty overlay seems like a big omission.  Having to use a separate menu to get to the overlays was also a big problem since selecting buildings would automatically select the overlay and take away your ability to cross-reference for planning (i.e. compare pollution to beauty).I enjoyed this new Tropico enough to finish the main campaign but after that, I wasn't really interested in downloading any of the DLC or playing in sandbox mode."
76561197961561030,Not Recommended,245620,10219382,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[79th] Squirrel,"Pros:More information to work with than Tropico 4. Huge perk.More intuitive processes (EXCEPT teamsters prioritize docks over factories needing local supply, that are right next door)better battles, military, etc.more resources (although no ""unlimited resources like in Tropico 4)can update buildings w/o destroying and starting overmore ""missions""/random eventscons:serious lack of building options (read: DLC to the face) - ultimately this is a deal-breakerterrible overlay systemtourism is no longer a money-maker, or even entertaining, due to lack of customizationsunwieldy placement abilitylack of end-game fun (unlike Tropico4)lack of edicts (1/4th of Tropico 4)Limited replayability (due to lack of customizations etc.)dynasty system is a joke (and they removed customization abilities of your dictators)final thoughts: this game is seriously unfinished, and I can only believe that the programers are rubbing their hands together thinking about all the extra money they will make via DLC. FInish your game and dont try to sell me piecemeal updates. At this time, while I still think the game is fun for 10-15 hours, I cannot recommend this game as is.  5.5/10"
76561198060626070,Not Recommended,245620,12600406,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Thomas The Train,"The game is good its not great its a new tropico which means there should be lots of new features that actullay make the game better and if they don't add lots of new features they can add in expansions but no they have to make these stupid add on's with a new mission and building and clothing instead give us better expansions with new features or make the features that the game already has  better with more options and just make this game better because i have found myself playing tropico 4 more than tropico 5 because there is more options in tropio 4 like more buildings,edicts and clothing"
,Recommended,245620,10457215,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,xskyestormex,Tropico 5 Gameplay: Part 1 ► Mission 1: A New Hope ! ◀ Tropico 5 Campaign Walkthrough and Tips [PC]  -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S0lCJMUBPs
76561197963437800,Not Recommended,245620,16530519,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Sitting Duck,"Seems like a much more limited game than Tropico 4.  I loved Tropico 4, but admittedly I bought it after all the DLC had been released.  Playing 5 after that feels like half a game, and the DLC in this new version is pretty unimpressive so far."
76561197969316316,Not Recommended,245620,14142027,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Morthill,"Game does not live up to the series. Over all the gameplay is still good, but the level design is completely crap. If you've made the wrong decision in level X, which you of course could not know back then, you will be screwed a few levels later, and all you can do is start over from scratch. Series has really hit rock bottom."
,Recommended,245620,11595736,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,MonsterTM,"Very fun in many ways. You can beat campaigns in your play style instead of it being very strict of how you have to play. Playing skirmish is always a new experience. Unfortunatly, multiplayer does not live to its expectation. I only played it to farmed a couple of achievements, and that was it. >.<9/10Enjoy ^-^"
76561198018917068,Not Recommended,245620,20980874,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Don Sumo,"The whole game series is going the total oposite direction, and that in every posible way, it has less content, less control over your city, the economy does whatever it pleases ( Sells wares you need for yourself like food or fuel for your power plants ), you can play it 2 diferent ways, u can keep everyone happy and loose money until bankrupcy, or you can earn money and think u have the population repressed until the military u got to defend you against rebels coup you, you could always try to keep your militants happy but then ur back at option 1 and loose since you cant choose who to keep happy, its all or nothing, defeat or death. then not to mention releasing half the game then demanding money to get the other half by calling it DLC`s its all just a big Flop`n Hoax. Buy Tropico 4 instead if you dont have it already, thats a real game :) this is not recomended in any way."
76561197986365521,Not Recommended,245620,23989446,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Diarrhea Cactus,"Tropico 5 just never hit it home like the predecessors in the series have.  At first it seemed like a direct copy of 4 with some features either added or removed.  I want to like this game but there are so many things just holding it back, chiefly the DLC spam fest that this company has set forth with this game.  Tropico 3 and 4 had similar DLC but not to the extent that this game has.  Another issue I have with the game is the poor optimization for OS X.  While I used to have a windows box and will be building a new one, I am on OS X for the time being and the game just runs terrible for the specs listed.  If I turn off grass everything magically improves, why even bother porting it if you are going to do a half♥♥♥♥♥job?Tropico 5 also removed some of my faovrite characters from the 4th, while this isn't necessairly bad, Pinultimo was changed for the worse in my opinion.  Other things follow but they are all small but add up to my dissatisfaction.  But, on to the things that I like about the game.One of the biggest changes that I enjoy was the ability to play with a friend on the same island.  This introduced  mechanic that lets you play relaxed and have a good time while subjugating or liberating your people.  Additionally, some of the newer buildings are nice as well as the other options they added to the edicts. The graphics haven't improved much but they are still decent, if anything they enhanced the color.Overall, the game's performance issues despite having way more than the recommended settings, removal of key character voice acting, terrible pathing of the military (they seemingly walk past rebels in the way to get to their destination), the money solves everything mentality, and much more ruined the game for me.  I won't be coming back to Tropico ever again.  Tropico 1,2,3,and 4 are fantastic and something to enjoy but the buck stops here in the series for me.  Your milage may vary but I find the continual rehashing of the same thing getting old.  I also find that the pay for features that should have been part of the game concept undesirable."
,Not Recommended,245620,16445337,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dr. Eastwood,"If you've played Tropico 3&4 you'll see that this is functionally a big reskin of both of those. They have yet to add any new real mechanics to the experience, and most of what has been lost from those previous titles now returns as DLC. Boooooo I was very disappointed when I purchased this game at full price only to see the lengthy DLC schedule for it.It really is the same game, with the same frustrating wandering agents and bad vehicle path utilization. And for that, I cannot recommend you buy it."
76561198190710127,Recommended,245620,35029114,Posted: 17 September,all,aubergine18,"Was very disappointed when game first came out - laggy and lacking in content. Decided to try again when it was on sale and bought all the DLC and now really like it. They've improved performance, the hard 2000 pop limit is now adjustable (up to 10k pop) and with all the DLC it finally feels like a complete game. If you're not intending to buy all the DLC, go for Tropico 4 instead IMO."
76561198085633967,Not Recommended,245620,10223435,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,cpm4001,"As a connisseur of loading screens and menus, this game has without a doubt the best ones in the Tropico series! Would like to know how the game plays, but unfortunately...Pros: Great menus and loading screens!Cons:  Kalypso didn't bother to consider that not everyone has a top-of-the-line graphics card, and didn't make that need clear when offering this for pre-order.Sum-up:  Got a great computer? Enjoy the game! For the rest of us? Enjoy Tropico 4. Last time you get my money, Kalypso."
,Not Recommended,245620,13660744,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Urbanvixen,"This game lacks the humour, charm and many of the options and features of previous iterations. The trade-off? A family-structure called 'dynasties' which doesn't actually affect the gameplay much, a minor graphics upgrade... and some very very pretty loading screens. Now I understand why this game feels emptier than its predecessors; updates. They are 'updating' this game as they go. Whilst this may seem like a boon; a gift; a nice thing they are doing, the fact is that the game I paid for was not worth the money if you owned previous iterations. This is not labelled as a Greenlight or Early Access game, but compared with previous Tropico games that is what it feels like. Perhaps Tropico 5 will become even better than past iterations, eventually, but with this sad precedent the company have screwed themselves. I will not bother paying release price for their games again, and I highly recommend that you do not either, Ignore this game for  another 6 months, and maybe they will update it enough to be worth the price tag. But whatever you do, don't pay the full £35."
,Recommended,245620,26093517,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,keef the nazbol reindeer,i enjoy growing and selling bananas and murdering political enemies
,Recommended,245620,20162424,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Can_DougieBoy,"Not as good as Tropico 4. I found the controls and minor changes they made to this game compared to Tropico 4 are annoying. They beefed up the graphics, but it made it harder to look at with the fog and depth of field.I paid full price for this when it came out, just to go back to Tropico 4 which I got in a Steam Sale for $5 with all the DLC included.You'll have to choose if this game is right for you or not."
76561197994385804,Not Recommended,245620,10222231,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,bountyfox,"I've loved the tropico series, four was fantastic.  five? lacks the same charm in so many ways, my biggest problem is with the colonial age era.. it feels poorly tacked on, there is little to do during it and they didn't even bother putting period matching music in it. The research system is very boring, rather then letting you unlock differant bonuses to buildings and improve the things you have.. it's just a system to ever so slowly dole out the same buildings you had in tropico 4, The Voice actors were universaly bad, the comments didn't seem as witty, Much of the customization from building to building that the earlier games had was striped out nearly entirely.. as was the customization for your ruler. rather then dozens of ""perks"" flaws and other attributes to pick from and play with, you get to select one of like six. the dynasty system also is as pointless as boring. despite what they hinted it prerelease.. you don't age and die and have to be replaced by one of your family.. you just put a differant perk on each ""tool"" and elect the one that currently best fits what you want. not that the abilities matter a great deal. Decorative items have been stripped out so no more creating visualy pleasing cities. nor can you jail criminals. All and all the game feels like Tropico 4, if it had been lengthened out in size, and stripped of a fair ammount of content to ""streamline it."" I was disipointed by the game.  im sure a flood of DLC will be coming to slowly rectify the situation. but unlike with tropico 4 I don't feel the urge to buy it.. honestly I felt like one of the Factory Farm livestock from it. shoved in a small pen and shoveled this ""Corn"" to make them money."
,Not Recommended,245620,10213885,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,[Ball Bagger] foomanchu,Crappy DirectX 11 requirement.  Stay away if you don't have the neccessary hardware.  M$ shills.
,Not Recommended,245620,15127774,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,alc(low),"Seems like it was just thrown together lazily, missing features like a windowed mode, fullscreen only.Repetitive gameplay, and I really mean repetitive, it just constantly resets what you've done to scratch.Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awful"
76561198021345592,Not Recommended,245620,17584072,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Eachna,"I won't recommend this game to anyone. It's stripped even from Tropico 4, which already had complexity slashed compared to Tropico 3.I purchased the game and DLC purely to support it being ported over to lInux, and I made sure to spend a month playing it on linux so steam would track the right metrics. However, it's really not ""worth"" playing.When I want my Tropico fix I play Tropico 3."
,Not Recommended,245620,25741850,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,♰ Morslyte ♰,"Unfortunately this game is nowhere near as good as was Tropico 4 and earlier editions. Severely lacks costumisations, unbalanced in terms of popular support and need of buildings, way too many rebel attacks and the gameplay is now dull and lack many of the things that charmed the earlier versions of Tropico. The dynasty was a nice addition but simply failed to deliver, the members never die, you rarely receive new heirs, etc.On the good side it has become a bit more difficult to become economically advanced."
,Not Recommended,245620,13963359,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Human,"Is this a good game? Yes, it actually gave me a few hours of fun before it dried out.Do I recommend this above any other city builder?Not at all.I have enjoyed playing both Tropico 3 and 4, not because of the unbelievably easy AI as seen in 5, but because of the ability to control my city and fix its problems. Tropico 5 not only shields you from changing your laws in less than 28 months, but linearly guides you on what to build next. In previous titles, missions were an optional thing that you could participate in, depending on the mission. But, in Tropico 5, say the communists want you to build them a row of 15 houses; you now have to option to cancel the mission, causing the communists to hate you literally for the entire game, OR, you can go into national debt by building the houses, and have a nice little +1 boost to happiness.This prevents players from building the island nation of their dreams, and instead they get a moshpit of infighting communists, capitalists, and acoholic religious zealots. But, don't worry, you can fix the opinions of EVERYBODY for the new DLC called Waterborne, at the low cost of $40! You get off-shore oil derricks for the capitalists, more coastal homes for the commies, and the religious--well, you can get alongside a future character creator expansion for only $15.Seriously, though; every month it seems that features that should have been in the game already are released as DLC bundles. If you look closely, you can see that, in the time of the game's original release, it was coded so that future DLCs would plug right in; before the off-shore oil derricks, we had off-shore oil deopsits visible. Why? Because monehs.The game with every DLC is a good game, but until Kalypso stops dicing off features and putting on a price tag for all of them, do NOT buy this. My final verdict is a petty 3/10.5/24/2015 Edit:I finally came back to the game to see if they had added anything in new patches; all I got was four new DLC's. Expect Tropico 6 to be even sketchier; maybe we will have a one-time 10 population boost for the price of a $5 gem pack.Everybody, go home, back to Tropico 4; this was a bust.6/4/2015 Edit:I laughed this morning when I opened Steam to find Kalypso gave me the Green DLC for free.I now completely change my mind about this game and the developers, they are so generous by giving me their cheapest DLC for free. 11/10 would be bribed again"
,Recommended,245620,10989655,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jippy,10/10 would brutally murder 70% of the population again to win the election. Mardi Gras madafaka
,Not Recommended,245620,29528902,Posted: 27 January,all,onurtheagha,"I really tried to like this game because Tropico 4 was one of my favourites and I couldn't after 25 hours of playing. There are some cool features like eras and technologies but they are not enough. Most of the game mechanics went backwards when they should have improved. People live in shacks when they can live in an apartment, they walk coast to coast to get to work instead of driving, battles are♥♥♥♥♥♥etc. I couldn't enjoy and I can't reccomend as a fan of Tropico 4."
,Not Recommended,245620,22612592,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,JoeSunCity,"Too many rebel attacks, they are constant and completely annoying. Even when you have over 70% approval rating, you still get 5 divisions of rebels who are able to destroy TANKS!! I went back to playing Tropico 4 after being totaly frustrated with this version."
,Recommended,245620,12242211,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,ColeYote,"Eh, it's a bit underwhelming. Don't get me wrong, it's a good game, but Tropico 4 is one of my favourite games of all time, and this... it's a slight step up at best. Liked the new progression mechanics, but you just don't get as much of a sense of control, which is kinda one of the draws of playing a city sim as a stand-in for Fidel Castro. Additionally, there aren't as many characters to interact with and advise you and whatnot, I'm not too fond of Penultimo's new voice and there aren't as many building types (as far as I can tell)."
,Recommended,245620,11327376,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,GG Alien,"When Fidel Castro took over Cuba and threatened the U.S. with nuclear weapons it had people all over the world in shock and utter fear. However when El Presidente was randomly given a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ island the size of my local Wal-Mart he established a new nation that would somehow become a major factor on the world stage. Despite only having a revenue of $5,000 every couple of months Tropico was a country not to be messed with for they had a whopping army of 10 soldiers. The country had a large population, estimated to be around 100 civilians. Everyday El Presidente would randomly order his troops to attack random citizens in order to create lolz on his bland island. For some reasons tourism is very popular on Tropico despite the random mass-murders, an extreme lack of liberty and complete corruption of the government. So far every attempted invasion on Tropico failed due to the extensive defense system of guard towers. So far Tropico's education system is a bit outdated with only 7 students attending the local high school and the college destroyed by a volcano located on the island 500 feet away from the main town. Tropico is a country not to be ♥♥♥♥ed with."
,Recommended,245620,12864936,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,TekDragon,Kalypso has listened to the player-base and added a population slider to the game. I am switching my review to recommend and using this as a place-holder until I have the time to do a full review.
,Not Recommended,245620,35322232,Posted: 29 September,all,Macho Man Randy Savage,Servers go down without warning just lost a 3 hour game thanks♥♥♥♥♥holes not like you could put out a warning . . . Or atleast let us have LAN games or auto saves.
76561198008592584,Not Recommended,245620,10216957,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Stillaute,"T5 is the typical lame re-iteration of a great game. The game designers took what worked very well and made it more difficult to enjoy.  Wait till they patch this mess a few times before you buy it. If you buy this game NOW your'e merely fueling game designers  ""gotchas""."
76561197963027367,Not Recommended,245620,10228556,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mokkun,"I would rather recomand buying Tropico 4 than Tropico 5.Sure its graphics are a bit prettier but:Many buildings have disapeared, some have been mushed together as upgrades to other. eksample is Firestation is a upgrade to Policestation.Buildings like windmill is gone,Jokes are worse.Music no longer have some tracks whit vocals.The radio host is a sexcrased maniacNo control to use el Prez to boost buildspeed/productionGame is a huge step down from Even the First Tropico game.Do not buy."
,Recommended,245620,32061880,Posted: 30 May,all,Buberts,"Male only vote, professional army, Axis approval - 100, Allied approval 0. Join Axis!"
,Not Recommended,245620,11350433,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,[37@$0L]STIGMA_TAHAIM,"Big tropico fan, but they've really taken the♥♥♥♥♥♥with this one.This is NOT a finished game, the amount of bugs is enormous, and despite claiming to have fixed certain bugs, they still persist. I got tired of replaying the same level again and again just because my teamsters get stuck in a building.Seriously, not recommended."
76561197964232046,Not Recommended,245620,10351277,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Rainbow Droid,"I'm completely gutted that Tropico 5 is such a terrible game. I've been a fan of the series who followed every release back to the original Tropico, and in the week leading up to the Tropico 5 release (of which I pre-ordered a 4-pack) I replayed Tropico 2 : Pirate's Cove through for about the 30th time. Old graphics, a few annoying design flaws, but even in 2014 still a spectacularly fun game, just like Tropico 1, Tropico 3, and Tropico 4... but not Tropico 5. For the first time in the history of the Tropico series we've got a new Tropico game released that is not only not a fun game, it isn't even a Tropico game. Packed with bad design decisions, content compromises, and maddeningly simplified with console limitations/mainstream stupidity in mind, for the first time in Tropican history we've got a game that can't be fixed with patches because the base game is so incredibly, irreparably broken. Tropico 5 is a corporate ""game-by-committee"" insult to each and every fan of both Poptop's original Tropico creation and Heinimont's mostly-faithful torch-bearing continuation of the series since then. It's a bad game, badly designed, falsely advertised, and will never become a proper Tropico game without a complete overhaul of every design mechanic of the strategy gameplay.Let's begin with the interface. Gone is the functional and useful interface we all know and love, with the traditional Tropico feel, intuitive layout, plenty of options, and helpful tooltip popups for every sub-menu or screen. The layout for Tropico 5 is much simpler, missing many important screens, with less information on every screen, and with almost no tooltip popups on any screen. Building upgrades no longer have any graphical representation, and the upgrades aren't located on the primary building screen, so you're forced to tediously check every single upgradeable building on your island with 2 mouse clicks on parts of the screen that are never near each other. This is unforgivably tedious and by itself makes the micromanagement of Tropico 5 unbearable beyond words, especially considering that buildings freshly built or destroyed in disasters revert to the default settings, necessitating constant micromanagement of every single building on the island.What about the lack of content? Tropico 5 advertises, even to date, ""Choose from over 100 buildings from each of the individual eras."" This is false advertising. Counting all the buildings up I can only come up with 91 total, and that includes every building from all the eras. Maybe campaign mode has a few unique buildings used only in the campaign, but I never saw any, and even then there's no way to get ""over 100 buildings from each of the individual eras."" I count 91 buildings in Tropico 5 and 117 in Tropico 4, so this is simply false advertising. No way around it. Furthermore, every Tropico fan who owns Tropico 5 will be quick to tell you why they lied about it: tons and tons of vital and important buildings and even building types are missing from Tropico 5. Take just one example: Prisons. In Tropico 4 you had Jail, Labor Camp, and you could turn the colonial fort into a dungeon for your personal dictatorship needs. Tropico 5 has no prisons or even a concept of jail. You cannot arrest anyone in Tropico 5. Crime is reduced to an overlay and a happiness number, and occasionally you see Crime Lord characters appear in the game that you can have a marginal interaction with. By marginal, I mean Bribe, Banish, Kill, or Discredit, the same 4 actions you have available for you to deal with every single island inhabitant in the game. To quote someone from the forum, ""How does El Presidente run a dictatorship without prisons?"" To heavily belabor this point, what about salt mines, fire stations, radio stations, wind power, solar power, and condos? ""How does El Presidente run an island paradise without condos?"" Why is there only one type of restaurant, ""Restaurant"", when Tropico 4 had ""Restaurant"", ""Gourmet Restaurant"", ""Ship-O-Rant"", and ""Cosmic Pin"", all of which were better rendered, described, and implemented?This brings me to the graphics of Tropico 5, the major selling point of the game, yet still underwhelming and poorly implemented. Tropico 5 requires DX11 for reasons that I can only describe as dishonest. It doesn't need DX11 or any of the hardware functions implemented therein, and the official excuse for the requirement, and I directly quote from the official Tropico 5 Steam forum, ""The game and engine were redesigned from scratch as was requested by many players"", simply does not hold water. Tropico 5 is coming to XBOX360 soon, an old console that is only DX9 slightly extended, and in such context the publisher/developer excuse can be clearly viewed as PR nonsense meant to cover up the fact that Tropico 5 is a functional disaster. The graphics aren't very good, there are only a few high end features added on near the end of the development cycle purely for marketing window dressing, and tessellation, if implemented, has been implemented so poorly that it renders the overall graphic package functionally of a lower quality than Tropico 4. HBAO/SSAO simply can't cover up bad design, and forcing the DX11 requirement on top of the substandard graphics is just insulting.The biggest success of the Tropico series was always in the gameplay, and the gameplay is where Tropico 5 fails the most spectacularly. To understand the level of failure you have to understand how previous Tropico games were successful. In Tropico 1/3/4 you started with a few people, a palace, a couple farms, maybe a tenement, and a blank slate to design a society. If you wanted a peasant serfdom that you ruled through fear of your military might you had many avenues through which to engineer this society, any the effectiveness of your approach was purely determined by how well you engineered your economy, balanced competing concerns, and reacted to changing circumstances. As one example, you could focus on mining, pay the miners/police/military high wages, and give the finger to everyone else, dominating and controlling their lives through fear, imprisonment, labor camps, many detailed and useful edicts, and even through pathing and placement of buildings (indeed, in Tropico 2 the latter is essential for accomplishing ANYTHING). Now what can you do? The budget tool replaces rent/wages/cost and a lot more, and since it only has 5 positions, you've got no subtlety to your economic engineering. Low means low EVERYTHING: rent, wages, maintenance cost, production output, housing quality, etc, etc, etc. Same for high, which functionally turns the budget 5-way into a Win/Lose slider.For all intents and purposes, Tropico 5 is not actually a Tropico game at all. Tropico was always a social engineering game, and in Tropico 5 you do not have the necessary tools to engineer your desired society... or ANY society. All you can do in Tropico 5 is build, react to popups, and set the 5-way Budget selector (the Win/Lose slider) to ""Win"" on every building that you build. It's really that simple, and there's no room to do much else. You could always set the Win/Lose slider to ""Lose"" I suppose. There's no way to win or lose creatively when there is not an underlying framework governing the simulation. Simcity 5 proved this very clearly, and Tropico 5 insists on following in those same pointless, infuriating footsteps. The fact that someone found 10 DLC confirmed titles listed in the launch config files says it all. Tropico 5 is a greedy, absolutely cynical cashgrab for mainstream/console gaming dollars and it throws away almost every good idea that brought the series this far. Spending 108 dollars to pre-order a 4-pack of this worthless game is a watershed moment in my 34-year-old life as a computer gamer. If you can't trust Tropico, who can you trust?"
,Recommended,245620,12331262,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Prince of NepNep,"A nice update from the previous titles in the series, this one new graphics and mechanics to make the experience new again. The campaign itself is very enjoyable as it takes place over several ages where you begin in the colonial time and progress to new periods as the campaign progresses.Some of the new mechanics involve the economy, as you can now select specific commodities to import and export, granting you the ability to buy low and sell high, while also allowing you to target industries you'd normally lack resources to develop. Other changes also include military buildings also producing different kings of military units (e.g., Army Bases result in 3 tanks per base), which makes military expansion more strategic compared to the previous interations.Also with this version is the inclusion of Online Multiplayer, which unfortunately, I have not been able to participate in.Should you buy?-----------------------------Very much so. This is a fun macro-oriented city builder that provides an enjoyable experience. If you are a person who is compelled to buy DLC, then I suggest waiting for sales or special editions that bundle all the DLC together."
,Recommended,245620,23026820,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Kim Jong Il,"I think this would be great if you bought it and it already came with the water expansion. This is a great game but if you want a modern version of Tropico I suggest buying Tropico 4 with the modern times expansion because Tropico 5 is already modern but costs more money. By all means though, I suggest this game and you can buy it if you want."
76561198032571498,Recommended,245620,13473347,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,SolFlare,"Tropico 5 does everything that 4 did, but now its better, more balanced and the eras really lend to a dynamic game.  It is a worthy successor to the series."
,Not Recommended,245620,17523368,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Scream,"Not a bad game, but I'm voting no for two reasons:1.) Vanillas Tropical 3 and 4 are both more substantive games. Had these not existed, this would be a thumb's up. As it stands, you'd get more for your money from either of those.2.) The incessant DLC. Don't get me wrong; I'm not against DLC. Make money for the devs, more content for us. But, for $4 apiece, you're getting a scenario, a costume, and one building. The costumes, for the most part, suck. The scenarios are okay for a one-off (though, generally speaking, sandbox is MUCH more entertaining). The buildings usually aren't substantive enough to stand on their own.Basically, if they bundled 2-3 of the DLCs and sold the bundles for $5, it'd be much more worthwhile."
76561198037960380,Not Recommended,245620,10213261,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,fj42,"Requires DX 11.  Would be nice to know before, purchase, unstall and then finding the forums are full of complaints."
,Not Recommended,245620,10225696,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,pdq88bVictor,Not nearly as good as tropico 3/4.
76561197999092406,Not Recommended,245620,18847500,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[br] FuckingShit MFucker,"This game is incomprehensible. It does not provide you with the necessary information to understand what you are lacking in your country. And the little information it gives is of no use or incomprehensible. You need to search the internet to find out how to do stuff, because nothing in the game points you in the right direction. I don't want a game I need to research how to play it before I go playing."
,Not Recommended,245620,19447567,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,rakista,"Game is a dumbed-down Tropico 4 with a frustrating campaign mode that uses an ill-defined dynasty system that allows no restarting of islands for the entireity of the campaign.  This is one of the worst city building experiences I've ever had.Half of all of the overlays are gone.  From population density to job happiness, all gone.  If you want to place a house you now need to manually get out the beutification overlay before placing it.  This game feels like a console game, not a pc game."
,Recommended,245620,10331600,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Chungus McHungus,"Roads flew into the sky, and cars still drove on them.11/10"
76561198113962163,Not Recommended,245620,35306665,Posted: 29 September,all,Zero Fucks Were Given,"I don't understand how this game has positve reviews. It is completely broken. With that being said it has a ton of pros and had massive potential but it is just to unrealistic. 4 rebels wipe out an entire army? everytime? literally no matter what I do I get rebel attacks constently and retlenlessly, you have to play in sandbox mode with every setting on easy for this game to even seem remotely realistic. I considered at first that maybe I am just brain dead and really suck at this game but after 50 hours and trying countless different stratigies the same thing happens every single time, I am not wasting any more of my time on this."
,Not Recommended,245620,10225232,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bulu Ayam,cant play it. lol directx 11 problem
76561198005079603,Not Recommended,245620,17198785,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Captain Seasick,"Would I recommend this game? To anyone? Even my most hated enemies? No. That's the answer to all of the preceeding questions. Why, you ask? Now that's an answer that's more elaborate.Tropico is fun, don't get me wrong, but the fun you have with Tropico is the kinda fun you have while drunk or stoned. The kinda fun you have looking at a picture of a badger. It's not fun by sober standards, but when you're smoked outta your skull, it's hilarious.What I'm getting at here is that you pretty much need to be smashed or high to find Tropico thoroughly enjoyable. Unlike actually GOOD city-builder games, like SimCity 4, Cities: Skylines or hell, even Banished, you have ZERO control over ANYTHING in Tropico. You can build stuff. Whoop-dee-♥♥♥♥♥ety-doo. That is IT. That's ALL you get to do in Tropico.Enemies invading your turf? Your soldiers'll take care of that automatically. Built a new cluster of nice mansions and want to keep your elite soldiers away from living in them? Sorry, schmuck, but you can't do that. Want to make sure that your precious and EXTREMELY FINITE iron makes it to your weapons factories instead-a just getting exported for a shïte sum of pennies and dimes? BZZT! Wrong answer! You're not allowed to suspend exports either.Simply put, you can't control ANYTHING in Tropico, and that INEVITABLY leads to disastrous results. Maybe not this month, maybe not this year, but eventually, you'll run out of iron for your weapons factories or crude oil for your refineries, and your high-end exportation will come to a grinding halt because you simply can't tell your ♥♥♥♥♥twäts of a population to göddämn STOP SELLING SHÏT FOR TINY SUMS OF CASH.Ironically, many people laud this game for its simplicity. Those people are idiots. A city-building game should NEVER, EVER, sacrifice control for ease-of-use. Cities: Skylines is a good example of how to strike a decent-enough balance between simple-to-play without shaving off player control to an absolute minimum.So, to summarize: would I recommend this game? No. I would not. It's not worth even one FRACTION of the asking price on Steam, and the DLC-whöring? Yeah, no, that shït's not gonna fly with me. Simply put, this game series peaked with #4, and it rapidly went downhill with #5. It's not worth buying, not even for 0.99, and it's barely worth playing at all. Avoid it. 2.3/10"
,Not Recommended,245620,26648103,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,NullaPax,In my opinion your better off with Tropico 4.This is like a poorly thought out rip-off with slighty better graphics.
,Not Recommended,245620,10228113,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Luciforged,"The layout and changes to the game are somewhat uncomforting, I felt like they had a good base to work with in Tropico 4, and they seemed to remove alot of the features from that one or change how you interacted with them. Everything feels hollow, finding information is unclear or very basic. Could not control my avatar anymore either. Some of the tourists voice acting is HORRIBLE, esp males. I can not recommend this game in it's current state. I'd stick to Tropico 4 for now.I do like the constition options, and the research tree, everything just needs to be more fleshed out and given more personality. I would have gladly spent 10 dollars more if it meant the quality was up to 4 during its release."
,Not Recommended,245620,14479152,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Validis,"Seems to be exactly like Tropico 4. They even use the same ol' artwork and portraits. Only difference I can really see is that  it has a basic dynasty customization. (pretty much what you see in the screenshot is it. it's basic). Oh, and they seem to have taken away any form of building variation.Once you have built one estate of housing and amenities, it's all downhill from there."
76561198057085103,Not Recommended,245620,14759156,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,grunkibis,"imagine having to repeat senior year in high school depite all A's, honor roll, and graduating... in this case from the prior gem, version 4.  This version is the exact same thing without the fun.  too many ways to trap yourself down the timeline on a prior bad, usually just ignorant, building decision.  so where in 4 i didnt mind occasionally restarting or going back to an autosave realizing i could fix something, in this version its all the time.  you could blame me, sure... but having done 4 a couple of times and all the wonderful user maps downloads - this game has no fun to it any more...dont buy any Tropico game until the next release comes out.  as they correct and complete the game it will be called DLC.  so anyone whom buys the first release is buying 70% of the game, then over the  next 12 months the close to 30% full game gets distributed.  i loved Tropico 4 because i bought it late and in an on sale complete DLC and game package.   if 5 has any chance then wait for that same disty type.  Buy 4 over this version regardless, if its about fun and your human time...they are going to have to kill this series and reboot the franchise to avoid the 'same old same old' - after this review i am uninstalling version 5 and reinstalling version 4 just thinking about it."
76561198008370133,Not Recommended,245620,25872558,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,stblade,"Being a huge fan of the Tropico series, I was itching to get Tropico 5.  When  it came on sale, I pounced on the chance to get it.What to make of this release of the game....There is a large improvement graphics wise, with the islands and the buildings looking really good.  What is sad is that a lot of the building animations was somehow ""cut"" from the game. In Tropico 4 if you upgrade any of the buildings with skylights or aircons you could see the building changing with these add-ons.  Animations in the pubs and restaurants was also much better in T4, you could see people entering the building and sitting at the tables.  Largely there are no such small detailed animations on buildings in T5.There is really a lot to do in the game.  I like the improved economics system, where you can set up trade routes with better pricing for some of your resources and goods.  There is also now a constitution where you can set the type of community that you build.  This is also one of the things that you cannot really see the changes easily, eg. One of the viewable difference is when you select professional military.  Doing that I had all my soldiers abandon their posts in exchange for soldiers with High School training.The introduction of a timeperiod type of system is nice, but it can at times be a pain especially early in the game.  Especially when you have to please the king with a lot of stuff just so that your reign could be extended for another couple of months.  As soon as you get past this era your are back to elections and keeping your people happy.  Some of the buildings also change according to the timeperiod eg. The docks change the crane and the type of ships that dock.Another annoying feature in the game is the building/people cards.  In Tropico 4, you could see all the information of the building on the card, even the people visiting the buidling.  The people cards had detailed info on what they needed as well as the tourist cards.  This information is lacking in Tropico 5, sadly...The campaign part of the game is a 50/50 parcel.  You only play over 2 islands during the campaign.  Each of the missions build on the previous one.  So if you build up a good economy on your island in the previous mission you will carry over that advantage for the next mission in the campaign.  BUT....  You only get to play that island for one mission!!  Beware if you do not spend enough time in building a good economy on both of your islands!!!  You then have to select the poor island for a troublesome mission and it will see you failing that mission over and over.  I ran into that problem to the point of rage quiting in the end.Having given the multiplayer a try, I can hardly say anything about it.  Still trying to get a game to play with someone else, where the game does not quit because of different versions of the game.  Will have to try it again at some point.So what is the verdict??   This is a nice looking game, with some nice changes, but I think Kalypso where not quit sure if their were trying to follow the Anno type games or trying to create a different Tropico.  For me Tropico 4 is a way better island gaming experience than Tropico 5.  So if you have never played any of the Tropico franchise and you get this in the bargain bin, give it a try.  If you love the Tropico series, rather stay with Tropico 4.Special note to the dev's:  I would love to see a new Tropico Pirates Cove, please!!!  Had endless fun with that one!!"
,Recommended,245620,33092340,Posted: 1 July,all,gajah_ndhekem,"A good way to combine city building and politics, though the city building part is not as detailed as Cities Skylines as the game was probably developed to focus on the policital aspects, especially the fun part of becoming a dictator. You can always choose to become a dirty or a clean politician, whith whom do you want to create a partnership and trade. The economic management part is pretty interesting, regarding the production chain and the trade activity."
,Recommended,245620,24836614,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Triglypton,"A great, fun, member of an excellent series of city/island building games.So far I've only played the main campaign and 1 of the DLC campaigns, but I've definitely had a good experience working my way from a primitive island to a thriving carribean metropolis. Very happy with my purchase.It's a great citybuilder, and unlike a lot of games I've played, it manages the eras well, so you definitely get an island that you have to build up."
,Recommended,245620,11774766,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ChanceV™,Amazing game just the multiplayer is just to laggy after the colonial age.
76561198000897853,Not Recommended,245620,17686994,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,NoLandForOtherCountries,"I have owned every Tropico game ever, and while I have had my share of gripes with all of them, I was excited when I heard about Tropico 5, and really, really, wanted to like this one, but between the complete lack of sensible military strategy and the ridiculous DLC prices for what-should-have-been-released-as-updates, I cannot recommend the game, even at 75% discount."
76561198083421291,Not Recommended,245620,10329370,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,TheRealBurtClifton,"Maybe it's because I was spoiled by its predecessor (which you can't help but compare it to), but I found Tropico 5 very disappointing. The first thing you notice - right off the bat - is it lacks the charm and personality of the Tropico series. While Penultimo returns as hilarious as ever, all your old friends like Reverend Esteban, El Diablo and the Mighty Chinese Dragon (who's hungry for your goods) are conspicuously absent. As such, factions and foreign powers feel like numbers on a page instead of personalities.The campaign is way too short with way too little variety. You can grind through it (fairly effortlessly) in a few days, during which you'll get to play on four islands. That's right. FOUR islands. Two of which are basically the same. As for the running of Tropico, in pandering to the needs of the crown, the people and the powers that be, you get the feeling of being a thankless civil servant rather than being a power-mad dictator in love with his own reflection, as was the case in Tropico 4.While the implementation of Dynasties was a great idea - in theory - it was lacking in execution. Instead of three traits, now you only get one per Dynasty member. And a grand total of about four or five costumes. Thinking about sending el Presidente to a construction site to speed things up, or a building to boost service? Think again, as the option to do so is gone.On the positive side, it *looks* nice. But as it's a Tropico game (and not a super-realistic bro-shooter), it doesn't really need to. If anything, the mandatory DX11 requirements have screwed a lot of people out of playing it in the first place. I'll have to double check, but I could swear the background music (with a couple of exceptions) is the same re-heated soundtrack from Tropico 4. Come on, folks. There's a wealth of Calypso/Carribean/Latin music to choose from. Get a LITTLE creative!In summary, I REALLY wanted to like this game. I really did. Tropico 4 is still one of my favourite games of all time. It's sad to see what could have been an amazing game not fully realised and ideas not fully explored. Until such time as there's adequate DLC (I have no doubt they'll churn it out piece by piece in $5 increments) to give it a little variety and scope, I can't really recommend it. Go play Tropico 4. It's still a damn good game if you want to indulge your inner megalomaniac.P.S. As if it weren't bad enough you can't build a giant golden statue of yourself any more, you can't build ANY statues. How the hell are you supposed to feel like a tyrant if you can't remake Tropico in your likeness?"
76561197980740876,Recommended,245620,24908621,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Hamster,"I played hundreds of hours of Tropico 3 . This one seems to be just as good. I'm liking it so far, the music is great again, loving these cuban vibes ;) If you're thinking if you should get it and you're strategy fan then pick it up Complete Edition from sale for 10E, its worth !"
,Not Recommended,245620,23966677,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Carbs,"This game is just Tropico 4 with all the fun stuff removed.-The player must micromanage imports for every secondary industry they do not possess raw materials for, making an industrialized secondary economy all but impractical. Enjoy seeing the insufficient resources placard popping up everywhere, despite active trade imports for that resource.-There is no satisfying cheap housing solution like the Bunkhouse from Trop4, this is minor but it really gets to me while playing. I used to really enjoy cranking up the livability of bottom shelf housing with beauty, liberty, and crime safety. This one thing takes a lot of fun out for no reason.-The budgeting makes no sense, the ledgers won't show you where you're losing money and include your construction costs which muddies the waters in trying to figure out what the hell is costing you so much money. Enjoy clicking through every building to see what the thing in the red is."
,Recommended,245620,26247308,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Louis,"This game is immersive and exciting from the moment you start. Every detail is thought through, and the game manages to keep you on your toes and interested as it progresses through such a long time period. You start in the Colonial Era, which gives you the building blocks on which your city will later stand. You then progress to the WW Era, where you are confronted with a new task of keeping up relations with the Allies and the Axis, or to avoid diplomacy and go down the route of a dictatorship! The next is perhaps the biggest transition, from the WW Era to the Cold War. You are, again, confronted with the two powers of USA and USSR. You experience new cultures such as tourism, industrialism and many more new features. You then move on to Modern Times, where you are put in the 'sandbox' mode and are left to enjoy the rest of the game!Another great thing are the characters! You get Penultimo and Lord Oaksworth mostly, whos speeches are always a welcome surprise. They give you quests and tips, and notify you when anything happens. There are many more as you progress, each with their own distinct voice and interesting script.I give this game 9/10!"
,Not Recommended,245620,31102370,Posted: 12 April,all,3735943886,Actual city building is oversimplified. Play Tropico 4 instead.
,Not Recommended,245620,10274125,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,saxcellent! 🍌,"In it's current release state, I'm hard pressed to recommend this to anyone in regards to fans of the series or as a general interest to city and econ simulation et al. Without delving into past Tropicos too much, these title pretty much abolished everything decent that was good about the past games and while I wanted to strive to figure out the best way to win and be efficient in Tropico 3 and 4, I find myself logging off in frustration a lot with the fifth installment.Don't get me wrong, there is a lot of good and a ton of potential for future DLC's (hate to think that maybe this was a focal point, but it's quickly becoming industry standard). Unfortunately, the bad and the outright annoying is so prevalent that the whole experience gets ruined pretty quickly.Rebels often seem to rebel without any reason. Protests are totally arbitrary and ""negotiating"" with protestors oftentimes has you build or create something to contend with one of the few problems you're probably not having. Construction costs are astronomical. Power plants are very confusing and either buildings need a ton of electricity to run and maintain optimum efficiency, or the power plant itself is severly inefficient given the amount of cost to build and maintain them.Healthcare, schools, and entertainment are a beast of their own. While a single newspaper or television seems more than enough to land me at sufficient levels for happiness, I'm finding that multiple buildings that should have the same effect as a liberty increasing building in a different capacity don't actually do anything, or the difference is so minute that I couldn't even tell.These things all strike me as bugs, but with the lack of feedback from the developer it's hard to maintain that allusion forever. Essentially, I'm trying to save you money. Even if you're dying to play this, or something has piqued your interest, just wait it out. Eventually I think most of the issues will be fleshed out, but, for all intents and purposes, buying this is equivalent to something that only works some of the time."
,Not Recommended,245620,17597961,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Sandwich Maker 2000,"Tedious, annoying and no where near worth the price they are charging. I'll stick with 4."
76561198205539128,Recommended,245620,33005212,Posted: 29 June,all,lorger02,One of my all time favorites.  Lots of replay time on this one.
76561198049568708,Not Recommended,245620,33029494,Posted: 30 June,all,Rad Shiba,"To say Tropico 5 isn't worth picking up isn't to say it's a bad game. On the contrary, I've had quite a good deal of fun with the game, I've put 20+ hours into it in the last week or so and have had a decent amount of fun for almost all of it. However, a game needs to be reviewed in context. Many take the approach of wanting to appreciate a game in a vacuum, to take the game itself and judge it on its own merits. I don't necessarily think this way of thinking is *wrong*, but I don't think it is correct either, and it's not the way that I want to approach this game. Rather, I would like to take the approach of a die-hard, disapointed, Tropico fan. I take this approach for a few reasons. Firstly, to judge a game on its own merits, it needs to exist on its own merits. Tropico 5 does not do that, it instead builds on a decades old franchise and comes from an experienced studio. That studio's past experience should be taken into account when judging what they've accomplished. A game's merits can not exist in a vacuum, and should not be judged as such. Secondly, this review primarily serves as a buyer's guide. Tropico needs to be judged in comparison to its competition. This is how all reviews work, as comparison forms the basis for our understanding of quality, and reviews tend to score in relation to other products. As such, I would like to approach this game, as mentioned before, as a Tropico fan, and approach it in as full a context as I can.The biggest critique I can raise against Tropico 5 is that, instead of feeling streamlined, it feels like content has been cut. Streamlining isn't necessarily a bad thing. Excess fat can exist in games, trimming it isn't at all bad and quite often is an improvement. The extended cuts of movies rarely are as good as the finished, ""official"" cut because what was cut is often boring and tedious. However, streamlining is only appreciated when what it cuts is truly needless or cumbersome. Sadly, what Tropico 5 cuts from 3 (the cutting may have begun in 4, 5 might even represent compilation over 4 for all I know, but it is cut in comparison to 3, the basis of my critique so) isn't at all needless. In fact, it's what I liked the most.Tropico 5 cuts from micromanagement, which *sounds* like a good thing, but the result is that the player is disconnected, distant from their citizens. I never once felt particularly motivated to help my citizens out of empathy or desire to help, nor do I feel any joy when oppressing them for the fun of it. The people never amount to more than a number in the almanac. Tropico 3, on the other hand, gave very personal descriptions of each citizen's thoughts, one could easily bring the camera down onto one citizen and just watch their life. A detailed political background gives insight to how a citizen thinks, their thoughts clearly line up and reflect these views. One can easily and visibly see the material basis on which these views have been founded. A citizen isn't a citizen, they're a number. A person dislikes their house? You won't know except for the aggregate number in the almanac. This isn't to say that you can't figure out what a person thinks, you can, but it feels hollow. I never feel motivated to go beyond the almanac, even if the information exists. It's the difference between de facto and de jure. Yes, de jure, the information is there. It's in the game technically. But, de facto, it's not, because it doesn't matter. For a political equivalent, it's the difference between censorship in the USSR and lack of funding in the US. The USSR certainly appears more restrictive of its media, but in actuality the differences aren't terribly relevant. The degree to which this is true even prompted George Lucas to say he would have rather created Star Wars in the USSR, because there would have been less restrictions. This is the power of de facto vs de jure. Yes, citizen ""character"" is in the game, but every citizen lacks personality.The game makes some advancements on the diplomacy and military fronts, however, these end up backfiring on the game as well. Tropico 3's military system was ""buy guard towers, buy army bases, don't worry about it"". Tropico 5 makes one keep placement and funding in mind, but combat is dry as a bone. Soldiers take minutes to die even in firefights and the player lacks any control. Yes, further involvement is there in comparison to 3, but it's nowhere near enough. In 3 it was a flaw, but it was so nonexistent that I could just forget it and overlook it. In 5, it's present enough to remind me that I wish it was better. International diplomacy is similar. In 3, all one needed to worry about was not getting invaded and, if one wanted to, send some diplomatic missions to the USSR or the US and receive free stuff after a few months. Again, far from the focus. A flaw, yes, but one easily forgotten. 5 makes foreign policy missions constant, but they still amount to little more than ""avoid being invaded"". It's hollow and terribly boring.Not the result of streamlining, but econ management is absolutely horrendous in this game. I don't, and never will, expect to play a game and expect an accurate representation of how an economy would function. There are far too many variables, and the game would always reflect the ideology of the creators. A fan of Mises will create a different game economy than a fan of Krugman would who would create a different game than a fan of Anwar Shaikh would. While I would love to exercise my Paul ♥♥♥♥♥hott inspired techno-socialist ideology in a game, it isn't going to happen. However, that doesn't mean I can't enjoy being the all powerful dictator, controlling every aspect of the economy. Unrealistic as it may be, that's not what I play games for. One thing I do come to games for is entertainment, and Tropico 5 makes sure that I find that task a harder one to complete than is needed. Fundamentally, the economy is hard to manage in Tropico 5. Not from a gameplay standpoint, I've basically got the game figured out. No, it is hard because information is hard to actually find. Say, for example, you run out of coal. You won't know until you finally start looking around for reasons why your island is without power. Information is never relayed to the player effectively.I have more to say on the matter, and will upload a full review to my blog [Link here when it is uploaded], but the gist is simply this: Tropico 5 is inferior to 3. That's all there is to it, really. Just buy 3. You won't regret your choice"
76561198014265942,Not Recommended,245620,10234821,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Arcturius Britannicus Clactones,"WARNING! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM! THE MINIMUM SPECS ARE A LIE!My laptop runs at above the minimum specs and has its graphics drivers updated to the most recent version. THe game still fails to run, originally suffering from a serious FPS issue on the main menu alone, it has since devolved to be unable to launch and instead presenting a white screen. If you are running a high end gaming machine I do not doubt that it is a great game, but until the bugs are sorted and the Min specs are accommodated I would suggest holding off until a Steam Sale, or Kalypso allows Haemimont Games to actual get it in working order. THis is not Kalypso's first offence their aggressive strategy for the release of Legends of Pegasus suffered similar issues.THIS IS MY WARNING TO YOU, PROCEED WITH CAUTION!"
,Not Recommended,245620,17631152,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,[G]Deathclaw,"Tropico 5 is like Spore , a cool concept at first , but when u play it, you realize you are playing 4 diferent minigames, less buildings , less control , less partys , less everything...... Couldnt u make Tropico 5 , with all Tropico 4 buildings + the new stuff ?? Or give mod support.... ♥♥♥♥ you guys"
76561198007753645,Not Recommended,245620,10252723,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,kroll,"What an absolute piece of crap this is... a sad day for the franchise. A bewildering number of changes have been made since Tropico 4 and absolutely none of them improve the gameplay - instead they make things confusing and tedious. I have played every game in the series and this is a complete disappointment compared to its predecessors. The only positive thing I can say is that the graphics have improved, but that is a small consolation when the game has been rendered unplayable."
,Recommended,245620,12410990,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,firebloom,"Love the humor, graphics, and trading.  Not a big fan of era level-gates or putting tourism near the end of the third era and hydroponics all the way at the end.  Needs solar, wind, and water generators.  I'd give it 3 stars as is, 4 if they ever get alternative energy.  5 if we get pink sparkle unicorns that poop energy or an outfit for our dictators that includes boxers, black socks, a straw hat, flip flops, and a sleeveless t-shirt."
76561198030790480,Not Recommended,245620,10282126,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,jaynz,"On it's own, Tropico 5 may be a B/C rated game. It has all the basics needed, building up a tropical island and a single bizzare campaign. But it's really impossible to play this without comparing it to its immediate, and fare more affordable, predecessor. Tropico 5 adds multiplayer, does improve some design and planning apsects, but strips out much of the micromanagement, a large number of building, avatar customization, a tremendous amount of detail, and nearly all the wit.  For example, instead of the corrupt political humor oozing out of the previous Tropico games, we get an endless stream of toilet humor and bad sexual innuendo with the most annoying 'host' that Kalypso could apparently find.The list of things missing is staggering, and it's very clear that this game was designed for a long run of DLCs just to get us back to what Tropico 4 had to begin with. The game feels, and is, a massive step backward for the franchise. Multiplayer may be a saving grace, but empire builders don't tend to like multiplayer all that much to begin with, so...In all honesty, I do regret spending any money on this game, and it's the first time I felt that way about Tropico. Excuse me as I go back to the much superior Tropico 4."
76561198256938112,Recommended,245620,20138157,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Brown Killa,1) Waste 2 hours declaring indepence2)Have a semi-decent economy3)Get attacked by rebels4)Survive5)Get attacked again and get rekt6)Realize that you missed out on 5 days of your life for a game you forgot to save7) Flip desk8) Repeat10/10 Would Penaltimo again
,Recommended,245620,12422152,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Blanchflower,"Die hard fans of the Tropico series would find this game a bit of a disappointment but in no way a complete disaster. Some of the gameplay mechanics have been dumped down.However for those players new to this series, I recommend this game to them. Something tells me that it is fun to be an absolute ruler of a banana republic."
76561197978644560,Recommended,245620,11139813,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Raz,Addictive and fun!
,Recommended,245620,11930366,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,That-Guy,"Short Version: Tropico is a great game. I fully recommend it.Long Version: I joined the series with Tropico 4, which is very similar to this fifth installment, but much easier, so if you have the money, paying for the most modern, challenging one is your best bet. The game is simple in paper: Become Royal Governor of a British Colony, declare independence, and build your small nation throughout history. The 4 eras (Colonial, World Wars, Cold War, and Modern) will force you to change your play style all the time, and the new constitution allows you to replay as a different kind of Presidente (Pro Tip: Try being democratic. You won't get to publicly execute journalists or pesky protestors for ""violations of human rights"" (whatever that means...), but it will make it more challenging). Also, live each era to its fullest, so you can plan ahead. Your nation might be bustling with trade with your preffered superpower in the Cold War, but once the Soviets fall, you better adapt your commercial strategy quickly, or else you'll go back to being a third world hell-hole faster that you can say ""WHY DON'T YOU BUY MY CRAP ANYMORE?"". Hell, maybe I am just bad at strategy games (I am not. Dare you to a round of Civ V if you don't believe me), but the game is challenging for me on easy, as your need to change strategies will ♥♥♥♥ you up bad unless you plannes ahead for 5 years or so (5 year plan? Get it? 'Cause communist dictatorship is an option?). People are much harder to please, especially because the Constitution may divide them (the religious might favor you for all the churches you gave them, but half may hate you for not being a theocracy). The era specific random events (""The Soviets have asked us to stash some humanitarian aid that 'has been nowhere near Cuba'"" (later) ""GOOD GOD! THEY WERE NUKES! WHAT DO WE DO? A) Keep them B) GIve them to the USA C) Hide them, return them to the USSR when possible."" This allows you to ideologically ally with one, while maintaining peace with the other superpower), various play styles (Constitution options) and development plans (Will Tropico be an industrial nation? A farming paradise (Thank Presidente for the 'buy organic craze!')? A vacational hotspot?) will give you countless replay options and entertainment.P.S. The Nazis invaded once, and our armies destroyed each other. One Panzer with a smoking engine survived. It killed me. 100/10"
,Recommended,245620,11979184,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Sapphire Bullets,"Enjoyable, though not quite as tight as Tropico 4."
,Recommended,245620,10395219,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Turboblaze,Rebels attacked the palace. Sent bombers to kill rebels. Bombers blew up palace instead. Game over.11/10
,Recommended,245620,10454932,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Ares,"This game offers all that it proclaims on the store page. You have lots of mircomanagement taking care of your peoples needs, making sure you have popular support to win elections, keep eye on other countries and not be invaded, trade with other countries for profit. About every little thing counts in this game including factions within your population, riots, rebellion and protests will be common and will threaten your regime unless you take action and listen to your peoples needs, This game was never really intended for miltary combat, but it is awesome seeing your tanks slowly apporach your infantry who are getting slaughtered and overhead jets blast away at your own buildings setting them on fire. 8/10"
76561198046111115,Recommended,245620,10646034,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DACopperhead,"Tropico 5....i've waited to get it for some time, i was a huge fan of Tropico 4, sunk a lot of time into it, but i felt the time line was WAY to constircting which is why i LOVE Tropico 5. the Eras system is great, being able to build up as a colony, then declare your indepence and get involved in the World Wars, surive the Cold War etc... while many say the 'humor is gone' i find the humor to be...better! of course, some of the things they took out were good, but they added in enough to make this better than Tropico 4, (even more so with the improved combat)-Humor 8/10-Managment options 7/10-graphics8/10-Gameplay9/10-overall 8.5/9.99"
,Recommended,245620,32976186,Posted: 28 June,all,Блин Кот,"Absolutelly love this game.Great building strategy with tons of stuff in it as well as fun campaign and great soundtrack.Though they wanna milk the game on DLCs, I understand that, as it is almost every developers target right now, but if you wait for sale and get everything 75%off, it's better than buying everything when it comes out."
,Not Recommended,245620,33198433,Posted: 3 July,all,magregnoyryanm,"If you're planning to play this with friends in long multiplayer games, I can't recommend it with being disappointed with the addition of a population cap of 2000 split between each player."
,Recommended,245620,10539861,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Artalencar,"Tropico 5 is a nice game. I won't say it's perfect because it's not and to be entirely honest, it feels like Tropico 4 with a family simulator. I had my hopes up for a better game than what was actually released."
76561198092115103,Recommended,245620,10544264,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr. Man,"Tropic 5 may have it's flaws; but it is a favorite game for many and it will be greater to those starting the series of the life of El Presidente, you, and the pile of dirt in the Carribbean that you, El Presidente must make it shine like a diamond while dealing with Rebels, Uprisings, Foreign Invasions, and the budget. Don't forget about the budget. Travel throught the ages from 1800 to the future of.... the future as the islands beloved leader...... sorta."
76561197971825130,Recommended,245620,10264310,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Haapy,"I like this installment of the franchise. It abstracts away some of the messier elements (like garages, which always felt wonky to me). Build times seem better as well, which means less waiting. The research, eras, and manager system are nice bits of change :o) It doesn't really feel like a new game, but rather a refinement of 4. I give it a thumbs-up.Overall, it still feels like Tropico, just a slightly prettier, faster-playing one."
,Recommended,245620,25663746,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Qum,I love this game it has the same feel as the original but also has so many more options. While I mainly just play the sandbox game the main story and the DLC stories where very challanging and just plain fun to play. This was some of the best money I have spent on the game. I have not yet played an only game yet as there just doesnt seem to be that many still playing this game but I am sure it would be just as fub
76561198216157852,Not Recommended,245620,35426904,Posted: 2 October,all,firefly0678,"I played almost 1000 total hours of Tropico games. This is the least enjoyable of them all, at least at first. All of the new additions are nice and add some (mostly unnessacary) depth, but make learning the new system both boring and frustrating. Getting past the Crown stage took multiple tries and in ~20 hours I've made it past the WW stage once, after which my economy immediately failed. I can't even begin to get a feel for what makes this game different fromt the ones I've played before and I would be totally lost if this was my first Tropico experience.I'll probably get past this learning curve and play it for 500 hours, but right now I am glad I didn't pay more than the ~$6 it was during the SSS (summer steam salle)."
76561198065314983,Recommended,245620,15135906,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,link2428,"Overall, a casual, chill game. Extremly fun to play with friends."
76561198056192995,Recommended,245620,11825736,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,FetusDeletus,"Tropico 5 has really stepped up it's game here. The ""new"" era system is enjoyable and doesn't bore you. The only thing that needs to be fixed its mulitplayer. It might be just me but when ever you try to place a road down it takes aboult five minutes. *Rant over*. Besides that its an amazing game and I hope for more games like this in the future."
,Recommended,245620,19977300,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Sidaag101,"This game is pretty fun if you enjoy attempting to run an extremely small nation.  I don't know why you would but, if you do decide to run something other than a totalitarian regime, you always control all construction and people's income.  I don't like that because that's unrealistic in free market economies.  Other than that it's a great game.Nominated for ""Just 5 More Minutes"" Award"
76561198105209733,Recommended,245620,10283257,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,public sector unions,"A good game but feels unfinished. Population caps. No ways to reduce rebel or criminal threats.The trading is a very good system but feels unfinished as well. Many times, the resources available on your island will not be conducive to the trade options available to you but other times, and a few times there will be amazing offers that will provide you with great boosts to your economy. You need to keep an eye out. It is a good idea but can be somewhat inconsistent. Your island will constantly ship out the materials that you need instead of keeping it on island. Some buildings, such as the cannery, are a nightmare and will bog down your entire island. Kalypso must iron out balance issues between buildings and fixing small issues such as entire islands getting bogged down because teamsters stop working.The swiss bank account still has very few/no uses."
76561198003630082,Recommended,245620,10664468,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Khal Drogo,Tropico > Any other city building sims.
76561198031030762,Recommended,245620,10462050,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Richheart,"I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys its style of gameplay. While there may be some glitches or features which people disagree with, I believe that they are worth overlooking simply for the enjoyment of being a dictator and having to build a country against real issues. I am not a fan of being overly critical of games, and if a game gives me the slightest bit of enjoyment, then I think it is worthwhile, and I can definitely say that this game has been enjoyable to me so far. The developers created a great game, and it is a shame that some people cannot look past small mistakes or glitches. There is a massive distinction between degrading complaint and constructive criticism."
76561198040181469,Not Recommended,245620,16104856,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SensualEthiopianPoliceBrigade,Has less than Tropico 4 or 3. Not worth the money
76561198065867393,Recommended,245620,10214715,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SLJ's Big Black Dingus,Progressed to the Cold War and money disappeared. Love it!
76561198096227723,Recommended,245620,13489977,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,maccrawinthejaw,"Tropico is a game franchise that adds additional features, but it's pretty much the same thing you got last time. Nevetheless, Tropico 5 delivers a lot of new content and interesting features. It can get kind of confusing and stressful at times, but it can become a very fun play experience once you have enough experience with it.To all noobs buying this game, my best tip for you is to build lots of Country Homes."
,Not Recommended,245620,35365800,Posted: 30 September,all,ishali,Could not complete a single multiplayer co-op game because it keeps crashing within an hour. Save game kept getting corrupted.
76561197988043330,Recommended,245620,10841392,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Doh,Love this game ! just as good as the other tropico's ~
,Recommended,245620,17296689,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Junta,"Tropico is a series of city builders lite where you are also a dictator (a pirate lord in 2) who has to stay in power while trying to build his little heaven (or hell) on Earth.And whereas Tropico 4 was just a Tropico 3 with more stuff - Tropico 5 has many features changed, reworked, added (and some cut) to warrant being called a proper sequel. Oh and it also has MUCH more stuff to do.With changes in economy and many product chains and raw resources added compared to the previous game - it may take a few failures to wrap your head around the way things work.Your tropical dictator paradise can now also have sharper teeth with more offensive stuff to beat down rebels and invaders with (although with changes in faction system the rebellions happen a lot more often for my taste).All other categories of things to build and create are expanded as well, coming with a lot more comfortable interface.As usual Sandbox mode is where the real game's at. And now it doesn't have time limits, albeit the generator is unfortunately simplified.Instead the time frame takes you through four eras starting with colonial one where you are just a mere local manager of the king - you have to use crown's cash to kickstart your playground which you also have to make independent before your term's over. Don't worry it can be extended by doing missions (later on they give you much more varied rewards).Of course if you don't want to bother with the colonial era (with it being quite different from the rest of the game, but I personally like it) - you can pick any other era to begin your game in.I recommend it both to newcomers and previous Tropico players alike."
76561198051166142,Recommended,245620,13625111,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Feetuska,"Well... As a sequel to tropico 4 there's quite a lot of things that have improved and things that haven't been improved or made worse. Here are some of them:- The main game is quite short- The voice acting isn't the best I have heard- They removed all the old characters expect Penultimo that has a different personality and voiceactor- The game is pretty empty without all the dlc that are basicly half of the game- + It has a more realistic style compared to tropico 4 which has it's up and down sides+ A huge improvement to graphics+ New features+ Tecnology, research and different kind of eras with different features+ It's more complicated which adds more playstyles etc.Not worth the money especially with all the DLC. If you wanna buy it buy it on some steam sale or something.2.5/5"
76561198071261590,Recommended,245620,17193822,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kremlin,Same fun gameplay as previous installments with a few fresh twists. The dynasty options enble you to develop your legacy and export your saga across the different game modes whilst evolving the members of your dynasty and truely making your name last. The foreign political powers have a lot more influence and options on the game and the timeline of technology and buildings keeps the game very true to history.  Very Fun!
76561198032037154,Recommended,245620,24665532,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Praline,"First off ""Glory to El Presidente our glorious ruler and benevolent overlord"". Right the KGB agent is gone I can begin reviewing this game truthfully.  It's a very fun little city management game that puts you through the ages trying to expand and grow your little island nation to take on enemy invasions and prove your supremacy and the genius that is El Presidente. The game mechanics work fairly well and the overall game play is  very enjoyable for the first 40 or so hours while you get used to it. Personally I think I'm just not creative enough to make a good and beautiful city. If you're looking for an arcade-like fun city management game then Tropico 5 is just that. If you want something a little bigger and more realistic city planning then City Skylines would be a better choice. And for the love of God stay away from Cities XLVoting paperEl Presidente {   }El Presidente {●}"
76561198070992933,Recommended,245620,10225662,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Count Ravioli,"I just lost the elections with 49% when everyone randomly started hating me then demanded elections, right now i feel like I want to tear down the entire island of tropico with my bare hands im so mad...10/10 would lose elections again."
76561198032572285,Not Recommended,245620,10222589,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Solsort,"Money grap simulator 5.Initial impression:Long loading screens on high end pc.Gfx looks dated and dull.Stale humor (Its really bad this time around, Penultimo no more :( )The game is now easyer then ever. Everyting is sped up. Teamsters on foot are like olympic sprinters.Exploration system is mindnumbingly stupid.The interface is worse, in my opinion. Its bare bone. Ex, there issnt information on what your constrution office is working on.Soundtrack issnt that good.The dynasty feature seem like a good idea, but the customazation of your charater is bare bone. A few outfits and some bonuses. Its disgustingly simple compared to 4.Preorder bonuses... And the fact that you know they will sell custumes and♥♥♥♥♥♥as DLC is pathetic.This feels like a blatant money grap. There issnt anyting better here then in Tropic 4.How the ♥♥♥♥ anyone would give this a score above 5 is heartbreaking. Where are your standards?"
76561198061019705,Not Recommended,245620,10372840,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Ginston,"Guys please before you try buying this game make sure you have DirectX 11 installed on your computer.I bought this game for my birthday installed it, and was disapointed because my CPU can only run DirectX 10.Check Your Specs!"
,Recommended,245620,25394602,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,WHERRGERBLSMERF,"Not the Tropico I had expected, and pales in comparison to even vanilla Tropico 4, but still worth a play for people looking at an alternative to Sim City or just a city simulation in general."
,Recommended,245620,17148990,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,SamiraPoison,"Excellent upgrades, like the new control system it was easy to adjust to. Addition of export routes is great. Pleasure to play,"
76561198031085548,Recommended,245620,12991114,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TrampyKnight,"I was introduced to the Tropico franchise around the time when the newest Sim City came out. Sim City was a massive dud and Calypso Games decided to capitalize with a 75% sale on Tropico 4. When Tropico 5 came around I was ready for more. I enjoyed Tropico 5 immensely. All the annoying little bits of Tropico 4 were wiped away and the new game style was great. Having to plan a city to last the entire franchise mode was fun. I got attached to my cities. I recommend Tropico 5.Then I downloaded 'The Big Cheese' DLC. It was 5 bucks for a silly costume, new building, and extra missions. It was a ripoff  but I was still loving Tropico so much I didn't care. The building was decent. I could never find the costume. The mission was impossible. I mean IMPOSSIBLE. I normally build my cities to use the resources well and keep my people happy. I tried this with the mission and failed to finish it within the time allotted. Begrudgingly I lowered the difficulty down to east and tried again. I failed. I was a little confused at what I was doing wrong. A month later I decided to load it up again and go for it one last time. I screwed over my citizens in the name of milk. I built as many of the creameries as possible and put all my resources into pumping out as much as possible. I failed. I see this as lazy game design. They made a great game and now are trying to just cash in until Tropico 6 comes around.Get the game. Skip the Expansions."
,Recommended,245620,27759667,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Washington #FuckCatalonia,"Cool game, i love tropico: roleplaying as a Dictator,killing rebel scums,building your nationits fun however it still needs some improvement i think it needs what tropico 4 had:more ""story""/goverment characters like add the crazy hippie girl,the commie guy,the ♥♥♥♥ed up anarchist guy,the crazy capitalist woman,the hot KGB Natasha agent(which i think was her name) and especialy tropico should add again the PARLIMENT with ministers and different political parties where you can bann them,kill the supporters (withouth ♥♥♥♥ing paying for each execution -_-),ect  that would be beatiful (ik tropico 5 already has a type of political parties system but its more about ideology rather than real political parties) so please pleaseeeeee add again the parliment where i can nominate my own ministers,however its still a good game so try it !!!my final verdict is 7/10 it can be better !!!"
,Recommended,245620,10221998,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Nonnel,You get to be a Central American dictator. What's not to love?
,Recommended,245620,17115124,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,A Hunter Must Hunt,"Well before you judge this post, it was written and posted at exactly midnight by someone who hasnt slept for two days straight... Anyway lets proceed, Personally i think the game is really well made, the sarcasm is absolutely hilarious, THE ILLUMINATI EVEN APPEARS IN THE GAME!!, However you will need a decent computer if you want to run it on the best graphics settings, In addition to this, only people who have played tropico 4 and below will understand this...THEY STILL HAVENT FIXED THE TSUNAMI CYNEMATIC!!!!                        However overall if you like a quirky city building game with a hint of challenge, which you can play with friends this game is for you !    ;)"
76561197992897710,Recommended,245620,11785284,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,chupacabra,"I am thoroughly enjoying this game.  I have  played all of the previous versions of tropico and this one is obviously a new generation separate from the older titles. It is more difficult, and it does not run on older machines. However, I am on mission number 4 of the single player campaign and have been having a really good time playing.  I recommend it to any strategy game fans out there. I like that your old builds remain in place- it makes long term planning more important.  I have also found that the military is something you need to pay much more attention to-- which is fine in my book. After all, why play a banana republic dictator if you  don't have to rely on soldiers to keep you in power?  I heartily recommend it to all fans of sims or  strategy games. The graphics and sound are top notch. Of course they will expect you to  pay  for downloadable content in the future, but this is nothing new for those who have prior tropico titles."
76561198079418095,Recommended,245620,11017138,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,RAV,"great game with new features such as ereas ,dynastes ,new maps ,new and better graphics ,more determined rebles , better misions such as freeing youre nation from colonial rule , managers  for buildings that add new affects or just improve the ones it already has and a contitution that stays relavent throughout the game."
,Recommended,245620,11074442,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Ranger,"Great game! I loved the 3rd & 4th one. I bought this one though for the multiplayer, so if that is your reason for buying this aswell I would wait for multiplayer updates. There is still no way to save multiplayer games, and since games takes 8-12 hours to complete you could see how annoying that is."
,Recommended,245620,11186219,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,kurisu72,"Great game and I love the colonial to modern era style. I miss the different garden and statue styles (no statues in the game at all), but hopefully they will improve on that."
76561198071589956,Recommended,245620,12157378,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,#ff0000,An excellent game! An excellent linux port!
76561198066035141,Recommended,245620,11444114,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,A deplorable,Good planty to do 10/9 I say.
,Recommended,245620,11405860,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,souldoubt86,"It's fantastic!Great stories and just a great development from the last game. It's familiar yet not repetative.However. Since you keep playing the same island in multiple scenarios, it's hard to keep track of your buildings. So I'd like to see a building count in the construction menu, like ""you already have x farms"".I also would like to see clear suggestions on how to improve relations with different factions."
,Recommended,245620,10282710,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Chareon,"While I found the tutorial a little lacking in a few areas, it was enough to get me introduced to the core concepts after having never played a Tropico game. It can also be tough to see certain things and you'll be left wondering why your citizens feel the way they do sometimes. However despite this it is a fun game and I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,245620,10296353,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rather Free Word Order,"Fans of the series will be satisfied with this entry, unless you are motivated with the idea of enjoying the new multiplayer mode. As of today's release, multiplayer does not include the ability to either A) save the game, or B) increase/decrease the speed of the game. While one would only hope that the lack of these features is a mere oversight that will be corrected in future patches, it seems foolhardy to count on it.In short, if the multiplayer is important to you, it would be wise to hold off on Tropico 5."
,Recommended,245620,10640537,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,robinsonator,"More of the same great game series.  A bit buggy though, unfortunately."
76561198050137499,Recommended,245620,10677587,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Solurum,"Tropico 5 stays with the things that made all the previous tropico's so fun to play. And that's not a bad thing at all. Many games tend to overhaul too much of the core game during a sequel, but this has stayed its course. Tropico 5 introduces a lot of new features such as the whole 'Family' thing but they all fit in nicely in the atmosphere of tropico.  So grab some rum, relax and enjoy leading your little island to greatness.Many hours of entertainment await you."
76561198006607537,Recommended,245620,10780378,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DivineComedy,Bribed the UN. 10/10
,Recommended,245620,10942561,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SquidDNA,"Tropico 5 contains some substantial improvements over the previous two in the series (because face it, Tropico 4 was really just Tropico 3 with a few bells and whistles added.)Most notably, Tropicans do not have to be physically present in a building for the building to be active-- meaning that the year and a half of downtime while Tropicans wandered over to the Cigar factory to actually earn their pay is now gone. This results in a much smoother economic development.The second big change is that the campaign is not just a story woven through some otherwise disconnected scenario maps. When you finish a scenario in the campaign, your island is saved so that when you return to it*, all your buildings and Tropicans are in the same place.The third item of note is that within the campaign, the progression of time is usually not measured as the passage of months within a year (ex. Nov. 1959) but is instead a countdown to an event related to the scenario (ex. 48 months left before mandate expires) which you can usually extend in several different ways while playing."
76561198032581551,Recommended,245620,12157333,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,julek,"Hi,I've played on Tropico 5 both on Windows and Linux. This is a fairly decent game even though I prefer Anno to it. However on Linux release there's definitely a problem with AMD Phenom CPUs and the game not starting, while this problem does not occur with Intel CPUs. On Windows the problem is not present.Just a warning to make AMD Phenom owners under Linux aware of this before buying the game.Rgds,"
76561198040796207,Recommended,245620,11589044,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,InX,best game ever!
76561198018958271,Recommended,245620,11266015,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,FatherRussia,"10/10 would bang, but I want people to play mp with :/"
,Recommended,245620,11580047,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,BaumiPlaus,military squads that are supposed to explore in this game obviously dont know wut a mtn is!10/10
76561198100385540,Recommended,245620,10692406,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FAGE,fun game
,Recommended,245620,10596072,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Mcrobit,Tropico 5     7/10Good game but the difference between 4 and 5 are very few. Build/import/export.
,Recommended,245620,24021090,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Aprisothy,"The thing about Tropico 5 is that none of the in your face issues about the game never got patched or addressed in the games tutorials or updates, and that is what makes it hard to recommend it on a level in addressing all of the ""advertised"" aspects of the game. So I guess I'll just make two sections talking about what is really bad or good about the game.The Good:The single player in Tropico is pretty standard where you follow a campain (which is rare but well appreciated in Tropico) as you develope your own little Cuban esc country while siding with different people for different things.  The voice acting is awesome and funny and you'll really come to appreciate the character and personality that the game brings to the table.  The trading system is very confusing when you get past the beginning stages because just because the boat says its bringing in a certain amount of money doesn't mean you will see the impact in your treasury (just a note).  Also if you are a sucker for graphics this game is fine, landscape is a little empty at first, but once you start filling it up you'll be astounded at the bright colors and tropical atmosphere.  If you really want to get the most out of the game I recommend the Sandbox mode and just set everything to a place where you can go on forever (cause it will take you a long time to fill up your island) and the campain makes you start from scartch as you move from island to island so it's nice to have something concrete to hold onto.  Dlc is also alright if you get it on sale.The Bad:Annnnnnnnnnddddddddddd here comes the kicker.  Character selection and custimization is basically worthless most of the time and it's just pointless trying to upgrade them when you could build or do something that will help you much more in the long run, or just have a bunch of lower level characters on your island to have scartered effect which is also a good alternitive.  Going along with characters the manager assingment process in general is just abysmall as I wish that there was a seperate easier menu to see where your managers are rather then going in and clicking on every single building to see.  Then comes the biggest letdown in this game, which is the learning curve.  I have just over 100 hours and I still haven't even come close to mastering this game, the way that the game wants you to build the city contradicts the idea of a city builder completely, they want everything in close proximity  and one supermarket per block and one church per block but thats such wasted potential on something so meaningless and confusing and limiting to the creativity of building your own city.  Then there is multiplayer which is what I would describe as a one night stand, over and over again, because guess what?  You can't save the freaking multiplayer worlds if you are playing with a friend so you will have to start new every single time you restart that world, which is so god dang stupid and should've been patched the day after this game came out.This leads to the conclusion where I'll recommend it dispite it's flaws because at face level and on sale this is a really fun game to play and really get the atmosphere of, and despite all of it's flaws the developers managed to create a game that has some of the most fun and attractive efforts of any city builder game I have ever played."
,Recommended,245620,31623734,Posted: 8 May,all,Neon,city building game and some politics. its awesome to learn something
,Recommended,245620,10289443,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Ozzy Puzzles,You can kill the leader of a corrupted organization by sending nude pictures of your advisor.10/10
,Recommended,245620,25598059,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jays Gunner,"not a bad game, but I still prefer Tropico 4"
76561198116288622,Recommended,245620,26407771,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,The Ottoman Empire,"Have you ever wanted to enforce child labor and run an atheist state?Have you ever wanted to assasinate anyone who thinks poorly of you?Do you want to call in airstrikes on peaceful protestors?if so, Tropico 5 is for you, soon-to-be el presidente!"
76561198010373102,Not Recommended,245620,13908147,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,The Selfish Meme/vacation,Short: Tropico 4 was way better.
,Recommended,245620,13398148,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"Tropico 5 was fun for me - the problem I have with it is that it is so similar to previous Tropico games.  I have played every Tropico game and its just second nature to me what will work and what won't.   their isn't a lot of challenge to the game anymore as far as learning what things do.  There are new building and edicts, like the gay marriage edict or the massive modern apartments, but overall its more of the same.  even the Graphics aren't a massive step up.  Still, Tropico fans will have fun as will newcombers.  I just wish there was more!"
,Not Recommended,245620,13693626,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Moloch Horridus,"Buy Tropico 4, not 5 if you want to have fun owning your own island.There are many small annoyances with this new entry to the series. For instance sometimes it feels like I'd rather pull my fingernails off than try getting roads placed where I want in this game. Same goes for buildings, especially on shore regions.What makes this task even more frustrating is the new ""fog of not knowing your own island"" which can be painstakingly cleared by sending your palace troops to ""explore"" said areas. Only that the troops are idiots that don't reveal important areas (mines, oil) but rather walk right past them. Have fun sending them again and again (1000 credits every time) to reveal even the smallest of areas. These guys are like Vickers in Prometheus, capable running only straight ahead - except when they can use roads to go around and reveal even less of fogged area than using straight path to marker.The ""combat"" in this game... whoo boy. Not good. not good at all since you can't control the troops at all and the outcome is based on placement of your building in relation to path taken by attacking forces. What fun.A new console-player friendly task system within campaign missions is like you're playing a tutorial all the time. Do this and do just to get some reward. What happened to being supreme leader? In this game you're just an errand boy.Campaign missions end on victory condition, just to kick you to another island for one mission and then back to the first one. Around we go. Not the smoothest experience and feels like a continuation of tutorial feeling described above.Execution is poor and overall Tropico 4 is so much better than this its not even funny."
,Not Recommended,245620,13653159,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fenton,Feels like I am playing Tropico 4 again. Not really noticing any major differences making me feel that it was worth purchasing.
76561198006689226,Recommended,245620,10324734,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,[kain]daddy1986,"not having played the predecessors of this game i had a complete neutral view of this game.I do not regret spending money on this game, i enjoy it alot STILL and the campaign is funny. havent tried the multiplayer yet.I havent experienced any bugs or crashes so far, it looks good, easy to learn, funny messages relaxing until a tornado hits your settlement.8/10"
,Recommended,245620,11785336,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Deathwinder,"Très bon jeux de simulation dictatoriale :)Complet et prennant, il saura vous challenger !"
,Recommended,245620,11348915,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Aedaric,"I'll post a longer review later, but right now I simply want to post a positive Yes on the game.  It's worth the money for a fun and engaing city builder.  The economy is expansive, can be set to be extremely difficult if you like it like that, and your citizens provide you mulitple obstacles to overcome as well through both politics on the homefront and abroad."
,Recommended,245620,11448834,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Benjamin the Rogue,"So, Tropico 5. We meet at last. Do you know why you were brought here, Tropico #5? Because El Presidente believes with the right sort of, let's say, motivation, you could become so much more useful as a citizen of our great virtual island. But as it is right now? I don't know, Tropico 5. I don't know. Considering the work of the four previous Tropicos who have come through town, who have very rarely made any significant changes to the status quo, which I have to admit, around here we can appreciate that sort of slow gradual change considering how everything has been working just fine, you decided you wanted to make a few more, shall we say, radical changes. This has El Presidente very concerned. Let's go over the dossier, shall we?Let's start with what you've been doing around town that's got so many fellow citizens vocally supporting you. One of the biggest changes you've made is to the infrastructure. It's nice to see that you've scaled down the size of the parking garages to something manageable, and look, in the Modern area you've introduced the Metro to our tiny island! Letting citizens get from one point of the island to the other nearly instantaneously is quite the feet. Something that El Presidente truly appreciates when he wants to get out to the llama farms for some quiet and relaxation without having to drive through all of that horrible traffic. Which is another issue we see significantly less of. It is good to see more people walking instead of filling the streets with cars! I applaud you, Tropico 5, for finally resolving that issue.That reminds me, the whole Era thing. It is, if of a somewhat debatable quality, nice to have Eras from which to transition. Going from the Colonial Era to the World War Era is probably the largest change of the four. The other two are the Cold War and the Modern Era. Having the ability to upgrade certain residential units to other certain residential units is nice as the era transitions, and new constructions become available.Having Edicts become available as the Era progresses is another thing to look forward to, until finally you have access to all of them. And the Constitution! Who would have expected something like that to be introduced into our tiny island? The discovery of science, which is used to enhance the Constitution and advance the Eras, was nice as we can finally figure out that whole sliced bread thing.The price of docks is considerable cheaper than they were previously, which allows El Presidente to build many, many docks to help speed up the export of his new delicious cheese. And speaking of money, it's nice to finally be able to have a use for El Presidente's, shall we say 'private' income. Being able to use the Swiss Bank account balance level up El Presidente and his family members abilities is quite good at encouraging you to play multiple maps with the same family so you realize their full power! Oh yes, and El Presidente would like me to pass along his thanks in allowing multiple members of the family to share power on our island.For the workforce, being able to hire managers with minor Presidente-like powers to manage buildings is a nice touch indeed. The people of our island enjoy being empowered in such a way that makes them more useful to El Presidente.But now onto some concerning trends that I am seeing here. The buildings snap to a rather large grid system that while nice when fitting buildings together sometimes, is terrible unimaginative and can leave a lot of extra space between buildings where they meet at odd angles. It doesn't help any that you have taken away El Presidente's favorite toys. No longer can we build statues to honor El Presidente's might. No, now parks and decorations only come in two units, small and large. The small is one grid or two, while the large fluctuates slightly more, starting at a 4x4, and going to such sizes as 4x6, to the mighty 5x5 and 5x6. But what happened to the gardeners, Tropico 5? Did you murder them in the study with a lead pipe? Because we can no longer plant individual trees, or benches, or any of the small single items. This is a great disappointment to El Presidente, for he had quite the green-thumb.Housing has now turned into something of a mess, since, as we said, Tropicans walk far more than they did last time. Now if a Tropican can not find a house near where they live, they will opt to just build a shack near their work-site, even if there is ample housing on the island. I have been told by many who do this, Tropico #5, that they were encouraged to ignore El Presidente's benevolence and build these eyesores around the city by you.And another thing. Why have you taken away the ability of El Presidente to personally manage the wages of our citizens? Not only that, but he can no longer set prices for buildings or services. Everything has instead been rolled up into one ""budget"" function. Tropico 5, I'm concerned about this power grab. These are function that should be left up to El Presidente himself to manage, not some overly simplified ""budget bar"" that controls everything. This has actually made it HARDER to manage the economy, since if we want to pay people less, we now have to also decrease the efficiency of a building by lowering the budget. This is a big problem, and I suspect it may be sabotage!I was also shocked to discover that we need to discover our own island now! When we start administering our great government in the Colonial Era, our island is shrouded in mist, and must be explored by our soldiers during ""expeditions"" that cost a thousand dollars an event! And you can't even control them, you just click on a way point and hope they go the right route in getting there to discover it. Though the discovery of the Compass does negate this, it is none-the-less irksome.And speaking of discovery, why are our people no longer able to improve their skills concerning their profession? Why have you taken this source of pride from our people, Tropico #5? The people are also kept more out of sight as well, as no longer is El Presidente able to see them when they utilize a building. Gone are the queues that show up when you click on a service building. Instead, they are reduced to mere numbers.Having to mine minerals out of very specific ""mines"" instead of just having to dig it out of the ground did not actually turn out to be helpful. These ""mines"" take up permanent space on the map, even after they are used up and collapse. Which is another issue! When a resource node, with the exception of the fishing wharf, is used up, it is automatically destroyed, regardless of whether or not the output storage is full! This destruction of El Presidente's property at the hands of no other than you, Tropico 5, is a great crime! It is most irritating and wasteful. If a facility no longer has resources to mine, El Presidente will choose when and how it is removed, not you!And with the Edicts, while we do have some nice new interesting ones, I see the Pope is no longer able to visit our island, Tropic 5. That is a little disappointing.Elections are now quite a bit more boring. Why do you not allow El Presidente to do speeches anymore, Tropico #5? In fact, why is it that El Presidente, and the family, are not able to directly control their actions on the map? Gone are the day when El Presidente could walk up to a construction site and encourage the workers to construct faster, or walk into a service building an inspire greater service. This is very disappointing that you have talked otherwise upright citizens into ignoring El Presidente in such a way.In the end, I find my appreciation for you mixed, Tropico 5. I can stay with Tropico 4 and not really miss much, I think, but I do still enjoy your presence, even if I think you're a half step back in progress."
76561198022701030,Recommended,245620,11783075,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,What is a man?,best Tropico game yet 7/10
,Recommended,245620,31667097,Posted: 10 May,all,KingWeir,"Having now finished the main campaign (and one of the DLCs and half way through the 2nd DLC), I'll now consider this game finished, even though a game like this, its also very sandbox focus and in that regard, its never really finishable.But anyway, having never played any of the previous Tropico games, I finally got around to jumping on board with the fifth instalment, so I can't compare do any previous games (though I have read from other reviews that maybe the fourth instalment is better).But my review for this game, focused mainly on the campaign is actually pretty positive.It starts off with you in charge of a colony island, where the overall goal is to gain independence from the crown, and then progress from different eras up to the present (think they are, Colony, World at War, Cold War and Modern Times).In the campaign you have an...... interesting story, that progress you through these eras, while giving you objectives that make it feel like the goal isn’t necessarily just to speed through the time periods and as such works quite nicely, introducing the game mechanics, basically like one long tutorial but without the hand holding, your just told do this or build this and its up to you, how and where, so works brilliantly for newcomers like myself.A neat little tactic that I liked to try, was holding off declaring my independence from the crown as long as possible to keep receiving money from the crown and avoid suffering rebel attacks, while I try and create an self sustaining island, that would hopefully keep the locals happy once we are an independent nation.There is an occasional difficultly surge that threw me a curve ball, such as when you've got to research a specific technology within so many months, so I have built one of each research building and just ignored it while I concentrated on building my island to then only realised that I'm running out of time and I'm spamming research buildings as fast as I afford and build them to try and finish the goal. Which made me realise one nag with the game, you quite easily get lost in what you doing and then suddenly it goes wrong and you realise your last save was from ages ago, it does have an auto save but I would like it save more often.Anyway, I've ranted on long enough now, so if you like your city builders with a bit of, maybe humour is the wrong word but doesn’t take itself too seriously, while still providing an enjoyably challenge……. then you've probably already played if not this game then another Tropic game already.Oh, one thing that I did really like was, that your Islands save from campaign mission to campaign mission, as often with this sort of game, you have to build from scratch each time you start a new mission. With this your in charge of two Islands that you switch between but each one saves where you left off with that Island, so you don’t get sick of building from the ground up, while also making you think about the long term design of the Island. I literally restarted the campaign a couple of times until I got the hang of the game, as when I would return to an Island having learnt some new mechanics of the game, I was like, no, no, no, this won't do. One time I demolished all my island buildings, actually starting from scratch because of what I had learnt and how I was now leaning towards designs my Islands."
,Recommended,245620,11380194,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Risetto,"Very fun game, the movement of the map is slightly annoying, but other wise a great game. You can actually lose this game if you mess up, but there are continueous saves so if you mess up and want to continue you can go back to previous saves. It has cool political aspects and many different paths on how to run your community."
,Recommended,245620,10434581,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,allos autos,"First, a brief history lesson. I was an avid player of Tropico 3, and snatched Tropico 4 up on the first day. I was underwhelmed, as the game seemed more to be Tropico 3.75 than a new game in its own right; for example, all of the UI and art elements were exactly the same. However, over the next several years, patches and DLC helped make Tropico 4 a truly outstanding game, far surpassing its predecessor.Now we're met with Tropico 5, and history seems to be repeating itself. Tropico 5 has a rock-solid foundation. The mechanics and the underlying systems have been streamlined and now make a lot more sense. Building variety has been diminished, but gone are a lot of buildings that you only ever used once (and that was just to find out what it did). What's left has a time and a place, and the only time you won't use a building is if it doesn't suit your playstyle (as opposed to, say, satellite dishes from Tropico 4, which had very little extra-campaign utility). I've yet to experience a crash. The new systems function well. I especially like the introduction of eras. The dynasty system works, I think. I'm not sure. I seem to get all of the bonuses all of the time, regardless of who is Presidente.That said, the game needs work. Some categories (entertainment) are far too sparse, unless you want a dozen cabarets on your island. I've experienced one game-breaking bug: I don't win Sandbox missions despite meeting the victory conditions. Hopefully that gets patched soon. Upgrading buildings is tedious, although I'm happy that they streamlined modernizing them. A big letdown is that the trademark Tropico humour largely falls flat this time around. Instead of the caricatures of various tropes (the drunken priest, the inept second-in-command) and the banter on the radio which could be genuinely funny (I still laugh at General Rodriguez's description of the Museum of Modern Art), you get ""Brokeback Mountain"" references, predictable flat-out stupidity from Penultimo, and...Lulu. One cannot be told what Lulu is, one must experience her awfulness for oneself.All told, it's a solid game that will likely only get better as time goes on. It's worth the price--you can easily get 30-40 hours of gameplay in its current state. It's still one of the best city-builder franchises out there."
,Recommended,245620,31157985,Posted: 15 April,all,Kasser,"It is a fun city management dictator game that set itself different from other city builder games.For maxed value, I recommend buying the game discounted with most of the DLCs included."
76561198284875058,Recommended,245620,31188846,Posted: 16 April,all,VolcanicJeffo,Keep my workers underpaid and overworked for the capitalist gains.. Then come home and play this fantastic game. Must play. Not as good as 4 though.
,Recommended,245620,15733274,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Fluffy The_Vicious_SpaceDog,"i made a city and went from the colonial periods to somewhere like 60 years past modern times i LLLOOOVVVEEE this game one of the best pieces of work i have ever seen, now!STOP WASTING YOUR TIME AND BUY THIS GAME AND BUY AND EAT A 6 PACK OF DONUTS!"
76561198174439139,Recommended,245620,17230994,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Anna,this is a great strategy game9/10
,Recommended,245620,10213015,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Pledge,One of the best games ever! A must buy for any gamer!
,Recommended,245620,11753688,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Toggled on!,"I loved El presidente so muchI watched his TV show and listened to his propagandaI prayed to El presidente every night before I go to work, thanking him for the life i've been givenEl presidente is love, I say, El presidente is lifeMy Communist Dad hears me and calls me a Capitalist pigI knew he was just jelous of El Presidente's abilites to exploit the workforceI called him a Commie-loving scoundrelHe slaps me and tells me to go to work"
76561198006887528,Not Recommended,245620,17283251,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,xI extremist Ix,"Tropico 5, a game where you can have 100% approval and still fight rebels."
,Recommended,245620,33039529,Posted: 30 June,all,jehanX478,"Love dictatorship? Love city management?Well? GET IT!!!!!This game may cause side effects where the player turns into an actual dictator, ventures out to create a nation (Family's Home) and instill fear in his/her citizens (Parents/Siblings)You've been warned!"
76561198113926391,Not Recommended,245620,17221795,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,East_Coast_Col,"I did like Tropico 3 and Tropico 4. In fact I loved them!. However, Tropico 5 was, let's say, different.The graphics were good and the humour was there too (if not a bit repetative, a joke is funny once, twice, three times, four times -cringe, again, again and so on). Too little dialogue was included.I'm sorry to say the gameplay just didn't work. What do I mean by that? Well, it was boring by comparison!One of the features that unfortunatly dictate how the game is played, is that each scenario is played on a different island. That in itself is not a problem, but two or three scenarios later you go back to the island that you previously developed and you have to try and remember how and where all the resources are and how you developed the 'supply chain'. It was like going back into somebody elses half-played game and trying to work out what's wrong with it - even though it worked when you left it!!!The menus are at times difficult to work with - important features, that can make or break a game, are sometimes buried deep in a menu that you hardly use or struggle to find (even though you might remember it was somewhere).My next comment is strange, yes I agree. But it is like the rebels and armies are random. Now I know that they are not. But I felt like they were detached from what I was doing even though I do understand the mechanics.I have saved my biggest gripe/problem until last. Groan. The price of the DLC's!!! I paid a lot of money for this game £35. Nobody should have to pay a total of an additional £52 for all the DLc's) making the cost of this game a humongous £87 (about $135 american dollars as I write this). This was a huge problem for me IN THIS GAME. Because I felt that I did not get the gameplay that I should have had from the original package and the content just wasn't there!!!I am not against all DLC's. But these were overpriced and the original game was short of too many features. So I did not buy them.The original base game is on SALE now at £12.24.I believe £14.99 would be fair price, maybe.......... BUT this price should certainly include all the smaller DLC's. Maybe £19.99 with all the DLC's included. So it is still not good value even at 50% off.If it was reduced to these prices tomorrow would I buy them? I'm sorry no, for all resons that I wrote about above. The game does not compare to the fun that Tropico 3 and 4 were and I tired very quickly from it."
,Not Recommended,245620,14763079,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Spongie,"Economy building game type thingy. The game looks nice, but as a fan of the genre I do have some gripes with it. First of, it is rather shallow compared to feature packed games like Unknown Horizons or Sim City. Since I'm now used to playing high quality strategy games like that (some for free), I expect commercial titles to go the extra mile.Placing roads is akward at best. Yes, you learn to work around it, but a user interface should work for the player, not against him. During multiplayer you can build roads that stretch far out, but they cannot be demolished leaving you no room to make a single mistake while placing them. That is a tall order considering how akward the road editing is.The game rushes you from era to era and I often struggle to remain in one era because I feel I haven't gotten to use my newly researched technologies enough. This combined with very small map sizes (even huge is rather small compared to other games) makes it a poor choice for the month long builds I'm used to.There is supposedly a way to save/load multiplayer games, but it's not clear to me at this point exactly how. As with seemingly all modern games, it lacks a proper server browser, instead your left with some social network thing for matchmaking and remote hosting. I didn't like it in L4D2 and I don't like it in this game either. Really old games like OpenTTD (which is free) solved load, save and multiplayer features a long time ago. Just do what they did.The game has also crashed a few times, not a segfault, but a hard lock forcing me to get a console up to kill it."
76561198120877610,Recommended,245620,20022301,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kiihko,Tropico 5 is an awesome city management game with many humerous elements. I have to say my favorite character is Penultimo is my favorite for his comments on how you reasearch are the greatest. (Expeciallly love the mines research.)
,Recommended,245620,14811464,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Aegis,It's a time machine~!
76561197982108818,Not Recommended,245620,10399106,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Huror,"Right now with the state of affairs with the game I wouldn't really buy this. You're best to wait until all the DLC is out and for a fairer price as it seems that some buildings are currently locked out to be DLC that seem to be pretty base to the experience for example - Prisons. Without it makes policing a lot harder and you can't put Crime Lords in Prison the best thing you can do is Banish or Kill them (which will result in Rebels = bad).So while I like the game and it is fun to play it's really not the FULL experience I'd expect from something being developed when all the game files are in place but just need you to buy the DLC from Kalypso, as someone who's bought and played all the other Tropicos through time I am deeply saddened by the move to DLC than releasing a fully fledged functioning game."
76561198073518812,Recommended,245620,14991921,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,lazee_dragon,i have all the tropicos except this one.played this free weekend and love it.the only problem is it uses alot of memory andheats up my laptop and turns it off over heating.other than that this is truly wonderfulnice beautiful graphicsclear goalsmy only downfall on this game is having toplay it online only :/i do love the humor and well it is not muchdifferent from tropico 4 except for using moreresources on your pc/laptopnow if you have a nice brand new laptop ortop of the line one or pc you will probablyhave not issues at all :)hope this helps  and it is worth the sale price ^^
76561198197027063,Recommended,245620,30309274,Posted: 3 March,all,misssalasinclair,"I played all the other Tropicos and loved them - perhaps 4 was the most outstanding but i ran out of anything new.Tropico5 is slightly different and you have to learn some new talents. I also thought it had lost a little of its ...llighheartedness..     But its top game and I know i will have hundreds of hours of enjoyment from it.It has Tanks   woohoo  and more fighting in it than other tropicos.Only to mission 5 but i love the sight of tanks rolling down the streets to kill the invaders.What is strikingly different is that  you start on an island  (given choice of two) and how you build carries over into the next mission.  So build carefullly and wisely with good street grids and  your military well placed to defend castle and dock area. In tropic4 it was different island each time.Also there is fog hiding much of the island but sending soldiers out from Palace or Fort to explore clears that.There are many new buildings and the graphics are lovely. The lil people of tropico are  brilliant lol, and winning them over is not easy..We pay so little for an installation that gives us countless hours of entertainment .So, what did i love and what did i hate?LOVE -  the  new buildings, tanks, new maps and  new challenges.Game runs smoothly  and is visual delight. And Penultimo is there  lol   Just love that guy!HATE -  not sure i like the dynasty thingie  - after all there is only one El Presidente!and having to place managers in buildings.  Or setting up trade routes.Also cannot choose traits of El Presidente but have to go with what is offered.And there is no radio with  Miss Flower lol   ( i  kinda liked that)One small comment - why change the interface?  We got used to that in earlier Tropicos and it worked well.But all those are really just lil niggles...All round tho I find it one of the best games I have played and I love it :)"
76561198212451933,Recommended,245620,19841386,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ShakespeareWales,"A lot of fun for the first few hours, in which you can be as tyrannical and corrupt as you want.  The trouble is that each game is basically the same, and it gets old after a while.  That much said, I had a grand time playing it for hours on end, but it may not hold your attention as long as other games do."
,Recommended,245620,10856134,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RDog,Fun game.
,Recommended,245620,14065185,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Antwog,"Tropico 5 is a very fun game. It is a distinct experience from Tropico 4. It varies with the competiveness of the campaign missions, the overall features and the core mechanics of the game. It is a very solid continuation to the series, but there is plenty of room for improvement.The core mechanics as compared to Tropico 4 are improved completely. The little things that add to the game are great. There is more of a sense of tightness when it comes to the mechanics.The features and campaign missions vary on experience from player to player, however I feel that it is a good improvement from T4, however is somewhat short and less features than T4.Overall, it is a real good game that I am continuously enjoying and is being supported with DLC and updates regularly. 8/10.----UPDATE as of 2nd August, 2015:I finally got back into finishing this game, and I can say from an updated experience, I loved the final three missions I had to finish in the campaign. The cities are fragile on producing income, but when you have the right amount of buildings, it is sustainable and the missions become progressively easier. The hardest mission for me was building the space/nuclear program and that was half into the second campaign.Updated rating for me increases, but is still rounded to 8/10. Campaign took me a solid 30+ hours to complete. Overall playing time is 53 hours as of now so its hard to comment on the length it took me to finish the campaign, but the majority of those 53 hours went to the campaign.----Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating."
,Not Recommended,245620,11707265,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,That Fish Guy,"TL;DR, co-op is neither co nor op.I bought the 2 pack looking forward to a co-op city building campaign that my buddy and I oculd play together, maybe this was expecting too much. Load up the game (after stealing an old graphics card of his, because my dumbass cant read the stickies, or the game requirements), start the campaign, no multiplayer/co-op option.Fair enough, maybe we expected too much hoping to play through the campaign together, maybe we can just jointly build a city, and go freeform/sandbox on it. the first time we get into game together (why cant we make private lobbies?) we start across map from each other, with ""victory objectives"", well wait a second, there was an option for co-op or versus, I must've selected the wrong one, because we are on opposing sides from each other, with no clear way to interact.Restart the game, make sure we are on co-op instead of versus, pick a new island just because. Once we get into the game (not a knock at the loading times, it runs quite smoothly) it's apparent that no part of the ""co-operative"" gameplay will involve interaction between the two of us, he is on his side of the island, I am on my side, and we still have ""team 1 victory points"" Ummm, there is only one team.His fright ships come in on their own schedule, mine come in on their own schedule. He accepts certain missions (such as sell us 3000 lbs of coco), I accept certain missions, on the ocassions that those missions DO overlap, our counters each fill up independently!!Add to that the unchanging, bullet-fast gameplay (in which we don't have time to properly read the rewards/punishments, a slower option would be nice, if it could pause when dialog is happening would be friggin wonderful), and the complete lack of notification when one of us gets knocked out of the game.. oh and why do all of their buildings and civilians cursedly die upon their leaders flight? ITS A CO-OP GAME, Why dont you let the remaining/surviving partner take over the buildings?this game has a LONG way to go, I am incredibly disappointed.Avoid until, forever?"
,Not Recommended,245620,10291093,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Big Bubba,"Been playing Tropico 5 for a week now and I must say, though on the surface this game looks like a step in the right direction the inside of this game is 100 steps back.Pros:-Longer game time from the new dynasty eras. (Colonial, World Wars, Cold War, Modern Times)-New ways to power your government through your new constitution-Add members of your family to your government for extra benefits-Bigger islands that need exploring before you can just build anywhere-Multiplayer (All we ever wanted, right?)Cons:-Lacking in everything everywhere (explained below)-Every model of each building is the exact same unlike Tropico 4 where you could change the way they looked.-No more loyalist (my personal favorit faction in T4. no more hardcore dictatorships favoring your loyal subjects)-No more prisons/labor camps to lock away the people against you-No more decorations for your city (Statues of your self, national flag, you know that fun silly stuff)-Only about 5 outfits to choose from all of them worst than the other (Where is my traditional flag suit?)-The Almac is just a tad harder to navigate in (just considering the amout of clicks it takes to find what im looking for)-You cant choose a back story or how the Presidente rose to power anymore (just one and ONLY one stat)-YOU CANT SAVE YOUR MUTIPLAYER GAMES (Who let this one happen?)  -_-I could really just go on and on about how much I really dont like this game. I am beyond dissapointed, this is almost scam worthy. If you already own Tropico 4 and your thinking of getting 5 please, do yourself a favor and walk away, im begging you. Dont fall for this game and it lies. Terrible just terrible."
76561198072259423,Recommended,245620,17732752,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,wolfypagan74,"All I have to say, despite my rather dull and uninteresting life, at least I can forget about my troubles and focus on my private tropical island when I am down!  Amazing game, it really is!  The ONLY minor complaint I have, and in comarison with the rest of the game it is minor, is I wish we had more control over the various attributes of the dictator like we did in Tropico 4.....  Other than that, Penultimo is hilarious, the music is awesome, building and learning what you are doing is a breeze!  The tutrial is very useful, earning medals is a blast, the economics are balanced and very interesting, and the downloadable content after you buy the game is endless!!!  Far as multiplayer, I have to wonder why every time I try and find an opponent, there are not enough people to play.... but that being said, there is so much else you can do after you finish the campaigns I would STILL say incredible replayablility!  and on top of it all.... I managed to grab my copy for 10 dollars when it was on sale at STEAM..... everyone needs to check this game out!!!"
76561198029739150,Recommended,245620,17190003,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,ajsgf798,"Very good game with slight improvements over its predecessors. This latest edition brings updated graphics, some slight improvements with overall gameplay and reduction of some of the more tedious aspects of earlier versions, but does take away from a few of the things that brought some charm to the older editiions (no more campaign speeches for example). Overall if you like Tropico you will love this edition, highly recommend it, 4/5 Stars."
76561198007272875,Recommended,245620,16900172,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Propopulus,"I was very, very suprised to see nobody mentioned the xbox 360/one controller compatibility. This is the only strategy game that I have ever played that completely works with a controller. No other tropico game, and from what I understand, no other similiar strategy games has that feature. It has been very useful for me, and I only play it on the controller.I can keep beat this game with every single setting on its hardest in sandbox mode. Getting to the next era (Colonial, World Wars, Cold Wars, Modern) is very difficult. In almost every playthrough I am barely win several elections by just 1-2%. That is with using every desperate measure and trick I know.You can adjust the limit of the population in the game settings. I think it is 5,000 now.I bought all of the DLC when it was on sale. 7 out of 10 of the DLC are useless and I never use. Espionage, and the Sea ones are useful. (Specifically the tidal power plant, Spies, dungeon, the submarine)Pros.-The unique challenges of each era (colonial, world wars, cold wars, modern) basically turn each sandbox game into 4 different mini games. This extends gameplay.-Once the trading logistics is mastered, it is very useful.-The randomized quest force the player to react to different situations each game, ensuring no repititive gameplay.-The ABSOLUTE BEST implementation of a xbox controller for strategy game that I am currently aware of (on pc).-The tropico series in general, is a very unique game that has a pleasent blend of violence and simcity.-Game length is good. 3-4+ hours.Cons-This game requires advanced logistics, but doesn't provide the tools or controls to micro-manage them. For example, I can't control which dock resources that are traded are delivered too. Nor can I control which farm/factory teamsters will go to. I have to basically build teamstears near buildings that are important.-The thing that I hate the most about this game is that it desperately needs districts. I want to be able to set different policies for different parts of the island and it would be cool, if certain districts could be attacked/occupied by rebels. I am thinking like the hunger games.  You have a capital district where all the rich/military people are. Then poor-improverised districts spread out through the island.-I don't like this single building DLC. I would rather have large expansions and higher price points on those.-I don't like buying tropico after tropico. It is redicilous. Just stick with one and release ""real"" full priced expansion packs  (I am talking like game changing features like districts. I would pay $50-$60 for real expansion packs)"
76561198381590101,Recommended,245620,33003482,Posted: 29 June,all,redkingnate,"I may have played the game for less than 30 minutes, but it does have quite an intriguing backstory and it runs quite smoothly. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,245620,10231269,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,GERSillySausage,"El Presidente is Back for the 5th Time. And I do not regret electing him!The Dynasty Features, The ""Constitution"" Feature, more Eras to dictate around with, and even more evil edicts make this caribbean coctail a good drink to a choice cigar and some Swiss Bank Deposits. The cynical humor and the black tone to almost everything make me laugh almost around ever corner. ""We found a Sickle, Presidente, that will go perfectly with our Hammers in the future."" -Penultimo-I am afraid of the empty spaces in the Building Menu. I sense a scammy DLC system. But as long as the Game stays true to the substance it already has, I personally already approve of it.Read a longer Review for a more founded Opinion, this is just Propaganda from a ""Dictator Simulator"" Enthusiast.Viva el Presidente!"
76561197977113389,Not Recommended,245620,29112669,Posted: 8 January,all,CodKing,"Lack of a proper campaign ruins it. Sandbox games are repetitive and beautification is non-existent so towns look boring. The military are morons who just walk to their deaths one at a time then it's game over.The game mechanics are a slight improvement over Tropico 3 but implemented in a lacklustre sort of way. Tropico 3 is just better, I'd swap titles anyday."
76561198179775899,Recommended,245620,17719773,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Grim,it gud
,Not Recommended,245620,10223453,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,6 GOD,Would be a great game except it crashes everytime i play it. seems like a game which has not been developed properly. would not reccomend until they fix all the bugs.
,Not Recommended,245620,19004753,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Gunteraz,I'm a long time fan of the series since Tropico 2 but sadly Kalypso has decided to flush it down the toilet by releasing 100 euros worth of dlc that might be worth picking up at -80% discount or more but not otherwise.
76561198216102031,Recommended,245620,23772678,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ayo_z,This game is amazing. The new feature where you travel through the different time periods is a sick addition and to top it all off the sandbox mode which has taken this game from greatness to godliness. 5/5 Worth every penny. Amazing is an understatement.
,Not Recommended,245620,10232865,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,mipper,"This is by far the worst Tropico (excluding Tropico 2 off course). There is nothing left of the original charme of Tropico 1.The developers have introduced several new concepts but every single one of them is implemented poorly. It doesn't feel right. The UI, campaign, dynasty, research, combat and trading feel like they don't belong. And some of the old core mechanics seem to have vanished or are broken.I have played every Tropico there is and  I had high hopes. But this is a big disappointment. Tropico 4 is way better and Tropico 1 is still better then both of them.Even the music has lost its Cuban flair.I would describe it as a poor mixture between Anno and the last SimCity."
,Recommended,245620,15011200,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MissCreep,"Tropico 5, while not as good as Tropico 4, is a great game. I would recommend buying it when it goes on sale."
76561198012606877,Recommended,245620,19466292,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,[40-1]FrozenDreams,Very enjoyable game to play a good follow on from Tropico 4. 7/10
76561198027390777,Not Recommended,245620,29654830,Posted: 2 February,all,SpongeScrub,"It is a fun game, but it is to liniar to be fun for a long time. I expectred more from this."
,Recommended,245620,23726747,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sinfonia,"Its like tropico 4, but better!"
,Recommended,245620,25227949,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Muaath,"I Love the Tropico franchise, and Tropico 5 is no different."
76561198058098865,Recommended,245620,13646577,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nebserena,Great game. An awesome city builder that gives hours of playtime and is easy to come back to for casual play.
76561197973149390,Recommended,245620,23830164,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sub,"If you have played Tropico games previously you know what you are getting into.  If you haven't.....Tropico is a city building game focused a little more towards fun than complicated economy systems like other city-building simulations.  Tropico 5 is a fantastic game, I suggest anybody give it a shot.  The music is second to none."
,Recommended,245620,10240861,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Albert,Great game! Got invaded by Axis forces :)
,Recommended,245620,10214251,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,RadioKillr182,Cuban Dictator is now the top of my dream jobs list. Tropico changes lives10/10Edit: New DLC is about creating the noblest of cheeses in order to be the cheesiest dictator.Big Cheese DLC10/10
,Recommended,245620,12951412,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jakhara,"One of the crtiticisms levelled at Tropico 4 was that it was purely an extension of Tropico 3; not so much a new game as an expansion pack.In a way, the same can be said for this new offering albeit with a different engine and management focus.Running through the campaign means juggling between two islands; once you complete a scenario, you either continue on your current island or switch to the second. They have the same buildings and workforce, just the scenario parameters change.  This can be quite annoying if you've spent so long playing on one island as switching means remembering where you were up to, particularly with the new management system.Gone is the focus control of El Presidente, running him around the map to help with building times and increasing productivity; instead we get an increasing number of managers with different abilities who you have to allocate to buildings.  This can be very micro-managing, especially with your `family` who you have to send abroad on tasks and then re-allocate to a building.The scenario tasks remain pretty standard compared to previous Tropicos.  Exports/imports, tourism and rebels are still present as are the natural disasters.  A nice design touch is being able to rebuild all your destroyed building post disaster rather than finding individual ruins.Overall, there are some nice improvements and the graphics engine is certainly an improvement.  This is still a Tropico game though, and not wholly different to its predecessors.  Recommended to previous El Presidente's but if you're new to the series, you would be better off starting with Tropico 4 and the Modern Times expansion."
,Recommended,245620,10215044,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Codes_Mahoney,"I love the tropico series. At first I thought to myself, ""did this edition really need to be (Tropico 5) or could it have just been DLC"" and after playing around a while, there are quite a few fundamental differences that change core aspects of the game which would warrant an addition to the series. Trade routes are a nice new feature, as well as the whole research and era aspects. Worth the cash IMO."
76561198080715197,Recommended,245620,13156212,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Voodoo,Fantastic Game.
76561197970038765,Recommended,245620,11230697,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Pong,more island fun
76561198066385230,Recommended,245620,33016218,Posted: 29 June,all,BooYouWhore,I love this franchise so much. I do hope for a 6th one!
,Recommended,245620,33167361,Posted: 2 July,all,✏️PMG GIVEAWAY GROUP  ✏,Amazing game! The Base game is great but I recomend the waterborne and espionage DLC.~~~~~~~THE FIRST VIDEO OF TROPICO 5 IS THE WATERBORNE DLC~~~~~~~
,Recommended,245620,14978940,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Tel,Best game ever. I love the series and i can't wait to see what else they do
,Recommended,245620,13360975,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Urotsukidoji,"Tropico is still one of the best macro strategy games ever made. Additionally, missions are well considered and designed. I absolutely recommend this game to lovers of these type of games. On the other hand, I prefer old Penultimo (Tropico 4) and Tropico 4's sense of humor was better than Tropico 5."
76561198122569577,Recommended,245620,11935709,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The One Who Knocks,Great Game loved the fourth and this one is better
,Not Recommended,245620,12382272,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sleepy Head,"Tropico 5 is a fun game for about 12 hours. Then it becomes a new game, namely 'Find the way to win you didn't do before', and finally it becomes a bore. Kalypso is obviously using it as a cash vector for DLC. If you're a fan of Tropico then I'll assume you have Tropico 4; play that. As it is the game will start to get stale after your 3rd or 4th play on the same map. The best way to 'freshen up' your game is to buy the DLC that should be free updates.-Do Not Support Kalypso's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-If we don't buy their terrible DLC they might take the hint and make real DLC."
,Recommended,245620,13762296,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TashmanianDevil,"Great game! One can play competitive or sandbox, shallowly or deeply immerse oneself in the workings. Very versatile. And the in-game comentators are just hilarious!"
,Recommended,245620,10223020,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Sum Ting Wong,"A great deal better than Tropico 4, from zebras roaming the great forest, to wearing a pink astronaut outfit with a pacifier, and this time it even has the illuminati! what more can a person ask for? 11/1"
76561198019597873,Recommended,245620,13801845,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,crassadon,"The only real issue I have with this game, is that it often creates copies of your ruling family. After playing half the campaign mode, and 1 game in sandbox mode, I had 5 copies of my single ruling family. Not 2: 5. I like the idea of having your family bridge multiple games, but I'll have to throw away 50% of the time spent playing this game if I want to use my family in its most advanced state. It's unfortunate this feature wasn't implimented better.The music and atmosphere of this game is great. It's relaxing to play, and makes you feel stress-free: like being on a tropical island. At the same time, you have a lot of choices to make, and really feel like your decisions are critical for your island's well-being, although quite possibly your citizenry would be well off if you took a ten year nap.. . there are a few annoyances regarding how the game ships resources: effectively all resources are always sent to the docks: if another building on the island requests them, then those resources won't ship off the island--right away--but as your island gets larger, and more demanding, it can be months before resources get picked up. and they end up getting sold instead of transported forward. The addition of a checkbox you could tick to not sell an item if it's stored at a dock, would solve this, but instead the solution is to import much more of a resource than you need and hope some of it's still there when someone arrives to transport it. And don't get all uppity at me and be all ""oh, just build more resource moving dudes:"" the rate of resource movement is fine when there's a surplus of resources. The issue is that, when your power plant needs iron, and then a ship comes in and all your iron gets sold, and now the task ""transport iron to the power plant"" gets lost. . . Then another ship imports iron, and the task ""transport iron the power plant"" is added again, but to the bottom of the queue. Then, before it reaches the top of the queue, another ship arrives and all the iron is sold again. Do you see how this is a problem? Yes, there are some things you can do to outplay the system and get to your own iron before it gets sold, but just having a option to not sell the iron you critically need for your island, would be a much more realistic, simplier solution, which does not exist. Why not?!!I've given you two issues, and these are really the most serious issues I have with the game. Most everything else is clear, and fun to play with. Oh! It does suck that you can't build new buildings during an attack: the time my island got invaded just as a two large military facilities were about to complete, and so I lost: that sucked. The island was in a state of war for a year and half: you're telling me the new barracks couldn't finish training their troops in a year and a half and come to finish off the one enemy unit that survived and slowly plinked away at my manor until it was destroyed?! Okay, so those three things suck, but a lot about this game is really enjoyableI hope that, being more aware of the issues with this game, will help you enjoy it more, because they are issues you can prepare for, and this is really a relaxing, fun, game to play :)"
76561198012683684,Recommended,245620,11961030,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Chaos Rising,"Wonderful, wonderful game.  The realism is decent, the eras system is a positive step in the right direction for this franchise towards long term strategy, and the graphics are as glee and cheerful as Tropico ever gets.This may sound to many as a astounding review of a Tropico 4 Expansion, not an entire leap forward in  the franchise's progress.  This is not to disuade those that may seek to purchase the game, but to warn of the overall downsides."
,Not Recommended,245620,12854846,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"-where is the micromanagement abilitys?No overlays that are related to your city. Only have 3 listed: Crime, Liberty, Power.-Where is profit overlay?-religion overlay?-healthcare overlays?-Housing overlays?-entertainment overlays?..stupid.-where is monthly income chart? cant manage economy without it-why cant i control my units i cant even right click for its bind'ed to build wtf?-this is a pain in the ♥♥♥ to play this game for the goal of a metropolis islands like i build.-i'm at 900 civilians and its already a pain to play, as i have no way quickly overseeing and managing my island with just overllays like previous.to top it off this game graphics engine sucks. it burns up my card because of this stupid simulation fog they implimented, its blurry and disgusting to my eyes on graphics high and low but resolution always high. You zoom in just a fuz then its not blurry at all and crisp and clean looking like my screenshots show, how it should work, but no one plays zoomed in.. how can you manage your city then.. so playing this game is stressfull and not fun at all. 3/10"
,Recommended,245620,14140785,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Zed Cola,"Very fun in many ways. You can beat campaigns in your play style instead of it being very strict of how you have to play. Playing skirmish is always a new experience. Unfortunatly, multiplayer does not live to its expectation. I only played it to farmed a couple of achievements, and that was it.THE DLC ALL TOGETHER IS £40.88 ! That's some bullsh## for so little content added for 3 games worth ."
,Recommended,245620,28071929,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lavi,"The best dictator simulator ever.Elections? Nah, too boring. Martial LawCriminals? Nah, send them somewhere elseRebels? Well, we just repelled a huge attack of Allies so let them comeNazies? Oh, well, they got gold!1 Nurnberg in War Crimes Scale"
76561198041583531,Recommended,245620,25664594,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,eklinal,"You build yourself a nice little city, money's always tight but it's working, Then there's a rebellion. It kills your soldiers, the ones you finally remembered to train, and also destroys a building or two. You get past this and rebuild.So now you have a nice little city again, money's tight but it's working, Then there's a rebellion. It kills your soldiers, the ones you finally remembered to train, and also destroys a building or two. You get past this and rebuild.So now you have a nice little city again, money's tight but it's working, Then there's a rebellion. It kills your soldiers, the ones you finally remembered to train, and also destroys a building or two. You get past this and rebuild.So now you have a nice little city again, money's tight but it's working, Then there's an invasion. It kills your soldiers, the ones you finally remembered to train, and also destroys a building or two. You get past this and rebuild.So now you have a nice little city again, money's tight but it's working, Then there's a rebellion. It kills your soldiers, the ones you finally remembered to train, and also destroys a building or two. You get past this and rebuild.So now you have a nice little city again, money's tight but it's working, Then there's a rebellion. It kills your soldiers, the ones you finally remembered to train, and also destroys a building or two. You get past this and rebuild.........Still I'll give it 8/10"
,Recommended,245620,27632201,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,venetiancoin,One of the best strategic and fun game ever but with DLCs. Wait for discount and buy the full package.
,Recommended,245620,23350627,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Virreoh,Great game. A little bit hard to get going but when you get into it it's quite a lot of fun!
76561198030511403,Recommended,245620,24260434,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Wumbo the Shipmate,"There were 5 environmentalists protesting against the pollution in my great nation. That's why I sent in three tank squads and five infantry squad. Now I don't have environmentalists.Love,El Presidente"
,Recommended,245620,25683491,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,MEMER,"Become el presidente and rule your own island. Its always been my dream to own my own country, It can be tough. civilians are alwys ungrateful and complain about pay and protest. So being the great leader I am, I choose to rig the elections and shut down protests. Im sure my people probably dont love me but my economy does okay. I guess thats what this game is all about. 9/10 would dictate again."
,Recommended,245620,29101860,Posted: 7 January,all,Kyranio,"A great game to play with friends, at a lan party for example.This game has decent graphics, and great gameplay.You need to get into the game before it starts getting fun, luckily it is rather easy to get into."
76561197995868324,Recommended,245620,10688735,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Valkarri,Very simillar to tropico 4 gameplay.  If you liked 4 you will enjoy 5.  Largest difference for me was importing and exporting for manufacuring is tougher.  Adds a lot more macromanaging of supplies to get good deals on trade agreements.  Constitution was a nice addition to game.  Multiplayer was garabage and everyone in lobby was having trouble starting a multiplayer game.  They need to release patches to make it smoother.  Overall great single player game.
76561198143196729,Recommended,245620,25827955,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PAC,Super game. Roads are a bit buggy and wish the population cap was more than 650 on multiplayer games.
,Recommended,245620,24910549,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Aquila13,"I love these kind of games. Building your own city is the finest jewel of this game. Management is also pretty good. The only problem I got is the stability of online feature. Sometimes it gives me frustration when it suddenly disconnects me from the server. Other than that, it's pretty decent."
,Recommended,245620,32914049,Posted: 27 June,all,theblock111,Can build a nucular launch center and randomly fire nukes at random countries 10/10 would nuke again
76561197992388080,Recommended,245620,32981092,Posted: 29 June,all,Mixbreed soldier,"I realy love the game, they nailed it on the tropical style and the gameplay feels smooth. I also like how they set up the campain, overall a good game would recommend."
,Recommended,245620,14678146,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,orks.,Fun game.. Play with a friend.. Declare war on your friend... Done :D
,Recommended,245620,13946481,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ExM,"Worth it's price. Fantastic humor and enviornment. Great overhaul in UI and other features. With each version the game just improves and gets better and better. Manage your own economy. Offering many ways to play the game and even a co-op experience. Manage your people and watch them fail or grow. Several options. Fantastic walkthrough as with their previous games too. No need to wonder what on earth to do because they show you what to do and how to play. Love the new elements added. Fastic single player experience or co-op experience. This game is just amazing. Easy camera controls. Flawless directions. Fun challenges!!!! A must pick up game for a wonderful experience to game loves of budget games, sims and strategy game lovers."
76561198052982921,Recommended,245620,29433140,Posted: 22 January,all,Daikataro,"Viva el Presidente!At first I was a bit reluctant to buy the whole collection on sale, since I didn't know if I would like it, now I'm kind of sad I did not buy it, will do on next sale.Game feels pretty challenging, offers a refreshing take on the tycoon genre with a unique dictatorship style spin, and it was an instant addiction after I got the hanging of it. Good dictatorship simulator, would rule again.The good:-Characters are pretty likable and well thought-Dynamics are nice, great replay value-Several possible ways to beat the game-Mods and custom missions are always welcome-Penultimo is damn funny and gets under your skin in no timeThe bad:-Tutorial covers about 5% of the game mechanics-No voice acting for like half the stuff in-game-Some pesky bugs on transport and housing (tropicans building shacks next to affordable housing)Definitely worth a buy, will buy whole collection on next steam sale."
,Recommended,245620,33184429,Posted: 3 July,all,once sniper,"More of the same. It is a good game. I have to play on stupid mode though. I don't like the constant swapping between two islands. Just as you get into it you have to swap to another island and re-remember all the details about your economy. Prefered the previous Tropico's. If you have tehm I wouldn't bother buying this one. I won't be buying Tropico 6,"
76561198023667272,Recommended,245620,15118421,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Lachender Kogoro,"This game is for every strategy-building-game lover.It has a great sense of humor, which falls between super dumb and really funny.The Gameplay gives a lot of replay-ability to it because you want to try out other types of ""Tropicos"".I really enjoy it, so if u need a game which can fill a lot of time this might be the right choice."
,Recommended,245620,33075470,Posted: 1 July,all,Prem,"You can be a democratic paradise, or an even more glorious communist dictator! I really enjoy this game already!"
76561198298324091,Recommended,245620,33083358,Posted: 1 July,all,heidibear8,Graphics-9/10gameplay-9/10multiplayer-5/10In multiplayer I like the concept of working together not competing.  I would also like selective chat now directly typing In multiplayer. Other than that the game is my favorite.
,Recommended,245620,13648738,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[TTB] Timsworth,"GOTY 2k14. Some definite disappointments coming from the earlier entries in the series, but the coop is great and playing from the colonial era to present is fun. Also, great campaign, full of twists and turns that will leave you detaining people crying for more."
76561198017760236,Recommended,245620,11703901,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,worldslaziestninja,"Tropico is the type of city builder Sim City was like, highly recommend if you like that genre of game."
76561198008335018,Recommended,245620,34392972,Posted: 21 August,all,Ironsights,"I write this review after having beat the main campaign for Tropico 5.The game is exactly what Tropico fans will expect: a relatively simple city builder with military, economic, agriculture, tourism, etc. Build a dynasty, have your islands carry over from mission to mission, and enjoy being El Presidente!If you are new to Tropico, jump right in! The game has a zen garden effect, at least for me, is simple and intuitive to play, has multiple game modes for your amusement, has loads of ""dad joke"" quality humor, and is certainly fun when looking for a break from the intensity of other gaming experiences.Give it a try!"
76561198023020777,Not Recommended,245620,12266592,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,THE CAKE MAKER,"This game is horrible compared to any other game of the Tropico series. It lacks content and depth and the worst part is that a lot of that content and depth that it lacks in game breaking,used to be in the older Tropico games and will be released by paid DLC,and the core game aredly has those DLC files,the game is pulling a Resident Evil 6 on us and you should stay way from it."
,Recommended,245620,35436750,Posted: 2 October,all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"A different Tropico. The main campaign is fun as you get to continually re invest in lands you previously played but now for new goals, that explains why the map is so big. For some reason this game really wants to be played with a console controller, a change from the previous releases on Steam."
76561198311358101,Recommended,245620,35450260,Posted: 3 October,all,南宫聆雪 繁花落尽湮残香,no
,Recommended,245620,35390236,Posted: 1 October,all,Pineapple_Guardian,Pretty cute game with nice music and comic characters.Interesting (but also casual) system of growth and expansion.Highly recommended on sales.Really cool to play with friends (up to 4 ppl in one game)
76561198121240590,Not Recommended,245620,10333272,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,TeamZissou,"I would love to give this game a positive review but I can't get past the 6th or 7th chapter of the Campiagn without a crash. I was very excited for this version of Tropico because I played the last one on 360, where there were multiple issues (couldn't have a Pop. over 600 without the game locking up). I expect more out of a big release like this. How can you have so many bugs with this game? The gameplay is fun and addicting like the other installations in this series, but the way it has been crashing for me makes it unplayable until a patch comes out, which is not acceptable for a $40 game."
,Recommended,245620,29293382,Posted: 16 January,all,JackStabber,"really cool gameplay with realistic features, educating and so stress relieving, keep up the good work!"
76561198093802291,Recommended,245620,29211647,Posted: 12 January,all,rcr2879,"Does it add much more than the last itteration?  Not really.Is it a great game for someone who has never played it before? Certainly.  Ive had it forever, and it is a steal at current prices"
,Recommended,245620,25375209,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,GOUST,"In Tropico 5, your citizens will never be happy.They will moan and b**** about literally everything imaginable.There is no way to completely please your people, even if you do everything they want.Thats about it.So to wrap it up, Tropican citizens are like needy 15 year old girls, that want everything, and complain when they get it.14/10 would demolished by ""fake"" US invasion again."
76561198021797822,Not Recommended,245620,14980292,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,psytic,This game sucks. like others siad doesnt seem to be much freedom. The tiered off system sucks cant grow industry the way you want.
,Recommended,245620,17127908,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Finnish Guards,Best game ever! Ilove it and you will to
76561198142609270,Recommended,245620,17195459,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Terminal Shit Bag Steve,10/10 Would turn to a US backed dictator and be over thrown again
76561198015035265,Recommended,245620,17194327,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Jinngo,"Tropico 4 was better, Still a good game though"
76561198026960623,Not Recommended,245620,14967795,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,bsocalk,"More of the same, a little prettier. The fighting components of the game are truly awful. I'd get my money back, if I could."
,Not Recommended,245620,15002622,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,themkn,"Honestly, nothing new here. It simply runs smoother, and is an update from the 4th version of the game. The eras is a nice touch up. If the 4th one is cheaper, get that instead."
,Recommended,245620,17134141,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Segral,Good single player game. Very challenging. Don't expect much from the multiplayer.
,Recommended,245620,17191996,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Imperial Lizard David Duke,"Great game. There are some features from 4 I really wish they had kept, but overall it's a vast improvement.8/10"
76561198003651383,Recommended,245620,17084763,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,L  Y C  A  N,this game is just as fun as the tropicos that came before it and its even better becase u can finally play with your freinds allthou there area few things i dis like and would like to see changed mainly life improvements but its still a great game even tho so many pepoule say otherwise
76561197993573385,Not Recommended,245620,14881110,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,k0ma,crash alot i would stay away
,Not Recommended,245620,15131182,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Ramsis,"Sadly I can't recommend this game. I am a big fan of the Tropico games and was excited when I finally got my hands on it to play it. But after playing it, beating the missions and doing some sandbox games, there is something definitely wrong with this version of the game. For one thing there seems to be money issues all the time. With no matter what you have set up you are always losing money as you get into the game. Your popularity goes to low  levels that you have no way of recovering from and you get military take overs with no way to get out of that situation.Tropico 4 had it all and fine tuned it and the game was just fun. This one is like Tropico 4 with less options. less fun and more frustration.  The game is supposed to be fun. And for some reason they removed all the elements that were fun in the previous installment. I do like that they tried to come up with new ideas for the series with going through time periods and having family members you can add but instead of removing things that were in prior versions and making the game much harder and frustrating .. how about just improving on the previous edition and remembering that the game is supposed to be fun too? Its not fun always losing money, having everyone hate the president and having less options in the game.Sadly  just not enjoying it like I hoped I would. I played this one a lot as you can see from my time put into it. So its not just a quick play to come to this final decision here.Tropico 4 so much better. Hopefully Tropico 5 will be improved in later patches but I can't recommend this game as it is currently stands. Sorry just was so short and disapointing. No way am I spending another cent on DLC for this mess. The game is supposed to be more fun as you get to the present and beyond. Not ridiculously unfair. Sometimes I think developers are too smart for their own good."
76561198009392456,Recommended,245620,11711207,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Harmless,Worth a playthrough. But otherewise not that high on the OMG-WTF-O-Meter.
,Recommended,245620,12948240,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,arbitalius,"И без того забавная политическая составляющая, углубилась и расширилась в пятой серии.Производительность оптимизирована довольно хорошо, на машине 5ти летней давности работает красиво и почти не тормозит.Перевод на русский: весьма в свободной форме... Но хорошо, что вообще присутствует!Из пожеланий к причастным: В целом проект идёт в правильном направлении, но хорошо бы дизайн объектов и строений, как раньше не очень сильно отличался от реальности (СДЕЛАЙТЕ АЭРОПОРТ ДЛИННЕЕ!) :)=ENG=============================================Well the project moves in right way, but objects and building design was more realistic in previous versions. Please make airport more longer! :)"
,Recommended,245620,13628229,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,oOgA,"Tropico 5 feels dangerously similar to its recent predecessor, Tropico 4; and shows a strong attempt by the developers to edge out features but maintain the Tropico feel of the game.Adding of multiplayer seems to make the game cut some slack on some of the indiviudal features as compared to its predecessor (e.g fire station has been integrated with the police station in Tropico 5).There are still some rough edges and a recent patch fixes some of it. Most importantly, the option to increasing your population cap to 10000 :DA strong recommendation to all Tropico fans and for the first timer, there is no harm buying Tropico 4 during a major sale before giving Tropico 5 a try.On a personal note, I prefer the voice of Penultimo in Tropico 4 :PHail El Presidente"
76561198042927833,Not Recommended,245620,10321434,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Jedithone,"The customisation is weaker than T4.Maybe it is going to happen in DLC.If you havent bought it, buy T4."
76561198137072970,Not Recommended,245620,10334487,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,synackd,"This game will be great (when it's done.) I dont recommend buying this game at this price right now. It's worth maybe $20 and I regret buying it. If they released a huge content addition for free tomorrow I'd change my mind. Seems at this stage to be a demo, albiet a really fun one. The game is extremely easy and has tons of personality, so I had a blast playing it. But, I tried to drag things out not wanting it to end too soon but it did. If you have the money to spare and a free afternoon, by all means get this game. I did not experience all the glitches I've read about and I only lost one time on normal. It's the best so far in the series but man, is it short."
76561198245391202,Recommended,245620,29252773,Posted: 14 January,all,Mk Foxbat,"Tropico 5 is a game that I originally didn't think I would get much out of. It seemed too simple or too narrow of a topic. Just focusing on a small tropical nation. However, I quickly found it to be quite enjoyable.Tropic stars you, El Presidente, as you and your family take your tiny colony through the world wars, cold war, and the present. Making choices about how free your people are, economic and political choices, and balancing the needs of your people, your own bank account, and keeping your grip on power. You may start out as a benevolent leader, but you may find yourself having to take drastic measures and fight off the occasional revolutionary or election opponent.4/5 Cuban Cigars smoked. Great game if a little simplistic at times."
,Recommended,245620,10220516,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dad's Gaming Addiction,"""Chances are, if you’re a “Tropico” fan, you’re going to pick this up anyway despite what reviewers may say.  As such, allow me to address those completely new to the series.  “Tropico 5″ doesn’t exactly redefine the series, but it makes some very ground-breaking additions that make playing the game much more enjoyable.  It unfortunately takes away some really important features (setting rents & wages to an exact value, etc.), but adds almost just as much to keep things interesting.  If you’re on the fence about dropping forty bucks (the price as of 4/30/14), then go and download “Tropico 3″ or “Tropico 4″ for much cheaper.  They won’t give you the full experience (“Tropico 4″ with “Modern Times” comes closest), but will give you an idea if you can handle life as “El Presidente”.  If you can’t, then you’re only out ten or twenty bucks instead of forty.  As a whole though, “Tropico 5″ is a joy to play and I’m looking forward to many, many hours of ruthless dictatorship the likes of which my Tropicans have never seen.""Full Review:http://www.dadsgamingaddiction.com/tropico-5/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV5nXXBQurIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWwZJ1GAeCQ"
,Not Recommended,245620,16900162,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Stronk Stalinium,Check your computer for Direct X11 and also the Direct X-11 Graphics card.Without that then i'm sorry to say that you cant play this game.You see I had played Tropico 4 and could run it perfectly but with this game i couldn't because I didn't have 2 things on my computer. So I warn you that you should get this game check before you click that buy button check that you have the DirectX11 + DirectX11-Graphics card or you cant run this game. (although you'll get to the launcher when you try o load the main game you wont be able to and you'll get a message saying that you need DirectX11 + DirectX11-Graphics card to run it.)
,Recommended,245620,12089645,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Tankred,10/10 Would become a dictator again
,Recommended,245620,11513703,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,relion65,"This game is great... there probably going to nickel and dime you to death from the dlc, and with that said... would still recommend it..."
76561198065527798,Recommended,245620,11760590,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,cj_mecham,"Tropico 5 is a good game that has the potential to be great.  In this iteration, the developers seemed to have maintained the core mechanics that makes the game work and took several tentative half-steps in a new and mostly good direction.  This cautious innovation has produced mixed results.  Few of the new changes or features are bad, they’re just unfinished or poorly implemented and it becomes painfully obvious when one plays the game that they were not carried out to their logical ends.  And even though, on the whole, it is still a fun experience the game suffers because of these half-steps.The Good:-Ambiance and artwork.  Tropico is more scenic and beautiful than ever and the soundtrack is the best yet.  While I don’t find the humor in Tropico 5 to be nearly as amusing as Tropcio 4, it still maintains that sardonic sense of humor that is part of the Tropican experience.  I was also underwhelmed by the voice acting and characters.  While not bad, they lack the personality of the characters in 4.-The Eras.  This is actually one of my favorite parts of the game.  I like the progression from era to era and the way national and international politics is different depending on which era you are in.  I like the continuity as well.  I like the aesthetic of having colonial buildings existing alongside modern ones.  I thought that the addition of tourist buildings that derive extra benefits from nearby colonial buildings was a nice touch.The Bad:-The almanac.  In Tropico 3 and 4, all the information that a diligent dictator needed to run a country was easily accessible and clearly presented.  In 5, the almanac, while still containing most (but not all) of the same information, has made it much less accessible and readable.-Rebels, coups and civil unrest.  It is not uncommon, for me at least, during the cold war era to have an approval rating above 75% and yet still have a major problem with rebels which often number in the dozens and seem to spawn out of nowhere.  This relates to the almanac in the sense that it can be difficult to discern what exactly the problem is based on the information provided.  Sometimes when I examine individual rebels it is not uncommon for me to find that they are often gainfully employed, generously compensated, comfortably housed and give my regime high approval ratings.  This makes no sense to me.  In addition, the rebels seem overpowered.  I actually like the idea of not having exact numbers and perfect intel on rebel forces, it adds a level or realism to the game.  However the mechanics that govern their behavior and combat abilities seems broken to me.-Missing Features and buildings.  This is, hands down, the biggest complaint that I have.  To give one example of this: the police now serve as law enforcement and fire protection.  The latter they do well enough.  The former I’m pretty sure they don’t do at all.  It’s maddening to see people identified as crime lords and rebels by the police, walking around without the slightest fear of being arrested or shot.  And in any case, there’s no jail, dungeon or labor camp to lock them up in.  That’s just one example.  There are several buildings, edicts, and activities (e.g. campaign speeches, official workplace visits from El Presidente, the secret police with their extremely useful and covert skillset.) that are missing from Tropico 5 that really need to be there.  In this respect Tropico 4 is actually, at this point, still far superior to Tropico 5.The Half-Steps (i.e. good and bad):-The Dynasty.  The most underwhelming of the new features, the dynasty function feels like it was tacked on at the last minute and is not fully integrated into the game mechanics which is too bad because I think there are some interesting possibilities.-Research Tree.  While not especially deep or complex, this feature does add a nice progression mechanism to the game.  I like it much better than buildings simply becoming available after a certain year.-The Tropican Army.  It’s nice to see that the Tropican armed forces have finally learned how to fight as units as opposed to individual soldiers.  It’s also nice that they’ve learned how to drive tanks and fly jet fighters as opposed to displaying them as useless set pieces like in Tropico 4.  That being said, it is very unfortunate that, for all their improvements, they basically still suck at what they do.  As far as I can tell, when the palace is threatened, all units (that haven’t already been routed by the super-rebels) will converge on it to defend it.  Other than that, there seems to be no centralized command and control mechanic that governs how your soldiers and their support vehicles behave.-Multiplayer.  I have not tried the multiplayer mechanic and have no interest in it.  While I’m sure that there are those who enjoy it, I thought from its announcement that it was unnecessary and out of place in a game like Tropico and I wish that the resources dedicated to its development had been tasked to other aspects of the game that are lacking."
76561198095921854,Recommended,245620,15633649,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Captain Von Baron,Its cool
,Not Recommended,245620,12393528,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Leonxavier,"Whatever happened to Tropico? Simply put, it went downhill.Tropico 4 was far superior for gameplay and re-playability. Yes, there are improvements in the graphics, but they are far outweighed by the backward progress in the gameplay."
76561198031861309,Recommended,245620,13256159,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Warwold,"Tropico 5 offers a wide range of choices for building a city. Industrial, agricultural, or commercial cities all provide amusement.The era system feels great, and trading in the game has never been better.The missions are diverse and funny, with some being a pain in the neck.Technology is nicely executed.I certainly enjoyed watching my people withstand hardships (since I am a dictator).Foreign relations are greatly expanded, and are more complex, accompanying serious dilemmas that can decide the fate of your city.Military power is straightforward and easy to handle, although I wished for more options.Every building seems to be handsomely illustrated.Concerning transportation, I expected multiple road systems, such as: bridges, tunnels, ext.Tourism in the game is really exciting, but most of its buildings are expensive, which can halt construction for a period of time.DLC? meh, don't even bother.In conclusion, Tropico 5 runs smoothly and is fun to play. It brings this simultaneous feeling of simulation and pleasure.Go buy it if you liked Tropico 4."
,Not Recommended,245620,10678644,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Aralous,"This game had a lot of potential to be good, but unfortuately pales in comparison to its predacessor Tropico 4. The jokes aren't funny and many of the same issues from the previous game are still preset. Just get Tropico 4."
76561198031777870,Recommended,245620,29246915,Posted: 14 January,all,Terry,"Outstading, great, unbelievably original. Haven't played earlier titles, but this one rocks.Unfortunately the adwertising was so dull, that I got this only now."
,Recommended,245620,12506693,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Silverdown,"This game is fun and very enjoyable however,  in single player mode it is fine, however, in multilayer mode after about 45 minutes into the game everything slows down, you can't do anything but scroll then it eventually locks up and you have to task manager close it after alt tabbing out. I do recommend it but that has to be fixed. both computers are able to handle it just fine seeing both computers can handle every other game just fine."
76561198122022007,Not Recommended,245620,17195083,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,♥satanic muffin♥,"soooooooo boring i rather watch ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cat videos _-_ that says enough about this ""game"""
,Recommended,245620,29409427,Posted: 21 January,all,Master Shifu,"This is the first Tropico game I've played, and I'm having a blast. Alot of people that played the previous games in the series recommend number 4 over this one. I can't speak for that, but if this is your first Tropico game you will not regret getting it!"
,Not Recommended,245620,24092276,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,PickledAxe,"I find Tropico 5 to be a decent game.Some of the additions compared to T4 are nice, like the era's. Others feel contrived, like the dynasty system. Assigning managers to buildings becomes tedious quite quickly, and not very rewarding in most cases. Both T4 and T5 ask for a bit of micro-managing, and while T4 makes it feel meaningful, T5 makes it feel like a chore.The game feels less fleshed out and polished compared to its predecessor, and I find T4 a lot more fun to play. I would advice potential players to buy Tropico 4 with all DLC on a sale instead of T5."
,Recommended,245620,25509299,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Thievishlogin,"played 8 hours of this on the day i got it, is as good as 4 if not better in the slightest degree.Would recommend getting it on sale."
76561198003500396,Recommended,245620,22274909,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,"I'm Rick James, Bitch","I love Tropico 5. I was a little hesitant after reading some of the other reviews, especially since I had only played Tropico 2 before and hadn't played the last few versions of the game. I have to say though, the most recent installment definitely is what I'm looking for. Foreign policy, winning elections, and charting new trade routes keep the game feeling fresh and fun, plus the eras help provide the player with new challenges and abilities as the years go by. Overall, great game and I definitely recommend it!"
76561198018694096,Recommended,245620,10632609,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Harves,Invaded Poland 10/10
,Not Recommended,245620,29372368,Posted: 20 January,all,GTB,"Save your money and get Tropico 4 instead. Tropico 5 takes all of the freedom of the previous versions and carefully parcels it out to you in stages, while eleminating a lot of the deeper elements. This is basically the EA version of Tropico- dumbed down for the lowest common denominator, and fed to you in tiny spoonfuls so you don't get overwhelmed. I suppose if you've never played any of the previous games, it's... okay."
76561198024409136,Not Recommended,245620,28196102,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,The Philosophating Phrog,Hey you ever played this game called Tropico 4?Because you've already played a slightly better version of this game.
,Not Recommended,245620,11814507,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Phrux,"Enjoyable overall, but far too streamlined. Somewhat of a disappointment, if you want to play Tropico play Tropico 4, especially with the Modern Times expansion.The Dynasty feature was my favorite part, but too many quests, too easy, too much hand-holding.An example- workers no longer need to walk to their place of business to count as working. Hooray, right? Well... If you hate garages and the entire set of infrastructure that went along with that. The walking was very frustrating- but it made the game more satisfying when you figured it out.In Tropico 5 you don't need to figure it out. I was halfway through the campaign before I realized you could scroll down on the almanac.Just too easy."
,Not Recommended,245620,11668028,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Shawn,Tropico 4 is superior in nearly every regard. There is no reason to buy T5 as it's a frustrating step backward.
76561198032984241,Not Recommended,245620,10373561,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Lemanyax,"Played many hours. First let's start with riots. I have 75% support, yet If I banish a crime lord, 200 people rebel. If I order kill a rebel, again big group of riot starts. After the riot ends, homeless people and unemployed people rise. I mean I have 600 open jobs 200 unemployed, (nothing to do with education they have same ratio) I have more than 400 empty houses (modern apartments, apartments, tenanments etc.) Yet I have over 100 homeless people. They roads are connected with more than 30 parking lots and metro station. Yet people refuse to work, get in to the house. But if I demolish and rebuild the house, people move in, yet it is huge waste of resources and it is a bug. Second secret police and jails? We had it in tropico 4, yet kalypso suprisingly forgot to put that? Intraction with citizencez expcept for bribing them, will imidieatly cause riot/protest/uprising. If I kill a rebel, bang uprising. If I banish crime lord, bang uprising. If I discredit some leader, bang uprising. I mean, secret police should do that and normal people should not know about it. Crime Lord's must autmaticlly get in to the prison by the cops. But Kalypso ""forgot"" to put that in game. Luckily they will publish DLC's that everyone can afford...Buy this game if you are really huge fan of it. Otherwise you'll get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,245620,35239792,Posted: 27 September,all,Nozzy,"One of a kind city builder, become that dictator of your own Island nation. Is a must buy if you love city builders"
,Recommended,245620,34177238,Posted: 11 August,all,Acapella,Love this. great time waster.
,Recommended,245620,29294331,Posted: 16 January,all,Owned Thijs,Great game. If you love city builders you'll get tons of hours of play from this game. Runs smoothly and looks decent. To me personally the humor in this game really cracks me up. I definitely recommend this game.
,Recommended,245620,35391665,Posted: 1 October,all,UltraNinja,Honestly i really like this game andi can`t wait till Tropico 6 comes out!
,Not Recommended,245620,11887127,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,BabaYaga,не стоит времени и $
76561198032776596,Not Recommended,245620,11116878,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,t.m.aarseth,"Tropico 4 was a slightly more polished Tropico 3 with a few more buildings. Tropico 5 is far from a remake of Tropico 3 or 4 - But not in a good way. The features and mechanics of this game are, in addition to beeing unpolished, just bad features. The era concept look entertaining on paper untill you realize the only one that matters is the last one and everything up to that is a chore and not at all entertaining. The mulitplayer is a complete joke. What bugged me the most is still the way you regulate a buildings budget. This system is supposed to reduce micomanagement (just what the city-builder needs) but ends up giving you much more micomanagment and less control over your citizens development.This might be a good game after an expansion and a couple of dlcs. But I would still not reccomend buying this game and rewarding Kalypso for releasing what is, plain and simple, just a bad game"
76561198006489992,Recommended,245620,14772771,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Captain Australia,"I don't think this is a terrible game, and if you're bored or not worried about the cash - sure, buy it.But it's not great.  I think the series (or developer) has gone a little bit creatively bankrupt .. clearly struggling to find new ways to reinvent the game.  (Which, strictly speaking, I don't think you need to do - you can just improve on the existing formula).What I mean is - rather than look for substantial changes, make iterative ones - make the underlying financial simulation stronger, make the graphics better, make the islands larger ... and then make it all about the story-telling and controlled challenges in the scenario.Instead, it feels like they've kind of tried to reinvent a bit .. consolidating concepts that came up in Tropico 4 DLCs (like changing eras) and introduce them into this game.  Problem is it all feels shallow.  There's this dynasty concept where you can have children, raise them, have them fulfil roles in your dynasty (but you yourself don't die, apparently).  There's just .. I don't know .. a shallowness to it all that makes you start yawning before you're even halfway through the game.They've also left core elements out of the game, and a lot of the stuff that made Tropico 4 interesting (such as balancing the factions) has been de-emphasised in Tropico 5.It feels to me that Tropico 5 is kind of like the wanna-be cool grandad of Tropico 4 .. it's actually older and less edgy, but it tries to dress up in a younger persons clothes and act cool .. but you can kind of tell it's struggling to keep up the charade and running out of ideas.It was hard to decide whether YES I DO recommend this game or NO I DON'T.  For me it's marginal .. if you're looking for a city builder with it's own personality, why not ?  It's not a terri♥♥♥♥♥♥game .. it's just not great."
,Recommended,245620,12359910,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,kinoida.lj,"I was a bit cautious about this new version of Tropico. We've had sort of love-hate relationship with the previous ones. First two were amazing, third was a complete disappointment, fourth was fun again, Modern Times was a total failure for us.Well, logically Tropico 5 should have been great. It wasn't. It was AMAZING. On numerous occasions during the gameplay we've got a feeling that authors overheard our conversations and implemented all our wishes. We're not through the whole game yet, but for now everything feels perfect. The scenarios, the sense of humor (as usual), the game balance (yahoo! you don't have to build hundreds and hundreds of apartment buildings)...Highly recommended for all Tropico fans!"
,Recommended,245620,12324047,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,The Falcon,"A great alternative to the ""other"" city simulation franchise. Decent humour, moderately satisfying gameplay. Has issues though: Unrest issues, homelessness, traffic, lack of warehouses, non-replenishable resources, etc. The game's info screens are not good enough to give clear info on how to handle these issues."
,Not Recommended,245620,11764654,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Trollie,Scum.http://steamcommunity.com/app/245620/discussions/0/540743212127795791/#p13
,Not Recommended,245620,23970446,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CLF_ZimbatheLion,"Well, I've been to Cuba twice, 10 weeks, and Tropico 4 was a total riot!This however is an awkward console port? And the interface is just awkward. So many ""new features"" that actually diminish your abilities from what used to be granted. Now you have to scout the map, now you have to press X to close a window, now you have to open the build meny and the bulldoze function to delete a misplaced road? Okay, perhaps not for me!Tropico 4 is a nice game. This I do not know what this is, and I do not need to or care to or want to know what ever this is.Stick to Tropico 4 for happiness. Pick Tropico 5 for disappointment."
76561198030000692,Not Recommended,245620,25018532,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Commissar Sebastian,The game is broken.DO NOT BUY THIS.Rebels are op and form even at the lowest level of difficulty with 70;80 even 90 % satisfaction can get triggered in a huge rebelion.(not only that there can be multiple rebel uprisings at once.Constitution laws don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will have about 15-30 imigrants coming in always.(this is a poblem if you face a had time).Sandbox generated maps are not generated they are just a pool of verry few islands.Not funny.One might argue that oh well you know the devs are trying to get a point across like you can't keep control on everything an you will fall eventually. (your head should be pretty far up your♥♥♥♥♥to jeperdise your game to get a political point across) I am saying this becouse i doubt the devs didn't notice that the game at medium difficulty is nearly impossible.
76561198022210599,Not Recommended,245620,25074509,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zilch,"I do not recommend this game because of its various bugs and flaws.First of all: This is like the 4 games before in this series. The concept is not new: build your island, control your money, eliminate rebels, do a tiny bit of diplomacy. After one or two tries you will realize that this game is much to easy compared to other simulations.And there are some really annoying things about this game:- You can't control immigration. Even if you restrict immigrants to only educated people you will get swarmed by them. They will be homeless and unemployed and rebel costantly.- You can't control stored goods. Even if you essentially need goods like Uranium, the game will sell it. You even can't check how much goods you have stored. Only in your harbor and that's where you don't want to have them- the transportation system is completly bugged. If you add tourists your roads will be one single traffic jam. But your people completly ignore alternative roads but simply pick the shortest route. Even if it takes years. Also you are forced to place production buildings directly next to the resources. Otherwise they will never get them. And later in the game even that doesn't work.If you want to play a city simulation that really works then try Cities Skylines. This one will only frustrate you."
,Recommended,245620,25117728,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Stephen,"I have had a lot of fun with this series. Is it perfect? No. But as you build your city, your putting into place the laws/rules of your country. Some of your people will love you, others will love to see you hang. You dont have to please them all, just keep the majority and you will survive."
76561198009549869,Not Recommended,245620,10248214,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Nummy Cookies,"I bought two copies of the game because it had multiplayer support.  Apparently there is a known bug where it freezes on multiplayer after a random amount of time and there is no option to save a multiplayer game.  I'll update this review when when they fix the game.  Until then, keep your $70."
76561198000431590,Not Recommended,245620,10248240,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Argent,It is not a bad game but it has too many problems which limit the fun.  It is better to buy Tropico 4 instead.The game is considerably harder with a stronger military focus.  You absolutely must build your military up to high levels which means your economy will be strained.  Unfortunately it is excessive and stupidly implemented. The UI and generation of your characters and island are not very good.  The are less buildings and the game needs more time control.It is relatively attractive on par with Tropico 4 and the quest system is a little better.  I did not enjoy the music much but YMMV.  The game makes an attempt to cover a longer time period with eras and dynastic elements which needed to be implemented better.Buy Tropico 4 instead.
76561198007386203,Not Recommended,245620,10238925,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Isuel,"Feels like a Beta to me. There are some really promising features in this game (ex. dynasty, trade ships) but not so many. Definitely wasted potential. And what irritated me the most? Boring as hell Colonial Era. Really bad music - not even close to the old series. Forget about any singers. Textures without shadows and details. Only one variant of each building and four clothes/faces for your presidente. You just can't stop people from coming to your island (even with Constitution options!) – and there is no emigration office to help you deal with this problem. No options for restarting current missions – from main menu you can only play full campaign from the beginning. And there are 10 missions in 2 islands for the entire game! And of course they removed many cool building from Tropico 4 ex. Police stations is now also a fire brigade, only 2 types of schools, forget about zoo, tourists shops, golden statues (they give only 2 gardens size with no variations!). No options for education profiles, tv programs or kinds of films to play in your cinema. Only a few different models of peoples. As a big fan of series it seems to me like they don’t have money or time to finish the game properly so they sold what they have. Sad. Now I understand why they give you free copy of Tropico 4 and “future DLC”."
76561198002988867,Not Recommended,245620,10247896,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,goodison,"I really can't tell if I like this game or not - even after almost 6 hours play time - the graphics and layouts are fun, but my god it's time consuming, thank Christ for the speed up option, but getting to the modern era, the power grids don't seem to be working properly .. in fact, testing in sandbox 2 power stations COULDN'T supply enough power to one steel mill located right next to it, with bugger all other factories built.  Research takes ages unless you build more than one library - a pointless unrealistic option if I only have a tiny island.Stick with Tropico 4."
76561198021780720,Not Recommended,245620,10243800,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,jbrannigan,Definitely not as good as Tropico 4. Buildings are available later such as trying to provide housing.  Only thing available at first is a house.  Takes several research times to get to a tenement - same with other buildings.  Too much political not enough providing for residents.  Buildings also not as good.
76561198073380932,Recommended,245620,13468707,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Kniescheibe,"Finally a step forward. Combined with the DLC´s the content sufficent. But the price is quite high if you buy everything. The new features with trading routes, Multiplayer, research or different eras are all great implemented. Furthermore the game feels a bit harder to prevent riots (which is a good thing to me). Best Tropico."
,Recommended,245620,12191578,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,"Géza, akit nem is így hívnak","It's still Tropico! It's pretty, it's funny, and fun... Although offering fewer options for micromanagement or the closer review of your population compared to Tropcio 4, which slightly bothers me. Trading is a handy addition and exploiting it is necessary to keep the island running, and the heavier focus on the citizens' political leanings makes keeping everyone happy a tad more challenging, although the endgame, as always, is the least interesting and exciting part of the game- Tropico is about the journey to greatness, not the destination. Overall on some fronts it feels a tad simplified, for better or worse, than the previous games. A little spread thin, if you will. Still recommended to fans of the series and citybuilders in general."
76561198125701022,Not Recommended,245620,17592824,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DmjLarz,plain and simple my GAME IS UNPLAYABLE
76561198116799074,Not Recommended,245620,17236197,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jonathan.lasso87,The game is horrible.. in a way that you cant even play it. the game starts you get to create the info for your island and ruler.. then. it loads and all you can see is the sea... you click on the map to see the island and it goes crazyall black screen. my video card fully supports the game my computer surpases recommended specs and im at a loss of money. worst.. Steam has a return policy but no where to submit the request..
,Not Recommended,245620,13414411,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,JamesRGB,Not a significant enough improvement over Tropico 4 to warrant an additional purchase.
76561198042997929,Recommended,245620,24042197,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,il pomodoro,10/10 would presidente again
,Recommended,245620,23885044,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,GreatGizmodo,"Tropico 5 is an extremely detailed, hilarious game that's basically a dictator simulator merged together with a city building game. I think that this blend of two interesting genres really works, and I have a lot of fun playing with my friend, competing, but also helping, each other.I highly recommend this game, though it is certainly a lot more fun if you have some people you know playing with you.Overall, I'd give it 8/10."
,Recommended,245620,29896890,Posted: 13 February,all,Amos Burton,"I was looking for a good alternative to Banished, when I saw this baby in my collection.Not having played any of the previous Tropico's, I was in for a hard landing; And boy, was the learning curve was steeper than the slopes of Mount Killamenjaro...First a giant wave wiped everything off the map; reload.Then a bloody volcano erupts right next to, well everything. Reload.Then, built as far away as I can from that volcano, thinking I have everything locked down (economy, trade, happiness, freedod of worship, job security, housing), I ally with the Axis (because why not), theFREAKING ALLIES INVADE MY TROPICAL PARADISE, and proceed to raise everything, one building at a time...9/11, Would reload again!Seriously though, this game is quite fun!"
76561198260564181,Recommended,245620,25215091,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Miss Me 102,This is a great game if you have played the other tropico's then you will like this tropico. It is a great modern city builder with great graghics. It is much eaisier to navigate than Tropico 4. It is also a much harder game than Tropico 4.
76561198121728839,Recommended,245620,17592979,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Communist milkman,fun satiracal political city builder that has easy controls helps me spread communism overpriced dlc 9.5/10
,Not Recommended,245620,29241602,Posted: 13 January,all,Biscotti187,"I feel bad leaving a negative review, I really do, because a part of me wants to love this game and I burned many hours on Tropico 4. However, I haven't finished the campaign and do not feel the DLC merits spending because of glaring gameplay issues and I really hope the developers read this and there will be a new and improved Tropico 6. The short version is that you will probably be better off buying 4 if this interests or taking a pass if you are only tacitly interested in city simulators. On the off chance that a developer will read this though (or if you are really curious), there is a long version below.I want to start with the positive. The new look of Tropico 5 compared to 4 is an improvement, the basics of running an economy is still there and I appreciate buildings like the office block which rewards you for building a large and dense city just when natural resources will start running out. I feel like if they expand ways for you to make money outside of pulling crops, metals and oil out of the ground then the sequel will give people the freedom to construct much more personalized cities that fit their own styles. I also like that a new level of complexity has been given to elections but that is where we quickly run into problems.The fundemental problem of Tropico 5, which made it too frustrating for me to want to finish, is the dimension that requires you to keep control of island despite elections, coups and revolutions. People who move from Tropico 4 to 5 will be startled what a much larger role factions play in getting re-elected. Now you can largely ignore basic services and as long as you build a new church or start taxing the rich at election time you can make huge gains. Unfortunately, this is very poorly communicated. The most effective thing to do is to see which factions have the largest populations, see which ones you can make happy at the same time and then tailor your constitution and edicts accordingly. However, while you can guess who will like what changes (ten dollars for guessing the Religious will like a Theocratic State) there will often be people who dislike one change that you could not really have forseen and because there is also a penalty in relations from changing policies that people liked you are quickly trying to fix them all before all of a sudden you lose.I get the feeling that the first couple levels were trying to familiarize you with this system but because I was able to beat them without going in-depth, and no text pointed me in the direction of the factions, this was a poor tutorial. I ended up having to look up why I was having so many popularity issues (strictly in the game I mean). A tooltip under edicts, buildings, and amendments that told you who liked what and by how much would have gone a long way. If that is too much handholding it would be fine if there was an option to disable it. However, it would allow one to more effectively build a coalition by avoiding decisions that will permanently and unforeseeably damage relations with one faction. Without being able to be that effecient, I feel like I am constantly trying to patch relations to please these factions so I do not suffer a game over. While some people may like this, I feel that these challenges should force a player to adapt their city, not completely rewrite. The way it is now, I feel that I do not have any substantial control over how I build on the map and then ruins the city builder fantasy for me.Along similar lines, if we had more information on triggered revolts and coups then I feel like this game would be alot less frustrating. I saw other people calling attention to this in the comments and I feel like it would go a long way towards helping. I am not sure if the difficulty itself actually need to be reduced but I definitely feel that I do not have a way to address these fundemental obstacles in the game, lose, eventually get frustrated and just quit. I mostly play it on the offchance of a eureka moment that will finally let me finish the campaign, but I am not holding out much hope. I hope great strides are made in Tropico 6 but I will have to wait a while before I decide to buy it."
76561198399755685,Recommended,245620,35238804,Posted: 27 September,all,Erie,Enjoyable can keep you busy for hours.
76561198114673844,Recommended,245620,10281665,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,SimManiac (Alex),"Very Great game! The Sandbox, campaign and multiplayer are all amazing. The art style and updated graphics help bring the new feel to Tropico 5. There are some things i miss from past games but many of the new gameplay features make up for that. Multiplayer is alot of fun, competing and battling. 100% Reccomend it if you are on the fence and into these types of game. This is a great addition tot he Tropico franchise and keeps the humor and great gameplay that the past games have.~Sim"
,Recommended,245620,10438985,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Diego 'Scoutmaster050',"Tropico 5 is a very good game, probably one of the best in its cathegory, i have not played the other games in the Tropico series and therefore i can't compare the this one with the other 4. The game has got some great graphics, and some awesome gameplay. You can play this game for hours and it won't bore you.I strongly recommend this game.9/10"
76561198002911536,Not Recommended,245620,24386408,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,tancque,"I liked tropico 4. Really played quite a lot and it was a challenge to finish the campaign. So I had high hopes. Alas, I must say that tropico 5 doesn't live up to 4. The new game mechanics, especially ""the constitution"" is easy to master. To win a scenario is no challenge and the campaign is basically a repeat of previous moves with new buildings. The ""npc's"" like penultimo and the radio lady do not add atmosphere to the game...So, I would not recommend this member of the tropico family."
,Not Recommended,245620,35271605,Posted: 28 September,all,Gay Fax,Tropico 4 is better. Wait for Tropico 6.
76561198030751248,Not Recommended,245620,17274565,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,pacati,"It's an addictive game, which makes it all the more infuriating when a game you tell it to save... doesn't save.  I've caught it in the bug too, checking the save time of the file that was JUST saved, and finding it a few hours old (loading the game confirms it's not displaying the save time incorrectly).The game is over a year old, and among the many bugs is the inability for it to consistantly save your game.  Un-freaking-forgivable.  And I played Cities for years, so I have a huge bug tolerance.  Not saving the game consistently?  How do you justify that?"
76561198054350044,Recommended,245620,10420687,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Neon.blu7,GLORIOUS!
,Recommended,245620,17209574,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,CaptainCookie,Its So Good!
76561198093727516,Recommended,245620,17724603,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,SN34KY FR34K,"good and better than Tropico 4, DLC's are mostly♥♥♥♥♥♥and over priced, nothing new from kalypso to be honest. play with an open mind to enjoy."
,Recommended,245620,10224183,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,FlipFlopFloop,"The one thing I really like about Tropico 5 is that they really tried to make a new game. Anyone who's played the last 2 Tropico games knows that they're basically the same game with a little graphical touch up. Everything in Tropico 5 is different, from the apartments, to the power plants, everything has been redone.A lot of mechanics have been improved to feel less redundant and more intuitive. Now you can clearly  see how much space plantations will require, and gone are the days were you can't figure out how to get rid of the ""garage overloaded"" message.The campaign has changed in a big way. Maps from the previous missions are saved and you pick up where you left off in the next mission. No more having to start from scratch, the campaign is much more rewarding, and finally allows for building sprawling cities.But my favourite thing about the campaign is that it is finally challenging. I loved Tropico 3, but some of the missions in Tropico 4 were so mind boggling simple, they were exhausting. Tropico 5 brings the challenge in a new way and actually encourages building sustainablitiy instead of suiciding your treasury for mundane mission goals so you can win and start over.I haven't played the multiplayer yet, and I don't really plan to. This is the first time a Tropico game has really interested me with its sandbox mechanics, and when I'm done with the campaign I think I'll spend a long time trying to build the coolest island I can."
76561198137134938,Not Recommended,245620,17236480,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Mowdef,Poor Game
,Recommended,245620,16787998,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,AgentTwister,This is definitely a great game to buy. Only problem is that the military is a bunch of losers and decided to rebel while the rebels are rebelling! 10/10 Would rebel
76561198252682150,Not Recommended,245620,25522055,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NightKnight,"I perfer the older ones 1000% over the new ones like this. The games controls are confusing and frankly it has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ soundtrack, i didn't like how hard it is to control the interface as well troops for that matter. Never found out if you could move your avatar gave up after trying and getting the annoying menu pop up. Buy the third Tropico just not this one if you want to have fun.the only good thing about his game is the dlc's and increased grpahics. I like the disaster annimations as well but thats it. Not worth $28. get this game on sale."
76561198065656911,Recommended,245620,12928563,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Frogurt97,"A tropico game, plenty of fun and the campaign is awesome and if you played 4 you know what to expect though the game does have a few anachronisms, like......irrigating fields with a helicopter for $500 in colonial times.....There is also a little less....detail to the game, such as as before you could see how many students went to a school, but now you cant. Also with building like clinics and banks their are less options to what they do such as in T4 you could have them helping a certain type of person e.g life expectancy, fertility, general health. Though now you cant.Plenty of humour though =)Overall very enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,245620,10306784,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,blackmustang,"After playing Tropico 5 for long hours, I noticed that Tropico 5 is just downgraded version from Tropico 4 and the developer didn't remove the population limit, even I tried mods to remove the population limit and it didn't work.In next Tropico: Population limit = no money from me"
76561198053457776,Not Recommended,245620,10371042,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Logethepraetorian,"As a big fan of the Tropico series: This game is good, But not good enough to recommend. Here's the difference between this and Tropico 4By the way these are the things that pop right at you:Contrast: (Bad) They got rid of how your government is raised at the begining and Traits aren't as large.  Maps aren't as large and nice. The music  doesn't seem as good to me.Contrast (Good) Eras They're all good besides the colonial era. The Campaign seems more important than the last. It has much improved graphics, The combat seems more accurate: Like you have a sqaud of 6,000 guys and the enemy has sqauds with about 7,000 guys or so, Which sounds better than Rebels- 1 Your army- 12, <--- That made me fell small and puny, Like what if an actual military came it'd crush me.Both good and bad: The trade system you can trade more things, But if your people are starving and you build a banana farm, They'll export it.If you're a Big fan of the Tropico series you might want to  consider buying this, But for the Newbies just buy Tropico 4."
,Recommended,245620,10221255,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MACH.VI,"A nun was a crime lord on my island, totally recommend it! 10/10"
,Recommended,245620,10232653,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Honk,"Told Penultimo to seduce the Queen, Got my mandate reduce by 5 months and ultimately died because of him. He kept calling me Presidente so I fought the Invaders. Died had to restart because I didn't save. Worth it."
76561198176695549,Recommended,245620,35319774,Posted: 29 September,all,HazmatChemical,"The DLC is crap. Don't get it. Tropico 5 is a good game, just don't get the DLC"
,Recommended,245620,10233940,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mr Pilgrim,"You know? I love this game. It is so fun to play, and I do extreemly enjoy it! But the one thing... That I was so dissapointed with this game? The soundtrack. It is so weird, and... just... Flat out depressing to me... At one point I had to turn on the Tropico 3 soundtrack. I mean, most of the songs were good, and I enjoyed them, but others were just... egh... I think it was mainly it was just... All instramental, and kinda more modern music crammed into it which is not something I'm very used to in a Tropico game's soundtrack. Idk, thats just how I feel about it. Some of them were prety good, some of them are kinda dissapointing. GREAT GAME! YOU SHOULD GET IT! Just, soundtrack's not my thing...~Pilgrim"
76561198070511736,Not Recommended,245620,31782126,Posted: 15 May,all,DonnieLove,"I love Tropico games, as you can probably tell by my hours spent on Tropico 4.  I would actually advise purchasing this game even despite its deviation in gameplay for one reason:  it is fun.  However, every few hours I've experienced crashes for absolutely no reason.  Trust me when I say it's not my rig, though the haughtiest PC gamers out there simply say 'buy something better' (the monetary equivelent to 'get gud').  Telling you right now, it isn't a rig problem.  It's a windows problem.  If this rig can run Heart of the Swarm on high settings without hiccups then there's no way that Tropico 5 should be too much to handle on the lowest settings.I've done just about everything I can to find fixes, work-arounds, and so forth, but every piece of advice I get is ""update your graphics driver, play on lower settings, turn off this or that.""  I've spent an entire week doing every single thing I can find to fix this; underclocking software, heat monitoring, forced updates to drives that didn't even need updates, screwing around in regedit, confirming it was in compatibility mode, always running it in admin, and even a factory reboot.  Still happens.  Still no clue why.  So, I say this to you:It's a fun game, but you may well have to deal with random crashes and playtime loss with zero warning and pretty much zero logic.  This seems to be prevelent with specific graphic drives (AMD and Nvidia) and almost always on Win 8 or 10.  If you don't mind that type of frustration then go for it.  Have a blast.  Just don't say you weren't warned."
76561198094685911,Recommended,245620,17586244,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,TimmayTim,Games pretty fun once you get the hang of it
,Recommended,245620,16008345,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Caitlin,"Love this Game! Super fun and lots of different ways you can play the game.The graphics and music are great and really creates the atmosphere, and the story and element of history makes it interesting.Only exams are stopping me from playing it all night long"
76561198065199148,Recommended,245620,16467592,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AutismoTheGreat,Pros- Great Graphics- Different time periods to progress through- more resources- more industry- higher population capCons- Hardly anyone playing Multiplayer- Glitchy multiplayer- boring campaign- difficult af to get past colonial era
,Recommended,245620,10214685,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Viktard,LOVE IT. Played 6 hours in one day. A huge set up from the last Tropico's there is so much to do. and diffrent eras you can be in. I reccomend this game to everyone!
,Recommended,245620,17303807,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Sully,"Ah, it is fun being a ruthless dictator, becoming friends with the Americans and Russia,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the Middle East, building a beautiful paradise, having a max wage of $25 and putting my counter in $70,000 debtTropico 5 is one addicting game but oh god it is soooooo fun! They improved on the graphics to make it more colourful. The dialogue, radio, and pop-up objectives significantly and now I cannot stop laughing whenever I get one. Cutscenes make fun of the reality of the world.The game takes itself lightly and it is greatly appreciated and enjoyed. Great game to kick back and play and enjoyable for all types of gamers. I recommend buying it if you are looking for a new game to play :D"
76561198010875870,Not Recommended,245620,10230992,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,70457,"Redo the multiplayer function so its possible to pause/turn down gamespeed, then ill recommend. Not much else to say, the game is fun, well done and exactly like Tropico 4."
76561198010479045,Recommended,245620,16855160,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Peter Pan,"Tropico 5 is still a Tropico game through and through, although it is a slight step below Tropico 4.There has been a lot of reviews that say that Tropico 4 is better, and it is, but Tropico 5 is still a fun game and that doesn't mean you should skip it.In Tropico you still play as a lovable dictator leading his latin america island to glory. You have to manage the economy, population happiness, military defence and politics in order to survive.There is flexibility in what economy you want, whether it be exporting raw materials like iron and coffee, turning them into goods like steel or canned food, or tourism.Politics is more advanced than in Tropico 4, where you have the Constitution which affects your country in different ways, and what you choose will affect your standings with the external world powers and also the internal factions in your country.The things that Tropico 4 did better are little things like Penultimo being voiced by a goofy hilarious voice actor, but in Tropico 5 he sounds like a monotonous person with no charisma.Tropico 4 also had nice music with the singing, but Tropico 5 doesn't.These little things however create the funny and fun atmosphere that Tropico is famed for, and something that is slightly missing in Tropico 5.Overall Tropico 5 is still a good game for people who love the franchise. But if you have never played Tropico 4, that game may be more worth your money."
,Not Recommended,245620,30602577,Posted: 18 March,all,Death Grips for Kids,um! not as good as the previous one!
76561198007998879,Recommended,245620,12868380,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Moisha,"It is very fun game. It is not complicated economical simulator or hardcore war tactics strategy. No. You get colourful, pretty island in your hands and do whatever you want, enjoying humours things, that happen all time. It is a bit repetative,  but still - very enjoyable."
76561198014194685,Not Recommended,245620,31171640,Posted: 15 April,all,Andor,It's pretty blah. Stick to Tropico 4.
76561198071740996,Recommended,245620,34424210,Posted: 22 August,all,Hammurabi,"- So I start off with 50,000 dollars with a beautiful palace, a few country houses and a corn plantation. The U.S.A sometimesthrows me a few scraps to keep me afloat as I start to build more houses and a highschool- Highschool is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and there is still shacks as far as the eye can see, over-run with starving communists plotting revenge against Presidente Cristo. In spite of this I build a Catholic missionary to help the religious find god- Capitalist figure approches me and asks me to build two family resorts, and instead of building the actual resorts I thought that she just meant any tourist attraction in general.- I build three cabana villages alongside the beach, where fat, drunk Americans can party with their chubby children while the starving tropicans can look from the steamy, ebola filled poverty-shacks.- I end up going into dept, about -3,000 or so, I try to build a lumber camp and a lumber yard to help boost the economy and that crazy communist ♥♥♥♥♥ at the jolly rodgers makes the worst sound I have ever heard. I wanted to throttle her throat, but alas, this only ended up planting the seeds of vengance later.- Commie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s start protesting about ""Hyper-Capitalism"" and ""Negative Dept"" and stop working (Like they worked anyway) so I attempt to build a barracks to send the infantry to kill them. Alas, I was now in even deeper dept, about -5,000 or so.- I build a fort from the colonial age, whats funny is that my game takes place in the Cold War, while my whole army still uses shoddy matchlocks they probably assembled at home- I send them to erradicate the protesters and they do so very slowly, but still win. Than the rebels came to destroy my Lumber Mill, and then my army destroyed them. Albeit with a few deaths on my side, but still a victory.- After a bit of fishing and wood-cutting, I begin amassing money like we've never seen, 30,000 dollars at most. So begins my final plan to flush out the Communist threat that plagues our society, Éxodo comunista, the genocide to rule them all.- Out of a 100 citizens, I try my best to target the Commies for Assination, sadly, children cannot be targetted but I planned to keep an eye on them. I sent my country into dept (-10,000) due to this, but the extermination was slightly successful. The street were littered with corpses and commie shacks were burnt down. But due to extreme dept and some sneaky rats a Coop was formed against me..- As my former military fire bomb my beloved palace, I come up with the pettiest plan ever. I demolished all the houses, all the plantations, all the mines, lumber yards, warfs and inns to drive my rebelious detizens into starvations and poverty.- And in El Presidentes final moments, before the palace collapsed, he could sea the whole beach sprawling with shanty towns as the communist scum that dwelled them shook their fists in rage as the beautiful mansion sank into the Earth.Burn in hell, Commies."
76561198063912318,Not Recommended,245620,31596292,Posted: 6 May,all,sank,"5 instalments and into modern era, no highway, no railroad, no roundabout, no 4 or 6 lane road. Almost all buildings come with no variety, the few which do has little differences in the look. The game looks like made in 90s.Multiplayer continue to fail, you can only finish a game in one go, loading save fail. Road is a mess in mp, the restriction on roads is so destructive. Try so many time with friends to atleast make the game worth it, still all the time spent feel wasted as the save fail never ever solved.The upside of this game is the relatively easy to get full archievement, though still consume lots of time to do so.Not recommending this as there are better city building/management game and personally a game like this with an impossible MP is not a good choice."
,Recommended,245620,27710626,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nick (Hakaku),RIP Castro
76561198050716274,Recommended,245620,24912416,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GlitterRainbows,"This is my first tropico game, and I think its amazing 10/10, would be king and queen of cheese again"
,Recommended,245620,26994017,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xnux08,Penultimo is the ugliest llama in all tropico island
76561197993668605,Recommended,245620,11753707,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Dirty,It's  just.....'meh'
,Recommended,245620,30069488,Posted: 20 February,all,Chip Rescue Ranger,"Nice game for those who likes econimic strategies. In addition, this game have military kind of aspect."
,Recommended,245620,10876233,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,kram225,I have previously played Tropico 4 only. I thought that was a good game until I bought this.
,Recommended,245620,13040810,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Inetman,"The game has it up&downsides. But I love it, and could recommend it to everyone who likes indirect control strategy games. Also, if you know who was the first time travelling dog, which Fellowship doing booming sounds in the mines and so on, and so on — read in-game texts and have fun! Because as El Presidente used to say: War... War never changes."
,Recommended,245620,27721423,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MCslappypappy,Amazing graphics and endless content CHECK IT OUT
,Recommended,245620,24128970,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,[Ausk79]Alriosa,Buy this game.*Go Sandbox Mode*Huge map.*Start in Colonial Era.*Give some wool panties to the boss*Go to WW Era.*Don't let Become Penultimo a superhero10/10 i would let Penultimo be the new Batman.
76561198015070706,Recommended,245620,16773411,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,DEATHJABBERS,"The game is very similar to tropico 4. The gameplay is streamlined and simplistic, even moreso than its predecessors, and this somewhat detracts from its depth of gameplay. It is, however, intuitive and obvious to pick up and play.The only major fault I've seen are the bugs. Roads will get jammed, industry buildings will fail to produce, and several other buildings will sporadically fail to function properly - despite flawless planning. As the game has been out for over a year, I find the lack of bug fixes to be somewhat offputting, especially when you note the massive ammount of DLC there is.If it weren't for the sporadic bugs I'd give this game a 9/10; when it works, it's a fun and intuitive game.However the bugs can really make the game unplayable. If you don't feel like fighting a losing battle against glitches on 1/2 your play experiences, you might want to skip this title. Otherwise, it's well worth the $9.99 75% off sale price!"
,Recommended,245620,13808955,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,asterion,nice game
,Recommended,245620,15045825,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MonkeyC,"If you like city building strategy management games, or Age of Empires/Mythology - Tropico 5 is top notch.The missions are fun and some can be a challenge. I have wasted a few hours here and there on failed missions, but that doesn't take away from the enjoyment of the game.Unlike others I have played, you are not restricted in where or how placing specific buildings. Obviously there are a couple of rules that need to be followed to maximise efficiency, but you're are pretty much left alone to build what you like where you like. The game is very deep and if you love micro management, comedy politics, trade and resource production then this game really is for you.The only thing that bugs me a little is the camera control or lack of. Otherwise this is a solid game and I strongly recommend it if you like your strategy management games."
,Recommended,245620,10856107,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Blood&Diamonds,"Pretty decent game. Obviously very similar to 4, but with some new features and new buildings. I haven't played 4 for awhile, but this one seems to have more building upgrades and little tougher technology/research structure. The campaign is pretty good."
,Recommended,245620,10416199,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,HawiianHobo,"cooooooolllllll♥♥♥♥♥shit, however in Multiplayer, lag is insane in the later Eras and is sometimes unplayable, also the island choice is kinda limited and some buildings like mines or fishings docks are only placeable in plop points on each island."
,Not Recommended,245620,10383078,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,CRiSDeMaN,Tropico 4 is better :/
,Recommended,245620,13733617,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,pakteri,Bought it last night. So excited about it! :)
,Recommended,245620,11654976,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Tiefster,"Quick pros and cons of Tropico 5Pros:-Grander scope-You can research techs (as opposed to Modern Times where you had to wait for buildings to unlock)-Constitution is a fun dynamic-Trade routes are a great addition and extra docks are more than just another pick up point for exports-New edicts and edict system (""freebies"" to the people aren't a sure fire way to please the people I've actually had to repeal free food in some cases)-More unique raw resources and industry options-More robust politics and diplomacy-No more ""one economy fits all"" economic strategies-Less ""build building x to make people y happy"" missions-Campaign is greatly improved, you play on two islands that remain unchanged mission to mission-Building upgrades no longer exclusive to industrial and residential buildings-""Repair All"" button after a disaster is a welcomed additionCons:-Learning curve might be a little steep for newcomers compared to older Tropico games-Politics can be muddled at times-Spending money to explore the island is dumb-Invasion combat seems one sided as my defenders have only won twice despite being fairly robust-Building aesthetics through the eras are unchangedOther Thoughts:-Managers system is a little useless in the early game-Dynasty system is interesting but there's no real introduction to it-It's slightly more difficult to gauge what your citizens want so popping up a few churches, clinics, and markets is not a sure way to make your early game citizens happy-I saw a lot of reviews saying most of the humor was taken out of the game which may be true when it comes to building descriptions and the radio broadcasts but the dialogue of your advisers and foreign powers is still pretty funnyIf you're a fan of the Tropico franchise or city builders this game is easy to recommend. However, if you were expecting the same old Tropico you may be little disappointed at first."
76561198125977721,Recommended,245620,11761287,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Chase,BEST GAME EVER    BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,245620,30281719,Posted: 2 March,all,StowOwnsYou,"I think it gets a lot of unnecessary hate.  There are only two real annoying systems in the game - a timed first era, and an INCREDIBLY destructive spy system with the DLC.  Once you figure out how to mitigate both, you're going to have a good time.  Figuring out which structures need roads, benefit from roads, and don't give a darn about roads is a rough trial and error process however.Didn't touch multiplayer - There can be only one El Presidente."
76561198025376643,Not Recommended,245620,28201463,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Little Phoenix,"Oh boy... Where to begin.Oay so improving graphics is nice... But... Being more defination does not mean their clearer.  There is no way to filter trees and aside from clearing them I had one or two diffiulties placing roads that essentially went from a forrest.Aside from one or two advisers, most did not make it into the new game, so we've lost the interactions between some of the background characters. This banter made your advisrs feel more then just a pretty picture.Building wise, you had more to Tropico 4 then 5 offers, so the buildings were more varity.  Aside from more militry buildings, I cannot say things are overall better. To put it short for every ""improvement"" no.5 of this series offered, no.4 offered in a more clunky but better way.In short... Skip no.5 and stuck with Tropico 4."
76561198117047139,Recommended,245620,15815362,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Cave Johnson,i love tropico 5 some times i play it for 4 hours but i dont understand why there isnt a chemical plant you mine a chemical   inthis game buaxcite  is a chemical so why doesnt this game have a chemical plant ?
76561197970604057,Recommended,245620,15903126,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,pr0ktologe,"The game is great! It feels almost like playing the first tropico. There isn't much new, but still a lot of fun.Humor is great and the game bound me to my computer for hours.I havent tried the multiplayer-mode but hey, this is a game about dictatorship, not friends!Negativ is, that the missions are just too easy, and that they didn't tried to implement bigger changes.conclusion: must have for all that want to play tropico 1 in better graphics or dictatorship-newbies!"
76561198080796827,Recommended,245620,14222646,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jussie,"Great city building game , especially if you like the chance to act a little more freely (immorally) than the usual sim city , cities , etc.  There is enough content and plenty of different buildings available.  One thing i would have liked is more control over military units , which would have created improved chance of using different strategies to beat the bad guys.  This games has some pretty eye candy and an attractive soundtrack.  Both pluses in my book.  Unique enough to come back to many times .  Think i would like to check out its predecesors now, and maybe fork out for the expansion.Runs smooth on i7 4770k, 8gb ram, 280x and windows 8.1 with all the candy at max.Thanks"
,Recommended,245620,24274329,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,CeeToTheZee [GBNST] #newpc,Very Unamerican!!!But fun! 10/10
,Recommended,245620,29425715,Posted: 22 January,all,Obo909,"A very fun addictive game. I recived it on sale and im glad i did, at first it might seem like a down grade of the first game due to there being less building options with decoration, but the mutiple eras and new manager and upgrade system make it all the while worth it. personaly I woudnt pay the full price for this game but if its on sale for 50% off or more then its a must try for those who enjoyed the other Tropico games."
,Recommended,245620,23151476,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sydney,"I have always loved this game, I don't even know why. I can't even explain it's allure. Seriously  just play this game."
76561198095185245,Recommended,245620,27752148,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SirHaegae,El Presidente will show us how to Make Tropico Great Again
,Recommended,245620,13695870,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,"So it's a really polished Tropico 4.I recommend getting Tropico 4, unless you're using a Windows 8 OS. The only reason I really bought this game was so that Tropico could run on my current OS."
,Not Recommended,245620,13686187,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,CinnamonToastKevin,Fun.....For like 5 minutes
,Not Recommended,245620,11718425,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,tomtalk24,"Done it, done it again, and now with 5 I'm doing it again :/I cant seem to enjoy 5, the magic went with 4. Save your money until they start making a new version, or they offer a better sale price."
,Recommended,245620,15063988,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,l4p1n45,There is good in it
76561197978741417,Not Recommended,245620,11608378,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,S500220,you are unable to realisticaly fight off the rebels. everything else is good but this makes the game very poor to play.couldn't reccommend it to a friend.
,Not Recommended,245620,14841154,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Hmm,"I bought this game, in the hope to find a good city building game, which I'm sure it was, however despite this: I found that the game would not function properly as far as the game would not go in full screen correctly, the taskbar would still be on the screen, whilst the game running in full screen mode so some of the screen would be unaccessable, meaning windows would still be running in the background thus affecting frame rates and how the game runs etc. I run a 1920x1080p monitor, a common resolution yet I got this problem; I tried to fix this by trouble shooting however the fixes did not work such as ALT+ENTER etc. I attempted a reinstall many times however the problem persisted. Luckily, I got the game for £12 on sale, so not as much money was wasted, however a game that has been out for almost a year and is pumping out DLC already, shouldn't have any issue along these lines under any circumstances. Despite this, I was very lucky because steam offered me a refund due to its issue. On another related topic: I would, from the gameplay I've seen, heard from friends and the brief while I played, I would reccomend this game for gameplay however, if you have a 1920x1080p monitor, I would say it's not worth the risk, especially at £30.As advice to people who may have purchased this game and experience this issue or any game affecting issue significant enough for the game to not be playable, it is against UK law(only applicable if you bought and use this game in the UK), and you are entitled for a refund, however luck and good tech support is required, which I was fortunate enough to have.Thank you for reading, for the developers on the other hand,Please fix your games and don't let this happen again."
76561198082705132,Not Recommended,245620,10506706,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,ultimateshogun123uk,do not get this game its so slow paced and boring the youtibe vids make it look amazing but it isnt i wasted £30 on it and i wish i hadnt bought it DO NOT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i spent 1hour on it and got knowware maybe im just bad but thats my opinionthanks for reading :-)
,Not Recommended,245620,15036970,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,sirNemanjapro,"It's not really Tropico. It's something, broken.Controls dont work as they should. Gaming expirience is not that good. The game throws a curveballs that you cant recover from. For example, when crown, rebbles or any other force attacks. You are not given any notice to prepare, at all."
,Recommended,245620,29251387,Posted: 14 January,all,Gutter,"Game is very fun, has a lot of depth in places you wouldn't realize immediately, like placing farms next to certain other farms for giant production boosts. Like putting a sugar plantation next to almost any other farm gives it a huge boost."
76561198042109745,Not Recommended,245620,14023145,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,ShadowWeaver02,"I've tried to like this game, but it is just unplayable."
76561197990815878,Recommended,245620,14089513,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Harnith,"This game was hours of fun. Vast improvement from 4, I would recommend getting the DLC."
,Recommended,245620,10281390,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,They Call Me El Civ,Watch the video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LF-G1z2DPg&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,245620,13772560,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergeruz,"they don't have moist as a climate option, I demand a full refund. Complete ripoff of game! I expected better from you, Obama!jk this game's awesome please don't hate me :D"
76561198026088595,Recommended,245620,16827775,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,TKOEF1112,"The game is fun and entertaining.Funny situations:- Having both the Axis and Allies invade my island for trying to trade with both.- Watching a large group of german tourists walk by my nuclear launch site (oh don't mind that tourists, that's my nuke silo)I only have one problem, and if anyone knows how to resolve this, please let me know!  I have workers who can't find work and workplaces that can't find workers at the same time!  I have parking places and metros nearby, cheap housing close by too, but I can't for the life of me get these workers (who are qualified) to go work at these places, even though I gave the workplaces a good enough budget to attract workers."
76561198020307966,Not Recommended,245620,12020029,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Merum,"I can't recommend this title, despite it being somewhat enjoyable to play. The cheeky story and humor are there, but, if you're looking for an experience as deep and challenging as Tropico 4, you will be disappointed.Unfortunately, as with many games of recent issue, this game suffers from dumbing down for console play. Lots of things that experienced Tropico players know and rely on to really add depth to the game are gone. The most useful overlays, such as occupancy, profitability, employment level, newspaper, television, and rado station types... all gone in favor of being able to play the game on limited hardware with just a few buttons. In fact, radio stations are gone altogether. You cannot directly set wages at buildings anymore, in favor of a ""budget"" system that supposedly sets wages, but in reality allows you NO control over wages to properly prioritize your economy. Rents and entry fees on homes and service buildings also gone, in favor of a simple button saying ""Tourists Only"". You can see these glaring oversimplifications everywhere you turn.The campaign is far too easy, and I was able to complete it in about 20 hours with no failures, really. The dynasty system seems pointless and can be ignored without affecting gameplay in any way. In short, Tropico 5 is to Tropico 4 as the Texas flag is to the US flag... a dumbed down, easy reader version of the original.Also, I got the ""Big Cheese"" DLC as part of my pre-order for free, and this is a good thing, because I would have been really upset if I had paid for it. All it adds is a singlee building, the creamery, and ONE, count em ONE mission... which is 100% more missions than the game came with outside the original campaign.Look, I'm not a console player. I don't like console games, because I prefer something a bit deeper. That said, there are some console-type titles I have enjoyed and do enjoy playing. If this is the future of the game industry, then there are some pretty dark times ahead. I'll be putting this back on the shelf and playing user content in T4 instead."
76561197993596701,Not Recommended,245620,13303683,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Friese,"I really, really wanted to like the game, but seriously if you like Tropico you are better advised to play Tropico 4. More buildings, more fractions and all in all more fun. Keep playing Tropico 4 and wait that some DLCs finally improve the game."
76561198112294276,Recommended,245620,15630168,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,_SpookyM,"I have no words to explain how astonishing, amazing,and fullfilled dreams the game is.23/6 Bring your♥♥♥♥♥to buy this game and play."
76561198043447579,Not Recommended,245620,10318887,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,KenseiOmega,There is a lot of good in this game but too many steps backward from Tropico 4 have soured me on the experience. This is a game that 6 months to a year from now will probably be amazing but there are too many pieces missing right now for me to recommend this game at this time.
,Recommended,245620,11233515,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,wiNtєD.,Simply awesome.
,Not Recommended,245620,11772748,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TooMuchHairProduct,"Honestly, I was just expecting more from this release. I completely finished the campaign of Tropico 4 and love the hell out of it, but I feel like this game was built on the same engine. They reuse the same animations and camera angles from Tropico 4 for a ton of things that happen regularly, like tsunamis. The game doesn't look noticeably better than Tropico 4, and there aren't really even many new building types. The only new additions are a research tree which is ultimately a waste of time because it doesn't give you meaningful upgrades, the ability to apply managers to buildings based on certain traits (it's a really passive thing), and what else, the islands stay the same from level to level? Both of them. Furthermore, the game runs sort of poorly. All in all, if you can get this for cheap and haven't played the previous entries to death already, go for it. Otherwise, save your money and your time."
76561198007469069,Not Recommended,245620,12647887,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,doktorproktor,"Ach... what have they done.Tropico  has always been funny, charming and clever. Tropico 4 had all of this in abundance, and what kept me coming back was the immersion it created. I really was El Presidente, and it was a blast toying around with all the options open to me, regardless of the shallow simulation and lack of viable options for all types of dictatorship.Tropico 5 however, is dull (dare I say embarassingly unfunny) , lacks all the charm infused into it's predecessors (the representations of El Prez, his staff  and his family are devoid of any personality or wit), and all the clever political satire that kicked in everywhich direction (right or left, east or west, rich or poor, everyone got the finger of ridicule pointed straight at the flaws in their propaganda) has been stripped away.What you are left with is a shallow simulation with limited options and poor gameplay. You'll be tabbing back out to your games library before you reach the third era in your very first playthrough, looking for something, anything. Because surely there is better entertainment to be had elwewhere.Buy Tropico 4 instead, or else ..."
,Not Recommended,245620,11739852,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ix,Broken. Crashes a few minutes after start even just left on the menu screen. Should not have shipped.
76561197990367374,Recommended,245620,15762639,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,MalistiX,"Tropico 5 is a good simulation game and even a great one if you have never played Tropico 4, because this game is very simulair. The new sandbox lets you travel trough historic events and offers a more balanced experience. Overall the things holding this game back is the horrible DLC plan and the fact that older entries in the Tropico series are too simulair. Still recommend it tough."
76561197975130561,Not Recommended,245620,13221343,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,aboutjosh,"So simple, not nearly as entertaining as the earlier tropico games. Mediocre at best, but I say find another rts/sim game."
76561198074626791,Not Recommended,245620,14982328,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Vulcan Raven,"Nice game but lacks content after a few hours playing it gets boring and there is only 1 skin for a building so if you have 40 rural houses the 40 will look the same, try to get it during a sale"
,Not Recommended,245620,17502054,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Arctic,"Im sick to death of the DLC culture, I am over the direction video games are headed, I loathe all video game companies and I am over these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥putting extra prictags on features that should be day one core basic things. Never ever pre order anything no matter how pathetically shiny ""they""make itI have a beautiful fantasy of walking into a gaming company board room when they are looking at what they have created and they start chipping away at the games soul, when they put it under a micrope and dissect everything that makes it great for future DLC options. Just as the king kike has taken his last♥♥♥♥♥♥on the fan base i walk in and start blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥heads off.Tropico 5 could have soard high with the eagles but it was tied to a wrecking ball and thrown into the water, ♥♥♥♥ you kalypso kill yourselves$40USD stock game$80 DLC$120 and still risingPro tip no body gives 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about avatars or avatar accessories your DLC pacakages are weak as ♥♥♥♥, all your doing is trying to ♥♥♥♥ me in the♥♥♥♥♥by selling me back what i already rightfully should ownI hope someone firebombs your studio, and drives round the block and hits jewbisoft aswell"
,Recommended,245620,29221339,Posted: 13 January,all,Lavguy,Cuba simulator
76561198053835839,Recommended,245620,30038611,Posted: 19 February,all,Coach,I regret buying this game
,Not Recommended,245620,24914607,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,François Flynn Long,Auto save system is♥♥♥♥♥♥it saves the game every 5 hours and manage to crash 2 hours after saving everytime so Im basically still doing the second mission
76561197991668677,Not Recommended,245620,25015654,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Jos,"If you didn't bother reading the reviews, this game is entirely a Cuba simulator.  It's not a city builder like we all believed.  That being said lets just say the rebel uprising is very common even among populations with 93% approval ratings.The lack of instruction and detail in the tutorial is laughable,  you can actually fail the tutorial.  I needed to increase my entertainment rating just as the game instructed me to and I also did the other quests.  My approval rating did not rise above 32% it just stayed idle even after completing said tasks.  I failed the tutorial.TL;DR This is a $10 game, not $25"
,Recommended,245620,11169700,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Reverend D,"If you've played any of the previous Tropico games, you're bound to like 5. The game changed a bit from 4, but still has the same feel about it. Build a communist haven, a capitalist grinder, an agricultural uneducated police state, or just make a Tourist hotspot...Really enjoyed how the game progresses through historical stages with totally different strategies to them. Highly replayable, excellent sound and visuals, and a great value."
,Not Recommended,245620,18416349,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Ajaarg,"Not really very good. Too military-focused. Too much focus on the multiple-period thing, which doesn't really work, or make sense. I believe this qualifies as milking a dead horse, at this point."
76561198026486487,Recommended,245620,14994675,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Zebulon Montgomery Wakefield,"It's okay. I bought it for 30$ on sale, and haven't got my money's worth out of it. DLC is crap, gameplay is fine. It has about 2 sandbox games worth of VO content that tends to be very amusing. Cities all feel the same in the late game though, and there tends to be a ""correct"" way to play, which doesn't gel well with me. A lot of systems are odd. It's almost great. A few alternate building models, some buildings dedicated to avoiding natural disasters, some more interesting mechanics for trafic and roads and pollution, and it would be a different, awesome game. As is, and knowing what I do now, I wouldn't buy it for more than 15 dollars.Suitably amusing."
,Recommended,245620,14992258,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Spooky Steve,"i attacked another player, as soon as my troops left a tornado came and desroyed what remained of his town.11/10"
,Recommended,245620,33037578,Posted: 30 June,all,The_Uncle_Sam,Ever wanted to imitate your favorite Communist Island Dictator? This game is the game for you. Always enjoy the subtle humor of this game and for the most part it is kid friendly. Highly recommend to anyone wanting to relax in a single player setting... or if you want to prepare to establish an island nation of your own...
76561198009896297,Not Recommended,245620,22324798,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,szwierzy,"(Note my comments are strictly holding to the base game.  I have not played a single expac/dlc.)T4 just felt like a more compelling and engaging product.  Managing the army felt better, and also playing the tourism side felt more interesting.  The Campaign for 4 definitely felt superior too.  5 has some improvements: less guess work with construction, and I like managing the plantations/ranches in 5 (unless you are talking hydroponic farms.  Really Calypso?  High school graduates?!  You don't think that doesn't totally bork your game?)  but I do miss running the prison farms from 4.In short, I may remember a few small details wrong because it's been years since I played 4, but I do remember being super satisfied with my experience with 4.  Not quite with 5.  I liked it enough, but I wouldn't recommend it.Oh and Calypso, after playing Prison Architect, the only way you are getting me to buy the eventual T6 is if you provide  a layout mode.  Guessing, placing, cancelling construction, replacing, maybe cancelling again, etc. until i get the building placement perfect (I hope) for my future plans is something we need to get passed.  Presidente' has access to paper and pencil.  It is well within his/her capabilities to plan ahead."
76561197985177086,Recommended,245620,12952696,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DeveN,"If you played tropico 4, and enjoyed it then it is ok to buy this game"
76561198045147690,Not Recommended,245620,24219505,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,[ONS]Emanouche,"Love the game, I cannot say anything that hasen't been said in other reviews exept for this: I am disapointed that the full complete upgrade pack is not sold on steam. I rebought Tropico 5 complete onGOG.comon sale for 16$. Never buying a Kalypso game on Steam ever again."
,Recommended,245620,11393547,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Fumar,"Even tho I like this game, personally the game feels unfinished/could of done better. Overall 7.5ish"
,Recommended,245620,25045546,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Maserati Gamer,"A great city builder that comes with the standard features and more unique options(Coups,Uprisings, War, Disasters)ProsScenariosGood multiplayerMod supportGameplayTradesWar aspectsEdictsUpbeat MusicOptions to bribe banish Kill or arrest every citizenConsBuilding speedsSudden uprisingsVariety in maps/Buildings/Vehicles8/10 Would recommend it to anyone A ton of fun"
,Not Recommended,245620,10248432,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Itsmeee,Stick with Tropico 4.  There are some improvements that I really enjoy in this game but they removed a lot of the diversity in buildings.
76561198067549411,Not Recommended,245620,10245360,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Royal Blood,"overall dissapointing. beat the campaign in less then 18hrs. what happened to games with 40+hrs for gameplay.Pros,new erastime travelMore military imput on missions and buildingsMine actually in hill sidesmultiplayertradeConsmines run out quickerNO salt Mines :(     Personally my favorite.....no landmarksless evironmental buildingAlmost no faction interactionless tourist buildingsno weather stations. 10+ people die every disasteronly 4 maps in campaignbugsssss (construction on one island (spaned 4 missions) would get 99% complete then stop, had to quick build everything)Tropico 5 is a step back, would rather play tropico 4.Don't buy until its 1/2 off because it feels like only 1/2 a game."
,Recommended,245620,10223698,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MetaM0nster,"As a fan of the Tropico series, this one failed to disappoint.  There are many new features, and some remastered old ones!Pros===-Eras add a new layer of gameplay-World War II and Modern times, not just Cold War-Invasion doesn't mean game over-New buildings-More economy depthCons====-Disasters on occasional is not occasional.  It is frequent.-Lack of residential buildings-LAGGY MENU!!!-Invasions are difficult to ward off10/10 should play."
76561197987185769,Not Recommended,245620,10233994,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Logan,Tropico 4 just slightly tweaked...
76561198069352820,Not Recommended,245620,10257836,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Bloodam,"SO ITS UNFORTANITE THAT ID HAVE WRITE A NEGITIVE REVIEW BUT THE GAME SIMPLEY DOSENT WORK ON MY COMPUTER ALTHOUGHT THAT MAY BE DUE TO MY GRAPICS I DOWNLOADED THIS GAME A GOOD HALF HOUR AGO AND WHEN I ATTEPMTED TO PLAY TUTORIAL, SANDBOX, CAMPIAGIN. ALL WOULD FLASH BRIGHT COLORS AND NONE WOULD ACUALLY SHOW ANY OF THE GAME LOADING SCREENS AND MAIN MENUE STILL WORKED AND LOOKED REALLY GOOD. I AM REALLY DISAPOINTED"
76561198047591905,Recommended,245620,29328119,Posted: 17 January,all,Intellectual Genius,"""Your approval rating is 65%, and the economy is booming! There are no unemployed, and everybody has a home!""5 seconds later""Presidente! I am so furious!, there is a rebel uprising on the island!""These people can't make up their mind, and then when they get angry, they rise up, and destroy the things that make us money. This isn't how you make the government reform you jerks."
,Not Recommended,245620,30649416,Posted: 21 March,all,chipe,the roads in this game refuse to be built in some of the most basic of ways. makes the game nearly unplayable.
76561198110860929,Not Recommended,245620,26188764,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tsar931,What a half A**ed attempt of a game? Sequels are supposed to have more features not less. Do not buy.
76561198019270119,Not Recommended,245620,26200948,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mr Patel,Just kinda not that fun....
,Recommended,245620,16293860,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,lizbethbear,"I love Tropico, its so fun and pretty."
,Not Recommended,245620,17548287,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,リサフランク420 / 現代のコンピュー,"Kalypso""We make TWO ♥♥♥♥ing games thats essentially the same as the third tropico but with just a few more buildings and at insane prices our fans are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"":^)"
,Recommended,245620,27756188,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,headsink,Fidel Castro is dead. He was immortalised here in this game.
76561198126113835,Recommended,245620,21288579,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,ZombiGamingMC,Want to be a dictator? Buy it. Like city sim games? You won't find something better. Want a PC game you can pour hours into? Tropico is your game. Nothing more to say. Tropico 5.
76561198117391036,Not Recommended,245620,18388953,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,DustBust,"Tropico has always been a favorite of mine since the initial release but the trend of this series is becoming a money grab and they are starting to mess with the game mechanics too (they release more game mechanics through DLC)So the core game itself is pretty streamlined with basic buildings, not too many options in each category. You cannot see the building upgrades make an impact on the appearance anymore. Its very stripped down, prepped for DLC unfortunately. The limited options you have with buildings make ""less"" impact than they used to. You no longer see people visit entertainment locations. Previously, you built more entertainment buildings if they were becoming overcrowded but thats not the case anymore, less control or micro managing which takes away from an economy style game.After reading some of the bigger DLC packs, many players have complained that some of the game mechanics should have been in the core game and the DLCs offer more player strategic options.Why am I rating this down? Its because it costs $120 for everything this game has to offer. If your a fan, pick up an older title on sale with all the DLC, it will be much more rewarding than buying just the core copy.Its a great game but their model needs to change."
,Recommended,245620,15642104,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Deygus,"If you love City Building Games then I highly and most certainly recommend this game for sure. It is by far the most interesting and tedious city builder there is to date which covers a lot of ground to keep you busy and reeled in for hours on end.There are only two major complaints I still have about this game - read why below.1 - The Multiplayer was horrible at first and because of that the game got a really bad wrap from the get go so players stopped playing it online due to the issues it originally had. On a positive note most of those problems were fixed and it does work very well online now. However, due to that bad start it may be hard to play it online unless you go to the community or get a friend to join you.2 - One of my biggest problems that I have always had with this game with each of it's following game sequences is that the buildings are way too repetitive as in all of the building types are the exact same. So once you get further into the game you'll notice that you have lots of areas with houses and buildings but they all look exactly alike with absolutely no variance whatsoever. I have repeatedly complained to them about this in every series and nothing has been done and I doubt now that it will ever change either unless a ton of people start to do the same. One thing though that does make it a little better is the different building types and the added buildings from the dlc but still if you have a bunch of houses and similar buildings you will notice that and it may become an annoyance. If you can look past that then you'll enjoy it! On top of that the Eras also do help aid with that in changing the look of several types of buildings after upgrades have occurred from advancing in time but many do not such as housing unfortunately.Anyhow though, aside from those two issues it is still an epic game and I definitely think it's worth the price in full but if you'd rather wait for a sale then I would certainly recommend grabbing it for sure to say the least!"
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,245620,31911044,Posted: 22 May,all,stuguy909,"I was always on the fence about the Tropico series.  Then I picked up Tropico 4 for free, and Tropico 5 was on a sale so I picked it up and gave it a go.  It's fun for a time, quirky humor, definitely has good graphics, a nice campaign, and I found myself compelled to complete the objectives, build up my city, etc.  However, it gets boring and falls flat.  The city building isn't overly strong, and it isn't overly weak.  Combat is a lame waste of time.  Diplomacy is a minor annoyance, and the limited number of buildings makes the game feel cookie cutter after a while.  I guess, I love Sim City more than I love playing a dictator.  The city planning isn't all that important unless you have OCD.  Completing objectives aren't all that hard.  If you have the cash, just build the stuff whereever you can and it somehow works out in the end.  I don't think I will buy another Tropico game.  The genre died after Sim City 3000."
,Recommended,245620,11828166,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,☭Communist Tornado Gordo☭,Awesome game. I wonder if there will be a sixth?
,Recommended,245620,27689339,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RuffGaming,"This game is sooooooo fun and well made, you should definatly get it."
76561198040294428,Recommended,245620,27976051,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hillary Clinton's Private Server,"A very fun city builder, but with political control mixed in! Start a war with Russia or the US. Base your economy on lama's and cows...or become a beautiful tourist spot!The only con is...there is no snow. Why won't it snow in Tropico!? Penultimo MUST figure this out."
,Recommended,245620,13772394,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kanu,"Having a great predeseccors is the doom of this game. It is actually as great as the previous games of the series. Of course they should have add somethings like detailed economical graphics, reason percentage of the hapiness levels etc. but it is one of the most playable city building game there is. Expansions are expensive but Steam does some great sales so wait for them.Pros-Great graphics-Family system-Variety of buildings-Variety of random events-Trade system-Age varietyCons-Lack of economical graphs-Lack of itemised explanations for the happiness etc.-Lack of inovation to the series-Expensive expansions-Sometimes annoyingly hard"
,Recommended,245620,14987096,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,DodgerRoger,Great fun! I wasn't expecting to enjoy this as much as I have done!Will be looking to check this out properly at some point in the future.
76561198289467024,Recommended,245620,22318584,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,WilderPanda,I only play sandbox mode and everytime I play it I start from the very beginning. Anyone with me?
,Recommended,245620,18373787,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Deece,Penultimo you are fired!
,Recommended,245620,28219172,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Al-Karbi,"Good Game, and cheap at the same time, if you like strategy then go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,245620,28077679,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Nope Engie,Love this game 10/10 IGN
76561198085653287,Recommended,245620,15073749,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,XxX_SwagMasterKid_69_XxX,"LOVE IT!   THe game is great.  At first when I bought it and played it...... I thought.  This game is stupid. Or just not good enough.   Later after giving the game a 2nd chance I actually understood that game is GREAT!  Even though there is small build variety, it still has enough.   The humor is great keeping me want to play.-PROS-great graphicslots of control of game but no too much where you get confusedhumormusic is nicethe game goes together with the real world. For example, you get involved into cold war and choose to work with USSR or USA.Always something happening or to worry about.  You will most lilely not just sit and waitReally good multiplayer except that theres is no one to play with due to people litterarly joining and multiplayer and no doing anything.  No joining server or creating.-CONS-Small building varieties.overpriced dlcsI could not think of any more cons.I rate the game   9/10    If had more items to build then it would be much better."
,Recommended,245620,30724593,Posted: 25 March,all,Shōgun,During both WW1 and WW2 I joined both allied and axis forces at the same time. 10/10
,Not Recommended,245620,12880633,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Zin,"So far in my limited time playing, the game has been somewhat error prone with random crashes and stablity issues.  I've so far on my own traced this back to what I suspect is the game's DRM ( which is just goofy considering this is a steam game ).Waiting to see if they can figure out what's wrong with the game and go from there.  I spent money on this game so I hope to get some entertainment on it and I haven't written it off just yet... but I figured anyone who hasn't purchased it yet should keep in mind that this doesn't feel like a stable product.Update:I went back and forth with support to try and figure out what was going wrong.  After switching off all video card performance settings, checking my hardware for a bad cooling fan, etc... I kind of got the game running for a little bit before it crashed again.If you liked Tropico 4, this feels like a Tropico 4 DLC with some changes here and there.  Unfortunately I didn't get very far into the game due to stability problems ( I have no problems running various other games so I don't know what to think )."
,Recommended,245620,12845968,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Major Problem,"Everyone treats me like the supreme gentleman I am, I coudn't be happier. And if someone disrespects me I just kill them. Best game I've ever played.I owned Tropico 1 a long time ago and I had a blast. Earlier this year my dad got himself Tropico 4 on sale and we have played ""together"" (backseat gaming when I visited him). But Tropico 4 never felt as complete as Tropico 5.In Tropico 5 you guide your colony through four distinct eras, and the game is much more polished but the game is still Tropico."
76561198024069367,Not Recommended,245620,22902311,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,SYcHoTiK,"Not a good sandbox builder.  Initially the game seems great with good graphics, very amusing advisors and fairly solid city building mechanics. Then, everything is going great, approval rating well over half, no debt, plenty of housing and amenities and your people rebel, over and over and over again until no matter how much army you build you get overthrown and game over. WTF kind of game mechanic is that?! Cant even have a long drawn out casual builder session. Terrible.TLDR - Great graphics, good comedy, fun city building. TERRIBLE political system. Since cant have a good long game, unfortunately cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,245620,29327405,Posted: 17 January,all,Lunatic,Enemy invasions are pure aids
,Recommended,245620,10244918,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Illasera,"This is the first Tropico game that i have played in the series, That in mind :PROS :fun & funny!Amazing soundtracks.Amazing sound assets.Beautiful atmosphere.Beautiful graphic assets: High quality models, textures, surfaces (terrain), you name it.Awesome gameplay as long as it lasts!CONS (Just one but a huge one) :Awesome gameplay as long as it lasts, And it lasts halfway through the game.The late game gets easier and of course, Easier means BORING.This game / series seems promising, This is the type of game that you already have a strong solid gameplay core for, Now the developers just need to go wild with it, Sadly, They didn't go wild with this game (hence the boring late game), If they did, This game would have been easily ranked as my favorite city builder/management to date.once a presidente, always a presidente﻿!"
,Not Recommended,245620,11784755,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,The Nonsuch,Tropico 4 is much better. This game has been dumbed down and has had features removed.
76561198235395768,Recommended,245620,29261846,Posted: 14 January,all,Bill Nye The Soviet Spy,I started sandbox mode and left everything at the default setting here is my entire thought proccess and story over the gameOkay I'm in the Colonial Era which means I don't have to worry about election for now I just need to worry about the British Monarch stealing my control over Tropico. All I need to do is make this Island grow and make a steady profit and obey to the Crowns demand for a bit then I get tostart a revoltlive a happy life under the crowns rule. I immediatly start building Ranch plantation and such oh yeah the crown demanded I do it so I did I got a favour I choose to keep my♥♥♥♥♥from getting kicked out of power some time goes on where I help the revolter and crown and such nothing interesting happens until I'm told I can claim independence so I build up my armys which I had made over time and fought the british I won barley because the AI is a total pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when it brings out the armies.I'm now in the World War era I'm in so much debt because of all the armies I had made and it seems I'm going to be stu... WAIT A MIN literally the Axis sent me £5000 pound ohhh yeaaah it's not only the crown that helps my money situation anymore I looked at my realations with the Axis and Allies I'm in a bad state with the Allies because of the revolt I did so I'm guessing I will side with the Axiseven though they lose all the warsI realized I would have to put up with elections and rebels which are complete pains in the♥♥♥♥♥I go and fix my debt and research some♥♥♥♥♥♥and warm up to the axis and I buid up my army to a point where I can defend it I build up a spy network and get told to attack area 52 by Penutimo I do so then get 25 ♥♥♥♥ING SPIES BECAUSE OF DUMB LI... anyway I shot all the spies and cause a load of unrest and unhappy Citzens so I gave exstra ration and the right to arms so they weren't so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥[ I can't say the same for the families of the spies I killed] finally I got an offer from the Allies to race for berlin with them even tho it was 1933 and the Axis were fine but oh well I would get a nice relationsip with them I finally got an alliance with the axis I though  this was gonna be great THOUGHT UNTIL I WAS ATTACKED BY THE ALLIES AfTER THAT I managed to defend my island and they had wiped out nearly all of my army because I had it so that soliders needed a high school graduation I had to do some stuff then it got to some peace conference where I had to make peace with the the allies and Axis the Axis accepted straight away and allies did not the Allies demanded that I take in 30 citzens I decline I got attacked and nearly lost powerOkay I'm in the Cold War eraugh kill me nowI had rebuild some♥♥♥♥♥♥because of those dawn allies then literally face an uprising after that and had to rebuild♥♥♥♥♥♥again I was in debt again and of course America didn't help them♥♥♥♥♥♥the russians helped I was debating whether to help the russians or not when I realized captialist hated me so I went communistWarning we are unsure what is truth and what is not because record are unsure and this could be mindless propoganda you have been warned.and helped glorious nation come foreward I had anual with stalin and defeated all those dirty american pig dogs and now everyone lives in glorious communist state.Modern Era I had come so far so bloody far now I had built up a tourist state and made ton of money from growing food and making stuff it felt lovely until I realized people were♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I was caring more about the tourist then them and stared uprising I had completly forgot about my army and was thrown out of power ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING KIDDDY ME I WAS YOUR RULER FOR ♥♥♥♥ING EVER AND YOU DECIDE TO THROW ME OUT HOW ♥♥♥♥NG DARE YOU I reloaded my game and massacered my entire country and destroyed a load of housing and work places everyone was homeless and were starving I had nukes and rebel got a hold of them a nuked the island and we went back to the Colonial Era once again.and that is my story of me being ruler of Tropico
,Recommended,245620,29280642,Posted: 15 January,all,NotAPropRellik,"This is an excellent game! Very fun, but takes some time to learn. I suggest playing the tutorial definitely before playing online or with a group of friends."
76561198289032666,Not Recommended,245620,29334504,Posted: 18 January,all,JX LOKE,"i almost turning into red on this game and i am gonna to give up and the reason is while in the modern times people are dead deom starving and i have build alot of farm and ranches,supermarket and groceries as well and i also have import some food but i still dont understand why people still starving? the food happiness still in 0."
76561198263350604,Not Recommended,245620,29363631,Posted: 19 January,all,49RES0R hellcase.com,"Worst graphic than 4, worst humor than 4, worst music..., gameplay..., fun from play..., many staff unnecessary. Many changes. Like in Wista:) U will know, that U wont like it even after SvcPacs. RLY angry after playing. But if U like to be angry..."
76561197977879276,Recommended,245620,29208666,Posted: 12 January,all,lobotomizedgoat,"I've played this and 4, and while I liked both I thought this one was better in just about every way.  The campaign has you return to cities you started in earlier levels rather than start from scratch each time.  Many of the game's systems feel more well rounded.  Economic diversification is more important, tourism works, and your swiss bank acount has a purpose.Rum and cigars/10"
,Not Recommended,245620,29212529,Posted: 12 January,all,I would luck me,"I don't know. I like the idea of research with the tech tree and such. It's just too bad it's so linear. Which I just hate- once you've done it once, there is no fun to do it again. Also, once you've researched every tech, you have three options to pick from every year or so(kinda forgetful). I would rather have more freedom with tech trees. They can even just go the lazy route and have you research for a happier populace but gives you some whacky penalty. But I guess if you did that, you would probably have to get rid of edicts? Again ... I don't know. It's not a fun feature.The graphics are alright. So ... you got that."
,Recommended,245620,28704747,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zephyr,So much fun!
,Recommended,245620,24945199,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Major Lee Hung,I really enjoyed Tropico 4 so I bought this while it's on sale.Ignore the negative reviews - it will be good when it's finished.
76561198043019612,Recommended,245620,28009397,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,scorpion875,Best Tropico yet.
76561198103339069,Recommended,245620,13796749,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,NB4,I RECOMMEND IT BECASUSE IT LOOKS AWESOME AND I PLAYED THE 4TH ONE A BIT BUT YOU NEED DIRECTX 11 GRAPIC  S CARD NO 10 OR 9 JUST 11
,Recommended,245620,24891244,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Davien,Very good game. Adding a difficulty options is brilliant!
76561198030749513,Not Recommended,245620,30323687,Posted: 4 March,all,calimora,"Not a Fan. I played through the main senario but by the end I was just hoping that it would be over. The game get tedious pretty quick and i've only started one or two games since then just becuase of the annoyance factor.They included mini-quests like on phone games and the quests are pretty stupid and arbitrary, often out of line with what the island needs or can support. Not doing them is immediately detrimental your relations with the faction the proposed them, but also the citizens happiness. It's not a gradual thing like in 4 where you could refuse some and do others or refuse them all if you'd met the factions other island requirments. In five you better do all the mini-quests or else.For a dictator you end up with very little agency.Like everybody says the almanac sucks and people hate you for no good reason. I once was diposed by uprising on an island where 91% apporoved of me and were happy. I have no idea what happened but more than a third of my population suddenly rebelled. Just... what?The detail that went to into each citicen was cool, but it's awkward to access, not like in the previous games where it was fun to click on people while you were piding your down time.The tech tree was an interesting idea, but you end up always getting them, making it inevitable, rather than fun. There's also only one way to progress so once you've got some science you can ignore it (unless there's a mini-quest). I would have been better if espionage or tech buying from dipolmatic chanels was a thing. Or if you lost opertunities for not getting them.I'm also not a fan of removing the time limit as an end of game point. Most of the other ones I hit really early, but leaving it open ended is dull.Which is a good word to describe Tropico 5, dull."
,Recommended,245620,28026268,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jan Smuts,"Even with Fidel gone, he can still be close to you in your heart."
76561198086301356,Recommended,245620,10820311,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jare171,Fidel Castro Simulator10/10
,Not Recommended,245620,31290097,Posted: 21 April,all,MisterNotlob,"Love this series. Unfortunately, Tropico 5 crashes so much it becomes unplayable. I've all but abandoned hoped that it will be fixed."
,Not Recommended,245620,10238888,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Cideway,"Seemed like a good idea.Well if seemed like a good idea at the time, I quiet liked the Modern Times expansion for Tropico 4, I found the progression through time and the extra buildings to add a great dynamic to the game. Figured that they system in 5 would been just a more expansive version of that. Well it isn't and it actually gets in the way and makes the game play tedious. Heaps of features and abilities from 4 have been dumbed down or removed all together and it appears that I cannot even fix an election these days.Hopefully they release an update/upgrade/DLC that will fix most of the issues but I ultimately think I should have stuck with the tactic of skipping every odd iteration of the series. Bring on Tropico 6."
76561198006818756,Not Recommended,245620,10239553,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Grizzly,"If you are buying for multiplayer, be aware you cannot save the game. This has ruined this side of the game for me, it is unplayable as the work you put in will just have to be abandoned after a time and you will lose everything. It is also unrecoverable after a disconnect also meaning all your work will have been for nothing."
76561198032928932,Not Recommended,245620,10226396,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,BLÀde,"worst tropico eva. bad mechanics make it unbearable to play you'll always be in the red with money, have enemies breathing down your neck if you choose to be friends with the other guys, have the rebels on your♥♥♥♥♥and your people will never be happy causing you to have to rig elections.tropico 2 still remains the best in the series play that not this!"
,Not Recommended,245620,10237015,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SamDeMan,"This was one of the games I was most excited for this year. I have been a fan of tropico for a while and have played 114 hours of tropico 4. I pre ordered this and was very happy when it was released a few hours early!However, I was a bit disappointed by the game; it wasn't exactly what I expected.What I didn't like:When I first started I noticed I didn't quite like the HUD. First, the building menu isn't really what I like; You should only be able to see buildings you can build in your era. I also liked the tropico 4 building menu better (where it starts with you picking what category of building you want). Building HUD isn't really greaet either. There are tabs that are a bit confusing, and you don't really see what you want to see.In tropico 4, you could zoom ALL the way in and see each citizen, piece of trash, or crop, whereas in 5 you can barely zoom in at all. I like to see my little peoples and cars zooming around, but you can't do that as well in 5.What I also liked about 4 was the fact that you feel so CONNECTED with your citizens: you actually click seperate citizens walking around (i know you can in 5 but I dont feel compelled to) and look at their job, education, age, whatever and look at what they need. I want to actually look through my people and feel like they are real not just look in the happiness section at what they need. And the happiness section is another issue..I really don't like the happiness section. You are CONSTANTLY having to build new buildings, even though you have NO workers to work them. I am at 887 population, with only 47 happiness because I have no more workers to increase the entertainment or food quality or anything. My happiness went from 82% to 47% in only 1 year even though I didn't destroy any happiness increasing buildings or introduce anything that could have decreased it. Still not even sure why it went down, my population didn't increase all too much.I've also had a few graphics glitches. Whenever I load a game, my camera is facing down like a top-down game. trying to reangle it makes it zoom, and it doesn't fix until I spaz the mouse around and maybe press a few buttons. Then, while playing today, my minimap randomly had a square of inverted colors right where my city was. I have no idea what caused that one and it didn't go away since I played. Checking out of screenshots will show the glitchesI do not like how you can't customize rent, pay, or fee in this one. Rent and pay are both confusing in how they work.What I like:I like how the voting system is actually difficult. In tropico 4, all you had to do was not have happiness at like 0%, otherwise you always win by like 90%. In this game, you have to work hard in the beginning to win the elections (unless you cheat!).I like how there are lots of buildings!Combat, combat, combat. tropico 4 combat was simple and lacking. THIS combat is epic! No other word. Axis tanks and infantry storming your beach while your own tanks are firing at them is about the coolest thing you can imagine in a tropico game. You no longer automatically lose when you are invaded, you have a fighting chase.So in all and all I thought it was 4/10. If they were to update it, I will of course change my review! I will also continue playing and see if I change my mind at all."
76561198008509065,Not Recommended,245620,10237806,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,cavalry111scout,you will pull your hair out
76561198039084576,Not Recommended,245620,10363977,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,monny_mongoose,compared to the last two tropicos this one sucks
,Recommended,245620,29505263,Posted: 26 January,all,SaltyLLama,LAMAS ARE LIFE! And If you say other wise the men in suits and sun glass will come for you!
,Recommended,245620,28777622,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,☭Pence☭,gets cheaper every sale
76561198194715053,Recommended,245620,24978166,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Bradypus,1. Starts game.2. Load saved game.3. Going to be in an alliance with The Allis4. Got ♥♥♥♥t.5. Realized i just wasted 5 hours builing the city just to loseBtw bought it on sale LUL :DD7/10
,Recommended,245620,31435730,Posted: 29 April,all,HaZzZzZz,6-7/10
76561198196739474,Recommended,245620,21062675,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Tucker,"This game makes me feel like Pablo Escobar, if only there was a drug plantation..."
76561198240131178,Not Recommended,245620,21009813,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,wagner.alexandru,"If you're a newbie at city builders then I guess T5 is a good start. But if you've played serious city builders like Citiex Xl you will find this game dull and way to easy. After just a few games you get the hand of (the easy) it. After that point you basicly build and rebuild a flawless city. If it's a challenge you're after, T5 if not the game for you."
,Not Recommended,245620,10212773,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zz'gashi,Simply too buggy to recomend at this point.
76561198078365647,Not Recommended,245620,29720617,Posted: 5 February,all,handsomegrape,"Tropico 5 is broken. That's the bottomline. Have you played Tropico 4? Well imagine if they sawed Tropico 4 in half, and then improved the graphics. That's it. Half the content of 4, despite having tons of unneccessary and greedy DLCs in which you usually get about 1 building and maybe 1 outfit. You get hardly any variety in buildings, hardly ANY overlays, so you'd be hard pressed to understand what's going on at any given time. Okay food satisfaction is low, why is that? I have a ton of farms, I have places distributing food, WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? Do I need yet more farms, more workers, more markets? No idea, just guess work. In 4, and in fact in every previous itteration of the game EXCEPT FOR 5, you had overlays for pretty much everything, not so in 5. Oh and good look finding a building and seeing at a glance what buildings you've already built, what areas are serviced with what etc. Unless you're looking for one of the many gaudy eyesores that don't fit in anywhere on your island, like the circus tent, one of the extremely few available entertainment buildings.Compared to 4, you get almost no chance of influencing the elections or the people in any way aside from what you build and the edicts. If you go into an election with less than 50-55% approval rating, you're going to lose. Penultimo as always asks if you want to ""rig"" the election, only in 5, he's hopelessly incompetent because he gives you so few extra votes that you won't win unless you were going to anyways or were balancing on a razorblade. Yeah, some dictator simulator.In 4 you got the option of making a speech, giving promises, it was a great way to keep your head above water, you appealed to the largest group of voters and if you held your promise, great! In 5, you don't even have a faction overlay or anything resembling it anymore. There are factions, and they are discontent, but you don't know how many there are of each, what they want etc.And there are no election speeches, basically it goes like this; Election time, have you satisfied most of all our needs beforehand despite struggling with money and gotten 50-55% Approval? Great, click election, keep improving and HOPE you´ll win. No? Okay, click no election, get instant mobs with 8000hp crushing your puny millitary and bringing down your palace. Or click yes for election and lose anyways.Not even in the very first Tropico did this system function so very poorly!So on islands with rebel threat and unrest, you stand no chance. No really, you don't. You need millitary buildings to fend off rebels, but those take up valuable highschool workers you could be using for factories and services. What's worse, despite having millitary, despite having all the upgrades and beefing up, the millitary doesn't stand a chance against a simple mob of people. A millitary unit has about 3500hp, a mob has 8000hp! You can build tanks in Tropico 5, the mobs kill them WITH EASE.Oh and get this, thanks to the newest feature, the Dynasties (which is a useless feature much poorer than the ones in 4), you get to revisit your previous islands for each new time period during the campaign. Hey great, no longer do I need to start from scratch with every new mission! Yeaaaah, there is that, BUT you also need to make sure your island is tip-top, because when you re-visit with a harder mission, you're gonna have a much harder time. And that would sound fair, if it wasn't for everything I've already mentioned, so basically if you struggle early, your whole campaign might go down the toilet, and you won't know it until several missions later.Tropico 5, is broken. Play Tropico 4 instead."
,Recommended,245620,10645129,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Black Chawk,Great Game you Should try it!
,Recommended,245620,11821183,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Lokhaman,"Really funny city simulator.The campaign is solid and its objectives are really nice.There are several different (and all valid) options to get fast cash, from farms to factories, from tourism to offices.In this game you are the people manager, for real - not only the buildings positioner -, you need to understand how many educated citizen you have (high school and university), how many not educated, and how your economic development choices will impact on the high school / not educated ratio - for example a farm based economy just needs not educated ppl / a offices based economy needs all ppl from university.Besides the education the population is sorted by age, wealth and preferences, since the population is divided in factions, often asking the opposites, like nationalists vs globalists.During my almost 40 hours play-through I experimented several different economies and I had fun with them all, which is the most important thing to me.To succeed you have to find the right balances between multiple contemporary conditions, all spiced up by random disasters and the various rebellions / invasions.Suggesting the game, my personal score is 8/10"
76561198010015791,Not Recommended,245620,12036167,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Richon,"I was one of the many die-hard Tropico fans who was suckered into pre-ordering this game. Tropicos 1 - 4 were all amazing, I can't even begin to count how many hours I've blown playing them on PC and X-Box. And I don't regret a minute playing any of them. So when I heard Tropico 5 was coming out, and it would include features like multiple eras and even a Constitution, I got very excited and pre-ordered ASAP.Big mistake. The game is buggy as hell, some things they refuse to fix. The Constitution options for immigration? Forget about it. They don't make a lick of difference. Even if you ban immigration you still get bunches of immigrants (illegal aliens, anyone?). The entire game has been simplified and dumbed down. And forget about better graphics. Buildings may look sleek from a distance, but zoom in and they are flat and pixelated in the extreme.Just about everything I loved from Tropico 4 was cut out of the game, and precious little was put back in to make up for it. This game is bland, boring, and a complete betrayal of the fan base. Do yourself a favour: buy Tropico 4. I promise it'll be more worth your money than this piece of crap."
,Recommended,245620,29595664,Posted: 30 January,all,Saccadon,Littered with debt and rebellions. The most accurate Latin American island simulator to date.
,Not Recommended,245620,13371072,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Manny,"-The UI is a detailed mess. I can't stand it. It's the main thing that ruins the game for me. There's too much graphic detail and it's weird to navigate in all those ""tabbed menus"".-Uses arrows as default keys for map scroll instead ofwasd. Scroll map speed is too fast by default also. Both can be changed but still annoying.-Farms are now contained in a limited space. Tropico 4 farms are so much more versatile.-Some game mechanics have ridiculous depth but I don't find them rewarding. Just overall annoying.-The tutorial is awful. You won't learn much of the detailed mechanics there.-The UI again. I just can't.... The UI is one of the most important aspects for a game of this type. Another game that's unbearable because of the UI: CitiesXL. Devs please, spend more time on your UIs. Do it simple and intuitive with a good visual contrast and avoid excessive detailed visuals.I enjoyed Tropico 4 so much. 5 is a step backwards."
76561198041319411,Not Recommended,245620,24830725,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,grodny,Downgrade from tropico 4
76561197994196158,Recommended,245620,35009566,Posted: 16 September,all,Gilligan208,Tropico 5 is great. The developers have done a lot to upgrade the game from 4 and still able to keep the Tropico brand alive.
,Recommended,245620,24970929,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Grandmaster,"A devilish combination of the global economy, the Illuminati, catastrophic weather, and just plain rotten luck. Do you have what it takes El Presidente? :)"
76561198036186135,Not Recommended,245620,35348732,Posted: 30 September,all,Deadhead Krakon,It wont run. I get to the map screen and its just shards of black. Bummer
,Recommended,245620,21810931,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Skittle,Tropico games are always great!
,Recommended,245620,22141698,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Stephbob :),"I love the Tropico franchise. Prefer number 4, but this is pretty ace :)"
,Recommended,245620,14967557,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,LordGrape,The title music is superb!
76561198016166828,Not Recommended,245620,34214146,Posted: 13 August,all,Ravenblood,"I played a lot of time with Tropico series and Tropico 5 in general.I took the game out again, and it feels horrible. I have this map I spent 6 hours on.The game gives horrible-horrible response, and it doesn't work well at a lot of stages.- I make tennants and houses around factories. They need high-schoolers, yet most of the high-schoolers are unemployed and cannot find job. Out of the 3 factory, 1 works with high-capacity, the others do not have workers.I thought: Hey! Maybe they need higher house quality. I went with this thought, I made houses, the houses are free, the beauty is up, the crime very low, there is a clinic, church.. entertainment up. Nothing. The guy literally makes shaks beside the house, but is not willing to live in it. He works in the factory, still lives in a shack, Why?! Why do they keep doing this?There are 3 teamster right beside the factory, yet they don't take the rum out of the factory! They prioritize farms at the other side. My luxury industry is dying, because teamsters are unwilling to prioritize the factory, no matter what I do.But alright, maybe I don't have enough temsters generally? NO. Farms are always empty when they are close, they get visited all the time. Farms that are farther away never get visited by teamsters! SO I PUT THEM THERE.Yet when it comes to factory, no. They go for the farms. I can see the rum barrels pilling up, and nobody takes them!- I did a big mistake, and upgraded all the houses. I forgotten about the self-sufficient trait of the cheap houses, and I lost.I made a dozen general store, right beside the popollus. Put down a couple teamsters ( I have horrible amounts of them) and they are constantly empty. All general stores are empty.I keep getting messages that this year ""x people did of starvation"". I do not know how much they eat! I do not know why we are exporting hundreds of tons of banana, papaya, meat, etz, but they are dying. The label says that people can take from the farms. The green icon is there. Extra rations are in. Yet the do not take food, they do not eat.I do not have a building, that is more than 2 streets farther from a farm!- The whole revenue system is horrible. I do not know who thought up the math systems result table, but he made a bad job. The concept is bad. I spend a lot more each year, than income I have! Yet the income balance is +50k +90k. While the national  account is 32k etz.If you make a finance result table, than you have an income, an outcome. And if I click on it, than I can see which have how much spending. You have to make a system for that, that querries down the data, from the top till the lowest bottom. Because I have to see, how much do I spend on wellfare, on military, how much that high-school eats up.From that you calculate the balance. But you cannot calculate the spendings from the surplus into the expenses! That ruins the whole table. You take the surpluss, and that's the available spending, which constantly increases or decreases based on the balance.- 1,a) The building concept is dead wrong on so many stages. It has nothing to do with nothing, unconnected and sometimes feels so bad. It disturbs the balance and the upgoing chain economy. Like a stirred up soup.When we have plantations, we need cheap houses. Cheap houses can't sustain you, but you have a farm. Those are farmer houses. Farmer houses have gardens, fruit trees etz. Basic history. Not everyone needs to work on the land, or have to be self sustainable! You need that, if you want to make more money. You want to sell what is on that plantation, or change the plantation to cocoa, tobacco, which you can't eat.So there are cheap houses, but than you upgrade. To farm homes, or family homes. Farm homes are good for plantations, because they are like farm-steads, they have lots of people in okay enviroment, self-sustained. You can get the results of the plantation clear, since they do not consume from it. Aka free local workforce.But family homes are also good, because in the city you have a grocery and shops! Those houses need to have more levels and more people, some even have shops in them.- 1,b) In tropico 5 tenants constantly go worse. Why is that good? What base does that have? People knew how to build houses, even big ones in the past. Way before the world war area. They didn't fall apart. Where did you even get that? And why are they so ugly? I can understand that basic row-houses, or multi-leveled apartments have basic decorations and they don't look the greatest, they are big city houses but.... but this? I think it will change with the era, but it's horrible. At least I would expect some victorian ear more expensive apartments to. Like basic tenants building (much better looking from game design), than a more expensive apartment.Also, the point would be, that factories need a lot of workforce! So make some. It sounds great. But why do factories need high-schoolers? Factories need unskilled work! If you go to a factory, nobody even asks what you have. Because primal school is by law obligated and you don't need more. Technicians (high-school) and university graduates I could understand.  Why there are no primal schools? Back in the days, that teaching level was a high thing.I feel like this wasn't done well at all!There are a lot of problems with the game and it needs clearing up. Better UI, better responses, better coding. It's a must."
76561198139462018,Recommended,245620,12841700,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,InFusIon,"If you like city sims or village sims this is a must. If you really like helping people, or you are just a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ than this game is for you. Its like part 4 but with a fancier looking, less user friendly layout,  but still worth getting as there is a little more content of course."
,Recommended,245620,12611755,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,El Pollo Santos,"I have been a longtime fan of the Tropico series. Honestly though I feel like the series peaked at Tropico 3, I enjoyed 4 and I enjoy 5 but they are both lacking some of the freedom and zaniness of 3. Tropico 5 has its good points, I am very greatful for Linux support and there was obvious effort put into switching things up from the normal model. However to me Tropico was a multiplayer game and the addition of that feature changed the dynamics of the gameplay a bit too much. I am not a fan of the Dynasty feature either, I prefered having my El Presidente having ultimate power and I miss some of the touches of the charicter creation system (no longer can you have the charming but flatulant El Presedente) instead you only assign a point to a charicter (+1 foriegn relations etc). Which builds when you have a dynasty, but it removes a little of the soul of the game. I am not a fan of the new Radio announcer either, I miss Penultimo. Finally I wish there were more diversity in the islands, while it's interesting to return to an island and continue building on it I miss the diversity. Overall it's a fun game, and if you like Tropico 1-4 you'll like it, but overall it feels like the weakest entry so far."
,Recommended,245620,12517500,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Henry,Feels familiar to other Tropico games with similar controlls and gameplay eliments. if you like the tropico seires then you will like this game.8 of 10
76561198079503662,Recommended,245620,13925802,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Infant Punter™,Citizens in rage because of lack of foodRiot startsThey burn down all farms because of it11/10
,Recommended,245620,12450698,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Heinrich von Wiesel,"Tropico 5 is one of my favorite games. Being somebody who loves politics and government, I can play it for hours. I highly recommend it for anybody who likes strategy-simulation games. It is much similar to Simcity, but as a small tropical nation rather than a large city. So grab your dictator uniforms and hire some soldiers, and go get this game now. Why are you still reading this, I said to go get the game now. When I said now, I meant now. What about now don't you understand? GO GET IT NOW!"
76561198028759329,Recommended,245620,10210044,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Kang of Timbuktu,Glorious
76561198058832678,Not Recommended,245620,26738882,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,tommonty62,"This game has the potentialto be a very fun game.However, every multiplayer game i have played there have been hundreds of revolts with no reaso for.I have just played a game with 62% of popular support and good standing with every faction apart from the commuinists. Who accounted for 40 people.   When in the first 5 minutes into the world wars era (about 30 mins into the game) 27!! rebels rose up against me.There is no way to play this game without getting stressed. Rebels will rise up if you cough to ludly and it will be completely unbalanced and unchecked.Do not get this game. Seriously disapointed."
,Recommended,245620,10210045,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ptown2,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing that I've even lost at the tutorial mode for not meeting the elections demands, even while cheating the votes!♥♥♥♥ing Tutorial... mode.Buy it, it's totally far different from Tropico 4 and totally worth the money."
,Recommended,245620,15850545,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,hillbillybob,"This Game is one of the best city builder games to date....no stuff that, Tropico 5 is the best builder game you can get, it has a sense of reality and not to mention the great music."
,Recommended,245620,23740620,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,DarkM4773r,El Presidente approves this game. Now move along; there's nothing else to see here.
76561198043262263,Not Recommended,245620,30966191,Posted: 5 April,all,JIV,Poor. Total downgrade over Tropico 4.
76561198025303493,Not Recommended,245620,12856789,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Frogholler,"After Tropico 4 being so amazing, I cannot believe how bad this is.  I'll copy what someone else already said, ""pirate this trash."""
,Not Recommended,245620,10404521,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Vitamin C,"Although I was a big fan of Tropico 4, I can not in good faith recommend Tropico 5. Massive chunks of content were taken out from the previous game. What little has been added is sort of a ""one step forward, two steps back"" scenario. While the constitution and era mechanics are nice, it doesn't make up for the fact that most buildings were taken out. Not only that, but several GUI elements have been removed entirely, like being able to see the monetary balance of specific buildings and being able to see population maps. There are even fewer political factions as well. Just about everything in Tropico 5 is a downgrade, and it's a real shame because I was rather excited for it. All in all, you can probably squeeze a few hours out of this game, but I'd recommend getting Tropico 4 instead. 4/10"
,Recommended,245620,10424549,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,WildKarrde,"http://youtu.be/VTWCw29_ug4Tropico 5 is a great development of the series. A common complaint for Tropico 4 was that it was too much like Tropico 3, so this is the answer for those that wanted something different. Luckily they didn't change anything about the game that made the previous ones so great. I recorded this video with no music, because sadly Youtube griefs me anytime I've done that for any Tropico game... so the video is a bit lacking. Just play some Hispanic music in the background and you'll be all set.The age system is the biggest difference in this iteration of the game, other than perhaps multiplayer, and although it is a valiant effort... it becomes tedious after progressing through it a few times.  It works ok for the story mode, but the best part about the age system is that it can essentially be turned off during sandbox games by setting the starting era to Modern Times.Multiplayer looks good... but I haven't played enough to really get a feel for it yet.The best change to Tropico 5 is the Dynasty system. Building your dynasty is fun, and finally gives you a reason to have a fat stack of cash in your slush fund.So all in all, I'm really happy with the game. I sometimes miss the simplicity of the older games, mainly because of the addition of the age system, but the Tropico series is still my favorite city builder, and I expect to play Tropico 5 for many, many more hours to come."
76561198027671354,Not Recommended,245620,23832792,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,jsatterfield,"Upgrade in visuals, but downgrade in mechanics.  Not challenging at all and gameplay feels hollow unlike T3/T4.  I'd recommend T4 over this one.  Overall, it's not a terrible game and worth trying when on sale, but I wouldn't spend more than $20 as it becomes boring very quickly."
,Recommended,245620,30199788,Posted: 26 February,all,LenioCrimsonStar,"Best soundtrack and better game, Just buy it."
,Recommended,245620,10372068,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Slend,"Very..Very..Very..Very..Awesome.avi.The game takes on eras.It starts with my favorite: ""Colonial Era"".My problem with that it is pretty short.I could use a era lock on that.While the game progresses through the eras and when you research,it gets a bit more intresting.And a few buildings dont really become useful anymore,Military forts? You can keep them untill modern times where the upgrades of WW2 Infantry wont be needed.Multiplayer is good.I sometimes get frozen if i have too many squads invading another player.Some screens are different than others.Im not sure though whats up with those people asking: ""Can we please save our multiplayer games?!"",Multiplayer is not supposed to be saveable,If its the Co-Op.Well thats fine.The fog of war,if you have the cash.You may actually explore all land before getting drydock research abillity.Its good though.Its annoying how the radio people last time were not in this game.Just lyld,the new AND only radio person.Jollyrogers..Heres a summary:Pro:Good multiplayer.I didnt get to the singleplayer campaign,but i think it sounds cool.Cool sandbox.Eras.Some tweaks,additions,other stuff.Not pro:No cheat codes? I WILL KILL YOU!!!No era lock.No same voices.Penultimo and a few others arent on the radio too.NOOOOOO!Some buildings taken out.In all,this game is fine.I can rate this 9/10,With a high recommendation,AND A HUGE AWESOME STATUE!GO get it.unless you want to wait for the DLCS and patches.or weirdly next game."
,Recommended,245620,10379607,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kinyeno,"7.8/10In terms of ""new"" city building strategy games, you cant get any better than this.heres a list of the things I think are good and bad so far.Pros-Nice refined graphics and an up to date art style.-Gameplay hasn't changed much, but in a good way!-Good system of ""leveling"" through the ages, with buildings and policies refering to each period, e.g, cold war+uranium-Better trade system, a lot simpler and makes more sense.-Dynasty system allows you to boost your economy and can be upgraded with Swiss bank account.-Better Military system alround.-Multiplayer (its always good to play together)Cons-Fewer Factions alround, easier to ""appease"" everyone. focusing more on Housing, entertainment etc.-Lacking Customisation, clothing for dynasty members, and different ""housing"" styles and colours.-Dynasty/President members traits are less focused, ""Religious Zealot"" or ""Capitalist Dog"" or ""Power to the people""-Fewer buildings/not much in the way of new added buildings.-Less Secret Police/specialist buildings and actions, and theres not a lot added in relation of this."
76561198000503869,Recommended,245620,11751522,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Immortan Joe,Fought of 4 invasions from the US by having a policy that involves civilians to fight. Apperantly the fight better then the actual millitary.10/10 Would make random people with no training fight for me again.
,Not Recommended,245620,23475620,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[Anna]Riff Raff,"Actual Garbage. Rebels always attack, never tell you what they want just attack for no reason."
76561198014227166,Recommended,245620,10228557,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Face of Insanity,"Tropico 5 > Tropico 4, just don't even think about going Tropico 4, just go 5 cause this has much more depth and fun, not to mention penultimo isn't as anoying."
,Recommended,245620,10235421,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Hothrus,"Love this game 10/10. Easier than tropico 3 but harder than tropico 4, more comedy, awesome graphics."
,Recommended,245620,19860586,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Star Lord,Irado!
,Recommended,245620,15033063,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Dayum96,"Awesome game boiz, git git!"
,Recommended,245620,10211653,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Kakie the silly Lizard,"Sent the king some pink underwear, queen was jealous, the king hates me now. 11/10 would insult him again.On a more serious note, I think Tropico 5 is an awesome game, also a lot more challenging compared to Tropico 4 which was a bit too easy for my taste. (but still an awesome game though!) The game looks and feels a lot less like you have to run some 3rd world country. Besides that, being able to actually control where the crops grow is one of the best new features in the game; in previous versions the crops fields were randomly scattered around the farm buildings.All in all the game is definitely a major improvement and definitely worth buying if you enjoyed the previous games, or if you are interested in the genre. I'm most certainly going to 'waste' hours of my life on this game, and I'm sure many others will as well, the game is that good in my opinion :)"
,Recommended,245620,10289885,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,ProjectM,Close enough
76561198004686603,Recommended,245620,10283564,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"OverviewTropico 5 is a fun, light hearted yet deep city builder game.  You can create your ""El Presidente"", and through the course of the game, their dynasty.  You rule over an island over various eras and need to build it up, focusing on housing, food, money making, employment, religion, healthcare, happiness, diplomacy among other things.  For fans of previous versions, Tropico 5 is more of an evolution of the series rather than a revolution.New & Improved features (A sample)- Dynasties - Can have more members of your family, can make them managers, send them on missions or make them El Presidente- Eras - Can start from the Colonial Era, under the tyrrany of the crown, up to the Modern era.- Managers - Can now employ different kinds of managers to buildings to grant bonuses.- New buildings- Improved AI - Especially construction priorityPros: The game has a lot of depth and challenge, that gets more challenging to handle as your island grows.  Managing employment, military, production, diplomatic relations, security are just some of these.  The game has a nice, tongue in cheek humor that I like and it looks great.  A lot of the annoying AI issues in the previous version seem to be fixed.  The campaign is fun and does a good job of taking you through all the areas of the game.  Also, the Dynasty / Manager system is a nice feature allowing you to provide good bonuses to key areas / buildings.Cons: The game, like the previous one, suffers from lack of information tabs.  While it does a good job at providing the basic information you need it lacks the ability to get a more detailed look, for example, to compare production vs transport capacity, unemployment by area, free jobs by location etc.  While with practise and some manual effort you can get some of this information, it really should be provided to you in an easier way.  As such, it leads to a reactive nature, reacting to issues instead of being able to be pro-active, especially when your island grows.Summary: An evolution of the series that has fixed most of the issues from previous versions while adding some nice new features on top.  The lack of in depth analytical info is a shame and I can imagine some Tropico Vetrans might be dissapointed with the lack of new content vs previous versions.  But for those new to the series with an interest in city builders, this one comes highly recommended.Score: 8/10 - Good Solid City Builder"
76561198008783876,Recommended,245620,10212914,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,lancaster_freefall,Buy it because El Presidente is neer wrong
,Recommended,245620,18842966,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Baiku,"People of Tropico!  The importance of this review has brought me before you.  I must warn you about the so called rebels on our island.  Those are anarchists who give poor reviews but present themselves as liberators.  Compañeros, do not listen to these narcissistic anarchists.  I must pay my respect to communists of Haemimont.  No one can deny the amazing development of Tropico within one mandate.  Yes, there is more of the same, with the usual problems.  But there will always be problems.  These problems will be resolved as the global economy stabilizes."
76561198063110358,Recommended,245620,15849003,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,AssAssinBurger,great story and multiplayer :)but you should wait long time for a multiplayer game without your friends :(I think you should improve this.maybe take cunter strike global offenssive multiplayer loby as a modal.although the game are very diffrent I think it would be very better.
76561198010562415,Recommended,245620,15719227,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Scouse Wizard,"Absolutely brilliant game when in single player.In multiplayer though we have suffered perpetually from desync issues and crashes. Do the dev's fix these issues? Not really, no. They did an OK job, delayed the inevitable desync.But hey, they managed to find the time to pump more DLC out of their♥♥♥♥♥♥than coke comes out of Colombia.Make your own judgement there. If you're playing alone I'd recommend it. Tread water otherwise."
76561198042505390,Recommended,245620,19744114,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Anzacsmart1,this is a good game for people who want a city builder which 1 has a military and 2 is much harder
76561197991012340,Recommended,245620,22981766,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,G FUNK,"While I found Tropico 4 the pinnacle of the series, I enjoyed Tropico 5 as another aspect to the game play that has made the series a darling.  Tropico 5’s timing seems slower paced than 4, but the consistent humor and different ways to build your nation is never repetitive.The only thing I wished was better was the DLC package.  The DLCs are more add-ons rather than enhancements to the game.  For example, the Waterborne expansion allows me to utilize the ocean, but it’s an “okay” feature that doesn’t enhance the game.Regardless, I’m a sucker for these games and I keep buying the DLCs in hopes that they’ll make a Tropico 6."
76561198045101103,Recommended,245620,10221035,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,valbishop,The wait for this game is totally worth it. Couple of missions into the campaign and it's a gorgeous game. The only thing I don't like is that they have a different voice actor for Penultimo than they did in Tropico 4.
,Not Recommended,245620,25268853,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,UncleDrax,"Neutral Recommendation.It's a Tropico, Better then 4, but still not any huge difference or improvement over 3.The problem is the publisher/developer has fallen into the same rut of releasing a mildly refreshed product and flogging the same DLCs for it over and over again. There are a few very minor production issues still (like un-normalized volume at times between the voice samples)If you want to get Tropico5, get it on sale for cheap as a bundle with all the DLCs you may want."
76561197970553586,Recommended,245620,15664705,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,keenbs,"I can make lama ranches, i can start world war 1 with the help of the illuminati, i can build nuclear warheads, and i can execute old grannys for no reason... perfect.10/10 would execute the 105 year old leader of the capitalist party again"
76561198021643011,Recommended,245620,10223265,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,A Mighty Muffin,very good game nice combination of all the previous games combined with new aspects like the tech tree and miltary redoalso increadibly  addictive where you just want to wait for that little bit more cash before you leave.....
76561197977997013,Not Recommended,245620,10240283,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,[DonD]bever,"This game NEEDS a save option for multiplayer/coop.  it is useless otherwise.At the moment is see this as false advertisement.MP also needs gamespeed control.The singel player mode is good, but i like to see more buildings and a lot of more skins for them."
76561198041864961,Recommended,245620,12620614,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Huell,Very unique game where you build an island nation where you are in complete control to decide your nations fate. Everything from full going on Kim Jong Un communist dictatorship to full on M'urican Freedom style. It provides many hours of fun gameplay and has tons of replay value.
,Recommended,245620,18243565,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jaska 🦊🦊@ NeonFur,"It can sometimes be a very stressful and outgoiing game, however all in all this game has a great realistic city building aspect behind it. If you love playing games where you can build to your death, either be filthy rich or filthy poor, this game is for you guys. Also very fun multiplayer aspect comes along with it as well. You can watch your friends ♥♥♥♥ up so badly and lose the game, or you could be ♥♥♥♥ed youself :P.""If you want something done, do it yourself""~ El Presidente"
76561197969957951,Not Recommended,245620,28924885,Posted: 1 January,all,DaffyTheBunny,"I am disappointed with this. I enjoyed Tropico 4 on the XBox 360 and assumed that this game would have been optimised to play on PC. However, it assumes you are playing with a controller. Trying to play with the mouse was clunky to say the least. My knowledge of Tropico 4 didn't seem to help me at all as the UI seems very different. I have requested a refund."
,Recommended,245620,19862872,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Omnis Arcanum,"Overall a fun city simulator.I love the various designs of the buildings and the simple, yet fun. management mechanics.Would like to add more building variety, bigger maps and perhaps more complex /alternative transportation options, but this may be in future installments.Overall fun game, i had a blast with it."
,Recommended,245620,15412343,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,RULE IT ALL
,Not Recommended,245620,17208253,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Gone Fishing,"This game is fun to play, but I cannot Recomend it after spending 10 hours trying to troubleshoot the internet connection problem and getting no help or having any luck. Don't get this game ifyou want to play with friends cause it's a 50/50 chance you will be able to."
76561197984508468,Recommended,245620,10214429,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,]-[edge]-[og,Better Tropico 4 Modern Times
,Recommended,245620,10280132,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"Another expansion sequel, based on the previous game. This one adds enough to be worth it but the new multiplayer functionality leaves much to be desired since you cannot save and time is stuck at double the speed of normal."
76561198030980450,Recommended,245620,17215556,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tallestdavid,Great games. prefer ROme era or greece.shame about the DLC though. hate that past features are DLC :(hope 6 current features are not locked behind a pay wall as well. i want a full game with all the features.
,Recommended,245620,30113153,Posted: 22 February,all,918 Spyder,Great game just put effort into it
76561198108642974,Recommended,245620,10866731,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shining Dime,"A simple-easy to learn, fun game to play.Tropico 5 is an amazing beautiful game. It has unique features from the previous tropico games while sticking to the true tropico game mechanics. Tropico 5 has more realistic war fare and a more in depth trading system than the tropico games that came before it.Overall, Tropico 5 is a faboulous game that will make you laugh and keep you up for hours."
,Recommended,245620,16912689,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,scaper12123,"Opened up the gameHad immediate graphical glitches.got some help from the devsI have an incompatable graphics card.At least the devs are responsive. Like, I never would have figured that out. Props to them.It's probably a good game. Like, come on. Any city builder is a good game. :D"
,Recommended,245620,16838778,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Daniel.Drache,"It's different to Tropico 4, But after many hours playing I think its an improvement.The game works well, it looks good, it's been streamlined a little from Tropico 4 but ultimately I think it's for the better.The DLC isn't needed, but the buildings ARE handy, ie the The Asylum provides a minimum level of healthcare for everyone."
,Not Recommended,245620,16872951,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Nasty Nate,Took out key essentials from tropico 4. Hard to be a dictator when you don't have prisons
,Recommended,245620,22079015,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Faluzure(NerdRage),"You're a dictator.You've always wanted to be one.Well, dreams can come true."
76561198031654316,Not Recommended,245620,21951076,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Nice Person,"Not fun to play, not as clear and easy to understand as Tropico 4."
,Not Recommended,245620,28247461,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,escamilla117,"If you want to control your camera, forget about it. When I move the view angle of the camera, it snaps to a random view. To me, this makes the game completely unplayable"
76561198053827457,Not Recommended,245620,20631486,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,tomb7116,Can't play all graphics skew wiff. Tried all the compatability options but no it still wont work complete waste of my money
76561198105347005,Not Recommended,245620,33129660,Posted: 2 July,all,alexbuzaladze,you pay 22 dollars for two buildings gets boring realy fast
,Recommended,245620,10211751,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lucas,"First impression: Looks like good old fashion fun. Tropico 5 integrates the timeline mechanic from ""Tropico 4: Modern Times"" as a core aspect of the game, and suddenly you are running your island kingdom on a timeline, similar to Civilization. An interesting bend to the game, and I look forward to exploring it more!"
,Recommended,245620,10304170,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Crusader Lethal (Deus Vult),An interactive simulation of my life.  11/10 GOTYAY.
,Recommended,245620,15619905,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ビバップ,"Tropico 5 is a fun city builder type game. It is not the same as Sim Cities or similar games so don't expect it to be.You get to play as an oppressive dictator, what else could you want? Stalin 2.0The main difference aside from some parts of gameplay is the single player story mode which ties together a large portion of the game.You might be wondering how a city builder can have a story mode, which is exactly what I asked myself.Oddly enough it was not horrible, mildly confusing, but it brought out a lot of game play mechanics you might have otherwise avoided or missed in sandbox.I have yet to try out the multiplayer and probably wont so nothing to say there.The game play is similar to Sim Cities, but it is in no way the same. It's hard to explain, there are a lot of similarities and differences at the same time so you'll have to see for yourself.It's a fun alternative to any other city building game because you have more control over the region and less people (WHO STILL HATE YOUR GUTS) to worry about.I have not played the DLC, but from what I know it adds more story to play which is probably the only part you'll touch so you'll enjoy that and more buildings if you liked the original.8/10Pros:- You get to be a dictator.- Resources are more prevalent and important than in other city building games.- Trading is a fun and important aspect of the game.- Sandbox is fun to play with infinite money.- Graphics are good, no texture popups, and generally polished all around.Cons:-  An oppressive government doesn't work, who knew.- Riots everywhere, not the good kind either, so much murder.- Combat is garbage.- No way to pre-plan your city."
76561198132186716,Recommended,245620,28726096,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,hwpneon,Great game most of your playing will be in the sandbox mode which is fun you can play normally or have unlimited money both are fun an example of one of my gameplays1.chooses unlimited money2.makes giant military3.kills anyone who isn't communist4.creates a communist tropico5.destroys ports6.kills most people just because i can7.make military kill each other8.just me and one soldier left9.soldier rebels and takes over tropico10.soldier dies and tropico becomes a ghost townbasically anything is possible
,Recommended,245620,16126842,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,traid,"I discovered Tropico only after 4 came out, and wow... how did I not know about this series? I bought Tropico 5 on launch day and promptly lost an entire weekend ruling as a dictator over a small island nation. Oh what a glorious leader I became; the people, they loved me. My bank account was flush and everything was wonderful! Then the communists started trying to change my liberal paradise... but I refused their demands! Those damn Russians sent warships to my shores, they threatened me, but I will not back down! Russia invaded my country and I was killed.10/10 will continue to fight Communism (now with added diplomacy)."
76561197970982254,Recommended,245620,16577996,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Calisto,awesome game :)
,Recommended,245620,16626332,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TnB|D|=Captain Crabs,Great Game! However compained to Tropico 4 I was slightly disapointed. Grab if on sale!
,Recommended,245620,17256172,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Merix,"My playtime with this installment is limited, but i have found myself  enjoying the game. there is quite a bit of difference between this and previous isntallments. such as more management options for trade routes. while at the same time. the game feels fresh compared to tropico 4, and while following the same playstyle, it has fleshed out into it's own game instead of a clone of previous titles.the only problem i have is how much DLC there is. and while im sure some people won't mind shelling out $80 for all of it, i find myself reservd to the cost and will most likely wait until they go on sale, or a game of the year edition is released which includes all, or at least, a vast majority of it.in short, this is a great RTS/City builder, and i would give it an 8/10"
76561198049780973,Recommended,245620,17299524,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Evocatus,"Great game, great sequel! Recommended."
,Recommended,245620,15039815,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,kittenm4ster,"A city builder game with full controller support, Linux support, and awesome Latin American music??? THIS GAME WAS LITERALLY MADE FOR ME"
76561198031158184,Recommended,245620,14819485,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,dhcoejr,"The game has amazing music and humorous dialogue. It provides a good challenge while simultaneously offering a relaxed and even casual play time. The new Waterborne campaign is fun and worth the money. Multiplayer is fun but few people seem to take advantage of it.  The Tropico line of games continues to impress and is a fan favorite. The company would not hurt from giving attention to a few minor details like ensuring the correct accent is given to the voices in the game (Carribbean Spanish accent versus Spain or Mexico Spanish) and other little details.I feel like the game could do a better job with tutorials by offering advanced tutorials that show players the ins and outs of economy at a detailed level to include how to maximize trade and edicts. Also, constitutional choices and how they affect factions and political standing.. Explanations on why my island might have 100 job openings and 100 unemployed even when I am making them pay for their own healthcare and food would be nice.The game has much more potential especially if they focus on multiplayer. Allow each player to have their own islands and conduct trade with each other, setting their own prices, etc. Marine and Air warfare. Corporate espionage and sabotage. Paying pirates to invade th other players. Joint ventures."
76561198134845531,Recommended,245620,15029663,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,LeChang,prossandbox funcan get unlimited moneypeople burn down buildings if not happycan have an army to defend youconsOP tornados5 year old pedosexpensive cheese dlcgood game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10
,Recommended,245620,16718386,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,miksme,cool game if you now how to play it
,Recommended,245620,15176737,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Just a Zombie,"Viva el presidente!So, lets address the elephant in the room. Yes, this is another city building game, a distant relative of Sim-u-know-what. Surfing thru the ages gives you a new challenge, particularly because you need to carefully reshape your city every now and then as the main campaign progresses.One of the issues I had at first is that the game forces you to jump between two islands, giving a false sense of “choosing”. You pick first knowing next to nothing about the resources available at the start, but then the game forces you to alternate between them making sometimes a really hard time, specially if you created a “military powerhouse” for some mission, and then pushed back to turn it into a “tourist heaven”.Having said that, whatever you are required to do, always think you may need to revisit your island, so make it as self-sustainable as possible. If you sacrifice population growth, happiness or food production for some short term objective, you may have a nightmare to deal with in the later episodes.Oh, the freaking military troops.. that is really annoying how they spread and head to the enemy's objectives instead of attacking the incoming troops.. man! How many battles lost because only a single troop faced 3 enemy squadrons while the other 4 where zipping mojitos at the gold mine or the farm “waiting” for the enemy to reach them. For the invasion times, try to built towers and army thingys close to the shore.Now for the good side:Loved the political puns, especially Penultimo quotes. Was kind weird hearing the same sentences once you're throw back in time and some technologies have to be “re-invented” though, if he is a time traveler as you are, why to repeat those? (ok ok, nitpicking here).The music is catchy and the visuals pretty good. Being able to see the little tropicans walking everywhere I zoomed in make me feel important lolI bought this on a Steam sale, and I'm really glad. If you like sim games, this one is a really good addition to your library."
76561198041786212,Recommended,245620,14899391,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,jacquesreading,"A great addition to the franchise. As enjoyable and funny as the last one with the right mix of new and old parts. My only major criticism is I can’t help but feel they could have done more with the campaign. Especially with the whole moving though time periods.Still, it is well worth the name Tropico and I intend to play many more hours. I haven’t done any multiplayer yet."
76561198060286225,Recommended,245620,14839016,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kostas RC,"If you liked the previous tropico games you are gonna love this one!Pros+Really good graphics+A lot of buildings+Requires A LOT of strategy+MULTIPLAYER!+FUN FUN FUN FUNCons-Same DLC strategy, there are things missing from the game and you have to pay extra for them."
76561198136568556,Recommended,245620,15679467,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,love100,asome game
,Recommended,245620,15923028,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,We Gonna B Alrite,"Even without the ""SAXOFON!!!"" this game is still amazing."
76561198055306407,Recommended,245620,14346246,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Robocop,Very fun and addicting game. funny humor if you know history.
76561198096454111,Recommended,245620,14794836,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Kalrad,"I've only played Tropico 4 and 5 and since most people have been commenting and reviewing on the differences between the two of them, I figure I'm qualified to review this accurately.I highly enjoy Tropico 5. I find it very addicting as I'm a complex strategy player at heart and enjoy the extra content, options, and challenge it provides. I think the dynasty mechanic is pretty interesting, it helps you overall in game though it does suck you can't control it a little more, specifically the first names and skill trait your heir gets.You definitely have to use your head! This is a simulation of you being a dictator after all! ANY decision you make will typically either affect you positively or negatively. How extreme depends on previous decisions you've made like who your allies are or will be and whether or not you've taken precautions to keep social unrest down. It's a lot more scale tipping than Tropico 4 and you have to have a short learning curve to enjoy this game for what it is. It's highly political and invasion is more likely from people you♥♥♥♥♥♥off than Tropico 4.Overall I think it's a more realistic rendition of a dicatorship simulation. Even at ""Occassional"" freaking random disasters, riots, conspiracies, etc happen regularly. I love it.If you don't actually like critical thinking strategy games, rely on foreign aid like a crutch all the time, or only played Tropico series for the humor then I wouldn't recommend this to you.If you love a true leadership simulation including managing, building, arresting, bribes, banishing, political gambles, and all the little aspects that come with it or just love world history, I do recommend this game!Likes- More challenging overall- Nicer Graphics- Dynasty Members Mechanic- In Depth Import/Export Trade Mechanic- Politics Game- Love having building managers to increase overall production/job/building function!Differences | Dislikes- *BIG* Less humorous than previous Tropcios IMO. They have jokes but it's like ""Ha. Ha."" More than hilarous imo.- Wish I could name and pick the trait (other than the 3 provided) for my heir- Would like more outfits than currently provided for avatars (Might be future DLC)- Wish I could purchase/attract more trade ships other than building a dock per trade ship ratio.- While I like the Eras mechanic, find it a little hindering BUT NOT IMPOSSIBLE for things like tourism or imprisoning/arresting etc not able to be done earlier in the game.- There is less of a subtle teaching mechanism in Tropico 5 than 4. You pretty much trial and error play blindly until you find yourself out of a job and have to restart the game with what you've learned. I can handle it personally but it might be a turn off for other players who need a bit more guidance in a game. (Took me a while to figure out how trade works and that I could send squads to unveil the island. No instructions on that.)Tips- Save Regularly. It does autosave but since crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happens in short amounts of time, you may want to change a bad outcome.- I reccommend doing a little research before playing the game. If you aren't familiar with actual world history or the game's new mechanics it will behoove you to look a few things up ahead of time like what technologies/resources and trade will be available in future eras so you can plan accordingly.- Check the trade routes before you designate farms/ranches/mines. You can profit more with something in demand.- Send out the squad from your palace to open up other areas of the island. (Costs $1000)- Don't be afraid/panic if you go into the negative in your treasury a bit. You have a -$10,000 Defincit allowance.- If you have 51% love of your people, I don't recommend doing an election if you can't improve in 12 months. I've literally lost an election like that hitting 49% by 12 months. And when in doubt if you've already agreed or suddenly lost a lot of support dont be afraid to call Martial Law to stop the election!- Always expect the unexpected."
,Recommended,245620,15124714,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,✪ Tana | FPS 32,Probably one of the best management simulation game i ever play.Everything is just one big joke on the island of Tropico. Dont take it seriously !Build as many mines and oil well as u can. Because to gain people happiness u will need a lot money.
,Recommended,245620,14812728,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Jasmin,"I wanna say the game ain't bad at all well made good played , no issues ..But I've made , so for the bad PC's so with low graphics doesn't lag cause I have 4GB RAM and with low graphics it lags around 20-30FPS well it changes from time to time .And better add you know bigger islands cause I tryed the nuclear bomb with my friend we all exploded not only him but me to so yep , better add big islands so people could use nuclear bombs , so yea big maps and less lags for low PC'sHope you read this"
,Recommended,245620,15946610,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,victor är vietnames,KATT
,Recommended,245620,17237731,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Lord Horatio,"I have been a Tropico fan for not too long now but, this game is amazing. Its such an upgrade from tropico 4 it's unreal. Starting in the colonial era under England's control to the modern era having Atomic bombs and Rocketships."
,Recommended,245620,15926977,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Rhab,"Really enjoy this game, I've come back to it time after time and it still offers some funny/relaxing gameplay.  DLC is overpriced.  This has been the standard practice for Kalypso, it would appear, and it probably isn't going to change.  For a new mission, building, and some useless costumes/styles for your dynasty, should be a 2 bucks max.  Have I still bought all the DLC? Yes.  Do I regret it?  No, but some of the DLC is more fun than others.  If you're going to buy any DLC, stick to the ones rated higher.  Inquisition, supervillian, didn't seem all that fun to me."
,Recommended,245620,15907777,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,bugdacious,"I like it. The campaign feels like there's much more to it.Others have reviewed in more detail, I'm just adding a thumbs up here. Move along..."
,Recommended,245620,16861406,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Kobaal,"Very interesting god/strategy game! The campaign is a lot of fun (the light-hearted and parodic-ish tone is brilliant)! Multiplayer sucked hard at release, sucked a little less few patches later and now...I have no clue, maybe it has reached a  ""playable"" state?"
,Recommended,245620,15612127,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lukeh,It fulfils all of my dictatorial needs.
76561198185333789,Recommended,245620,15628806,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,erJelG,"Good game, though I feel like it is not a fitting sequel to Tropico 4 which I still prefer.Good, but not as good as its predecessor."
76561198061016942,Recommended,245620,15894521,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,the real slim-schooby,"Great game, keep em coming!"
76561198144923668,Recommended,245620,15991478,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,死破壊運,.
76561197993440827,Recommended,245620,17279662,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Finlander,"One does not settle for silver after being used to gold.Yeah, it's Tropico allright...not. They tried to re-invent the wheel and came up with a square. It's a bit dumbed down and usable elements from the previous games were left out. Also it would seem that the studio got into taste of dlc industry with million billion different dlcs.Also I can't help but to wonder if they had some legal problems with the used soundtracks on tropico 3 and 4. I enjoyed the vocal music on the previous games. As far as I remember in tropico 5 there is just one soundtrack with voice and that is lyricless. Or maybe it costs more to produce music like that.The humour is of the same brand as so far. But It's tired wannabe funny, whereas tropico 3 and 4 had genuinely fun moments.In essence there is nothing wrong with the game mechanics. But the previous installments put the bar too high for tropico 5  and they failed to meet the high standards. However it is for that I am still giving this game thumbs up. There is nothing wrong in the game, but it is NOT it's predecessors."
,Recommended,245620,10240407,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,senna,"For those, who do not have Tropico 4 and do not plan to buy it, buy Tropico 5. The game has decent gameplay, nice graphics and good sound effects. The story, while not that importaint for the game of this genre, is still nice.For those who do have Tropico 4, I'd say you should still buy Tropico 5. The gameplay is somewhat different form the previous installment, and you might find it fun and entertaining. While not as hot, the game is still playable.""Yes, there are problems"".First of all, the game has been somewhat dumbed down comparing to Tropico 4. There are much less micro, and all in all it is easier to complete missions.There are much less jokes as well. Lulu's radio is not as hot as Sunny's, and characters are not as funny. Still, some do hit the goal, especially white flag one. :) It might have been better if Lulu was more talkative, but she only pops out that often.Still, the game seems to have a great potential, and I hope we would see patches and addons which fixes these problems. Meanwhile, I'd give the game 7/10."
76561198066737559,Recommended,245620,10214584,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Thaddeus49,"I love this game. I was a huge fan of Tropico 4 but this game beats it. Multiplayer, and new textures and they changed that way all the buildings look. I love the new layout in my opinion it is way better then previous games. Id recommend this game to everyone who loves city building games."
,Recommended,245620,10237555,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,thekaboobie,Great game. Definite improvements in this instalment. It still has that quirkyness that I know many have enjoyed in the previous games. The eras are a great Idea though personally I wish you didn't just jump immediately from one to the other. There should have been some sort of grace period or perhaps just have the occur naturally as the years tick by. With the later being my preference.It's harder.It's much more difficult than Tropico 4. I have yet to be able to make it out of the world wars era in one piece. I find the axis especially difficult to keep from wanting to slaughter me.I'll add more to this in the future.
,Recommended,245620,10213986,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zephy Zeph,"Great and fun city building game with a humorous aspect, smooth and fluid interface as well as optimization and very funny dialog (try reading the research dialogs when they come up!) The multiplaye is fun as well, but server problems and not being able to save the game make it a bit risky to play considering you'll lose everything if someone disconnects. Still a great game though."
,Not Recommended,245620,16476891,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ARO,Tropico 3 & 4 are better than this version.
76561198054416517,Recommended,245620,10349611,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Detective Mittens,"completly broken, freezes on opening"
,Recommended,245620,16708642,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,pBrambi ♥ Gamdom.com,"The game calls me ""El Presidente"" 10/10"
,Recommended,245620,16997052,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Ace of Losers,A very fun game for those who enjoy planning ahead and always having to fix problems. Has lots of comedy and good playtime though make sure to save often or you could lose a lot of progress if you mess up on something. 9/10
76561198094067901,Recommended,245620,17602614,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Andrew Wolfrick,"Tropico 5 (Review from a guy that'd never played it ever)TL;DR Version. 7/10 Its good, like addictively good but the tutorials are sub par and barely teach you a damn thing.Elaberation; Its good don't get me wrong but it does lack some real sort of direction. First age ""Get Independence."" Okay, well I got that. ""Good job now your economy completely changes!"" Wonderful, lost in my own fish bowl and in the middle of a world war. Alright, I can deal with that. ""Oh by the way, Rebels want to raid your Sh*t. Good luck with that."" Okay, not bad but- ""Hold on there, don't forget about your elections!."" Oh yeah! Nice not bad. ""Okay age over time to make peace with the axis and allies! Even if you were not at war and they both like you F*CK IT, make peace of stay there."" Right.. and I'm assumeing if I tell them to shove it up their respective bums I can expect invasion. At this point things are getting a little strange but hey lets advance.""Welcome to the cold war! Now, get your economy working and move forward."" Alright, well I expected worse but I get it now. At this point I looked up a tutorial on how the hell the economy works. With about an hour of researched I got it down and now I'm not having to much trouble. Again its a good game but the fact that the tutorials teach you 10% of everything is a little trashy. They are not called ""Tutorials"" for nothing.If you need a break from Sim city or Skylines, its a good buy. However the extensive DLC for the game. (DLC which is little things for 4$ each.. Seriously?) Seems interesting but I personally will not waste my money on the DLC unless its offered as a good priced bundle.7/10 Decent Buy. I'd recomend it. LONG LIVE TROPICO"
76561198214343800,Recommended,245620,17607337,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TheNerdNinja,I love this game but the controller suport is a little finiky
76561197999072636,Recommended,245620,10292772,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,0kamikaze,"A singleplayer game worth your money.Tropico 5 is a fair game for a fair price, an enjoyable Dictator simulator that while borrows many visual assets from previous games, has gameplay rebuilt from ground up. As a player who never touched campaign mode, the focus on a deep and richer sandbox mode is exactly what I wanted. Here are some ups and downs from my experience.-DON'T BUY FOR MULTIPLAYERAnyone buying Tropico 5 for multiplayer should definitely wait a long time, its a half-baked feature that may very well need an entire expansion (or two) to get right.-ALMANACThe new Almanac technically has most of the information you could get from 4, but its not very intuitive.  It takes a long itme to figure out where the important info is scurried away. Sometimes you need to scroll down, sometimes its behind an inconspicious word button. You have to explore every nook and cranny to find what you need.+DYNASTYThe Dynasty mechanic was kind of a letdown. Its an upgrade from T4, where each skill doesn't go into a massive pool, but is tied to a specific character (who can potentially die in certain circumstances.)+ERAS AND MISSION STRUCTUREThe Era system is the real game changer. If you've seen TotalBuscuit's T5 preview, you'll know the game has a very rigid, formulaic mission structure at the start, the Colonial Era. This is the most defining and brilliant of changes made to the Tropico series.These Colonial missions are guide you to very specific objectives, ignoring these usually  results in a premature ending. This is done to prevent you from falling into a routine which in prior games, would kill the fun of these games after awhile. These mission chains will seem binding, that you HAVE to do exactly what these missions tell you or fail. However, as your understanding of the game mechanics come together, you can figure out how much breathing space you have to fulfill the missions while building the Tropico you have in mind.+-COMBATCombat is all about expectations. Its no RTS. Its a little hands off, but for me personally its hard to react to changing circumstances. Your firepower comes only from three sources: guard towers, soldiers and tanks. If all of these sources of attack power are gone, you're effectively done.The most depth I've found with the system is grouping Guard Towers, so that the tankiness of the towers are complemented by consistent firepower which can kill enemy units and actually turn battles around. There should be ways to react to a bad situation, by cutting deals or accepting demands."
,Recommended,245620,10235118,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Warr,"I give Tropico 5 4.5 pairs of fancy El Presidente Brand Sunglasses out of 5. The other one got broke when El Presidente single handedly broke the noses of the Premier of the USSR and President of the USA with a swing of his beard.Seriously, this game gets a 4.5 out of 5. Another of the great series of city-building dictator sims that made me fall in love with city-building sims again in the first place and have a personality that makes it so few people can turn away after beginning to play with them, it delivers much of what it promises, but there's tarantulas in those crates of bananas.The first and foremost is that the voice acting has degraded, and things are less funny, than its predecessor Tropico 4. The storyline shares some mirrors to that game, ultimately, but is enjoyable despite this fact. The addition of tech research and a static continual build of your islands throughout the campaign (Which is something I greatly greatly missed in the Tropico 4 game, wishing it existed) provides a cohesive story and more believability, while keeping things humorous. Add in options like crafting your nation's constitution and it has plenty of playability, eve if your fun per minute might be lessened and ther's less commentary about your actions.Sandbox mode remains solid, especially with the addition of a random generator for islands.The multiplayer is a GREAT GREAT GREAT addition to the game, but that crate of bananas has a tarantula in it, too. What is that, you say? There is absolutely no save mode at all in it. So if you and your friends play 2 hours playing a multiplayer game? YOu'd better finish it because you won't be able to come back to it, you either have to devote a large chunk of time to it or play on small maps, in the end.Finally, there are plenty of bugs and glitches, even now, including things like the menu stuttering (at least 30 people including myself had this problem, which was because an intromovie playing in the background had horrible frame rate issues) but there are easy enough fixes of these until official fixes from Kalypso come forward.Over all? The game is a solid addition to the genre and the Tropico family. IT could have sailed higher, and it might still with DLC, but it's already far more enjoyable and far more playable for computers with lesser capabilities than its competitors in the city building genre, especially with very real trade, invasion, and competitive options in the multiplayer making an already deep game deeper."
,Recommended,245620,23690709,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Napoleon III,I love this game! This game is amazing and recommend this game to people who like to build up civilizations and like to run a country. This game is very similar to Civ and the reason why i purchased both games. This game does have an advantage though. It has better DLC than any of the Civ games. The Idea of the game is alot easier to get and has alot better graphics than any of the civilization games. I recommend this game.
76561198196339771,Not Recommended,245620,15808135,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jasoneriksen,"Topico 5 lacks much of the charm that made the earlier Tropico games memorable. The songs are all weak instrumental tracks rather than the awesome vocals tracks of earlier titles. There is none of the fun advisor commentary from earlier ones (""You are making qute a lot of enemies, Presidente!""). Even the simple pleasure of clicking on a random citizen and getting to know who they are and what they are doing is gone. The people instead scurry around as faceless drones that can't be interacted with. That takes all of the fun out of crushing a rebellion. The developers seem to be abandoning the roots of what made the original Tropico (and Tropico 3) special."
76561198014840178,Not Recommended,245620,24989460,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,aves,"Just not as good as the other versions, a big step back from the franchise compared to Tropico 3 or 4. In saying that, maybe worth a rainy day purchase on a good sale. 5/10"
76561198259542880,Not Recommended,245620,25118695,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,jnewkirk6756,"Here is what i think.  I came from tropico 4 so I knew a bit about the game before. This game is good as far as concept and graphics, very smooth and addicting. The bad thing about this game is that after the colonial period, the game is next to impossible to finiance a country.  It is very robotic when it comes to riots and game play. after playin this for a month you will be done with it. This game is honestly pointless after the colonial period you will not be able to go forward with your country. the trad system is so flawed. After the colonial period the trading system turns to importing only. all of the deals you found moderatly simple to make is no more after the colonial. It's almost like the game is not finished. other than that.. enjoy the music and funny script.. but this game is next to impossible to ""win"". tropico 4 is way more free. you can do it your way. this just looks better and the programing is weak, I wish i could get a refund. i spent weeks trying to force myself to have fun.. you will find yourself starting over a lot with this game.. and multiplayer does not work. deleted this from my computer, waste of time."
76561198060548998,Recommended,245620,14995620,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Peter pan,its fun and better then all of the other tropico games do to the diffrent time periods it has.
,Recommended,245620,14995014,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Munchk1nz,"great city builder with great comedic values, 10/10 would play again"
76561198018556617,Recommended,245620,16743620,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Lugesun_Bismarck,Traveled back in time to stop armagedon. Ended up killing an evil madman by sending him naked pictures of my chief advisor10/10 would rule fictional Cuba again
,Recommended,245620,16726584,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,mitmotim1,"""I am so furious, I cannot believe what has just happened!""Rebels didn't like me or my dynasty.Super powers invaded.Palace burned down.Game over. 10/10"
76561198006607098,Recommended,245620,32817760,Posted: 26 June,all,Abad,Best North Korea simulator on steam.
76561198128400930,Recommended,245620,12007157,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Cakeman,i cant get out of the first era and i dont jnow why
76561198105209531,Not Recommended,245620,12169376,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Overly PG Lookout Man,"My people hate the way I look. They always rebel.AI to lazy to work at the place right next to them.I got hit by an earthquake, then a tsunami, then 3 tornadoes.I was left $50,000 in debt and lost the game.Why spend $40.00 on this game when you can use that to buy 4 $10.00 games."
,Recommended,245620,16921897,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MrBeelzeboss,"I haven´t played the past Tropicos.The game is quite good but there are some thing that I didn't like. One of them being the music too repetitive, sometimes it didn't even start to play the songs.The disasters were kinda weird, not realistic enough.The wide range of things you can build amazed me.I didn't like the campaign island not being one (it changed you from another island to another starting from scratch and that sort of stuff).Still I recommend it. It is fun.7/10"
,Recommended,245620,16803277,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,TiGGaZ,"Tropico 5 is the latest installment of the game, but it doesnt bring as much change as one would hope.Sure it has new buildings, a new campaign and some new features but nothing too major when compared to 4, specially when it comes to the engine and the graphical part. I would say its still worth it when a sale hits but with the DLCs being overpriced and ruining most games imo, dont spend too much money on it.7.5/10."
76561198050190569,Recommended,245620,16572538,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Starsha,"It's a fun game at first, extremely addictive.  But once you've figured out how to be successful at the game, it becomes pretty boring."
,Recommended,245620,16659873,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,WietSmurf,"Now THIS is a fun game. In my opinion, this simply is the best city builder out there. Why is that? Mostly because of the style. It feels great to be El Presidente of your own little Carribean island. Your entire island looks exactly like you would expect from a Latino-American country. Yes, in the beginning that does look quite a bit like shacks, but if you do well that will change soon enough.And then there's the fact that you are El Presidente: this means that you can do whatever you want, provided you keep the people under control by either being popular or repressing them. The latter is my personal favorite.But El Presidente does not rule alone. He also has a number of trustworthy advisors to help him out and keep him busy. And your number one advisor is the one and only, brilliant Penultimo!Also, there are multiple ways to build up your island: you could build farms everywhere, industrialize or be the dream island of every tourist. Though I've got to be honest: this can get a little bit dull in your 50th game.Up until now, this might have seemed alright but not hugely convincing. So let me tell you what is.It is: the humour. This game is absolutely hilarious and happens quite often that I find myself laughing at yet another brilliant remark by Penultimo, though he is not your only source of fun.So if you want to rule your own little banana-republic and laugh a lot doing so, this game is a must."
76561198108199407,Recommended,245620,16813923,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,ray98911ray,try sanbox for funcampian is hard though
,Recommended,245620,16709495,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Hicksimus,I recommend it because it's more of a good thing and has a fairly refined feel but I have mixed feelings about so much of it being DLC.  Here's my point....If Nissan called me tomorrow and said we've decided to make the 1992 240sx again I'd be excited to get a freshly minted one maybe they could improve upon manufacturing issues they saw over time like cracking dashboards maybe use some modern tech for better fuel mileage and shorter braking distances......yeah I want one!  But if I were to buy it and find out that it's very nearly identical to my old one and all the new bits I expected were optional and more than the price of the whole car I'd just keep driving my old one.
76561198031203323,Recommended,245620,16395941,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LegalBeagle,"Tropical Simcity basically. Build your city, research tech, grow your economy. I really like it though and would highly recommend it to anyone that likes city builders.Pros:The graphics are beautifulThe music is greatLots of questsEasy to learnNot so subtle humor laced throughtLong and challenging Main CampaignCons:Military combat is all AI (your units too)Economy seems broken at times, either too hard or too easy to exploitLow replayability (same quests over and over, you can plan ahead once you know what to expect)DLC is expensive and adds relatively little each (usually 1 building, 1 mini campaign with that map also avaialbe in sandbox mode)"
76561197992940495,Recommended,245620,16820131,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,townsendc,This is  a great game.  Good graphics and story line.  It falls short as you can only play two scenarios without having to buy more.  The the price of the game the manufacturers should be embarrassed. I still recommend the game but come on $76 for the DLC.  Shame on you guys.
76561198022146286,Recommended,245620,17542891,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,BaessHoof,El Presidente is love. El Presidente is Life.
76561198049112828,Recommended,245620,17478501,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Stangle Khan,I kidnapped the Pope because he didn't want to come to Tropico.It turns out he wasn't mad and in fact liked it so much that he didn't want to leave. I had to drive him out of Tropico with Gay Marriage and Stem Cell Research.8/10 Would be excommunicated again.
76561198073031205,Recommended,245620,10235404,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Acekj,"Ive played Tropico on and off since Tropico 3......I love Tropico 5 as much as any other Tropico game. However, it does have its downsides. For example, why cant we choose where to placce the beginning buildings? Andwhat happended to the map editior? But the pros far outweigh the cons and i would suggest anyone who hasn't played any Tropico games buy and play this one as it is currently the best."
,Recommended,245620,30277802,Posted: 2 March,all,Salemono,I have had this game on disc for a LONG time. I decided to buy it on PC for the DLC's which when done right like they are add to the game. I Have been a major fan for a long time.
76561198161661130,Not Recommended,245620,29359339,Posted: 19 January,all,Eric Harris,"In tropico 3 and 4, you felt like you were building a real nation. In tropico 5, you can sit back, do nothing and be rewarded. Although it's improved in some regards such as the extended timeline. The fact that police no longer roam around the city, and the military is no longer based on individual soldiers/units creates a disconnect. To me it feels that I have a massive disconnect with the city I'm supposed to be building."
76561198205854976,Recommended,245620,24020969,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Cami,"fun game, outlays could be more intuitive"
,Recommended,245620,33033540,Posted: 30 June,all,Cream*Cheeze,Lots of fun playing this game... never gets old...
,Not Recommended,245620,20697884,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,👉 👌 Peanutcat 👉 👌,Tropico 4 is better tbh
76561198142867512,Recommended,245620,30078839,Posted: 21 February,all,IPVTPLAYER,Ish good game9.5/10
,Recommended,245620,25940687,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Dusseldorf,Ever wanted to be a dictator? This is the game for you!
76561198267505221,Not Recommended,245620,29209663,Posted: 12 January,all,meowskin1,1.Not like 3 or 4 at all really just a downgrade2. Multiplayer barely ever works3. WAY too much military needs4.Not many custimization options5.Just get tropico 3 its a much better game
76561197993315064,Recommended,245620,14541033,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Sayrthara,"This is a great city-buiding and economy game, much improved from Tropico 3&4. Fantastic soundtrack as always, good humor, but needs more variety in city design."
76561198073084026,Not Recommended,245620,16072643,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Firebird450,"Awful support, Directx11 graphics card and the game loads to a black screen that is un-playable, worked for 70+ hours but with awful patching of the game is f*c&#d, save the money and buy tropico 4."
76561198043254294,Recommended,245620,22854216,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,The World is a Sandbox,"I'll finally post my review of Tropico 5, sort of as my swan song to my long history with a game I've come back to countless times since it was released back in 2014. Back then I bought at full price, same for the two extensions (Waterborne and Espionage), and many of the DLCs (mostly to get my hands on new maps). I've not regretted a cent of that cumulative purchase price; it's come out to about $1 for 10 hours of pure play time. I spend $3 every day for my morning coffee, and about 6 bucks to throw a dart at a balloon at the county fair to win a pink elephant which I couldn't even convince my girlfriend to carry. If you niggle about a dollar or two more or less for this much value that you get with Tropico 5, there's something wrong with you. If you still haven't purchased it (either you've lived behind the moon or you just took up strategy gaming), it's so cheap now for what you get, just buy it. End of THAT discussion.I'm finally posting a review also to counter the many posts from the good people who love their Tropico 4, and post negative reviews on this board. It's a blessing and a curse for any creative to create something that is so strongly adopted by many. You may have followed the saga of the unfortunate Alden Ehrenreich, who Disney cast to be the young Han Solo in new episodes of the Star Wars franchise. Mr. Ehrenreich will not live another happy day on social media because the die hard, self appointed guardians of the Star Wars fantasy galaxy will rather have a septuagenarian Harrison Ford act out a young Han Solo than - heresy - a young and fairly unknown Mr. Ehrenreich. Something similar seems to be going on with Tropico 4 and now Tropico 5. Tropico 4 created a unique world that sucked people in, and with which they became so familiar that anything that breaks with tradition becomes a bridge too far for some. But to continue a successful franchise means sometimes having to take things into a new direction. Tropico 4 already got cluttered, and its graphics and tool tips and drop down menus betrayed its origin in the age of desktop computers running Win XP Pro with a middling graphics card. At a certain point, the economics of game development are inescapable: you have to be able to address a user base beyond your hard core niche players (who aren't getting any younger either), and open up to new systems (consoles). Firaxis did the jump with going to Civ 5 from Civ 4, and the reactions were similar. In the end, I've logged many, many hours on Civ 5, seen the modders base for that game grow exponentially and churn out awesome free mod products, and wonder with hindsight what the heck all the fuss was about in the first place. Same with Tropico 5. The devs had to break with some traditions, and what we got - and what you should get - is a game with beautiful graphics (don't buy this with a marginal graphics card, you want to run this on max resolution with all effects and all texturization turned on) and wonderful replayability.This is personal, and may not apply to you, but I found a few decisions the devs took unfortunate. For example, they lost me from ever playing their campaign again when they force you - warning: spoiler -  to switch islands right at the start. There's no rational reason, no macguffin brilliant enough to somehow explain that story-wise, so the devs didn't even try. They just send you on another island. That took me completely out of my little world they had me in, and I never touched their campaign again. You may also find that the wit of the base series is lacking from the DLCs, which veer into slapstick and - again for me personally - made them too silly for me to care. I did wholeheartedly adopt Sandbox mode, in which I think Tropico 5 truly shines. Again, it's a special beast: those who wish for a city builder a la the old Sim City franchise before EA inexplicably decided to drive that against the wall, or the more recent Cities:Skyline, will find Tropico 5 odd in some aspects. You have to put up with the silly story lines and some extreme abstraction in some aspects of gameplay. The amount of information available to El Presidente is also somewhat limited (but then, you can always just consult the T5 Wiki). But Tropico 5 has something that makes it addicting: personality. If I build a perfect city in a city builder, fine. Yawn, eventually. But with Tropico 5, I found I can build cities, like real cities. With slums. Traffic jams. Political shenanigans and NIMBYs you just can NOT get along with. And you know what? You won't have to. Just have them come out on the street, then roll over them with your tank. And after the mayham of another revolution put down, sit back in your presidential lawn chair on your presidential lawn with your presidentially strong pina colada in hand, and look from atop high out over your sprawling, smelling, living, breathing, but strangely beautiful city, and take in that gorgeous sunset painting the sky behind all those houses in the most magnificant colors any citybuilder will give you. That's Tropico 5 to me, and that's what made all those hours I played it time well spent."
76561198153467894,Recommended,245620,29271149,Posted: 15 January,all,freelyboy,gud game
76561198130032136,Recommended,245620,18089610,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Bosscascade,"quick reviewfun, addicting, and better then tropico 4 in most ways.pros (improvements from tropico 4)playing though diffrent time periodsnew buildings such a car factory watch towers (etc)new units such as jets.major nations will invadeconstitutionnew tech treeconscant directly order militarytook out some buildings from tropico 4 such as armourypeople whine about everything(this may just be a bug for a few people)Lets say you have 15000 cotton production, and you build a texture factory which uses cotton. At first you have few high school education which is needed for the factory. So you have 2 wirking there using lets say 400 cotton ti make texture. That fine if the extra cotton is diverted to docks like in the old games, but all cotton goes to the factory, meaning your lossing 14600 cotton, which is no where near even as texture isnt that valuble, so you go broke you picked a free tropico, so you cant build stuff to make people happy, they hate you you get voted out or they revolt and bye little island life.If there is a fix i dont know it, but this is still a good game."
,Recommended,245620,12566860,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,dejaime=D-Newbie,"This is a subpar sequel to the Tropico 4 masterpiece, but it still has its value. The management is still there, the politics, the cheesy humor.The added military side of the game was simply an awful decision, and you'll need to go through it at least some times in the main history, despite of how well you handle your rising economy.Being able to start on an island from where you took off is nice at times, but somehow I miss the many different islands with different challenges."
,Recommended,245620,12575902,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,[HGS][ANG]Evis,"Tropico 5 is a welcome sequel to a great series. Many fans were underwhelmed by Tropico 4. While the game was solid it did little to innovate on Tropico 3 and its expansions. Tropico 5 took notes, and now offers a very different gameplay experience.The biggest changes are the multitude of little tweaks, such as how farms work, a new research system, new specialist system, the dynasty mechanics and a dozen other little things that overhaul the game hugely. Each is well implemented with the level of detail and balance we've come to expect from the series.The new time based campaigns are also something that Tropico players have talked about for a long term- persistent islands. Traditionally each level in Tropico is its own map, but no longer. You have only two islands in this game, and you develop them through the campaign. This requires much more foresight and planning and led to me needing to restart the campaign twice because I didn't think far enough ahead. I thoroughly enjoyed overcoming this great new challenge.If you've never played Tropico I'd suggest starting with 3 or 4. 5 is a very different game but it maintains the tone, feel and gameplay shape of its predecessors. As such you can spend a little less seeing if you like the style before you commit to spending more on the recent title.If you know Tropico and love it, then you'll love Tropico 5. Faithful, but not afraid to break new ground. And they break it with extreme competence and authority."
76561198381003749,Recommended,245620,33268652,Posted: 5 July,all,Stegosaurus,JOLLY ROGER/10
,Not Recommended,245620,10506566,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Dalorath,Pretty much the same old game just remade with a few new options...   Ive already gotten bored of it :-(
,Recommended,245620,16071460,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Tyzza,Visually amazing and really makes you think about strategy.
,Recommended,245620,16082065,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Brian Beer God,Citizens of the world.  Play this game or else!!! I kid! But seriously an incredibly fun city building game
76561198212828639,Recommended,245620,29240120,Posted: 13 January,all,mentronian,i like building something like a city that is easier than city skylines
,Recommended,245620,21871577,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Konizumi,funny side of dictatorshipits ok
76561198021954420,Not Recommended,245620,22247762,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Molinari,"Poor military feature ruins the game. Sadly, Kalypso runs into this problem with most of their titles. Real shame."
76561198038985357,Recommended,245620,21156712,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,IKEA,Great game but population is capped at 2000 which ruins it
,Recommended,245620,22901853,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Factor Zero,5/7 Best Fidel Castro sim I've ever played.
76561198046436578,Recommended,245620,35381507,Posted: 1 October,all,DEtourREX,I killed everyone
,Recommended,245620,35336041,Posted: 30 September,all,Jesushatesteve,:presidente:
76561198091599512,Recommended,245620,30339281,Posted: 5 March,all,Vyyrakk,I would very quickily turn Tropico into Nazi Germany if I cared enough to download it again.
76561198035964421,Recommended,245620,10488227,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Martin Scorsese,"Declared independance from King, still require mandate from King.Top kek/ 10"
76561198097273955,Recommended,245620,10326594,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Evil Dr. Coconut,"Rebels burnt down my steel factory, twice. So I executed all of them, turns out my people hated me, I had sixty rebel soldiers at my palace and they burnt it down........10/10 still loving it...."
76561198038391633,Recommended,245620,10327437,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Tony Saint,"The graphics are so good that i cant even see my screen, so im hoping its a good game."
76561198066115539,Recommended,245620,10336008,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,commando5054,"Tropico 5 lacks the level humor it had in Tropico 4, but at least you can build perfectly straight roads and blocks of buildings with the new grid system. Before you consider buying this game, check your pc/laptop specs as some people I seen on steam aren't compatiable with there graphics card supporting direct x 11. After 15 hours in playtime, Tropico 5 doesn't go past the start up... I have to remove all files to make it work again."
76561198049102364,Recommended,245620,10351038,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,P2dax21,Hey I love the part when I want to play but I can't due to it closing on me everytime I hit Play Tropico 5!!!
76561198070450492,Recommended,245620,11307079,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mj_40,hhguij
,Recommended,245620,11180885,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,DAOC,Tropigoon! Pretty FIGJAM dictator mate!
,Recommended,245620,19354391,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,lunchboxlover,"I'm new to the Tropico series and haven't played any previous installments so I'm not sure how this game compares to other Tropico games but for the most part I've had an awesome time playing it. It has a lot more depth than other city-building strategy games by adding the political dynasty element. The mechanics are easy to get used to and the design, concept, and writing all really augment the experience.The tutorial doesn't give you enough info to really play the game. I spent a lot of game confused about why my happiness was high but my approval low or why approval was high but civil unrest was growing. In that regard a lot of the details of the gameplay fall a little flat. That aside the problem solving political aspect is at least enjoyable if nothing else. Whyever revolutions keep continually popping up on my island dealing with them is always an exciting element.Though it stagnates a lot and could use some better tutorials overall I forsee myself spending many more hours in this game.(A side note: I got it on sale for 10 bucks so this review is entirely contingent on I didn't drop a lot of money on this game. 10-20 dollars is exactly the amount I think this game shoudl retail for. 40 dollars for this game, in the state it's in, seems excessive. )"
76561198024713974,Recommended,245620,12025186,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,LoreSmith,Decent revamp of a tried and tested game. Currently a little limited in scope but I assume much like the Modern times expansion for Tropico 4 completely opened up the game an expansion for 5 will do the same.
76561198016839744,Recommended,245620,14821921,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,It's fun to Execute Opposition Leader
76561198183325394,Recommended,245620,14821840,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,MeatWagon936,its an ok game
76561198067407001,Recommended,245620,14926549,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Benghazi,Elections what elections?
76561197979095350,Not Recommended,245620,11903191,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,NadaTech,"I will say that after Pre-paying for Tropico 5 I will never do that again.  I was led to believe that I would recieve a free copy of Tropico 4 to pass onto a friend.  Instead it just sits in my games profile and I can't pass it on because as far Steam is concerned I don't own a steam version of Tropico 4.  However, I do own one.  I bought it via Amazon.  Steam and Kalypso won't work with me on resolving this.  They got their money so what do they care if I bought a spare trop 4 to pass onto a friend and I can't do that.The combat system just plain sucks.  No deploying troops or assigning targets to attack or defend that you want.  The tanks go like 4 blocks out of their way to get to the combat area and they won't even go cross country.  What tank can't go across a field?The new pay system is confusing.You cannot control El' Presidente.  He just wanders around doing whatever?I've pretty much ignored this game since I bought it/got screwed."
76561198074103134,Recommended,245620,24931112,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,rdf54321,Great fun not overly serious but still has a good mechanic for building and cool music to go with it ! What more do you want ??
,Recommended,245620,10878783,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Invi,"The only problem with this game is that not enough of my friends are playing it, so that I can out-dictate them all."
,Recommended,245620,10853935,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,creamybagle720,"This game is so much FUN! It is funny, creative, smart, and soooooooooooooo adictive! I play it all the time. I love this game and I highly suggest this game for hours and hours of Fun and laughter. Create your own tropican paridise. Be a kind presendente, or a cruel dictator. Your choice!"
,Recommended,245620,10877911,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Morroda of the Ping,"I love Tropico. The strange humour, the twist on world history, and the city building set in a banana republic. Definetly worth playing."
76561198014843649,Recommended,245620,13650068,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Madbombr,"Not as addicting as Tropico 4, but almost!"
76561198120369173,Recommended,245620,16563003,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Abdullah,An awsome game!
76561198101828336,Recommended,245620,25519252,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,nerd_o_tron,"Like Simcity, but instead of lowering taxes you can build guard towers. 10/10."
,Recommended,245620,15163074,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,A Concerned Citizen,It's like Dungeon Keeper but you're a ruthless dictator in the cold war-era caribbean islands.
76561198072420893,Not Recommended,245620,16714481,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,ocreez,"if you liked tropico 1-3, purchase tropico 4 instead of this.this game is awful.tropico 4 is the awesome one in the series."
76561198030822947,Not Recommended,245620,16776634,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nazowa,"Rebels rising every year in spite of an approval rating of 80% ? Yeah right...No depth, no economy, no nothing but just building guard towers and barracks. There are much better games where I Can do that. If you are lso one of the unlucky ones like me who bought the Espionage pack high chance that the game will stop working without giving any indication as to why. Workaround ? If you find any please also tell me.Not recommended at all. Wish I could sell back mine."
76561198030956258,Not Recommended,245620,29301879,Posted: 16 January,all,Giggles,"This is a downgrade from Tropico 4. There are actually far fewer customization options in this game than in Tropico 4, the only real improvement is graphics. Even at a discount you should just go back and play Tropico 4, which probably got a lot more money and development time."
76561198006637446,Recommended,245620,10223509,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,roncad64,"I'M REALLY UPSET WITH WHAT THEY HAVE DONE WITH TROPICO 5, GRAPHICS ARE BAD THERE IS NO  WHAY TO CHANGE THE CONTRAST, THE GROUND LOOKS LIKE BURNT ORINGE. NO MISSIONS, JUST CAMPAIGN OR SANDBOX DON'R GET ME WRONG I LOVE SANDBOX IN ALL GAME BUT COULD OF PUT MORE CHOICES FOR GAMES WITHIN THE GAME. IS THERE ANYONE ELSE UNHAPPY WITH THE GAME??? PLEASE PROVIDE FEEDBACK. OH ALSO CAN'T FIND OWNERS MANUAL ANY WHERE. ANY SUGGESTIONS???   THANKS"
,Not Recommended,245620,16783635,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Xantheus,"It looked promising at first, which is why I was one of the many people that pre-ordered the game. I regret it since I only played literally a few hours before I realized I was playing the same exact game but cut down  in content. The new features WERE a fresh breath of life into the series but to see them spam out DLC that is not worth the asking price only makes me feel even more regretful of my purchase. I never asked for a refund due to the fact it was my fault to begin with for pre-ordering the game and I had false hopes that they would atleast fix up the game and give out free content for a short while where things were missing, since it was obviously missing most of the content that they are now ramming out in DLC.Note to self: Never pre-order a game again. First and last time I'm doing it.Note to Kalypso: The current PR you are going with is only making you lose more and more customers that were once loyal to you. Once you lose your oiginal fanbase, you only start to see a decline in future sales. Yes you get a quick return in money spent on developing the game, but in the long run you hurt your future sales to make any profit.Note to future customers: Don't buy the DLC until its on sale for half price or 75% off. Otherwise they will continue with this greedy cash grab. It's just not worth the asking price considering a modder could dish out more content for FREE."
,Recommended,245620,16325805,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Atypicality,Tropico 5 is pretty cool.
76561197991172011,Recommended,245620,10822565,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dmitri,"You know, for all the crap this game gets due to bugs? Guess what? it's still fun. The bugs will be patched out eventually... and yes, you might want to hold on for buying this until 1.04 or better uet 1.05 but otherwise, it's a decent game which willgive you a bunch of hours of entertainment. Loved tropico 4? You might just like this."
,Recommended,245620,10228320,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,/ kurp /,"its ok for me to play ingame but its so laggy in the menuplease add an option so you can remove animation and just be picturesit takes me 15 mins to use a menu in the gamei have to press windows key so i can stop animationi have to wait until the game responds):pls fix this10/10 i like simcity + world waragain, its ok for me to play INGAME i cant use the freaking main menupls fixi unhappyi kno i need a gaming computerbut i cant afford ):"
76561198007367478,Not Recommended,245620,11376247,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,clarkenlisa,I thought this game would be alot better than the other tropicos; but is about the same boring with bad graphics and cartoonish . what ever you created on a island is lost if your people rule you ou of power. a big loss to hard work.
76561198030872127,Not Recommended,245620,11573011,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,joelmun,"Tornados are shorter, which I like. Aside from that, I could've continued playing Tropico4 and saved the $40.This game is pretty buggy. Earthquakes can wipe out your garrisons, but leave invading forces untouched. The graphics are busy so if you do put your diplay adapter to work on medium or high settings, it noticably affects movement around the map.I also don't get why I'm on two different islands ..."
76561198040945374,Not Recommended,245620,11602024,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Condenado,"Do not buy this game, if you already own Tropico 4. Don't want to say there is no improvement, there is actualy less!"
,Not Recommended,245620,11563867,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ChrisKesterson,"Shameful display by Kalypso and everyone envolved.  Stick with Tropico 4 for a better, less buggy, and just generally more fun game.  I gave this game a shot, yet refuse to play or recommend this broken piece of trash.  Save your money."
,Not Recommended,245620,21114016,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,stem,how do i get a refund
76561198143811406,Recommended,245620,17215768,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,BM Mile,"its quite a hard game but really fun, i got confused on the part where soilders come and destroy your military so i restareted 5 times before realizing the truth lol"
76561198045210029,Not Recommended,245620,13679234,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,fwapper,"Prefer Tropico 4, it lost touch with the simple fun playable self. It was always a game that could be played and enjoyed without a serious investment."
,Recommended,245620,10430863,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Usmellkiller,"I am new to the Tropico series; however am quite happy with Tripico 5. I started the game and was quite disappointed with the interface and with bugs in the game. It definately isn't as smooth and organized as other games, and takes a minute to get used to. Nonetheless, the game is still great fun and offers a more comedic experience to strategy games.My main hesitation about the game is the multiplayer experience. The multiplayer sessions don't have many features and is overall quite limited. However, there are quite a few maps and the ""generated"" map option is nice. However, I still think the interface of multiplayer takes some time to get used to and wouldn't be harmed by some changes.My favorite part of the game is the detail. The artwork in the game looks good and the maps are lush and colorful. It is apparent that a lot of time went into detailing the buildings and landscape. This really has an impact on the gameplay, making your city look busy and very appealing.If you aren't completely sure if you want to pay the $40 for this game, I recommend waiting till the game goes on sale. I paid the full $40 because my friend was super excited about the game, and I think I would've been happier paying less (even though I'd have to wait a few weeks). Just remember to play enough to get past the bugs and get used to the poorly made menus and interfaces. I've noticed that these bugs are getting fixed and that updates come out regularly."
76561198009518104,Recommended,245620,21656752,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gurovsky,"Sincerely, I haven't played sandbox mode yet, but the campaign is so much fun that it's worth the purchase. The dialogues are very hilarious and there is good strategy involved. Maybe the game is a little bit easy, but it's ok for non hardcore players."
,Recommended,245620,24998473,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,HeroComics,"Probably THE Best Game I have on Steam. It's sooooo much fun! You basically go to an island and try to make a civilization out of it. You can make it the island whatever you want. But if you start in the Colonial Era you want to get out of that era quickly (or don't go in the Colonial Era at all) because you are in the hands of The Crown and you depend on missions to extend mandate, and if your missions end, or if you don't get a mission in time, you lose the game. But the World Wars Era is different, you depend on elections. This game is soo much fun and I recommend this!"
,Recommended,245620,25203286,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Zenstrive,"I approached this game, two years after release, with playing Tropico 4 in my mind.It's a whole different game, literally and gameplay wise.You are not playing as one immortal dictators, you're playing as one of many immoral dictators coming from a dinasty.You are not passively importing and exporting stuffs, you are actively seeking import-export markets.You are not going to ignore world powers, you are playing with and being played by them.And you are not going to get your buildings automatically in time, you need to do researches.And those researches are divided by historical eras.And fishes, fishes deplete.And no longer you will have endless gold mines, you will need to import.It's a whole new game, with its up and down compared to Tropico 4. My heart is still with Tropico 4 though, but Tropico 5 is still a good experience.Especially with jet fighters flattening the rebels. Fun!"
76561198022296391,Recommended,245620,25208703,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MacAttack,"I read the reviews, and like usual, i read the negative ones first.  Don't mind them.  This game is great!  Fun and entertaining and replay value is there, just like the first 4 games.  The ONLY thing that I can say that I keep trying to find that is hard to, is that it is hard to single out the people that are against you, but then, I havent unlocked secret police, or put agents into the tavern....you know what I mean.  So when ever you see this game on sale, pick it up!"
,Not Recommended,245620,23224616,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,LurkusMcGurkus,"This game is fun but quite limited.  I managed to squeeze some time out of it, but overall it gets monotonous quite quickly.  The gimick of you playing as a dictator start of rather funny but, the humour slowly becomes cute before descending into repetitive and annoying.  The ceilling of what you can build and advance to felt far too low and also quite restrictive.  The choices you may make, again while funny initially, don't seem to do all too much outside of changing some numbers.  It's a weak city building/management game wrapped in gimicks.  While I did have fun, I cannot reccomend it on account of how incomplete this game felt.+Fun for a bit-Not worth the money-Low ceiling for progress and creativity in the game-GimickyI cannot say the experience was bad, i did not dislike playing it by any means.  Rather, it was lackluster across all facets of gameplay."
,Recommended,245620,10552865,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ninjaxas,"This is a strategy game as I think everyone knows that . This game has really much strategical options , that makes game hard .Tropico 5 is more Economic strategy game , not really a war game , so if you want to fight , to crush someone's town , Tropico 5 is not for you... I recommend this game ONLY for those , who have played a lot of strategy games , because this is one of the Hardest strategy game ( For me ) .-Note- For Youtube'rs-One soundtrack in this game has copyright in youtube .Also there are still some problems with this game , mostly with multiplayer ."
76561198071689319,Not Recommended,245620,15118812,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Obeesious,"BAD GAME! If you thought it would be nice to play the new Tropico, think again. It will ruin everything you liked about Tropico. The DLC is over priced and useless. So limited compared to the previous iterations. All in the name of ""consol appeal"" or whatever bulls@@t. Forget about it."
,Recommended,245620,10228023,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,pc is for casuals,"farm bananas and win, serius this game has so much re playbility. like what!"
76561198126254516,Not Recommended,245620,16145138,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,The Darth Barron,It's a huge let down from Tropico 4
,Not Recommended,245620,13181777,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,MAFIUL,I liked SimCity more.
,Not Recommended,245620,13170049,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Beelze,
76561198141706189,Recommended,245620,15605601,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,mikeedb83,"i have both Tropico 4 and all of the DLC, an Tropico 5 no DLC. an thir is big diff between the too games. 5 is moderntimes EP of 4. the big'st thing i notice was the presdents cabent insted of having muptill trates like in 4, so one person has green thum then thats all for that person. the cabnet has up to 6 persons to it think, each one has own perk."
76561198069916862,Recommended,245620,12234871,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,edingtonsteve,Love it.
76561197993632034,Not Recommended,245620,12243071,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Glendinho,It is neither a step forward more of a sidestep or bug free enough to warrent a recommrndation
76561198112188190,Recommended,245620,12246895,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Milburger,"The feeling of playing tropico and expanding you community is a great feeling, requires a decent computer to run on the higher settings though..."
,Recommended,245620,16751626,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,NUK3D,One of the most fun things in the world. 10/10
,Recommended,245620,18906179,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,★$nøøp Døge★,Un bon jeu bien qu'un peu compliqué
76561198151302714,Recommended,245620,13424985,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Thebritishslayer,awesome!
76561198171826154,Recommended,245620,15053947,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,cufe_yrz,Great game to play.
,Recommended,245620,10231763,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Sicho84,"Ola El Presidente! The best city builder just got better! Improved graphics, a multiplayer mode, a new ""era"" system and many other new features.But not everything is perfect in Tropico 5.The campaign was a bit short for my taste (took me around 8 hours) and it was pretty easy. (played on Medium Settings) Your mileage may vary!They overhauled many of the mechanics and systems in the game and introduced a new ""era"" system, where you start as a colony of the crown in the early 20th century and then need to fight for your independence to advance to the World War era. After that, it's the Cold War era and then the Modern Times era. Each era unlocks new buildings, new upgrades, new possibilities and new political factions and potential invaders. You also need to research stuff and edicts before being able to use them (reminiscent of one of the ""Extra Missions"" in Tropico 4) This gives Tropico 5 a sense of progression that was absent in the previous entries - which is a good thing.However, I think all these changes in the pacing and the mechanics are one of the reasons, why they played it ""safe"" in the buildings department. While the new gameplay systems offer many new things to Tropico veterans, the buildings are mostly the same as in previous iterations... and there are less buildings as in Tropico 4.The game features all of the usual buildings and infrastructure (houses, roads, Teamster office, factories, military buildings etc.) but it lacks some ""eyecatchers"" and special buildings like the Golden Statue or the Eternal Flame in Tropico 4. Even the tourist buildings are a bit bland compared to the previous games - and there are no more ""tourist attractions"", just hotels/lodgings and some general ""entertainment"" buildings like the Casino or a Restaurant. No more Balloon Rides or Ferry Wheels or Ethnic Enclaves ... the only ""real"" attractions are the new hover gliders and a circus. The rest is - as mentioned - usual ""city"" stuff like the Casino, a Museum, an Opera etc.Other examples of ""absent"" structures: Weather Station, Radio Station (TV and newspaper are still there), Grade School (High scool and College are still there), Radar Dishes ...Also, there are no more foreign army bases, no more Aid Tents, no more Stock Markets or other ""special"" structures with various effects or consequences.Some buildings now have two functions: the Police Station can now be upgraded so that it is also a Fire Brigade. There is no dedicated Fire Bridage building.But this does not mean that you cannot build beautiful and diverse cities in Tropico 5! You absolutely can build great cities! But in my opinion, even with the progressive era system, you will see every available building way to soon... especially since you'll know 95% of them if you played Tropico 3 or 4.The game is however as addicting as the previous entries in the series. The Sandbox Mode will provide me with many more hours of entertainment and achievement hunting. (already played the game for 25 hours at the time of writing this review) They also added a Multiplayer Mode, which is fun but - at the time of writing - very buggy. You can play Versus and Coop and you can set your own winning conditions like ""first one to get 1 Million in Cash"" or ""First one to build a Nuclear Rocket"" etc.Even though this review might sound negative, I absolutely recommend this game! The graphics are great, the gameplay is a lot of fun and addicting, the music is still awesome (I liked some tracks in Tropico 4 better, but that may be a matter of taste) and the humor is still there (even though I find the game to be somewhat less cheerful / over the top than Tropico 4)!I'm looking forward to play many more hours of Tropico 5 in Multiplayer and Sandbox Mode and I'm also looking forward to coming DLC or Add-Ons! There's hope that they will re-introduce some of the ""over the top"" stuff of Tropico 4: Modern Times.Is Tropico 5 a better game than Tropico 4? In many aspects: yes. In some other aspects, it's not. The Tropico series always played it safe and so Tropico 5 is more of an evolution than a revolution. But maybe ""more of the same old"" is actually not that bad. Try to change a formula too much and you end up with a mess. Do I have to mention SimCity here or did you get it right away? ;) (but I have to admit: I like the new SimCity, even with all its problems!)If you played Tropico 3/4: Tropico 5 is a very, very good game but it won't surprise you much, as it is ""more of the same"" with better graphics and a new progression system. Still, it is very good!If you never played a Tropico game (or only the 2D versions): you'll be in for a treat!In this genre, there aren't many competitors that are as good as Tropico 5! So grab your copy now ... or else!!!Viva Tropico!"
,Recommended,245620,23528871,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,NICOLAS JAMES DONALDSON,"If you like tropico you will like Tropico 5, I would still suggest Tropico 4 if you are new to the series."
76561198101704007,Recommended,245620,19470478,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,tyhughes02,its guchi
76561198024310351,Recommended,245620,24089110,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,raldone01,Great and enjoyable game.
,Not Recommended,245620,24919149,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Diggle Jacob,"I tried liking this, I really did. Someone who has played other Tropico games, this is just horrible. No improvments on their successors only same cut and paste thats dumbed down."
76561198120695891,Recommended,245620,12151194,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Alien 480,"update: yeah so found 2 GIANT flaws with the game, export ships have limited cpacity unlike previous games, so every time by the time you hit the modern area youll go into an unending debt because ships are taking industry items and no more raw materials netting you -$$.  second major problem is teamsters dont work properly at all. not sure what they did to them from trop 4 but in that one, theyd choose industry buildings first and docks last, so if you have tobacco itd always go to the cigar factory (if you had one) then to the dock to make you more money. now in tropico 5 they just dump it randomly between the factory and the dock making the first flaw very very very apparent. another way teamsters suck is that they will rarely grab imports, they mostly leave them in the dock and eventually they clog up the dock like in the first flaw.  THIS NEEDS TO BE FIXED, MAKE SHIPS HAVE UNLIMITED CAPACITY PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE THIS WOULD FIX MOST OF THE ISSUESi liked this game i played tropico 3 and 4. 5 is a little different it dumbs down a lot of things making it hard to understand because it is very different, some new buildings and some old buildings. the buildings now are very squared off and fit better in the areas unlike trop 4 where everything exploded around your palace, now its everything is crammed into your palace. im not a fan of the export system because it requires multiple docks for import ships so your exports will be spread around 5 different docks making income hit or miss when a boat shows up, i liked trop 4 where it was you gave the dock an amount of money you were willing to buy imports like 15k and it would buy many different things your island needed to have based on which structures allowed raw material imports, now it is you have import ships for SPECIFIC items like 1 ship for iron, 1 separate ship for gold, and 1 separate ship for uranium, that means building 3 docks to support these ships. To make matters worse in 4 if you didnt have the money you couldnt buy imports, in 5 itll sometimes spend money you dont have on imports. im unsure how co-op works, the budget system as to the old trop4 version which was easy to understand, and im unsure how the manager system for buildings helps them function. the new military system is great and ACTUALLY BEING ABLE TO REPELL AN INVASION FORCE is the best as to in 4 its just you lose since you were invaded."
,Recommended,245620,30937156,Posted: 3 April,all,ZgblKylin,We need Chinese
76561198194463070,Recommended,245620,26482199,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,trex41,very fun
,Recommended,245620,26468422,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"""quem manda nesta ♥♥♥♥♥♥ soy jo""cuba/10, would opress my citizens again"
,Recommended,245620,26619486,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,J0kerz,Very good ray should get it
76561198124690229,Recommended,245620,16666782,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,FMcCock,dictators
,Not Recommended,245620,10494466,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,kingfisherofthesea,"I bought this game after reading ""reviews"" on Steam & other sites touting this as a good, improved successor to the earlier games. My beef with the game is not about the bugs or the fact that content that should have been in the base-game are now locked away in DLC (although these 2 factors certainly contributed to the lack of enjoyment of the game), but the overall regression of the game: Gameplay-wise, Simulation-wise & Humour-wise. This changed from Tropico 4 to Carribean SimCity/Anno/Banished.What made Tropico 4 awesome was the fact that you could follow a single Tropican and really feel as though this is a live person with hopes and dreams and family connections. In Tropico 5, not only can you NOT zoom in all the way to view the Tropican (jobs now share same character models), they don't do any interesting animations even if you decide to stalk them. People no longer stagger out of taverns drunk. And mothers don't get pregnant and stop work - they pop babies out of nowhere. Old people aren't old in the overworld. They don't record a history of past jobs and job experiences gained. Tropicans no longer have individual stats that indicate how stupid/intelligent, courageous/cowardic or leadership/non-leadership material they are. People truly become aggregate statistics. Like resources I could use and dispose without any attachment.Election speeches which gave El Presidente a personal touch and added to the humour of the game, are no longer present. The presidente and your dynasty members just bum around all day doing nothing, their existence justified only by the modifier buffs they have.Even the new features introduced felt extremely gamey.You pop out a dynasty heir due to your ""rrrolicking sex life"" but we are never introduced to the spouse/partner. And you don't get to choose the name of your kid. Come to think of it, I don't think you can rename your Tropicans either.I don't know how trade routes work, but I was under the impression I had to fulfill a contract of shipping a set quantity of resources within a time limit of 5 years. But after shipping my first batch of less than 1000 resources the game decided I fulfilled my requirements and the active trade route disappeared.The humour of the game was truly lost by bad voice-acting and lame jokes. Where is my Brunhilde Van Hoof? El Diablo? Where is my smarmy Penultimo? Instead we get characters that take themselves too seriously like Evita Vasquez, the Crown toad and that Illuminati guy. You also have to suspend your disbelief with bizarre choices like female soldiers and miners in the Colonial Era.The almanac interface was also NOT user-friendly, as there were no back buttons to the previous page. Information was also presented in a clusterf**k of texts.To say this game was a disappointment is an understatement."
,Recommended,245620,16847770,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,sandwiches time,Very similar to tropico 4(which is a pretty good thing in my opinion). It seems considerably harder and has a few new concepts tied into running your island. A+++
76561198031382294,Recommended,245620,16899209,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Johnny Noxville,"This game is worth buying, just make sure to save when doing the tutorial"
76561198086976396,Recommended,245620,21995074,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Cookie Bear,"You are the president of a tropical island, you build, manage and raise your Tropico to become the ultimate Tropico. Tropico is a game that requires you to think before you act, to use all of the opportunities to your benefit. The people of Tropico must love you, your resources and trade must provide for you and your people and importantly you must complete any challange that comes your way whether it be joining the Axis side in World War 2 or claiming independence.The game is great fun along with a great challange. You must deal with the uprise of rebels, natural disasters and even world wide issues such as the World War and the Cold War. You get tasks randomly, demanding things that will make your people happy. Sometimes you are required to build a school, a library, raw resource industry. Even required to make the Crown happy until you claim independence. So the gameplay is smooth, challanging and interesting in what makes your people happy. Every game you start won't be the same.The mechanics are stable, I have never experienced a crash. For now, I am playing on a low end PC and it is still very VERY stable.The gameplay is all good fun, you have complete freedom as to what to do. Build a school, build a military barracks, concentrate on education or military or industry. You get to choose what industry you dominate, choose what you people get, what your constitution includes, what benefits your people get, what your government concentrates on. You can even click on your citizens, and they tell you everything good and everything bad about your Tropico. You can even patrol the streets yourself and find rebels, crime lords, rebel leaders. The game is always different, you start a new game and you will always have new problems and new tasks."
76561198186235517,Recommended,245620,22013674,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Croatian Thunder,Are you looking for a good city builder? Well Tropico 5 is the game to go. It's a fun playthrough with a bit of a challenge. It's even better with friends.
,Recommended,245620,16854480,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ioannis Metaxas,I built this OP island where there was a surplus of high paying jobs. I got 10 tanks and countless footsoldiers. Rebels still were a major problem and i was eventually overthrown and most of the good infrastructure destroyed.>every revolution in a nutshell
,Recommended,245620,22033822,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,MocToc,"It's pretty and the time advancement is neat as you go through the cold war.They took out a lot of buildings, tourism is vastly reduced.   The buildings they left in don't have the same level of customization.This has a more military bent on it then the previous version.   Tourism and economics not so much.I think Tropico 4 had more to offer."
,Recommended,245620,16879892,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,♛ King ♛,brilliant and very addictive
76561198129239656,Recommended,245620,21928037,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,help im constipated,Could use aI nations to share your map with.
,Recommended,245620,22030942,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Your Ad here!,Penultimo makes this game worth £18.99.
,Recommended,245620,22064848,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,peterpie123,"Fantastic Game, Great music. Certain comical disregard for history and other stuff. Stop reading reviews and just buy it!"
76561198073737483,Recommended,245620,17496580,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,marionhope,good game
,Recommended,245620,16702941,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Usman Akhtar,It's Decent.
,Recommended,245620,17238678,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,aaron.,"If you like winning elections by a vote or two and enjoy rebel invasions every other year, this game is the game for you, El Presidente."
76561198031288853,Recommended,245620,17249964,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,jojo,Fun time killer. I think they made it eaiser to please the different factions on the island in this one which is good cause that's something that got annoying in T4.
76561198011909007,Recommended,245620,17284474,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Steelwolf,This game is very fun but with a lot of issues. I would recommend tropico 4 more than this one however it was a fun play. The DLCS need a lot of work and well price change as they only add a little bit of game play features. However I do like starting in colonal times and having to tech up or do quests. Multiplayer is fun if you find the right people. I recommend playing with people on your friends list. Over all I would give this game a 7.5 out of 10.
,Recommended,245620,17305108,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,LaMachiavelli,10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,245620,17239766,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Seno,I enjoyed Tropico 5. I love the music and the graphics are very good. Like eye candy good. It's fun for a while and I always come back to it occasionally. However I wish they could add the cheats in because it can get boring after a while.
,Recommended,245620,17204929,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Bugzy,"Отличается от четвёртого тропико. В лучшую или в худшую стороны - не понятно, но определенно, что игра неплохая."
76561198074482406,Recommended,245620,17258694,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,rorychalmers,"Fantastic game! Really addicitive and this game deserves much more respect than its getting. I think people are so hard to please these days. Overall, its a really fun, addicitve and good looking game!"
,Recommended,245620,17273153,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,𝖌𝖎𝖚𝖘𝖊𝖕𝖕𝖊,"I am a latecomer to kalypso's Tropico titles, so my perspective is that of someone who isn't all too experienced with city-builders in general. Keep that in mind.I always read reviews before I buy stuff, and the majority for this game said to buy Tropico 4 instead. So, that's what I did. I bought tropico 4 and played quite a bit, and then I bought tropico 5, and I've played them within days of each other.I think Tropico 5 is the better game. The graphics upgrade is... substantial. I don't know if people say to play Tropico 4 instead because they've been long time followers of the game and weren't impressed with the new mechanics or what, but Tropico 4 is just too easy. Time consuming, but easy. Tropico 5 is hard. Much, much more challenging than Tropico 4, and it adds in some new elements and removes others. The ""Faction"" system seems to take less of a precedence, and foreign politics and a trade system seemed to have taken it's place. The trade system, the rebel system, the edicts, and the constitution all make Tropico 5 the more challenging and worthwhile title, in my opinion.Now, don't get me wrong, I didn't dislike Tropico 4 even when compared to Tropico 5. I've played more hours of Tropico 4 to date, but I believe I'll play more Tropico 5 in the long run because it's just kicking my♥♥♥♥♥even on low difficulty. That's why I reccomend Tropico 5 over 4.The DLC mess the company does I won't comment on, because it doesn't effect me negatively too much especially since the game was on sale and I definitely feel like I got my moneys worth. But if you have a problem with the DLC scheme, I'd just go with another game. :)"
76561198059187128,Recommended,245620,12006672,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Mr. Caids,This game is amazing that is all I can say about it I have played all the tropico games and slowly each game gets better.
,Recommended,245620,19361029,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Timeau,"A nice mix between city builder and strategy. Found the troops hard to control properly though. The game has a very nice overall feel, and really makes you release your inner dictator"
76561198048226211,Not Recommended,245620,17718080,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,blacklight101,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. I have bought all of them and really had high hopes for this iteration. It fell way short of expectations for reasons listed in many of the reviews below. Horrid pathfinding, numerous bugs, and an entirely dumbed down interface that lacks all the detail of older versions. The game feels watered down, even from 4. DLC was disappointing too, not nearly as useful as it could have been.It does have it's good points, but it loses out to clunky controls and losing so many good pieces of interface since the last iterations of the game. I miss so many pieces of the old overlay and almanac, it makes me long for the days of the original Tropico when Kalypso had it's integrity. It could have been good if it had been finished, but it's just another game pushed to an unfinished early release now nickel-and-diming it's customers.I hate to say give this one a pass, but i have to. The older games are just so much better compared to this."
,Recommended,245620,11792724,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,[Central],"A very good game and lots of fun to play as I have been a fan of the series for a while, But I dont think it needs a £35 price-tag.I brought this game because its good, I wanted some friends of mine to buy it and play it with me but I think I can agree with them that the price is pretty high.I do love this game and recommend it."
76561198082987512,Recommended,245620,14976850,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Smake,I would recommend this to someone that has never played the earlier versions. I was really disappointed because I played other versions. It was such a buzz kill to have such a different layout. The theme of the game where you’re working for the crown sucks big time. The music sucks and that was a real big reason I played the 4th version.Thank god it’s on sale because I would never buy it at the full price. If you like SimCity 5 then you’ll like this game more. Once I re-learn this game and how it works I’m sure I’ll like it a little more than I do now. I would only recommend buying this game on sale or if you like SimCity 5.
,Recommended,245620,10214211,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Senpai In The Sheets,Taught me how to rule a countryTaught me how to destroy my own countrypresidente is the best 10/10
76561198075664259,Recommended,245620,14971775,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mirakuru,Shut up and take my money
76561198088673831,Recommended,245620,19397362,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,thecrusader66,You dont need to play the game to enjoy it.Just listen to the music.10/10 would listen to it again.
76561198040939482,Recommended,245620,20125623,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,tittysprinkles,this is a very addicting game and a pretty good campaign
76561198122594404,Recommended,245620,12990587,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,animeawesomefreak,This has made me fall in love with the Tropico series again. Fantastic game! 10/10
,Not Recommended,245620,16607750,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Topkek,"*spends 1 hour bying, setting  up, ect.**recives error about graphics card*NUUUUUUUUUsrlsy i wasted 42.99 buckstime 2 spend 40 mor hrs submitng refund 2 shteam"
76561198108121946,Not Recommended,245620,16579542,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,f2wohf,The game crashes frequently. Campaigns are way too short and easy.
,Not Recommended,245620,17077458,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,kunde,Still not better than Tropico 3. Save the money.
76561198028457745,Not Recommended,245620,16710460,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,iamztr,Too many worthless DLCs!
76561198013927898,Recommended,245620,13261534,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Greg,"Fun to take a break, listen to great music, and imagine myself running my own island."
,Recommended,245620,17057993,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Karma,Losing money simulator 2042
76561198314665022,Not Recommended,245620,27868236,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bad times...,Not fun buggy
76561198059130891,Recommended,245620,19299448,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,FettyAWP1738 thecsgobank.com,very fun game! it has a great story its very entertaining to play and its exciting. It is difficult enough to make the game fun!
,Recommended,245620,19023608,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,zurama,i like new tropico 5 fun game n never get bored
,Recommended,245620,17365174,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Uncle Vlad,I started up my own exotic south american dicatorship when suddeny a mysterious man asked me to join the illuminati.I can finally achieve my dream
,Not Recommended,245620,15491153,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Leviathan,"гта 5 тянет,  тропико 5 - нет. что за оптимизация?"
76561198069518958,Recommended,245620,16317569,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Iron Ranger,This game is ok. Some of the management and combat can be tough. Along with how resources fall to 0 and take the other things on that site with them.Still fun though.
76561198129330983,Recommended,245620,25931581,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,vlis7,Fantastic!
,Recommended,245620,29269359,Posted: 15 January,all,TayTayGta56,very fun game
,Recommended,245620,16410021,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TDH,Really Nice Game!
76561198036410811,Recommended,245620,29477836,Posted: 24 January,all,Starworshipper,I love this game.
,Recommended,245620,29482984,Posted: 25 January,all,Aturok™,its a fantastic game if u have allies to keep bailing you out of debt you some times forget ur on a set budget and wind up in debt so its good to have ppl send u recources and money to keep ur head afloat but all around its an awesome game!
76561198020934592,Recommended,245620,29438264,Posted: 22 January,all,kempy23,"its a fun, easy, happy, city build manage type game. i really like it. better then sim city lol."
,Recommended,245620,27600548,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,oBo,hmm
,Recommended,245620,10281333,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Chase,"Tropico 5 is a lot better imo than Tropico 4. New graphics, new 'twist'. The graphics are much better - however the intricate detail of Tropico 4 and before is neglected ( which isn't negative ). The introduction of tanks, and and a aircraft carrier to control the masses is also fun."
,Not Recommended,245620,15007502,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Burgsey,DX11 issue like many others - fortunately saw this issue before forking out money! Its unfortunate as I have loved previous editions of Tropico.
,Not Recommended,245620,15016099,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,alissasinate,I am never buying games from Haemimont Games every again. I can run Sims 4 and all other games that has better graphics and can't launch Tropico 4 even just because of DirectX 11.Wasted my money and all I get is error.
76561198062440797,Not Recommended,245620,23987876,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,meraco,"What can I say.. it's already been said.. Tropico 4 is better than T5.I am just glad that I paid only 10,00 for the complete collection during the summer sale. Since this one is now on the shelf.If it had the visiuals of T5 and the mechanics of T4 this would be an awsome game.. Alas, a step backwards removes that desire towards replayability."
76561198119081779,Not Recommended,245620,15691246,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,brysendv,I download the game it works and a week later it stop's working i am mad as f*** i spent 43.99
76561198040126698,Not Recommended,245620,15617721,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Kings Hound,"Can't recommend this. Compared to previous Tropico's, game doesnt have too many assets, and looks like it was made to rely on DLC packages. Do the math, $40 for game, 8 DLC @ $4, + $20 DLC = $92 for complete game.... LOL. sucks I spent money on this cash cow. And shame on the dev for putting out unfinished game and stuffing it with ""DLC"" (which are asset packs in many cases)."
76561197972407992,Not Recommended,245620,17077814,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Karasaph,"A wonderful game, but without DLCs it merely feels like the basis version.Wait for a good deal before buying it, because I enjoyed Tropico 4 a lot, too, and it's worth the money. Tropico 5 in basis version is not.I did play a lot because I played through the campain and it was really enjoyable and challenging (due to the limited resources). And micromanaging all the jobs in such a way that the people don't starve is also important in the game. Otherwise the only thing you get to know in the game is about what to build in which order and where to leave room to expand later.I love that the game has the new ideas about different Times, the family managment is also a lot of fun. I just wish the buildings in the DLCs would be in the original game.In short: This game is a delicious burger with meat/soja. If you want to have sauce, lettuce and bacon you have to buy the DLCs."
76561198042413865,Recommended,245620,14962908,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Fiberglass Fiend,This game is not perfect but still really fun
,Not Recommended,245620,24889466,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,RUMBO,Dont bother just play 4 insteadtoo much♥♥♥♥♥♥crammed in that adds nothing to the gameplayfrustrating and boring
76561198171342593,Recommended,245620,28929732,Posted: 1 January,all,tomlinfamily2010,no words
76561198130021893,Recommended,245620,30016044,Posted: 18 February,all,Nimmy Jewtron,Amazing sandbox game. 9/10
76561197999351575,Recommended,245620,29184654,Posted: 11 January,all,Federal,"A dictatorial delight, Tropico provides a breath of fresh air on the city-building / small strategy genre."
76561198082565578,Recommended,245620,11152491,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Ric.e,I personally have never played any of the Tropico games but Tropico 5 got me into the series. The game is very  fun and there is a bunch of funny dialiouge from the characters.The only problem I have with the game is its multiplayer. The lack of the save function and the ability to change time or pause is a downer. When me and my friends play we don't like that we have to restart and do what what we did before every time some one has to leave. Over all the game is really fun if you play single and short multiplayer games.
76561198022113393,Not Recommended,245620,16755313,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bathory,Extremely laggy in multiplayer making it impossible to play without feeling♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,245620,17036521,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Hayes,You can be Adolfo Hitler in this game.Nuff said.
76561198100424635,Recommended,245620,10287591,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Sheblanga,"I have bought this game like many fans at prepurchase , the game and the concept are phenominal but sadly enough the game was released with many bugs that could possibly break your game.the first response was fast enough but even some of the stated bugs were not fully fixed , here i am wating days after release for an update just to be able to play thie beatiful game, its very frustrating esp as a fan but as a fan i will endure hardships.makes you really feel like a leader of a third world tropical country , where alot of the things happening are very rekevant to modern day dectatorships democricies and things in between."
76561198091170217,Recommended,245620,12548063,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MrDepletedVoid,Does any1 know how to right cklick on this game with a mac?
76561197979041313,Recommended,245620,24006757,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,TheCanadianOx,It's a fun game.
76561197994302069,Recommended,245620,19860584,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,[H]arbinger,Great RTS fun
76561198152539377,Recommended,245620,27441011,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BELAIAN BANG IPUL,my childhood restored. yasss. im sick playing moba games with cancerous and toxic players. so i think this game wuld help u to reduce stress
,Recommended,245620,28874224,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Dinkster,♥♥♥♥ing Beautiful
,Recommended,245620,32368690,Posted: 12 June,all,msy_300177,lebih sukar dari siri sebelumnya
,Recommended,245620,10649107,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[KEK] Azurn,"For those who have played Tropico before...This game is quite different.. There are more options towards the world play rather than just your island.The global trade affects your island, and other countries,You can♥♥♥♥♥♥countries off and they invade,You can bomb and/or nuke your own country,Be the American or North Korea of the tropics,TANKS!!For those who havent played it..I was invaded by America because I refused to sell them oil, but they said I had WMD's 10/10"
76561197963555403,Recommended,245620,28152740,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,richay,Fun and very entertaining game :D
,Recommended,245620,24955778,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,badpro,"Had only 8 dollars and tropico 5 is on sale , hmmm hey friends what do you think? should i buy it or i would just let em for maybe an other offer i may like more? dude go ahead and watch some videos and then make a decision*1hour later* >alright am going to buy it i hope it could get me for 10hours at least*installed it* start the game , make my caracter , look to the graphics *woah* this look amazing*said* i will try it just a bit then tomorrow i will play it , hmmm 2 hours passed its okay just a bit more , its already morning and 5 hours done in game*tomorrow wake up* time for more tropico 5 and yeah find myself now at 11.6 hours and i feel like am going for 50hours or even morewhat i like about it?1. pretty lovely graphics and details too good for a strategy game2. challenging economy and election3. have to explore the whole map looking for important resources like gold , oil , uranium4. makes you feel like a real leader , looking after your homeless civs and assuring their happiness and health care5. trades are pretty complicated and deep6. farming , you need to pick nice places and give  them good saleries so you can assure some good profit7. develop and advance , high building , electrecity and uranium and more( still didn't reach everything yet )should you buy it? yeah i absolutely advice you , this game will make you feel peacefull , no stress and oblige you to thinkMultiplayer1. best MP real time building side to side ( not like cimsity each one on his own island )"
,Recommended,245620,10220808,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Capitalism,*Gains Independence**6 Uprisings and 9 coups**finally broght down in 1961*11/10 would dictate again
,Recommended,245620,33331489,Posted: 6 July,all,Bobby,:)
76561198109054692,Recommended,245620,18789480,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,lulacincodedos,I've found Fidel Castro on my island1000000/10
,Recommended,245620,13564762,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Knegoff,Presidente 5 time travel edition
76561198012882659,Recommended,245620,13513134,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ti_dan,love it ... simply addictive !!
76561197988249183,Not Recommended,245620,30492837,Posted: 13 March,all,ewook,Love the sandbox - hate the glitches. Cheat on Tropico 4 instead - this... nah..
76561198047652849,Not Recommended,245620,19571697,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,*****play,"Mad mouse control. Loved Tropico 4, but this is unplayable for me."
76561198024930935,Not Recommended,245620,21380406,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,alantech,"Play is very limited as there doesn't seem to be a way to continue a saved game. When you select load game it lets you choose a save game and then leaves you locked on a screen to change economics, etc without any way to continue on."
76561198082121588,Not Recommended,245620,30648201,Posted: 21 March,all,Россия,"No content what-so-ever. While the graphics are amazing, the lack of content makes the game redundant after awhile."
76561198093265689,Not Recommended,245620,30664254,Posted: 21 March,all,BlueChicken,without the ability to control immigration this game is unplayable to me.
76561198355423771,Not Recommended,245620,30780565,Posted: 27 March,all,edwilkes28,The game is good but it crashes often when you try to start it
76561198054234829,Not Recommended,245620,30844040,Posted: 30 March,all,Tibarnius,"I honestly don't know why Kalypso keeps trying to do combat, it seems to only get worse with each iteration. In this game you have nearly zero control of your troops and there is very little explanation of how the troops work and worst of all, there is no option to disable the combat in sandbox mode.Terrible game, terrible company, stay away"
76561198010140384,Not Recommended,245620,19413033,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,RASHIDOGE,546456546
76561198052295625,Not Recommended,245620,19511146,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,zbyhnev,"Every Tropico game is the same.The concept is amazing, the execution is a good start, but by god is it repetitive.Add the blatantly exploitative DLC strategy and the result is a game I want to like but ultimately cannot recommend.Maybe Tropico 6...unless it’s another mild graphic update not worth the money."
,Recommended,245620,19513307,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,☭ eKaname ↺,Tropico games are just the best. I just wish for a better multiplayer platforme and wish for cooler wars where you can do more and create a fully militarist country.
76561197995696359,Not Recommended,245620,19524473,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kane,Frustrating campaign. The gameplay is dumbed down compared to Tropico 4. Some gamebreaking bugs are still not fixed 1.5 years after the release.
,Recommended,245620,19545076,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Natskis,Do you like city building games?This one is reminicient of Caesar 3.A game that I LOVED.Great game.Some funny moments.
,Recommended,245620,24958115,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Ripahar,Dictator simulator 2014
76561198020617057,Recommended,245620,28173189,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Starving Wolf,"4 was better, I think? Maybe? I...I don't even know....worth 5 bucks I guess."
76561198099407757,Recommended,245620,10976627,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rhysie Poos,Great for when your bored
76561198027791781,Recommended,245620,10981929,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Donald Dump,El Presidente gives it his seal of approval!
76561198032188875,Recommended,245620,11014514,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,stevealafogg,Great game enjoy it when i have a chance to play. although it has a feeling of missing somthing. a few details more and it would be a fun perfect game. more fun with cheat codes for everyone who has played it a million times. yeah try this game out for sure!
76561198073509181,Recommended,245620,11014970,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,NQ,Vì vinh quang của El Presidente!!!10/10
76561198018966174,Recommended,245620,10964407,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,XxLilBrittlexX,Would definitely recommend this game.
76561198078031489,Recommended,245620,10997667,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,The Majestic Unicorn,Brilliant Loved the series
,Not Recommended,245620,10286561,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Air Chief Marshal Floppy Ears,"I love the tropico series, but sadly this represents a step back in QA and design. I'm still enjoying it, but I can't in good conscience recommend this to anyone.As it stands, sandbox is broken (none of the victory conditions work), the game is buggy (teamsters getting stuck and ruining your economy), and the game fails at giving you adequate feedback (rebels at 90% happiness, unhappy population despite adequate facilities, etc). You can take this with a pinch of salt though - I completed and had fun during the main campaign, but can't help but feel this game is not worth the money when you have the alternative of Tropico 4."
,Not Recommended,245620,10283443,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,HuffingJenkem,"I'd recommend buying or staying with 4. Dumbed down politics, immigration controls that don't work and the easiest economy a Tropico game has seen make the a poor successor."
,Not Recommended,245620,10286100,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Waywocket,"If you enjoyed Tropico 3 or 4 - don't get this. It's a watered-down knock-off.In most respects, this is a simplified version of Tropico 4, with fewer options and less customisation. The few additions, most notably the eras system, don't really add anything to the game except arbitrary limits on development at various stages, effectively capping your happiness and increasing the risk of rebellion.The game has a far higher emphasis on combat then previous Tropicos, both versus rebels and foreign invasions, but it retains the autonomous nature of your army - you can't issue orders, so you get to spend a great deal of time watching your island get overrun while powerless to do anything about it.Tropico 4 had very weak low-budget graphics - just compare it to other games of around the same age like Anno 2070 and it's clear they're not playing in the same league. Tropico 5 adds higher system requirements in exchange for a very marginal improvement: it's still far worse looking than games released several years ago, but a marginal improvement is at least an improvement. In contrast, the music and the voice acting are markedly inferior to Tropico 3 and 4.And then there are the bugs. Like Professional Army actually *reducing* your army's effectiveness, or mission 2 of the campaign not actually loading without a workaround. Put alongside the frustrating and unenjoyable gameplay versus previous game in the series, I somewhat suspect this game hasn't received any playtesting outside of the development team.Pretty much the only good point I can come up with is the humour - there are some good jokes and references in there, very much like the previous games.Overall, this feels like a small low-budget indie release that's inexplicably sold at AAA prices. In a few months when the worst of the bugs are fixed and there's a slew of DLC re-adding features deliberately removed, then it *might* be worth picking up if it goes to 75% off or more. Otherwise: avoid."
,Recommended,245620,16457426,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Tweaker,Who didn´t want to be a dictator on its own right? El Commandante... welcoe to your small and cosy carribean island. Tropico 5 is fun and the first game of the franchise with multiplayer support.  If you like Simulations and Latin American Music you are right here. 9/10
,Recommended,245620,24455834,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Iivaitte the Alchemist,"I can't believe it took me this long to try out this series.Its one of those series I kept hearing about but never really had the motivation to try it.Its like sim's city meets civilization but more like sim city.I'm pretty sure there is a demo floating around somewhere, go try it out, Im serious.I really didnt think I would like this game as much as I did.You place some buildings to provide to your country what trade cant provide, then you can impliment what kind of government you are. There is a lot of flexibility in what you can do, but admittingly not so much on what you can look like. I would say my only critizism is the individual dlcs, I reccomend getting the meatier ones like Waterborn or Espionage."
76561198093942277,Recommended,245620,24405306,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Worlds Away,"The game is fun to play, if you have a good computer. My game lags quite a lot. Shame as the games to be tons of fun."
,Recommended,245620,27922357,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Hovelax,"What I liked: Building on an island as its dictator and exploring different routes to gain capital while balancing the needs of the plebs.What I disliked: The bugs. The graphical glitchesnot caused by me. The lack of depth in those different routes to gain...This game needs far more flesh to it, not just building stuff to fufill a quest or personal objective.Would I reccomend: Yes"
,Recommended,245620,27907019,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vante,"Another great tropico release. It's more of the same, which is not at all a bad thing. It seemed like there was less traffic problems? An always enjoyable series, fun storyline, good graphics, really makes you want a Pina Colada."
76561198007647249,Recommended,245620,27988913,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tothuss,"As all its predecessors, the game offers a pleasant and casual experience. The protagonist El Presidente tackles a variety of challenges that get crazier with every mission. Together with his indispensable Penultimo he creates a Caribbean superpower from scratches, what is typical for the series. The lovely graphics coupled with great music will make you want to book a flight to Havana as soon as possible. The eras introduced in this installment are quite an interesting novelty and create a nice historic atmosphere, regardless of the fact that El Presidente mysteriously remains alive for a few hundred centuries. Another new aspect, the ruling dynasty, allows you to somehow customize the gameplay, albeit is a little random and thus disappointing. The campaign mode is unsurprisingly funny, having all these references to history and pop culture. Overall, the game will provide many hours of fun and is surely a must for people loving sandbox economic games, as well as those, who have always dreamt of becoming a dictator… for one day."
76561198034819203,Recommended,245620,24374784,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,chuamishael,"Tropico 5 is fun or at least I agree to the Discounted price. it was a steal. I love both Tropico 4 and 5. but there is a huge difference between the 2. game system has change. it has some flaws but it has some good.So here is the change.1. no more blue prints, you now need to reaserch to unlock advance buildings and Edicts.2. if you are playing in colonial era, maps are unexplore. until you research Drydocks/compass in the next Era.3. Easier to recruit soldiers as you don't need generals. and soldiers are uneducated by default.4. you will need military to survive rebels and invasion. but they are cheap to maintain. so build a lot of gaurd tower around your castle.5. salary increase is repalce with budget. you can increase building budget. which I recommend you do this to all NON-residential buildings.6.  trait customization is removed and replace with dynasty. this is a flaw. I prefer Trop4 Trait customization. they add depts to gameplay.7. Trading are change... there is so much to discuss here.. but I'm lazy to tell you.so my rating is.   8/10  get this on discount."
,Recommended,245620,23007996,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Dizzy,Awesome game!
,Recommended,245620,15005230,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kwiksilver344,"I like it, but Im probably only going to buy it if its on sale. I like to save money.. and 40 dollars is way too muchedit: I still like it, but would like it on my ps4. they have it, but ever sense its launch 2 years ago, it still hasnt dropped in price. especially on ps4. theres only a few reviews on the ps4 as well. I dont know why it hasnt dropped the price at least a little. Still, great game all around. just needs to change price on all platforms. Im sure then it would make more than it would if it stayed at this price"
,Recommended,245620,30592300,Posted: 18 March,all,jon-h86,"grab it on a sale and have yourself a few hours with this ""sim city with a twist""."
,Recommended,245620,30573858,Posted: 17 March,all,Rdtie,"I bought the complete edition for about 12 euros (I think), and I am very happy with it.The campaigns are very good. I thought that campaigns in city building games can't exist.The characters are very funny and memorable, especialy Penultimo.You can play this game many times without geting bored.It's very interesting to be able to choose, if your island going to have a totalitarian regime or be a banana driven republic.And THE MUSIC! Awesome, great, perfect..."
76561198203609264,Recommended,245620,19403345,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Not Your Senpai,I always wondered what it was like to be a communist or president.10/10
76561198146535730,Not Recommended,245620,33203760,Posted: 3 July,all,MonkeyActio,The game is really good except the game breaking bug the happens in multiplayer where you cant destroy roads. Happens often too.
76561198179795583,Recommended,245620,20221790,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,stormer6815,i got a 5 day trial for this and loved it
,Not Recommended,245620,29779019,Posted: 8 February,all,mosfet,"The fifth instalment of Kalypso's banana republic simulator has little to offer in strategic depth and an occasional amusing but generally unfunny, hyperbolic sense of humor.The game seems to hide information that is essential to learning its model. There is too little information to understand both the supply and demand of your economy to make decisions. In the late game, odds are high that your otherwise happy and well fed citizens will bring an end to your rule in large part because your army can't be bothered to assemble before attacking. They all arrive and charge the rebel mob one by one on their own, impaling themselves like Persian Immortals on the 300 Spartans.To its credit, the game is delightfully pretty and briefly satisfying."
,Recommended,245620,29239112,Posted: 13 January,all,nickisix85,Really enjoyable. Only a couple of bugs but totally worth it. I beat the game and play over and over.
,Recommended,245620,33799404,Posted: 25 July,all,Nigga !,Nice game
76561198402846388,Recommended,245620,34220550,Posted: 13 August,all,dreamer300uk,"Brilliant . I played the original Tropico and thought it a bit slow but Tropico 5 is fantastic. Love it. It has its challenges  ----- finances , keeping the Superpowers happy and your own people happy but great fun and addictive."
,Recommended,245620,34497047,Posted: 25 August,all,Type hamburger,i liked it
76561198009000665,Recommended,245620,27997980,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,No Face,"It is a lot of fun!  Don't take my word for it, buy it and find out for yourself!"
,Recommended,245620,26868155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,highlanderonly1,Basically a dream job simulator. Viva La Tropico!
,Recommended,245620,14518064,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Cheeks,"Tropico once again you have out done yourselves!! Nice work. I especially loved the changes in the eras. The feel that you were changing as the time went on is a great way to make the gameplay more easily. If you love things like Sim City and Age of Empires you will love this well thought out, beautifully made game!"
,Recommended,245620,14490214,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Fish taco,Its what the Fans want not so much with Critics. Tropico 5 is the game that long term fans will love and is perfect for a new player who might have been looking for a new player. political satire is perfected in tropico 5 provided you have the historical intellect above a 6th grader tropico 5 made me laugh many times during my brief play. I say brief because it was i found that my island was to easy to manage the hardest time I had besides starting off was runing out of room.  Once completeing the main campaign I decided to make a sandbox game during modern times I ran into a problem I coudn't fit another Two cathedrals on my islandSo why recommend Tropico 5fanboyism
76561198098426837,Not Recommended,245620,10360087,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,[Vanirs]Municher,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.  If you aren't sure of your graphics card is almost completely brand new, then don't buy this game. It won't work and you'll have wasted $40. It is DX11 ONLY. GT400 or above. I have a GT330, which works fine for practically any other game but this one. These graphics from youtube videos don't even look that intensive. Such a waste of money. Again, do NOT buy this game."
,Recommended,245620,29087935,Posted: 7 January,all,✪ DogekaZe,DOPE af
,Recommended,245620,25783359,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Der Jäger,get grammar you ♥♥♥♥ing Cherry Pickers
76561198129912602,Recommended,245620,28475206,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Goocheus Maximus,"Fun but the amount of rebellions, even when the population is overwhelmingly in your favour is enfuriating."
,Recommended,245620,26697601,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Iwanabaengineer,Fun sim city alternative
76561198172093090,Not Recommended,245620,18685531,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tvman7,"Played for a while then realized no matter what you do, no matter how hard you try, no matter what you give your people, they will always start a revolution..."
76561198031689943,Not Recommended,245620,10268024,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,OTIS,"Tropico 5 a good game, don't get me wrong.  However, if you try to play the game in sandbox mode you quickly learn that the game is designed to be mission based, like Omerta was, rather than a true sandbox like the previous tropicos.You have 4 stages, the colonial era, the world wars era, the cold war era, and the modern era.  You progress to the next era by fulfilling objectives, even in sandbox mode.  In sandbox mode the game does not even tell you what the objective are, but once  they are fulfilled your ""reward"" is to advance to the next era until you win.If you played the previous Tropicos for the campaigns this game if probably for you, however if you want a true sandbox city builder, Tropcio 4 is a better option.  This Tropico seems to care more about the campaign than the sandbox mode."
,Recommended,245620,10304224,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,dande313,"I've been a fan of the series since Tropico 3. Tropico 3 and 4 are roughly similar, with Tropico 4 adding more content. They're wonderful games, and I hightly recommend them. On the other hand, tropico 5 has had a serious overhall. There are some similarities, but the whole feel of the game is very different for me (other reviewers disagree). Here's a quick overview of the differences between Tropico 4 and Tropico 5:-First and foremost, this game is HARD! The previous Tropico's were a piece of cake. You could easily win an election 85% for you 15% against (on average, without trying). In Tropico 5, if the people love you, you're usually riding around 65% for 35% against if they love you. Usually it's more 50%/50%, to a lot less. Electrion fraud is often a necessity, and even then it won't guarentee a victory. With rebel attacks, uprisings, and invasions... there's no ""you get one to two chances before you lose"" deal. If you can't repel them, they'll burn down your palace, and you'll lose the game.-Tropico 5's timeline is more well developed than Tropico 4. Tropico 5 no longer keeps track of the actual year (AD) but rather the Dynasty's time in office. You begin in Colonial times, and progress through WW2, the Cold War, and Modern times. Just like in Tropico 4's expansion ""Modern Times"", buildings and edits become unlocked as you progress through the eras. However, you don't progress through the eras just by letting the time pass. Certain objectives need to be met.-The Blueprints from Tropico 4 are non-existant. Instead it's been replaced by a research system. You need to build a library, hire researchers, etc. You get to choose which research (edits, upgrades, buildings).-The international relations has been completely redone. Other nations/pirates/etc can invade. In tropico 4, an invasion by a world super power means you lose the game. In Tropico 5, your army is pitted against the invader's army. You're also able to establish trade roots between you, and other nations/pirates. This will either increase or decrease your relations with certain parties, as well as offer more or less favorable prices for specific goods.-Building managers are included, which can provide a specific benifit to the building.-Instead of being able to control wages, you invest money into a specific building. This increases wages, job quality, etc.-You have to pay to send out explorers to your island. Without this, you cannot discover new resources, or build beyond your prediscovered area. This is annoying, and I've read many complaints on this. But it's more realistic than Tropico 4.-Building placement has been improved. Farms and ranches work within defined perameters, rather than having patches spring up near the farm wherever is best. Also, it's a lot easier to fit buildings closer together and make the most of your land.-The graphics have been ""updated"". In my opinion, it's a bit of an eyesore compared to Tropico 4. With this graphic update, I've heard of people having issues with the graphics running at all on their machines. My computer is only two years old, and had the latest, top of the line graphics card when I bought it. Never even had a so much as a stutter playing any AAA title, and yet I had to turn down the graphics for this game to run smoothly.There's also one major con I want to point out to those who are not familiar with Kalypso media. There will be between 5 to a dozen DLC ranging between $4-$6 that add minimal content and brush up the game. This is true for almost every game they've published since steam, and they're usually ""patch update"" quality. It's one of the things I dislike most about the company, and it is certainly this way with Tropico 5. You're not paying for the complete game. For that, I'd expect to chip out another $40 over the next few years."
,Recommended,245620,35284300,Posted: 28 September,all,kernbat,I honestly only started playing this because I liked the main menu music.
76561198024198194,Recommended,245620,35291359,Posted: 29 September,all,UFO Reality,I am really happy with Tropico 5. I recomend this game if you enjoyed playing the previous versions. IT has improved graphics and gameplay over previous editions. Been a fan of this game for a while and certainly am happy to but it on a Steam sale. The long break from playing the game from Trop4 to this one certainly makes it worthwhile. Fun and also a few laughs while playing.
76561198409855470,Recommended,245620,35305161,Posted: 29 September,all,dkzbqm09,good music good game
,Recommended,245620,35311464,Posted: 29 September,all,Zest,"This is an enjoyable addition to the tropico line.Tropico 4 was so good that this has a lot of expectation to live up to, hence the dislike from some fans. (Not me!)It's a solid game, interested mechanics that vary up the gameplay quite a bit.I really like the different eras of your island, one thing I didnt like about tropico 4 was that you can feel like you didnt have enough time to really pimp out your island before moving on. This one allows for much longer gameplay, as you craft your island from colonial to modern times. It was quite a shock to beat the first story mission and find all usually rushed decisions were sticking with me! (Wait, I didnt REALLY want to build all my houses next to that mine)From die-hard fans to newcomers this game has a lot to offer, and I'm honestly suprised anyone can give it a negative review! (Although the positive rating on steam shows that most people agree with me!)"
76561198256714692,Recommended,245620,35265879,Posted: 28 September,all,LunarWolf,This game is amazing if you have a bit of money and a bit of time i would get it. It does take a bit to get the hang of but when you do its so much fun
,Not Recommended,245620,17310184,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,pseudosanct,"now I've been around the tropico series since the first game came out as a demo as part of a 100 game library on a bunch of disks, and I can say I mixed feelings about this game.now considering the countless hours I've poured into previous games, plus the uncounted hours of tropico 4 before i bought it on steam, i feel I have a decent handle on what a good tropico game can be.let's do a pros and cons.pros:-how easily the buildings and roads just fit to maximize space-enhanced graphics-fun campaign-better trading-more complex manufacturing of goods-best coloration so far; very vibrant and pleasingcons:-no penultimo on the radio-exploring-no wages to set, instead you set building maintenance-should only be about 3 or 4 dlcs with the content released-I keep forgetting to set managers but since I always do well they're not important-dynasties are just another reason to save up on your swiss bank account without really adding too much-the mining just doesn't feel like tropico-sometimes the camera rotation or panning doesnt work at all with Windows 10honestly it's a good game, and fun.but I think tropico 4 (with modern times) is a better game.I give it a 6/10"
76561198357046255,Recommended,245620,29660312,Posted: 2 February,all,kimsy704,Very good
76561198031587470,Recommended,245620,27298938,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hashi_Moto,Still one of my all time favorites. I highly recommend this game for Tropico fans.
,Recommended,245620,27326586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Baron von Tansley,"Good continuation of the series, introduces a lot of cool new concepts (trade routes, etc.) and revamps some of the others (soldiers vs. rebels dyanmic, etc). Multiplayer/Co-Op is pretty bad and would really benefit from re-working and optimization. Single-Player has pretty solid gameplay."
76561198119603056,Recommended,245620,29649963,Posted: 2 February,all,Atomic_Beverage,I can write a reivew even though I refunded it because the computer I originally bought it with was a potato and I couldn't run it.So I haven't actually played it/Good game doe.
,Recommended,245620,31761786,Posted: 14 May,all,FuturamaKing,"It's a bit different than 4, took me a while to like it but I do!It's a fun game, and still totally Tropico.Recommended!"
76561198002189495,Recommended,245620,10295274,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,rovaira2,"If your on the fence about getting this game get it. It's after I've played all of the Tropico games (with the exception of 2 I believe which didn't come out on the PC for some reason..) What's cool about this game is: 1 Trade routes. - If you like to play sandbox the game is so much better. You run out of resources, and what's cool now is you can set up trade agreements at different prices to import/export. And in order to make good money and have your buildings function you will need to import. 2 Multiplayer adds a nice touch; it's not my #1 in a Tropico game, but it's a nice side thing to do when you want to goof around with other dictators. :) 3 The research trees are nice; they could be more detailed, but they are a nice addition. 4 Some of the buildings were NOT available in Tropico 4 without buying Tropico 4 modern times, yet they are in 5 such as modern apartments, offices, etc. 5 Your dynasty is just that. You eventually will have more rulers in your dynasty and you can level them up with enough $$$, and they have different skills.. 6 There are a LOT of managers with different skills. You get them via people attending colleges. You can then assign them to buildings. 7 The islands are decent size, AND random maps can be generated just like in T4. 8 This game is selling much more than Tropico 4 did. Does it mean it's better? No, it means that you will have people to play with in multiplayer mode, and the game is pretty good. I liked 4, but like 5 more. The options in sandbox with trading after you've researched everything are nice.. I used to get bored in Tropico 4 in sandbox because once you have a lot of money it seemed pointless; this is not the case in Tropico 5 with resources running out and the need for trade."
,Recommended,245620,29608014,Posted: 31 January,all,DC | @syndereNDota,"really good game, wish the multiplayer was better though."
,Recommended,245620,10230357,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,SquatchCommander,DO NOT MAKE MY MISTAKE! IF YOU DON'T HAVE A GEFORCE NVIDIA 400 OR HIGHER....GO GET ONE....I HAVE 8600GT AND IT DOES NOT WORK. EVEN THOUGH IT IS DX11 CAPABLE! I HAVE TO WAIT A COUPLE WEEKS NOW LOL THEN BUY A BETTER GRAPHICS CARD...NOT A TERRIBLE THING THOUGH ;)
,Recommended,245620,20002025,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,K'nuckles,A good game filled with jokes and funny quotes
76561198006085098,Recommended,245620,10231132,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,_[D]uGGeRz_,"this games my first entry into the tropico series. its excellent!, much more better than the likes of the New simcity game!its also full of humor and is hilarious!i got to call some wealthy people a ""&#%!@?!, ?#%!@!& and a &%#!!?@"""
76561198060057539,Recommended,245620,12823055,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,[TRAF] bloomer1338,love this game !
76561198013132245,Not Recommended,245620,25240187,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,huminado,"Tropico 4 has a much better Penultimo voice acting.  This game is not as funny that game was.I wanna know how this happened?  How do you interview a voice actor ""please read these Penultimo lines for me"" and they read in some deep gravelly voice and it isn't funny at all... ""you're hired!""  You have to be kidding me?  No!  They aren't kidding!  This is a no longer funny version of Tropico.  The world has ended."
76561198028745316,Not Recommended,245620,30231019,Posted: 27 February,all,jojobe,This is one of those games you start off being amazed. The game is beatiful and  engaging THEN you get a WTF. The developer tried to make housing a challenge and its a BIG FAIL!  You can not get the ciizens out of the shanty town. I cant believe they did not play their own game to see it a real problem. you knock down the price of housing to where its bleeding you dry and power the place up with electricy then make it for the poor and you still have homeless. Even rich and well off will not move in the the homes. Someone said build your apartments close to their jobs you do that and i guess a few more blocks away they dont want to walk to it. You want to make a prety town its not possible. The developers failed in every way with the housing. Go to the discussion and see how many people have had problems. I got a mod for this purpose  and it helped but not by much. Not turning a profit is really bad on apartments most of my debt was housing. I really really hated how they did this portion of the game.  The worst part is it looks  as if the developers are finished soo its left like this. They ruined their own game.
76561198056884732,Recommended,245620,31583902,Posted: 6 May,all,Schnick,"It's a fun game but it isn't much different than Tropico 4 other than the revolution aspect, technologies (which are pointless and linear), and custom dynasties.If I were making Tropico 6 this is what I would add*More cult of personality stuff (Some North Korean style crazy stuff) Stuff to encourage people to align with preferred ideologies*Have different themed starting points (Caribbeano (Standard Tropico), Asianic, African, European) Along with styled buildings for those maps.* Longer play time and maybe choosing a starting situation (Imperial Colonies or Territory) and perhaps that can expand over a longer time period maybe have 2 eras of imperial rule before a revolution or secession.*Easier time handling rebels*More helicopter rides/falls*More world events and even more random local events with many ways to handle the situation.*Factions will hold events such as rallies (gain support) and demand space to hold rallies.*Perhaps backdoor dealings with factions"
,Recommended,245620,30215181,Posted: 27 February,all,Nox,"It's a good one - harkens back to the tropico 3 goodness, but with some unfortunate limitations - like control over resources being exported and the like.Need to spend more time in multiplayer."
76561198260362981,Recommended,245620,22640861,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,i3luntsaw,"Me like game, good. buy game you. if city build you like. a game for you this is"
76561198002558159,Recommended,245620,22826711,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,phmon,"Good : More fun than Tropico 4You can research your tech, and customize your Law.You can not get everything. You should choose.You should make sure your strategy as each stage has specific mission.Bad : uncomfortable than Tropico 4To play  with the mouse you should disconnect the game pad.You can not cancel your actions.And I could not find old hot-keys."
76561198035389718,Not Recommended,245620,35426569,Posted: 2 October,all,lhberg0801,"Tropico 4 was a pretty awesome game. It had great depth and replayability. Tropico 5, on the other hand, was a HUGE step down. The internal politics have been dumbed down, the ability to see range of building effectiveness was removed, and the amount of DLCs needed in order to make it almost enjoyable as T4 amounts to extortion.Despite the massive flaws mentioned above, I would still be inclined to give a positive review if it weren't for the fact that the game crashes ALL THE TIME!"
,Recommended,245620,23929840,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AlviN =D,Recommending everyone the game!
76561198282583473,Recommended,245620,31745116,Posted: 14 May,all,ConDogs42,Really fun and addictive city building game. Tropico 5 is one of the best city building games i've played!
,Recommended,245620,31743108,Posted: 14 May,all,Hype,HOLY HOT DAMN THIS IS GOODThough there are homeless people everywhere all the time. >:v
,Recommended,245620,10210170,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Stygian Knight,"EL PRESIDENTE !This game is simply awesome.Be dictator, be rebel, be pirate, be whatever you want on your island and noone can stop you."
76561198126171526,Not Recommended,245620,24796447,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Ignotus,4 is better.
,Recommended,245620,10209345,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,4b6167,"I forgot how much I loved playing the previous Tropico games until I played this one. If you loved the humor in the last one, this one's even funnier. I actually had to stop playing for a few minutes at one point because I couldn't stop laughing the first time I heard them read one of the edicts.Leave it to Tropico to turn legalise into funnies!"
,Not Recommended,245620,24018969,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,King-,"I downloaded it, played it, but now I can't play it anymore because of error 0xc000007b. I am not willing to spend hours to fix this issue as I have fixed hundreds of errors in the past with other games. This time I am leaving a bad review because this game is simply not worth the time required to fix it."
76561198014276784,Not Recommended,245620,23458030,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,stephen,"I wanted to like this as much as Tropico 4. There are a lot of improvements to how the economy runs, the graphics are beautiful, and in general the feel of the game is less chaotic. The 'Era' and 'Technology' pieces are neat additions as well.Ultimately though, this is a soulless game that tries too hard to make you like it. The characters are grating, the ""It's a new era, now everyone hates you!"" is obnoxious at best, and most of the game is spent preparing for the 'end of era invasion'.. because that's the biggest ""challenge"" and frankly the most fun part of an era. No more can you do fun things like pander to the religous and environmental factions and force everyone else off the island. Now it's ""Faction A"" vs ""Faction B"".. and that's it. Oh, and if Faction A doesn't like you, it blows up your stuff. Yay..I would maybe buy this game if it and all of its DLC's are on a huge sale.. maybe."
,Not Recommended,245620,10221218,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Zesty,Not Worth it
,Recommended,245620,10210560,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zone FNF,"I have played a few campaigns in 5 so far, and here are my initial impressions.ProsI like the graphics. They look beautiful. Enough said.I like the music. Not as good as 4, in my personal opinion, but still good.I like the trading system changes, or what I've seen of them so far. It adds some depth to the trading, which is something I didn't know Tropico needed until now.I like the snap-to-grid effect when placing buildings/roads. It makes it a bit easier to set up your island.ConsI don't like the overlay system. It is hard to see underneath all the trees. It looks nice, but personally I find it just makes it hard to judge where to drop ranches/plantations/etc.I don't like the amount of gated content. There is the research gating (which is fine on its own) and the war requirement gating (which is annoying and unnecessary in a lot of cases). Obviously, the war gating makes sense historically most of the time. In-game, I think the amount of content gated by the wars is a bit extreme. I should be able to have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little clinic before the first war if I have the cash for it.I don't like the lack of WASD camera controls. The devs did announce that they'd be implementing them soon, so its not a huge deal. It just seems like it should have been put in to begin with, as I remember quite a bit of clamoring for them in 4.I don't like the new voice actors or characters. This is a serious issue for me. Way more serious than it is for others, I'm sure. The NPCs seem flat and bland. Even the new characters' pictures are less caricature-like than they were previously. The voice acting is sub-par compared to 4. The humor and silly voice acting were what made me fall hard for Tropico. If I had played this game first, I'd probably never try the others and I probably wouldn't play after finishing the campaigns. Seriously. I never thought I'd miss Sunny. The new Penultimo sounds like a toolbag compared to 4's. I miss Lord Chuffney.Overall, I'm enjoying it but am I little bit disappointed at the same time. I'd like to mess around in multi-player before I can say if this game will be eating up all my free-time in the near future or not.Check out my Let's Play series for Tropico 5 for more info:http://youtu.be/rGQdPs9MUKo"
,Recommended,245620,10210598,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Subete,"I've only played a few games in Tropico 5 and so far, as a long time fan of the Tropico franchise, this is great!Many new features are introduced in this game that the previous ones never have! The Eras, Dynasties, many other great stuff that enhances the typical city builder gameplay! With the addition of Research, you can actually play this more strategically and plan out which research will help to boost your city in the future. With the introduction of Eras, it gets more challenging. Example, you have to stay in regime as govenor during Colonial Era and build up Revolutionaries to strive for independance. So, you have to be the Crown's puppet but at the same time,♥♥♥♥♥♥them off!So many great stuff! Not disspointed at all! If you are a fan of the Tropico series and have yet to get a copy, get one! Or Else!"
,Recommended,245620,26553676,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,HEAT 5 Coup de grâce NO SOUND,AWESOME
76561198158322272,Recommended,245620,17554887,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,V12 LIVES MATTER,Game's pretty nice!
76561198024375427,Not Recommended,245620,11121937,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Lt Col Blacky,I loved Tropico 3 & 4. And Tropico 5 held such promise. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI pathing and broken gameplay combine with networking issues made this a worthless addition to my collection. Unless they redo a large chunck of the game I just wasted my money.
,Recommended,245620,13561714,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mako,"try being a dictator , build soo many army base . suddenly coup and lose . 10/10 would make more army base again"
76561198049446651,Recommended,245620,10211169,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lord Mobutu,"Haven't really found any problems with it so far except that the servers are a bit buggy atm, but what do you expect from a game that was released just a couple of hours ago."
76561198073061496,Not Recommended,245620,10244802,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Switzi the Swiss Leutnant,i cant play this stupid game becuase i need a graphics card
76561197964277088,Recommended,245620,33021577,Posted: 29 June,all,Rx5,Real fun
76561197975440164,Recommended,245620,10215240,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DeathChef,"awesome, as in....nothing bad :P"
,Recommended,245620,10214218,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,queef commando,Became hispanic hitler. 10/10
76561198042571036,Recommended,245620,10215708,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Nugget,"Amazeballs, that's all you need to know."
76561198063185839,Recommended,245620,14964886,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Barkly the Basketball,Such an Awesome Game :D
,Recommended,245620,24837487,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Denia [87th],"Picked up on 75% sale,worth it"
76561198081224114,Recommended,245620,24830669,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,alemismun,"One word, W0W"
76561198124394677,Recommended,245620,31031209,Posted: 8 April,all,Donald Trump,Taught me everything I know.
76561198030733225,Not Recommended,245620,13011628,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ptpsn,tedious gameplay. not all that fun vs previous tropicos. :(
,Not Recommended,245620,23383969,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,soopaflyjoe,I like the game but they skimped on alot of things1. I like to hold on to goods not sell them so I can use them(urainum/oil/coal) but I can't they sell when I need them2 no cheats (inf cash is all you get and Is jack♥♥♥♥♥♥3 my imports sell befor I even get them onto the island and I have 10 teamsters builings for a pop 300had a island at 100% likeing meimports of fule keep selling and costing loads of $ and power goes outpeople go savige cause power is out and I lose game.my mines sell all their goods so no fule or ore for me when I need them.I had a game were my people starved to death and I had inf money and loads of imported food. but the food whould get sold befor I can even get it to my people.They all just about died.If you add a non export to the game it would be alsome but you have to mod it in.(which sucks cause all older games you could.)tropico 5 is a tropico game and is good but is missing alot of key things.(so it sucks)
,Recommended,245620,10396615,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Illuminatus,"If you like the tropico games then this one is NOT a let down, However there are a few things that annoy me about the game like that all buildings must be individually upgraded except when they are being modernized. Hopefully it will be added to a later patch"
76561198094663718,Recommended,245620,13064377,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,KappaWildGorilla,Nothing like seeing your president walking down the street in a pink astronaut suit.
76561198136847124,Recommended,245620,18555236,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,aNGERYASIAN,pepsi
76561198004384424,Recommended,245620,15054246,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,PixieMuffin,"Just picked this up for 75% and I do not regret my decision. I agree with most reviews that it is pricey right now but just wait for a sale like I did. Also, yes the game is similiar to the others that came before it but is that not why we bought it. I loved Tropico 4 and I hoped that five was the same and I was not wrong. I continue to buy the sims and yet it is the same thing but that is what I want and love. So if you are like me and are happy with the past games then you will enjoy the fifth one like I have.Just a side note, I love all these ""helpful"" negative reviews on that game claiming that Tropico 5 is a let down or is the exact same thing and yet look at some of the hours they logged into the game..."
76561198076321778,Not Recommended,245620,11153377,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Shark,It's basically Tropico 4 but with a new DLC.
,Not Recommended,245620,15203130,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,janoszen,"Clunky mechanics, hectic gameplay and poor, poor performance. Buy it when it's on sale for 15 bucks."
,Recommended,245620,13260234,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Moomiss,Sold Wepons To The Nazi's What More Could You Want Out Of a Game.
76561198157257801,Recommended,245620,15176365,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,PROXIGEN_[572],"CSGO is a game full of wonder and excitment, from traversing your favorite planets, to fighting demons in the core of hell, you can do it all. One of the biggest mechanics they have added into assassins creed 卐 is the ability to dominate your favorite galaxy, along with visiting your favorite witcher 3 brothels. This game has it all. Like I said, skyrim is a great game"
,Recommended,245620,10380932,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kruger,"Much like the previous game, emphasis on the same aspects in that it's very clear what the game is trying to do.You play ruler of a tropican island and it's your job to have the island prosper and grow while juggling your relations with the big superpowers as well as your own growing population.The game is now built around 4 time periods or Eras; Colonial, World Wars, Cold War and Modern Times. Special events happen all the time throughout the game, depending on which Era you are in. This brings a lot of variety to the game and is a nice addition from Tropico 4.Multiplayer has been added to the game, which is exciting - I haven't played it much but it seems decent enough. Nothing really worth invisting too much time into - If you are thinking about buying the game, buy it for the Single Player modesThe music is excellent and probably the only thing about the game done to perfection. It's mostly instrumental music unlike Tropico 4 and i have to say they pulled it off perfectly. You never feel like it's' too much and listening to the same music isn't getting in the way of enjoying the game.I'll recommend the game to both fans of the series and newcomvers, but don't expect fireworks.7/10"
,Recommended,245620,16708570,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,rez,"Volcano destroyed half my island, soon after got hit by a tsunami, effectively destroying the other half.420/69 would bang."
,Recommended,245620,15970071,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Badger,Good Game
,Recommended,245620,10212318,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Les,wow I love the game this is a very fun game to play so far
,Recommended,245620,10211667,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,KS3.DaseinWasHere,Best Tropico Yet
76561198054968957,Recommended,245620,10212304,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Achgirl,Good game but has some issues like the graphically giltch when im invaded
76561198063142165,Recommended,245620,10212855,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Jayce,Love it so far. Game feels fresh and entertaining. 9/10.
,Recommended,245620,10221709,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,carbonytte,"The overhaul were probably fantastic, but surely not perfect.Cons:DX11 - A lot of people seems to say this, but honestly, I didn't really realized that this was DX11. Graphically this looks the same with Tropico 4.Borderless windowed - There's probably a setting for this but I couldn't find it. By default it loads in ""borderless windowed"" mode rather than fullscreen mode, which means that if you're using multiple monitors display, moving the mouse towards the edge of the game display might make the mouse moves outside the game window already. This, is definitely a No-No for people who uses multiple monitors for their display output.Free-roaming Dynasty Avatar - Unlike having only one character, you create a dynasty which starts with you making a character, and then get more characters in your dynasty through in-game events. That's kinda cool, however in Tropico 4, we can move the avatars to a building which is being constructed just to speed it up. In Tropico 5, the avatars were all free roaming and there seems to be no way to control them.Pro :Tech Tree overhaul - The tech tree looks more complex and compelling compared to Tropico 4, in a good way.Historical Progress - You first start as being a governor to some West India Company (I'd guess it's British, I might have skipped that one in the intro), slowly gain independence and then start to become the head of your own country. After gaining independence, you enter the World War, being stuck between two great powers (Allies and Nazi). Then your progress to Cold War (still only two great powers, you can befriend US or Russia, or both) and lastly Modern Times. This, is quite the fun.Trade options - Rather than waiting for in-game events in order to trade with other nations, you can also use sign a trade agreement with other nations at any time (note : you only sign the agreement, this means that you're not the one proposing to import/export a resource/goods to other nations, but simply open up the trade options and choose what's available at the moment (I think in multiplayer we may be given the option to set some trades with other players, but I haven't try the multiplayer yet)Multiplayer - I haven't try this one yet, but if there's a reason why you want to buy Tropico 5, it's definitely the option of pitting yourself against others.That said, to me the 4rd pro reason is the only reason why I'd say ""Yes, buy this game"". Else, you're better off playing Tropico 4. The rest are kinda cool (historical progress, dynasty avatars) but I just don't really see the difference with Tropico 4. Multiplayer is probably the only reason a Tropico 4 player wants to get his hands on Tropico 5."
76561197986564754,Recommended,245620,10212396,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Afghanicus,"TL;DR Worth the price, much improved, lots of fun!More than a mere update or expansion when compared to Tropico 4; a major leap forward. Micromanagement has been streamlined and cut where necessary to create a very fluid expirience. The campaign has a more homogenous feel and a sense of purpose provided by the characters ""dynasty"" and ""era's"" style of progression.The game so far (5 hours) exhibited a high level of polish that's become uncommon with modern releases. Great fun and humour throughout as would be expected from those familiar with the series. Warfare has been implemented exceptionally well without diminishing the other aspects of the game.If you're on the fence (price wise) play Tropico 4 first and if you enjoy it GET TROPICO 5For those who enjoyed Tropico 1-4 (as I did) what are you waiting for? GET TROPICO 5"
,Recommended,245620,10216524,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Dr. Madfox,"While I'd reccomend this, it's only with cautious optimism. It reminds me of Civ5's bumpy start, but if they can't pull it out of the dumpster like Firaxis did for that game, it'll only hurt the Tropico franchise. In all lucklihood it's sadly likely best to wait for a few DLCs/Expansions to come out for it. Also, stop whining it needs DirectX 11. Old technology gets phased out, it happens."
76561198038209028,Recommended,245620,10213754,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Churronobyl,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198106312655,Recommended,245620,12767515,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,davems,"i love this game, good humor, good textures, good story, little more than just bulding a city. I recommend this"
,Recommended,245620,31245670,Posted: 19 April,all,daniel,Fun
,Not Recommended,245620,16730541,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rocket Pak,You'll spend half the game clicking each individual building to appply upgrades.
76561198077405778,Recommended,245620,28727707,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Freak,I had all 5 Tropicos... One of the best Game series Ever.
,Recommended,245620,29217599,Posted: 12 January,all,Arian2002,"It's really weird but fun game, 11/10"
,Recommended,245620,10472733,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,pants,literally distoryed my own city with airstrikes cause of how many rebellers i had :c
,Recommended,245620,27907885,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nibbles,Best Castro simulator 2014RIP
,Not Recommended,245620,24014635,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Oz,♥♥♥♥ the coup!
76561198297906261,Recommended,245620,25086674,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,kenan koparan,great stratagy game and great freedom i hope they make another tropico game
76561198012160186,Not Recommended,245620,13263966,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dr. Rockso,"As is the tradition with Tropico games, the next in the series really has nothing ""new"" to offer, that the previous already had.  Sadly, in the case of this game, Tropico 5 actually has LESS than Tropico 4 did.First off, and most noticable is the change in (good) voice actors, and huge reduction characters.  Sunny is gone, as well as many other favorites, which in turn cuts back on the humor and charm that makes Tropico so much fun.  There's now a more stream-lined way to build (ie plantations vs farms) which is sometimes good, but mostly bad -- it cuts back hardcore on your building options.If you're new to Tropico, stick to Part 4 and it's DLC.  Veterans of Tropico will most likely feel cheated by Part 5."
,Recommended,245620,16774880,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Habiyeru,Philippines Simulator 2015
,Recommended,245620,29427877,Posted: 22 January,all,GADA,One of the best games i ever have the pleashure to play i really really recoment this game to enyone ho is into sandbox strategy simulator and even warfare which is like in real life and needs a lot of money effort and everything!
,Recommended,245620,24831542,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cameron,"tropico 4 has a big collection of extra dlc that you gotta shell out dough for, yet people don't complain about that. am i missing something here?"
,Not Recommended,245620,14952380,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Funky Monkey 95,Crashed every 2-5 minuets cant even start a game. Stick with Tropico 4.
76561198015271039,Recommended,245620,29992024,Posted: 17 February,all,Barbarossa Bey,The best Tropico series by far.The only misfortune is the limited number of missions available.If only developers would put up more missions to pave way for dozens of hours of more Tropican fun!
76561198074948454,Not Recommended,245620,17195637,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sugarcookie,"This game was a huge disappointment compared to Tropico 4. The controls, story, and lack of missions made it a huge let down. Just another rushed unfinished game that wants you to purchase DLC instead of including it."
76561198062653983,Not Recommended,245620,12063300,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,INSANEFIRELOARD,Not much different than Tropico 4 beside mulitplayer. Which might I add absolutly sucks. The first person with an army wins and you have no control over your units. I mean seriously no control when attacking. They just slapped Tropico 5 up with Tropico 4's engine and added a crappy muliplayer option thats it. Don't waste your time or your money.
,Not Recommended,245620,29676869,Posted: 3 February,all,Massive Damage,"Wasn't very fun. I didn't like it much. Some people might like it, but it isn't for me... Probobly because the Island is so small.Sadly I'm going to have to re-purchase it when it comes back on Sale, because when i refunded it, the DLC didn't get refunded, so I have all this DLC for a game I can't play, and ♥♥♥♥ me if I'm not going to get my Money's worth.. ARGH."
76561198120367908,Recommended,245620,30090747,Posted: 21 February,all,JFeeley88,very good
76561198009043646,Not Recommended,245620,11291757,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Bowser 71,game would be better if it had a free play mode as carrer is over with too quickly and so annoying to have to keep restarting over and over agian.
,Not Recommended,245620,19341649,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Viro.Karma,I'm trying really hard to give this game a chance. I've never played a Tropico title before. The controls seem horrible. The abilities they give you to key bind are seriously gimp.  I think this is all because the game is able to be played with a controler. So the keyboard driven aspect just seems like an after thought. Which that's fine I'll either get used to it or i wont.
,Recommended,245620,11393911,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Gabenfoodle,"Ok, so I don't have many hours on it. I play it when I get that building game craving.I launched a world, gave myself infinite monay, eventually got to the cold war, and got tanks. I then♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off my population to such a degree that revoulions where a common sight. I knew this, so I had made my island into north korea. Most of the island was filled with tanks, and a few military bases. The other part was filled with Casinos, nuclear plants, rockets, aircraft carriers, and maybe 50 cheap appartments for my population of rebels. I killed people at random. When a rebellion got started, every single street was filled to the brim with tanks. Tanks Tanks Tanks. I squished those rebels.I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the US and the USSR. I killed them with tanks.My palace was a giant motor pool, filled with Tanks.My beaches had tanks.My Casinos had tanksTANKS TANKS TANKS TANKSTANK/10"
76561198050481224,Recommended,245620,10405007,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,YliTumppi,"Sadly this is another series that loses its idea as it gets diluted down to bland and simplified. Earlier incarnations of tropico were a lot less politically correct, and thus gave much more lols and feels in general. This time that downward trend is taking a huge step, and the specialness of idea is really watered down to just another citybuilder.Also the gameplay itself is really dumbed down, the noble goal seems to be reducing micromanagement, but it actually fails in that by giving away badly functioning building budgets, while taking away esential tools to efficient city-running. (Rent selector anyone?) Almanac, your primary source of information is also infinitely worse than its predecessor.Some design choises like removal of essential buildings (jail?) or lack of missions points really obviously towards truckload of DLC coming up. There are lots of complaints about bugs, and i did experience teamsters jamming and sound glitches.Seems to be that devs are running out of ides, or more likely the businessmen don't let them be used anymore. I guess it is the sad fate of every succesful game. No risks are allowed, everything potentially offensive is removed and for the sake of larger audience, everything is ""simplified"". Result is tasteless, bland and just riding on tales of glorious past.If you get a steam special discount bundle with DLC included, it is worth it. For full price, definitely not. Already tropico 2 was better as game, and part 3 or its full-price expansion 4 is way better as story."
76561198077170807,Recommended,245620,20069223,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,daniel-crni(KAKASHI),gg
76561198121648733,Not Recommended,245620,17333353,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,white1498,can't hold a profit like tropico 4. so this sucks♥♥♥♥♥
76561198103847555,Not Recommended,245620,17550139,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,[Sym] george,"I JUST BOUGHT A GAME FULL OF BUGS!!!! ARE YOU REALLY SELLING THIS??? I JUST WASTED MY MONEY!!! I AM SO FRUSTRATED RIGHT NOW! All I can do is listen to the background music while theres a bunch of black slices going around which doesn't allow me to see the map. HEY TROPICO 5 developers whats this? My laptop spec is 4gb ram i5, I can even support dota 2 with no lag but with this I just can't play! TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY!!!"
76561198006884041,Recommended,245620,12228283,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,velasquez_lucas,"Great game, wish the campaign was longer."
,Recommended,245620,12286461,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Globee,Very relaxing and nice game
76561198114550592,Not Recommended,245620,11544296,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DigitalTripster,"Eh, I purchased Tropico 5 without playing any other of the games so I have no experience in this series. Shacks spawn even with empty houses, you get screwed over as a democrat or a totalitarian dictator and you lose eventually. Sandbox mode isnt even a TRUE sandbox more of a campaign & campaign is more of a ""challenge"" mode. Annoying in my opinion."
76561198064115912,Not Recommended,245620,11669710,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,rorer_usn,Don't waste your money! It doesn't even work!
76561198243766014,Not Recommended,245620,19966013,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Ryan,I do not like this game because of two reason . 1: It does not have a good garaphic. 2: It is a boring game.
76561198136356054,Recommended,245620,11320012,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,MagikarpMan1,LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL Harry you should play this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197986995278,Not Recommended,245620,25503127,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,spalaima,"I am not angry with tropic 5 am just disappointed.It just is not up to your usual tropico standers. (Which is hard to do. You expect a few tropic bug  too squash which is what players do as el presidenta but, there are too many. )The game itself fells more like a bet then a finished game with serval DLC."
76561198045143710,Recommended,245620,30678109,Posted: 22 March,all,mattslear,http://u1.ipernity.com/19/66/11/10996611.6f67e2bc.560.jpg
76561198079096462,Not Recommended,245620,20216746,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Krispert,"This game is a disaster and an unworthy sequel for this series. There is little control over what happens in the game and little useful information to understand . A lot of things got worse compared to Tropico 4. You can't set salaries or rents, houses stay empty while people live in shacks. You can't get satisfy the needs of the citizens in the early eras because most buildings are unavailable. You need far too many buildings of a given type to provide services. Combat is pathetic.All in all playing this game is no fun and a total waste of time."
,Recommended,245620,19456229,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Rajol al watwat,y
,Recommended,245620,24089288,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,/ASIFAR/,"Want to be a good leader for your glorious empire? Well,I guess this game is not for you!You can do a lot of things from killing and bribing, to building your whole empire of tyrany!And boy,That humour of this game is the best!Loading screens are fun too,but they too short to read :("
,Not Recommended,245620,11785487,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,SeannyyX,"READ THE WHOLE PAGE!System RequirementsMinimum:OS: Windows Vista SP2, Windows 7, Windows 8Processor: 2 GHz Dual Core CPUMemory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: GeForce 400 or higher, AMD Radeon HD 4000 or higher, Intel HD 4000 or higher (DirectX 11 hardware support required)DirectX: Version 11Hard Drive: 4 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectX compatibleIf your computer doesn't match this minimum information and you buy it then you're out of luck! Even if you can run every other game on steam!"
76561198043167512,Recommended,245620,26530948,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,k9gunner,i like it
,Recommended,245620,22065209,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ero,Incredible! Tropico always fun and complete. Can teach you to be a good president or a terrible imperator
76561198006643348,Recommended,245620,21873876,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,conley1126,I didnt even know I owned this game?!
,Recommended,245620,33235604,Posted: 4 July,all,Jozef Stalin,10/10
76561198127813441,Not Recommended,245620,23383522,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Jacobcold,This was not what I was expecting dont be fooled by the good graphics at in the trailor and it has a verry confusing set up
76561198008822695,Recommended,245620,16556661,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,shintoryu1,"One of my favorite games, I love the humor mixed in with the game pay"
76561198063060359,Recommended,245620,25945870,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,too much air,Massacre no-good commies in this capitalist paradise.
,Recommended,245620,25945903,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,G2.0 | Domenic77x,Great game other than the campign.
,Not Recommended,245620,17438026,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Eadlyn June,I decided to try it. It sucks. I'll play more. Still sucks though.
76561198018830603,Recommended,245620,13685084,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Demon Head 101,great game!!!!!!!!!!
76561198070411855,Recommended,245620,10281239,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Member Berry,"Its a good game.  Love the new additions such as dynasties and eras, makes it very interesting.  Multiplayer is a new addition that startled me when i found out it was in this game.  My personal opinion is that mulitplayer is better when playing with friends."
,Recommended,245620,10271123,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,DelScorcho,"Excellent game, much of an improvement over Tropico 4 of which I really liked as well.  Recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,245620,10271367,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,iWalkThruArmies,I wish they kept the voice actors from previous titles...  but still great game 10/10
76561198038467398,Recommended,245620,10271565,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Rocket Man,In order to make an alliance with the U.S. I had to survive a terrorist attack.... of redcoats.3.14^100/10
76561198042509477,Not Recommended,245620,16704117,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,jrizzle121,Make sure you have the proper hardware or you wont be able to play the game. I found out the hardware because I figured my computer is farly new I wouldn't have a problem. And I have not played the game yet.
76561198236082174,Not Recommended,245620,16801772,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,syazwanazlan,Yup like the other reviews. Tropico 4 is much more satisfying that this version.
76561198047401465,Not Recommended,245620,16125079,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,not,"Waste of money, horrible 1980's graphics.   Not playable.  Wish I could get my money back."
76561198103595311,Not Recommended,245620,16786238,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,mRttyrn,Can I get my money back game doesnt work properly If someone type me back I can send pictures of in game its weird lights and darkness everywhere can't see nothing and only I can see is the sea rest of the map is darkness and lights... I updated my graffics card but still same..
76561198040663597,Recommended,245620,10271456,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Herr,Good.
76561198028349638,Not Recommended,245620,16036442,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Adolf Hitler,"Soon as it gets around to the end of the cold era my economy went down the toilet cause of some bug with the teamstars and docks not sending the merchandise in. No merchandise going in means, no money coming in means the debt keeps rising and there aint jack sh*t no one can do about it."
,Recommended,245620,10270256,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,bo,Love this game.I'm a dictator!
76561198028255388,Recommended,245620,12647329,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Vadi,Great fun and pretty addicting despite lacking explicit turns like Civ-series does!
,Not Recommended,245620,31889564,Posted: 21 May,all,GWARR,"God awful game mechanics.  Empty apartments while people build shacks right next to the farm they work at.  Happiness plummets and you lose during an uprising while your military """"""""""""""""""""""""""""randomly"""""""""""""""""""""""""" begins a coup4 was way better"
76561198046514417,Recommended,245620,32738001,Posted: 24 June,all,macol90,"There should be a minimum of playtime before posting reviews, but whatever.I just now purchased this game but I've seen video reviews, If you enjoy Tropico 4, you should enjoy Tropico 5. It's more of the same. The Tropico series is basically SimCity with a big focus on politics and micromanagement of individual businesses and tourism. Plus you get to fight invading armies and be a terrible person to your citizens! If that sounds like fun, this game is for you!"
76561198088908147,Recommended,245620,32795065,Posted: 25 June,all,Evan,Enjoyed playing this game
76561198141482253,Recommended,245620,32166334,Posted: 3 June,all,allen.a198,how do you fix the black screen error
,Recommended,245620,10211018,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Frostfel,"Are you a rebel? If not you should definitely buy Tropico 5. The new era design is interesting and add more to the strategy in this game. The graphics are nice and buildings are well done. The only complain I have is the DLC´s culture of Calypso and Haemimont, they realease small DLCs all the time containing only a building, mission and some useless clothes for your char, they should add more to those small DLC´s or decrease the price. Thought we would be free of this with Tropico 5 but the preorder shows that they´ll continue doing this. Other than that a nice 10/10 game."
76561198044539282,Recommended,245620,21875804,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Stefsco,"Tropico 5 is a very good game.Pros:They have made the economy much harder to manage. In Tropico 4 it was just make some sugar farms and you were set.The era system has also been managed very well, new challenges come with every era and also new buildings, edicts and technologies...The tech tree adds a whole new perspective the game.You now have a Constitution where you can change different laws such as voting rights and immigration.Uprisings, Coups and especially invasions are now a real threat that has to be dealt with, In Tropico 4, foreign invasion never really threatened me at all.Better combat systems.Tasks actually have a meaning late-gameThe new trade system allows you to sell specific items to a nation of your choice at a higher price to normal.The swiss bank account actually means something now rather than something you can feel bad about as you earn twice as much money as the country does,Cons:You can't control any of your units you just have to hope for the best that they arrive at the combat zone.Economy is extremely hard to manage late game as more and more buildings are built.You can't activate martial law and have a happy military. The military loyalty is determined by the people's happiness, meaning that if you issue martial law,ironically, the military will probably start a coup.Teamsters and Construction workers are extremely slow, and if you put a building on low priority forget about it. I was looking around for any oil deposits and I saw a corn plantation on low priority still being built from the Colonial era.It literally takes a year to get some wood from one side of the island to the other.Almanac has been simplified, The economy page only tells you your expenses and revenue, no detail of income or expenditure.Budgets make a large bustling city cost you $1000 a second.Overall:8/10P.S: At the end penultimo blames the Illuminati."
,Recommended,245620,22208874,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,schleep,fun
,Recommended,245620,22260604,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,"ezixen, last of my name :)",Rules
76561198271102099,Recommended,245620,22259537,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,mof_tam,nice
,Not Recommended,245620,14301576,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nitecop,"After playing this game for several months, I have to say it's not as fun as Tropico 4 which has a much higher replayability value through it's funness and humor. Tropico 5's humor and voice acting seems low budget and the whole game feels 'half baked' and not very challenging. I love the Tropico franchise but this is a serious let down."
76561198138804673,Not Recommended,245620,14218087,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,trainman21,"Very disappointed in this version of Tropico.  The gameplay seems shallow and inevitably your island will pass a sort of critical mass point where regardless of how many teamsters you build, you cannot get goods transported and your economy quickly tanks."
,Recommended,245620,32682637,Posted: 23 June,all,AJMAL,Great game
76561197965723094,Recommended,245620,19521785,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Lucknuss,Great
76561198105968553,Not Recommended,245620,29545472,Posted: 28 January,all,carlmkordek,"Not worth it. Tropico 3,4 are better."
76561198036403925,Recommended,245620,10373007,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Distraught,very cityso dictatormuch funwow
,Recommended,245620,10214103,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Hannibal,you should play this game because you are sooooo homo
,Recommended,245620,24921492,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Wat,"Bought the game for original pricefew days later, on sale for 6.99gabe pls10/10 good game"
,Recommended,245620,24920165,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,woop de chicken coop,"Had a beautiful thriving city, turned into a dictator, my own military killed me. 9/10"
76561197965346201,Recommended,245620,33030024,Posted: 30 June,all,M@X P@IN,One of the better sim games I have played you can do so much in this game get on it
,Recommended,245620,25510410,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lullaby-ID,Butuh konsentrasi
76561198144379520,Recommended,245620,25511488,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,MarshMello,Well as i bought the game and saw my computer cant run it i decided to go cry
,Not Recommended,245620,10287262,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,E_128,"Tropico 5 is a HUGE step down in production values.Everything ranging from music to voice acting got a big budget cut.Also, capping the Population at 2000 is one of the dumbest thing I ever heard in a city building game, and I cannot find any good explanation as to why they would do something that stupid. Then again, this is a dumbed down Tropico, even the music sucks, so what did I expect....I'm seriously considering going back to Tropico 4, if both games were released simultaneously, everyone would prefer Tropico 4.They don't deserve your money, don't buy this game!"
76561198012614843,Recommended,245620,15552548,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,jpounder,penultimo recommends you buy this game for a 6 month extension on your gaming experience.
,Recommended,245620,17231748,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,주스 드락은,"This game is like a cabbage, it's not a liquid10/10"
76561198025671807,Not Recommended,245620,28794255,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,is raw,"I don'trecommand this game to anyone, the game itself feels unfinish"
,Recommended,245620,30587811,Posted: 18 March,all,El Presidente,"good morning tropico, im juanito"
76561198076598217,Recommended,245620,22862797,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,nullys,"Its alright, I suppose."
,Not Recommended,245620,17080955,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,darktorch4,"I have to say you should really play 4, 5 just seams to be trying to do something that I feel just isn't tropico"
76561198038446185,Recommended,245620,11089384,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TripSAW,The best of the series!
76561198033353849,Not Recommended,245620,10254898,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,BloodSpartan,I loved tropico 4 loved it. But this should be more if an exapnsion then a full game. Nearly not enough content! for 40 bucks
,Recommended,245620,25510185,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,False Alarm ☭,Very Very Gr8 game!! ALL HAIL SUPREME LEADER!
76561198141839229,Recommended,245620,25960690,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Captain Oblivious,1. Make a city2. Make a army3. Defend against the king.4. Make friends with America5. Make your military SO angry where they coup6. Die7. Lose and cry over your Failures10/10 best game =D
,Recommended,245620,17264214,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Josye,Best Game ever :D
76561198027153259,Not Recommended,245620,29214473,Posted: 12 January,all,hank2012,I have played the Tropico series to death; I loved the first three. This is a completely different game and something of a letdown. I guess for $5 you can probably afford to find out the hard way. Don't pay full price and remember to get a refund.
,Recommended,245620,12209289,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Morbid Fable,"A witty and funny RTS game with lots of strategy, and replayability. This game has a nice sort of humor to it that is unique. The characters are well written and are fun to listen to, but the game shouldnt be mistaken for a joke. It visually is a pleasing game with complex, or linear gameplay. The game lacks a strong multiplayer combat system but overall can be played either way with a lot of fun."
76561198284372330,Recommended,245620,33979889,Posted: 2 August,all,Glock 17 Gen 3.,Nice Game
,Recommended,245620,34006937,Posted: 3 August,all,Slappy | gamekit.com,Heck YEAH
,Recommended,245620,33869679,Posted: 28 July,all,The Cabaninator,Amazing.
76561197982877381,Recommended,245620,12167426,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Dethstarr,"If you dont have Tropico 3 or 4 already then well worth buying.  If you do (and I do) not really enough to warrant buying this in hindsight.It is more of the same which is not necessarily a bad thing as Tropico is a decent series but somehow, this was too similar to previous edition.  It does have some new bells and whistles but it wasnt really enough to justify another Tropico.So if you dont have any previous Tropico games and like the Genre then I would say go for it. It is a solid game to have on your game library list. If you do already have aTropico, you might want to consider if the extra content/features are worth upgrading to."
76561198099233561,Recommended,245620,12633085,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dreadfulvector,"Have been an avid player of the Tropico series since I were a wee lad with one of those huge white computer moniters you never see anymore. Yeah, thats right, I've been crushing rebellions and starving my loyal Tropicans to the point of shattered infrastructure for over ten years. Played all the Tropicos and I can safely say the quality has maintained satisfying levels. 8/10"
76561198026594741,Recommended,245620,12584118,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,[LOD] SARGE_5TH,"LOTS of fun, The revolution guys and girls SUCK! they always destroy my capital building. :("
76561198027516529,Not Recommended,245620,20504912,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Shiv,Just nothing like you would expect.I can't even call it a decent game.It's bad.don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,245620,15016762,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,a4niq8r,"WOW!!! Bloody Awful!  Quirky/jerky interface, roads don't work most of the time, can't scroll out far enough to see the island, STICK WITH 4 OR EARLIER VERSIONS!"
,Recommended,245620,25057473,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,KeK,its mlg game rgted 10/10
,Recommended,245620,25093269,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Pesticyde,"So much rebel, high politic , and war. fun 9/10"
76561197990917690,Recommended,245620,25043140,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,PixelWisp,"The best Tropico yet. Lots of fun, great music, what more could you ask for."
,Recommended,245620,25129235,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,kancer,"Very good, no bugs, casual game."
76561198120508225,Recommended,245620,25212560,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,It's Me,Good game. Wpuld recomend if you like city building games as well as managing a goverment.
,Recommended,245620,17243273,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Pouya,"This game is SO SO Good that I dont have the words to express how much I enjoy playing it. This sort of genre of gaming is my favourite. I sit there and build my dream world and spend hours on it. Its a great game that never gets old, I loved Tropico 4 and I love Tropico 5 even more. I LOVE YOUUUUUUUU DEVELOPERS OF TROPICO, you guys read my mind for what the perfect game should be (in this genre) and you put it together, THANK YOU"
76561198122251147,Recommended,245620,17496295,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Quest Lounge,10/10 music
76561198036707277,Recommended,245620,11334559,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[Ex]Pre$idente,Best city builder ever.I played all the tropico games and sims city and other city builders but tropico was the best every timeI played tropico 3 and 4 for hours but tropico 5 left me the best impression and I will play it more than the other tropicos not only for the multyplayer but for all the new stuff like the eras that i really enjoyed playing through them.
76561198079826395,Recommended,245620,17552436,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,hulk hogan,started of as a prospourous democracy ended up masacring my own citizens 10/10
76561198033936761,Recommended,245620,34080999,Posted: 7 August,all,Daviano,"I'm Daviano, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
76561198239215328,Recommended,245620,35250702,Posted: 27 September,all,Sir Robert Bryson Hall II,This game is a better sim city 5 but Cuba...
76561198124669030,Recommended,245620,14978948,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,CSI48,"game is fun , but in my view not worth $10 + DLC costs .Nice game , plays well but if DLC was included for $10 then i'd say buy it ."
76561198067989250,Recommended,245620,19887318,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,White Knight,rad!
76561198105513247,Recommended,245620,19874903,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,jonathanicy,"If you like city builders then this is the genre at its best, there are also some genuinly funny moments sprinkled in for good measure. 9/10 (Would highly recomend especially in the sale!)"
76561198122080598,Recommended,245620,34081870,Posted: 7 August,all,Vinny,Very addictive!
76561198051136311,Recommended,245620,34088925,Posted: 7 August,all,kalero81,"City building, micromanagement, and the occasional assassination. What's not to love?"
76561198009565196,Recommended,245620,21033006,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Aris_Shark,I think the best tropico was 3...this one is not bad but I have a feeling its missing something..
76561197996722333,Not Recommended,245620,25613997,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,M3T30R,"Tropico 5 to moim zdanie jeden krok w przód, ponieważ wprowadza parę ciekawych nowości tj. epoki, konstytucja czy kierownicy budynków. Plusem jest też to, że rozgrywka na danej wyspie w trybie kampanii jest zapisywana (przynajmniej w podstawowej) dzięki czemu możemy w pełni nacieszyć się epokami i nie musimy zaczynać zawsze od zera. Lecz nie dlatego dałem palec w dół, tylko dlatego że w pewnych, moim zdaniem, ważnych miejscach gra robi 2 kroki w tył. Jedną z nowych rzeczy jest ustalanie budżetu, które ma z góry ustalone kwoty. Oczywiście to nie jest rzecz, która psuje grę w dużym stopniu, ale zabiera mozliwość samodzielnego podjęcia decyzji o zarobkach pracowników co odbija się na budynkach mieszkalnych, w których też wybiera się, z góry ustalony wariant budżetu. Muszę budować domki, które mieszczą tylko 4 rodziny i zazwyczaj dają minimalny przychód, albo muszę zwięksazać zarobki pracowników, po to by mieszkali w lepszych (również 4 rodzinnych domkach), co powoduję mniejszy przychód. I dlaczego w pierwszych dwóch epokach muszę zbudować tak wiele tych domków?? Nie dość, że są stosunkowo drogie, to muszę jeszcze, zbudować ich kilkadziesiąt, żeby pomieścić wszystkich obywateli. Oczywiście, można wybudować czynszówkę w drugiej epoce, która z czasem traci ""jakość"", przez co obywatele nie chcą w nich mieszkać, a potrafią budować sobie szałasy, gdy są miejsca w domkach. Kolejną rzeczą jest polityka wew., która w tej części, moim zdaniem, kuleje, ponieważ, gdy jedna strona cię kocha, druga nienawidzi, czego nie było w poprzedniej części. Rozumiem że jest to część systemu epok, lecz przez to bardzo często poparcie jest mniejsze niż 50%, a potrzeba przynajmniej 51% by ruszyć z epoką do przodu lub by wygrać wybory, co jest KLUCZOWE w tej grze. Jest opcja fałszerstwa wyborów, lecz ona nie działa jak powinna. 2 razy sfałszowałem wybory i 2 razy przegrałem, DLACZEGO???? W poprzedniej części ZAWSZE wygrywało się sfałszowane wybory, były za to jakieś kary, ale mogłem grać dalej. Polityki zagranicznej nie będę oceniał ponieważ nie zagłębiałem się w nią. Kolejna rzecz: imigracja w Tropico 4 wystarczyło wybudować urząd imigracyjny i można było zgrubsza kontrolować napływ imigrantów, w Tropico 5 już nie. Oczywiście jest opcja konstytucyjna regulująca to, lecz ona nie działą tak jak powinna. Mam 4 porty, ""państwo imigrantów"" i przypływa 10-20 imigrantów jednym statkiem na 6-8???? gdzie ja w tym czasię będę już potrzebował 40 bezrobotnych, którzy też, za bardzo do pracy się nie palą, ponieważ czekają na wolne miejsce ""ucznia"" (co powodowało, że byli bezdomni). W Tropico 4 praktycznie na każdym statku przypływali imigranci, przez co czasem trzeba było blokować imigrację, bo przypływało ich za dużo, a w Tropico 5 jest ich zawsze za mało. Ktoś pewnie powie ""przecież można zbudować parę klinik i wprowadzić zakaz antykoncepcji"" tylko, że do klinik trzeba drugiej epoki i uniwersytetu (bez zapraszania pracowników z zagranicy), a antykoncepcję można zablokować dopiero w trzeciej epoce, więc wskaźnik urodzeń jest na początku słaby. Pisałem o portach i tutaj mam kolejny minus. Rozumiem konieczność większej ilości portów, by mieć więcej statków handlowych. Tylko dlaczego zazwyczaj towary które eksportuję, są w kilku różnych portach?? Nie można było wprowadzić jakiegoś filtra, który by sprawiał, że dany towar na eksport, byłby w tym samym porcie, a nie trzech różnych, przy tylko 1 statku przydzielonym do eksportu?? Duża ilość portów sprawia że tylko się traci pieniądze na ich utrzymanie, a muszą być ""obsadzone"" by mieć więcej statków handlowych. Pisałem też, o tym, że progres na wyspie jest przenoszony z misji na misję. Tylko, że przez to mamy do wyboru, aż DWIE wyspy (przynajmniem w podstawowej kampanii). Jeden krok w przód i jeden krok w tył. Kolejną rzeczą, która robi krok w tył, jest biuro budowlane. Po #1: budowlańcy NIE naprawiają uszkodzonych lub podtopionych (co jest ciekawym, nowym dodatkiem) budynków, trzeba zapłacić za naprawę takich budynków, gdzie w poprzedniej części budowlańcy, sami to robili, i to za DARMO, jeżeli nie było budynków do budowy. Przynajmniej wprowadzili opcję ""napraw wszystkie budynki"" czy ""odbuduj wszystkie budynki"", dzięki czemu nie trzeba było ich szukać. Po #2: w Tropico 4, zaznaczając biuro budowlane, wyświetlały się informację jakie budynki pracownicy aktualnie wznoszą, czego już w Tropico 5 nie znajdziemy, przez co gracz nie ma pojęcia, czy budowlańcy pracują, czy się po prostu opier...niczają. Turystyki nie będę oceniał, ponieważ nigdy jej nie lubiłem w tej serii i dlatego, że jeszcze nie doszedłem do tego momentu.Ogólnie oceniam grę pozytywnie i polecam ją, ze względu na dwie poprzednie części, które mi się podobały i mam nadzieję, że ta też mi się spodoba, ale radzę uzbroić się w cierpliwość, ponieważ gra może zniechęcić w kilku momentach. I zanim ktoś mi odpowie, że grałem za krótko itp. To odrazu mówię, że w poprzedniej części byłem ""weteranem"", co można sprawdzić. 140 godzin w Tropico 4 i około połowy tego czasu w Tropico 3 (lecz nie na steamie).Jeżeli moja recenzja nie jest profesjonalna, to dlatego, że rzadko to robie."
,Recommended,245620,19098933,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Hexxy,10/10 would nuke russia again.
76561197972263910,Recommended,245620,19007149,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,"Excellent city-building game. Tropico 4 is slightly better, though.9 / 10."
,Recommended,245620,20518082,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Nonsensicole,
76561198206189349,Not Recommended,245620,35424051,Posted: 2 October,all,DwarfLord69,"Tropico 4 was much better, in this game the poilitical system is broken i played a game that went to the cold war and i lost because of the elections, first off im ruling a ♥♥♥♥ing dictatership there should be no elections and secoundly its like most of the people dont care that iv built the entierity of thier city from the palace/ground up its a wast of time trying to fix that before elections because time moves so fast in the game at double speed you cant try to sway peoples disition and regular speed is a snails pace overall feels like a rushed version of tropico 4 i recommend getting that game not this dumpsterfire"
76561198367054543,Recommended,245620,35431733,Posted: 2 October,all,QBear49,Great Game.
76561198168882873,Recommended,245620,35377843,Posted: 1 October,all,[DDS7] INUMING NAGBIBIGAY LAKAS,Very nice
76561198044573399,Not Recommended,245620,16783985,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Razorthorns,After buying this game on Steam I can't even play it because the game launcher doesn't work.  It's complete nonsense that you have to register a game through a second website after buying it through Steam.  BTW it gives you NO LINK to where you need to register! The shear amount of hassles it takes to get this game started makes it not worthy buying.Don't waste your money on this game like I did. You might not ever get to play it even if you do...
,Recommended,245620,13612264,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lycion Streyder,Presidente' Approves again again
76561198040642063,Recommended,245620,24753329,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ribbygreen,"Addicting campaign, as well as sandbox. This is a must if you enjoy historic civilization to modern day development and managing your own country."
76561198054972580,Recommended,245620,21258473,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,CaZ,THIS MY FAV GAME THE END XOXO
76561198152017284,Recommended,245620,24607204,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Makin Bacon,cool i guess
,Recommended,245620,24945930,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ftstani,"This game has pretty much convinced me that it is futile to build an egalitarian society. Even when you have magical bulldozers that can replace shantytowns with apartment complexes with one click, you still get ghetto zones and wealthy districts. Furthermore, I had like an uprising despite having ""semi-voting"" and a free media. I mean I literally have an unlimited budget in this game, and I still get uprisings!? WTF."
,Not Recommended,245620,10216476,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Lil Xan,Terrible...
76561198004925256,Not Recommended,245620,28415170,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ChronicDawn,A step down from 4.
76561198036967810,Recommended,245620,10211353,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Rich,"The game is great fun! A little more of the same Tropico, but with quite a few additions/changes that only become more apparent the longer you play!Money well spent!P.S. The music is gorgeous! Gorgeous I tell you!9/10Edit:Sadly, others seem to have received a different game to the one I received. My copy is enjoyable and really good fun with plenty to do and some really nice additions to the gameplay. My copy is also pretty much bug-free, there is a little bit of a buggy UI when selecting buildings in the Almanac, but other than that it is in very good shape. There are also some items of information missing, such as Mines from the list in the Raw Resources section of the Almanac and how many free slots/total slots available in Residential buildings. These are definitely not game breakers and will probably added in a patch as they shouldn't be difficult to implement. More of an oversight rather than a bug per se.Others though, it seems, have received a game that they are extremely disappointed by...Who's right? Who knows, but I can say that I'll be sinking a lot of hours into Tropico 5!If you do see past the vitriolic comments and give the game a try, not expecting a rehash of Tropico 4, then you won't be disappointed.After all, change is not for everybody."
,Not Recommended,245620,17178723,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,𝓛𝓮𝓽𝓱𝓪𝓵 𝓛𝓸𝓵𝓲𝓽𝓪,oy vey this game does not let you cheat like the last ones
76561198360365754,Recommended,245620,35227271,Posted: 26 September,all,BopItXD,Its sick innit
76561198130216900,Not Recommended,245620,10237870,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,xXKillerXx35,Tropico 5 now this game is fun for a person who never played any tropico or any games by this company i have been playing tropico since the third installment and to be truthful the game feels a lot like it i mean but tropico 5 has better graphics new models of the buildings but to get right down to the bone this game feels EXACTLY like tropico 4 i mean i really love the tropico games but every new one you guys make is just a sort of barely improved i mean yay you get to research and new stuff like that but its not that big now multiplayer i havent played that so i dont know but tropico 5 the way you play it is just like omerta and tropico 4 and 3 the this company needs to take risks by adding new things dynasty mode is not what i thought it would be not at all i mean if people really actually wanna buy this game i recommend to people who never played tropico or any games by this company then maybe it be more exciting but personal in my opinion this game is Tropico 4.5.
,Not Recommended,245620,28110256,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BabyMel,not as good as it looks
,Recommended,245620,10210005,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SyntexToxy,"I played for an hour and just finished the ttutorial. I must say.... a tad bit different from Tropico 4 and a bit confusing. So far I'm not all that much into it, I especially hate that some voice actors have been changed, but ouh well I belive it's gonna be a better experiance once I get used to it all and go into the campaign a bit."
,Not Recommended,245620,29263542,Posted: 14 January,all,Sentry_man,I played the game and started to mess around with the game. Failed an election got bored. Not a whole lot of stuff to do just a bunch of tedious micromangeing. Would not recomend.
,Recommended,245620,26828228,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,astron,"i play for 5 mins, i get invaded, gud gaem"
,Recommended,245620,24835737,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rufus Poppycock,"Not bad. It's 75% off at the moment. For $10-11, can't go wrong. That said, Tropico 4 is better."
,Not Recommended,245620,12629089,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Skempoz,Didn't enjoy the game. It was basically Tropico 4 except I paid way more for this.
76561197978423729,Not Recommended,245620,13128860,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Floyd ^A^,This is so boring I couldn't even stand to finish the tutorial.Controls suck. Graphics look way worse than 3 or 4Wish I wouldn't have second guessed the reviews.
76561198147450670,Recommended,245620,32471532,Posted: 16 June,all,zxzSCARFACEzxz,Amazing game
,Recommended,245620,24803315,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Stephen Paddock,"You start the game at 1am for some reason. You spend 4 hours with two other people, remember there is no offical maps that support 3 players so have a even amount of freinds otheriwse you have to prey to RNGesus that your generated ma[ resources are equaly ballanced otherwise your skype call turns into toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then the toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥turns into to arkward silence and somebody dies because they dont know how to play the game and rebels kills them. Then your entire military stays over on there city and the game thinks you are in battle so you cant build any military buildings. Then you realise it is 5am so you just leave and you never talk  to those freinds again. This game is also♥♥♥♥♥♥without DLCs so you better take your wallet out and accept that you are never getting that money back. 10 / 10"
,Recommended,245620,12458528,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jeremy Ross,It's fun.
,Recommended,245620,12693465,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,ƒinar,El Presidente is back
,Not Recommended,245620,33759760,Posted: 23 July,all,Barbosa706,DLCs kind of too expansive
76561198108414635,Recommended,245620,19348981,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,AlucardX85,why the cheat codes don't work ???????
,Recommended,245620,29239071,Posted: 13 January,all,Mr. Ping,-Buy the game for $25-Play 3 hours-Deciede the game is worth the money spent-Game goes on sale a few days later10/10 would get conned by the steam winter sale again
,Not Recommended,245620,16049080,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,=Gabersen=,m
76561198042827713,Not Recommended,245620,16803331,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Harrow,"As a newbie to Tropico, this game is infuriating. Even after doing the tutorial I have no real clue on how to even stop my economy from being negative, there is no real help whatsoever by the game"
,Not Recommended,245620,16857644,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,klgrlhere,"Didn't work on my computer, which kinda sucked. (I loved Tropico 4 and was so excited for this game *insert sad face*)"
,Not Recommended,245620,15615327,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,"I pre-ordered this game. I'm sorry, my resignation will be in by 5:30."
,Recommended,245620,10213767,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ᵀᴿᴵᴾᴸᴱVIXEN,"For what it's worth, it's pretty enjoyable. Let's get the cons out of the way though: El Presidente customization has been slaughtered, bringing it done to a bare minimum which was really disappointing. The Dynesty system wasn't that intuitive. And the difficulty still isn't much challenging. And there's no WASD support, which is just a pet peeve. Although, the new Era system is actually really interesting. It adds variation that i haven't seen done in my time with Tropico 4 (Which was just one singular era wiithout much deviation) although it feels like there's less buildings for some odd reason. Still, the game is very enjoyable for what it's worth. I reccomened this game decently. Oh, and multiplayer was ♥♥♥♥ed right off the bat, so still have to see that."
76561198032291174,Recommended,245620,19870193,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,WazzaOz,A lot of fun...
,Not Recommended,245620,17643579,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,NAZICAMPUR45,"whos know people need directX 11 and directX 11 capable graphic for launch this game?thats mean i cat play this game,if i know i need directX11,i will not buy this game"
76561197993487400,Not Recommended,245620,28768238,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sadistic Savior,"Unless you plan on playing a military dictator, this game is pointless. Rebels appear all the time (even if your happiness is maxed) and are made of adamantium, while your own forces are made of tissue paper. If you really want to play Tropico, try Tropic 4. It's a much better game."
,Recommended,245620,14886118,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jmh1000,MULTIPLAYER>
,Recommended,245620,10211010,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,L. Ron H |LRH|,Absolutely Fabulous Game! Does impress!RECCOMMEND!!
,Recommended,245620,10211760,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Beardtrick,"Apparently goats make excellent messenger! They do, however, eat everything around them... including the message."
76561198002133297,Recommended,245620,10211553,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Dr Fapper,"Buy it..Just buy it. :D AWESOME game, if you loved tropico 4 you will fall in love all over again with the franchise."
,Recommended,245620,22194229,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Shock,Super man Dies at the end of the movie
76561198092681758,Recommended,245620,13496968,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Mason Hawthorne,Hello I was wondering if anyone could help me out and tell me if when you bought the game made ur kalypso account when I launch tropico 5 it crashes instantly i emailed kalypso 3 days ago mfor a fix they still have no replied and i cant find any fixes on youtube this is really frustating because i just payed 17 pound for a game i cant play andwas wondering if someone could help me out Help me plz
,Not Recommended,245620,10236532,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,discogeek71,"I'm going to bet the drawbacks to the game are handled in a future patch.  Right now, couldn't recommend buying this game though.  GUI is tough to scrape out details you want (e.g., can't tell the education level of your workers, just your unemployed).  Load game doesn't work.  Sandbox mode is exactly the same as the campaign mode.  Can't map your camera to your own buttons, have to use the arrow keys which feels awkward.  Lots and lots of little things that hopefully will be fixed in the next weeks or months to make this game as good as the series.  For now, I'm going back to Tropico 4..."
76561197978041004,Recommended,245620,10214912,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,NutCustard,Played for 6 hours + today. Love the game
76561198127489770,Not Recommended,245620,13644800,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,louieidontknow,I bought it when it was $30 i want a refund
,Recommended,245620,29259131,Posted: 14 January,all,EmperorAdam,This game is really good.
76561198011858917,Not Recommended,245620,32895482,Posted: 27 June,all,Seddrik,"Game play is not as complex as some sims, but fun.The naration is funny when its not being SUPER long winded and just plain filthy and obscene and I completely turn it off.And the game repeatedly crashes (no mods, sandbox mode) on a good computer just after entering the 4th era and following the ocean office/apartment missions.  Meh.Biggest challenge is solved by starting your houses at lowest budget and all businesses at highest.  Over time work your housing budgets up.  The rest is easy to figure out (except the crashes).Over all, I would recommend the game if not for the nasty language and crashing."
,Recommended,245620,22994633,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,CamelFarmer,"casual sim, its fun"
,Not Recommended,245620,31879865,Posted: 21 May,all,meZaLuna,i am still dont undersstand how to finish the nuclear mission
,Recommended,245620,25503556,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Dewittejager,good game
76561198151269952,Recommended,245620,14754020,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,KreepyCrawley,"Bought the 4-pack special for 41.99 and tax. ONLY got Tropico 5.... NO DLC. Can't contact steam because they have terrible customer service, no phone number. Tried logging into steam support.. login not found ? Tried recovering password.. login no found... tried to register account... an account is already registered with that emailWTF steam."
,Not Recommended,245620,34995650,Posted: 16 September,all,fuj,Pad control is weired.
76561198079584854,Not Recommended,245620,14964649,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,sidvizag,Does not work on win 8..crap..
76561198027944360,Recommended,245620,11947375,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Dracon,"Great game, diffrent aproach to show dictatorship on tropico, game fell more realistic than others part. Progressing time era, constitution and trade system (in my opinion best part of tropico) allow you have much more fun. Rebels hide in society, you need to use police to discover them, its much harder game than tropico 4. Multiplayer is also not that bad. I hope they will release some big updates like they did with tropico 4!"
76561198094107365,Recommended,245620,25232752,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,{Der ~ KommissaR} DE,Great game. Only thing would have been better not to always switch island
,Not Recommended,245620,17930477,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ZulzZ,"Bollox game, i really didnt find any enjoyment with this game, now its just there on my steam games list to forever remind of this impulsive failure buy that it was."
,Not Recommended,245620,17201247,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tasmanian,"Boring stuff. Poor interface, resource control etc... It's just like a casual game, not an economic strategy."
76561198037261985,Not Recommended,245620,29132945,Posted: 8 January,all,KAARU,To many glitched and bugs. Online doesnt even work.
76561198254118117,Recommended,245620,34087976,Posted: 7 August,all,Frederick II,build catholic church in a protestant country 10/10
76561198019961071,Not Recommended,245620,15614790,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,lordcrekit,Better than simcity
,Recommended,245620,29269537,Posted: 15 January,all,Inyourfuture,this game is full of colors and the graphics good too
,Recommended,245620,29643201,Posted: 1 February,all,Shahrukh Parvez,Best Tycoon game ever!!
76561198037747781,Not Recommended,245620,19031379,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,NershMan,"Does not work on either of my systems due to constant graphic errors.  Steam refuses to give me a refund.  Too bad, I was looking forward to playing this too."
76561198002355790,Recommended,245620,13932640,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,bananaSplif,Too much dlcs.
76561198147335156,Not Recommended,245620,19089697,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,WomboCombo,The game is pretty hard to play. The rules are confusing and theres lilttle to incentivize playing...Overall very subpar for a video game in the 201X era.
,Not Recommended,245620,19086082,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Kyle,"My game just glitches out, and nothing renders, i have a 16GB pc and all that other jazz, something just sucks"
,Recommended,245620,23931966,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,45_undercover,Great Donald Trump simulator i rate a 7/11
76561198190547930,Recommended,245620,24647412,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,I am Heavy,"Vote for El Presidente, or else..."
,Recommended,245620,35342115,Posted: 30 September,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
76561198393627317,Not Recommended,245620,32572270,Posted: 19 June,all,diemar+*****,"It became boring, fast. No real depth."
,Recommended,245620,33035856,Posted: 30 June,all,Luskeus,"Very gud ga,e"
76561198117029055,Not Recommended,245620,22966887,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Zambie3,I can't even make a new dynasty!!! THIS GAME IS F-ING BROKEN!!!! DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,245620,29241785,Posted: 13 January,all,ShmooliKipod,"Shame,This game is very funny, and the graphic is nice.My issue with it:-	there is no tutorial about how play the game-	what each building do-	what are the relations between the buildings?-	What should be the build progress to get to specific buildingIt all seems like just drop it on the ground and see what happens, and that is a shame…"
,Not Recommended,245620,33303458,Posted: 6 July,all,orijinaol es fuk,"nah mate just buy cities skylines,tropico 4 or simcity"
76561198136072271,Recommended,245620,15017145,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Teralitha,"Played this game on the free weekend and I found it to be quite enjoyable, so I bought it.    I never played any Tropico game before and I decided to also buy the 4th.  The mechanics are considerably different.  My experience playing 5 didnt help me much it was like learning a new game.  Once I beat 5 I will go back and play through 4."
76561198031835868,Recommended,245620,10210062,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,aleksander1234,a great game  but you run out of money to quickly
76561198097644296,Recommended,245620,17203808,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sir. Arthur,"I jump in to my computer and start my new game tropico*Hopes that it will be awsome*I behold my eyes and i jump with the cry of awsomeness.*Plays for the Whole day*Ok time to do my homework after this Little detail.*plays for 2 hours *Ok after this buillding i will do my homework.*looks at the cloock*  Oh damm i gota do my home work now its 12 am, after i put down this rebelion* Plays some more,then looks at cloock 4am*ok i will do my home work after i sleep for an hour.*wakes up and gose to school*and then teacher ask for my home work........ um ....(Repeats the same thing the following week)20/10 ( 200% Extreamly adicting )"
76561198212980616,Not Recommended,245620,14666218,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,normamartin,"Bought the game, then found I needed a new greaphics card, and ram...bought those, paid for a tech to  install them..and the game goes to the  main page,and that is as far as it goes..what a rip off"
,Recommended,245620,10211679,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,⭐ LKRTM1874 ⭐,"Best in the series so far. Already hooked. Throw all of your money at this game if you're into city building/ strategy games!Update: The problem with Tropico 3 and 4 was that once you played the game for 50 hours or so, you knew exactly what to do (for me it was a mix of tourism and cannery's) With the era's attition, the gameplay is drastically changed every so often, I tried using my colonial era strategy in the World Wars era... Axis invades, my palace collapses and the game is over. I've played 20 hours now and have only got to the last era once... then lost the elections.As I previously said, throw all of your money at this game 10/10"
76561198106290494,Not Recommended,245620,23193999,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Squarebox64,no dank you
,Not Recommended,245620,33117723,Posted: 1 July,all,Im Going To Eat You,How dare you break my game for the console peasents
76561197960791354,Not Recommended,245620,17210504,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Febreze Wizward,... bad
76561197993643809,Not Recommended,245620,22902049,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cardboard Decoy,"Very solid, but kind of unnervingly repetative. That and the theme, while pretty catchy and somewhat funny at first, wore increasingly thin at record speeds.I get it, I'm Castro/Pol Pot/Hitler, w/e. I dunno, maybe I don't get off on the whole anti-hero thing as much as I thought I did.  This game exists in the uncanny-vally of villain games, in the dip between, say, Laharl from Disgaea and the Keeper from Dungeon Keeper. Sadism is fun and all but this was just sort of churlish."
76561198157497300,Recommended,245620,23820887,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mythic,Great
76561198029283162,Recommended,245620,10210198,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Keyven,No connection to multiplayer.
76561198104672103,Recommended,245620,14954579,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,smellyfish6,YAAAAAAAAAA GREAT GAME NO THINGS ABOUT IT JUST GET IT NOW!!!!
,Recommended,245620,25291508,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jaime,Great! :)
76561198023457849,Recommended,245620,28417675,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,nWo4Life,Best Donald Trump Simulator available.
76561198194095886,Not Recommended,245620,30363276,Posted: 6 March,all,ShadowCaster,"It was fun for a while, but it got WAY to hard, and I was on the easiest settings... bruh."
,Recommended,245620,12467417,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Soviet_Wrath,good game little bit harder then 4 but its worth it
,Recommended,245620,23313448,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Toni980,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░█░░░░░░░░░████▄▄▄▀░░▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░████▄▄▄░░░░░░░█░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,245620,10209213,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SpuZz,"Good game, a vast improvement to the previous game :)"
76561198026592654,Not Recommended,245620,33130076,Posted: 2 July,all,zunxunz,Another game that has succumbed to consolification terror. Controls are horrible now.
,Recommended,245620,10211995,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,cool droneo,"i was on island,tropical vananayis a bitch,. i hope she dies....... 7/10 i killedmultiplayer broke/10,,,,,,,,,,,"
,Recommended,245620,12690684,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
76561198017122171,Recommended,245620,24913875,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Thunderhun,- Bought Tropico 5- Lost my job and family- Emigrated to Cuba- Joined the Revolúción- Became El Presidente10/10 would do it again.
76561198348320566,Not Recommended,245620,28008583,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,eKamran,"Didn't liked the way game works for mac, poor camera angles & support.Didn't found it interesting even though this got some good politics stuff in a city builder sim."
76561198121604117,Recommended,245620,27980844,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CASAS society.gg,cool
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,245620,13233710,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Pretty disappointing. It promises a lot, but mostly fails to deliver on those promises. It suffers from a clear lack of beta testing and ""sanity checks"". Rebels will attack you when you have a high approval rating, rum factories somehow outprofit basically every other possible option, and your factory workers will go on strike despite loving their jobs. Let's just keep hoping that eventuallly they'll get their priorities straight and release a Tropico as good as the concept suggests it could be."
76561198072535417,Recommended,245620,23781656,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Beanstalker,Good :)
76561198054805078,Not Recommended,245620,32759449,Posted: 25 June,all,Skark18,Rebel scum
76561198099478839,Not Recommended,245620,23291989,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,zhou1997,Bad
,Recommended,245620,23810555,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,nesaMDoom,It's ♥♥♥♥ing Tropico.
76561198067678781,Recommended,245620,16526641,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vinh Thanh,7/10
76561198093653034,Not Recommended,245620,22120095,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,dochmacph,i hate white people like you
76561198114964412,Not Recommended,245620,32564186,Posted: 19 June,all,brianjosephritter,Too buggy. Unplayable on a Macbook Pro.
,Not Recommended,245620,16709980,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,KINGDEATHMORE,this game sucks. END OF STORYI  dont feel like righting everything.I wish I could get a refund.....
76561198012218021,Recommended,245620,18052865,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BillyH,Cant go wrong with Tropico series.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As all ways wanna see what games I am playing now then follow and view my stream @twitch.tv/spitroasted
,Recommended,245620,22961315,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"https://youtu.be/CqXt9ykUQ50Above is Part I of a strategy guid for Tropico 5.  Tropico 5, in my opinion, is the culmination of the series and a refined product that takes the best parts of the series and expands them whilst getting rid of the parts of the series that were often annoying.    If you liked the previous Tropico games you will love this one....if you've never played Tropico games before this is the best and only one you need!For fullscreen and more videos please visit:http://www.youtube.com/c/LittleMacscorner"
76561197985518365,Not Recommended,245620,31047600,Posted: 9 April,all,boulti,camera rotates way to fast and it cant be changed. For me game is unplayable dont buy
76561197981446012,Not Recommended,245620,12646500,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Costarring,Can't recommend a game with paid DLC in mind.
76561198037001575,Not Recommended,245620,26366836,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Gammar51,"Welcome to tropico where I your BENEVOLENT Presdedente decide to give you all high wages, great jobs, strong military, great entertainment, and much more. Now i ask why are you trying to kill me?!"
76561198190163407,Not Recommended,245620,29512540,Posted: 26 January,all,Ebud1216,do not buy this game becuse all you do is click and click and click and drag
76561198073726484,Recommended,245620,29243204,Posted: 14 January,all,lundensaren,I purchased a game so why do I keep getting offers for some other stupid game when I start like Tropico is a free game!!Annoys me!!
76561198310289724,Recommended,245620,29246284,Posted: 14 January,all,nfaveter3r,good
,Not Recommended,245620,10209094,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,The Root Of All Evil,"First Impressions:Tropico seems to suffer the reversed curse of Windows / Star Trek.The even numbers are great, the odd numbers...not so much.And why? It's the characterisation. Penultimo is competent and not the snivelling cowardly sycophant he needs to be and there's a Juanita replacement called Lucy - who is just as annoying.While 4 had wonderful cariactures, 3 and 5 have ""realistic"" characters - who just don't suit the game. All across the game there are fingermarks of designers saying ""But we should say this is bad"" - which really hurt the immersion.For instance, you can choose to have an Atheist Constitution while wearing a Fedora. While this is relevant in the 21st Century, the idea of Atheism would be far more abhorrent to the Crown than simple Independence - especially if you then join the Nazis.A better option would be to have a choice between Catholicism, Animism (Witch Doctors) and Godhood (El Presidente is God himself) - same choice, far better game immersion.Is it better than 4? No.Tropico works best when it's lampooning reality - this feels like the FOX NEWS History Channel when it should always be the Muppets.Secondary views:Nope - this is plain awful. There's swathes of this game that are borderline offensive and it's removed everything that 4 took from 3. I can't recommend it in good faith. Just a badly written game.TL;DR: A cynical pitch into brofist territory with pretty graphics and multiplayer hiding a fundamentally broken game."
76561198070985798,Recommended,245620,13636802,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Nevin,I like these kinds of games. But I have yet to see one the had just an overall good flow. Still a good game for below 10$I give it a 6 and a half out of 10.
76561198017284715,Not Recommended,245620,12619335,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Beakling,"Preordered for me and my brother.Tried to play on the opening day.Servers were overloaded and could not play.Waited a week, finally was able to log in.5 Minutes in, game would lag like crazy (We both have gaming rigs that can play BF4 and similar games really well.)Waited some time for a patch, no fix.Waited for another patch and tried to find any help on forums or on the developers website. No help.Another patch came out, still same terrible lag issue and unplayable.Tried so many times so many different ways, played many hours of this game, have never finished 1 round.Do not think I ever will either, completely dissatisfied, and will never buy a Kalypso product again."
76561198030722073,Recommended,245620,11741031,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ちゅるやさん,"""The Big Cheese"" DLCSUMOCHI DAISUKI! SUMOCHI BANZAI!"
76561198223867076,Not Recommended,245620,34731322,Posted: 4 September,all,Squid v2,tropico 5 I'm calling out to publishers why do you want to translate your language to turkish language do you want to make turkish language so hard do you hear the intervention or you will lose a lot of money.
,Not Recommended,245620,23388922,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,professional meme dealer,This game is as bad as Donald Trumps Hairline.
,Recommended,245620,33003670,Posted: 29 June,all,Redav 威尼斯 ♥,:D
,Recommended,245620,11028108,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,HOUSE STARK,HelloWho has the note or suggestion welcome
,Not Recommended,245620,35169505,Posted: 23 September,all,boog,what an awful sequel to a great game
76561198029818396,Not Recommended,245620,14204861,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,GrenadesAndHamm,Try Tropico 4 instead.  This game is pretty much the same in my opinion.  Got bored of it quickly.
76561198039284099,Recommended,245620,28030176,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Evil Cheese: Oh so Cheesey,"After seeing the true legacy of Fidel Castro, f**k this game, this is such an exteremly controversial game, but one that is well exicuted and  very fun, f**k the premise of this game, but well done on making a good game."
,Not Recommended,245620,17547253,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,blakus,bought Tropico 5 4-Pack thinking it was going to be all the DLC's and thinking anything else that might come out... it's not.. thanks for explaining that... why the hell would i buy a game and want 4 copies!!!!!!!!!!!! d.i.c.ks!
,Not Recommended,245620,29214478,Posted: 12 January,all,erikb85,Doesn't start on my Windows 8 computer. Doesn't say why.
76561198115556821,Not Recommended,245620,31384422,Posted: 26 April,all,das boot,It is only black screen! Doesn't work on windows and linux box. Just waste of money.
,Recommended,245620,25475632,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Shazam,it's pretty good I must say
,Not Recommended,245620,29173971,Posted: 10 January,all,bmartino1,BROKEN GAME SUPORT REFUSES TO FIX!....
76561198118062096,Recommended,245620,16730895,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,HotBoi good scrotum,"No comment, pero FAKE AND GAY!"
76561198135021443,Not Recommended,245620,10209780,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,vijnana,I download it and it won't play.
,Not Recommended,245620,29611306,Posted: 31 January,all,kool.kevin2006,This game sucks.
76561198012034638,Not Recommended,245620,10209770,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,gafgalron992,unplayable for me atm. the menues are fine but when I start the game I get big black bars flashing at all different angles. no fixes listed. I love the series but this is bull crap
76561198254499695,Not Recommended,245620,28777479,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,xXTurtleLoverXx,me dislike
76561198007403139,Not Recommended,245620,10210337,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DIRTY TURD,Graphics seem to be bugged up for me.  Can see about 60% clear and the rest of the cells are white outted.  Wish I could get my money back.  Hopefully they fix it.I own them all and was very excited for this game.  This is painful to write.
76561198158282746,Not Recommended,245620,33207836,Posted: 3 July,all,Daniel J. Cohen,"BORING, CAN'T UNDERSTANG THE GAME..."
76561198053500963,Not Recommended,245620,23769539,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Conway1122,Exactly the same as Tropico 4
76561198290671595,Not Recommended,245620,23905865,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,lol I'm shit at CS,Complte canceeer cod is better I dont know whay any ♥♥♥♥♥♥ would by this game 9/11 ign
76561198000673492,Not Recommended,245620,28019678,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,!!Science!!,Doesn't Work for Linux. Patch your game before setting it on sale.
,Not Recommended,245620,24840990,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nick crompton csgoroll.com,SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,245620,10209778,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Massiv Igel,"It seems to me it is way more casual, e.g. a tavern now has no visiters anymore it is just there and does buff happines.... lame , the tendence is like everywhere else make it moe casual so more stupid ppl can play your game and fans turn away.First thing i just compared is the dictator creating screen. in Trpico 4 you still could choose between a ton of traits wich actual influenced your char but now you just make him look nice :( .I will compare more thigns i think but i will have to play both games again and look it up :) so be patient.♥♥♥♥ing game industry !!!!!!!"
76561198012044442,Not Recommended,245620,10209059,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Fix,c'ant play the game!!!! just one big black glitches
,Not Recommended,245620,23821307,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Fred Durst and Limp Bizkit,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,245620,24837079,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Golem,I bought the complete collection for $40. One day later it is on sale for $10. 11/10
76561198012856284,Not Recommended,245620,32687268,Posted: 23 June,all,Agent of Terror,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198221986892,Not Recommended,245620,23721047,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,FOOD FIGHTER,really this game sucks just starting it is to hard i recommend getting a game like prison architect or city skylines because it is easy to start and play.
,Recommended,245620,30387108,Posted: 8 March,all,Gio,This game is only worth it if is on sale. But I do enjoy the game if I have nothing to do.
76561198064049272,Recommended,245620,10334674,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Skankyp0ops55,"Good concepts yet by not allowing you to play multiplayer in a much slower rate other than what seems like a year, every few seconds of gameplay, and not being allowed to save the game during multiplayer make for a major dissappointment with the game. And without the multiplayer lets face it the game is the same game since tropico 4 and 3.Thank you For fixing the multiplayer speeds!"
,Not Recommended,245620,10381551,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,NewageDNE,"Before proceeding, let me tell you this, this will be long and I will try to point out why I didn't like Tropico 5 in detail, if you want the resumed version just check it in the end.To start it off, I didn't enjoy Tropico 5 like I did with Tropico 4, really, it is FAR worst than 4, the humor is way more childish, voice actors changed for your loyal Penultimo that sounds nothing like him and honestly makes him far more boring and, worst of all, the story is just... lame. It felt like it was written in a rush, making it simple with a more than disapointing ending.BUT the game isn't compleatly bad, the mechanic is far more challenging and the era things aswell as the multiplayer are both good, which makes the game enjoyable. Sadly the game doesn't explain many of its new concepts, making it confusing and really frustrating, you'll have to dedicate a good while just checking each screen the game has to fully understand how everything in it works.Tropico 5 also adds a limit to your total population, making your growth stop at a rather bad point, max 2000 people, you'll start to feel such effects of a limited population way before too, at around 900. Some structures feel useless too, such as the subway and the garage, both say they'll increase the efficiency of nearby houses, but they don't really change.Speaking of apparently useless structures, many buildings have an awful tooltip, lacking explanation for how it works. During my first plays I made factory ranches, an upgraded version of ranches and then suddenly it stopped producing. I searched, read the tooltip again and again, checked efficiency, everything seemed normal, only after a lot of frustration I checked the forums to find out it required a supply of corn.Some new concepts are also interesting, but really badly planned out, such as the manager for buildings and dynasty members. Both should help you improve your buildings and offer some sort of use, but they really feel useless, it is REALLY had to see a change in a building with managers. Your dynasty members are basicly that too, improved managers and frankly nothing else. You could also see your swiss bank account has a new use, improving your dynasty members, which isn't that hard and after a while you just say ♥♥♥♥ it to the swiss bank account.Speaking of dynasty members, you can customize them and your character, but frankly? Customization is just AWFUL compared to Tropico 4. Meager 4 or 5 suits which you won't EVER see as your characters are really, really small. Remember how you had to use your presidente for all sort of things? Boosting constructions, moving him to make speeches, help improve a building, you actualy cared for the character and tried to keep track of him. In Tropico 5 you make and forget about him, what is the point of following him if he won't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can't control him either.Lastly, upgrades are now boring, really boring. In Tropico 4 you could upgrade something and it would change visually, even if it was a small detail it was a change and it was fun! You could see you had improved that building! In Tropico 5 nothing changes, absolutly nothing, I forgot how many times I ♥♥♥♥ed up because I forgot to upgrade a building because I had NO idea what was and what was not upgraded at that point.Resuming: Tropico 5 is not Tropico 4, see it as a different, harder and way more rushed version of it, otherwise you won't get to enjoy it and YOU WILL be frustrated."
,Recommended,245620,10383034,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Samir,"Game is good, still have glitched road where car drop off person and that car block off road, as game get more complex it starts to fail when it comes 2 economy. other then that is good game, i was hopping for better less glitchy preformance for good company as this one is."
76561198007602469,Recommended,245620,10384476,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Neo Atlantis,I feel this is definitely better than the 1st game. The Dynasty system is interesting that you can 'swap out' what ever buff you want active that your dynasty member has. The military aspect is better as well as there seems to be a feel of more direct control over your army and you have tanks and planes now! XD.  Being able to trade with different countries is cool too. I do miss the prisons and being able to imprison your political opponents though like some other reviewers mentioned. Probably will happen on a dlc or something. Overall though this incarnation of Tropico is the best one!
76561198031410179,Recommended,245620,10387597,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,webryder,"Love it!Great music, great graphics, great gameplay, lots of fun!"
,Recommended,245620,10377923,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Pablosky101,Its a very fun game!
76561198045641496,Recommended,245620,10378450,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Batata ;D,awsome game.. !!! :)))THANK YOU
,Recommended,245620,10400093,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Kumbhakarna,"I have tank, cigars, and rum11/10"
,Recommended,245620,10400143,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,_6spooky9me_,Love The Tropico Series If You Think About Passing This One The Don't Because It Is Different Than Tropico 4
76561198067687921,Recommended,245620,10213130,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Mele Kalikimaka,"amazing game, but what do you expect. its tropico of course"
76561198050719425,Not Recommended,245620,10424826,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,TheWizard,"OMFG what a pure PoS. Attacks without warning and somehow there are magically 4 enemies that stick together attacking your  island while your squads try to take them all on 1 at a time and your guys get wiped out. Rebels appear out of nowhere also. Tanks will not even go to the battles unless the enemies are rather close. Total waste of my time.Economy side and building up of industries is sort of fun, but after spending 6 hours building your place up it only takes 3 rebel squads to wipe out my palace and game over. ♥♥♥♥ that."
76561198025701675,Not Recommended,245620,10266426,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Bhun,"Do not buy this game for the multiplayer at this time.You CAN NOT SAVE the game ... ( if MP worked properly you'd die from dehydration)You CAN NOT CONTROL THE GAME SPEED at all ... (you can not go take a dump)The GAME SPEED IS CONTROLLED BY THE SERVER ... (it just randomly throttles and slows down)There is NO MULTIPLAYER WITHOUT USING THE KALYPSO server ... (no LAN MP)There's a lot of weird bugs that are sort of survivable in single player since you have more control over the game.MP is really predictable, it's simply waiting for one of the players to not keep up with the server (due to whatever) and have all the other players just drop off randomly to whatever reason (except their gameplay)."
,Recommended,245620,10266729,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Snebbik,"If you've ever played a Tropico game and enjoyed it, then you need to get Tropico 5 immediately. It is by far the best one out of the series. If you've never played a Tropico game before then this is the one you should start with. I can honestly say I will probably never play any of the previous Tropico's after playing Tropico 5. It has everything you loved from earlier installments, and adds a lot of improvements to the gameplay."
76561198022186814,Recommended,245620,10267659,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,ebrainer1,"This game is darn near flawless, par for the course from Haemmont and Kalypso. Every single new feature fits right into place without feeling glued onto the outside, the humorously written text has propelled the individual characters straight into a special place in my heart, and my god, the graphics are to die for as far as simulation games go. The developers behind Tropico 5 have absolutely mastered the art of the game sequel, building while at the same time reshaping, trimming while also streamlining, much like the skills required of a good political leader.I am happy to dole out 40 clams in order to play this new iteration of the classic formula, one which will certainly become a classic in the future."
76561197993052239,Not Recommended,245620,10268151,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,dawgamims,"I'm honestly not sure what the problem is. I'm running this on a computer with Windows 7, an nvidia 560, a 6 core AMD phantom processor, and 8 gigs of RAM. But this game runs literally about 1 frame per 5 seconds. It's unplayable. If I can get it to work or if I figure out what the problem is, I'll update this review."
76561198058678911,Recommended,245620,10242878,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,GoFix,"OH, how nice. Much of the same, but with new dimensions, and good graphics. I have enjoyed the first 20 hours.Quotations are replaced by historical facts. I miss the insightful transcripts. That was fun."
,Recommended,245620,10268325,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Medieval Nerd,"Finally a meaningful update to the series which isn't in forms of additional buildings or edicts. The 'era system' feel like a nice change, and gives the game a political upgrade for each era. Start as a governer, then deal with the Allies & Axis during World Wars, etc.The research system is a nice addition which breathes life into the series. Perhaps it feels a bit light, but it's a change that most people who like the series will surely embrace. Hopefully we'll get more of it down the road.The new Constitution system completements the Edict system quite nicely. Although I've experienced some strange effects from the constitutional options, it does give you power to shape your regime to your linking.The new Trade system allows you to set up contracts with the existing world powers and supplement your income. I was a bit taken aback how people are more keen on exporting than importing, but I still managed to score some really good contracts which greatly increased the value of the trade goods.Although the era system is a nice addition, I was a bit sad to see that if you finished your era faster than intended. The next era warps you to a set start date. So there are gaps in your timeline which would have been nice to simply allow you to progress through eras at your own pace without messing with the date.The family system is interesting, but takes away of the more expansive good/bad trait system of previous games. I was also a bit sad to see that rulers didn't really seem to age, and for some extremely odd reason my first daughter/son's avatar had super wrinkly faces as if they were in their 80's. Made me laugh more than it was annoying.To my fellow micromanagers out there, there is some form of streamlining to parts of the game. You no longer control wages and instead set the budget of a building which will in turn chage the level of income of it's employees. (poor, rich, etc.) I was a bit disapointed in that, since you could have interesting income discrepencies and use it to keep people loyal. Now that bulding effiency is also tied into the budget, you might end up wanting to put everything at max budget just to get the efficiency increase.The new Almenac generally does a good job at giving decent oversight of your island and it's various statistcal information. Wealth, politcal factions, etc. They took a step away from having little people icons and went for a name/value based list. This allows for greater insight with less clicks, but it's a bit less cute. I'll take the better oversight instead.I've never really played scenarios so I can't really comment on that, but the sandbox is quite fun to play with. And the new constitution system can lead to perhaps a greater replay value to try and use the various options which aren't all politically correct. :)If you liked the previous Tropicos but was left feeling like it wasn't ever adding anythign new to the series, well they finally hammered the nail on the head with this one! Spent 13 hours on it the very first weekend I got it, and I see myself trying it out a few more times! Worth it!"
76561198011097599,Recommended,245620,10268374,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Sir Thomas,Tropico 5 really sets itself apart from the rest of the Tropico series. It shows how much the game itself has evolved with many new vital features. It shows you what it is really like to be a dictator (well sorta) and how easy it is to run a country! (well not really)
76561198012746692,Recommended,245620,10269415,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,The Merry Marquis,"Whilst officially a sequal to the Tropico franchise, the game iteslf feels at times more like a reboot with the amount of changes made. Nonetheless, all changes made feel for the better and while the game istself is not without bugs as of launch, it seems to run fine overall.The dynasty system is well implemented and gives an incentive for multiple playthroughs . The fact that your fully upgraded dynasty can be used in multiplayer matches helps add an interesting, even competetive dynamic to things. Though multiplayer itself could use a bit of polish (but, as it is the first time it has been implemented in the franchise, it gets a pass).Military units and buildings have been changed significantly, as have the way battles work. Your military units are no longer simply all the soldiers on your island, but a select number of ""squads"" whose numbers and types are based on the functioning military building on the island. There is also the added feature of changing targets in battle, leading rebels, uprisings, mutinous soldiers, and even invasion forces (which may now be fought off, albiet only with a strong military) to choose muliple, and differing target during an engagement, eventually leading up to an attack on your palace. However, the introduction of tanks and a Tropican air force allow new methods of handling those who are not staisfied with your benevolent rule.The singleplayer game is much more challenging and dynamic than in the past, as well as much longer. The eras not only extend the length of the average sandbox game, but also make it so that at no point can you get too comfortable with dealing with economic and political situations (a problem that made prior games quickly become dull). Each era has its own issues to address, but also new ways to address them (and previous problems). For instance, the colonial period is more or less a race against the clock to declare independence before your gubernatorial mandate expires, while the Cold War will see you plunged into a tug-of-war between the US and USSR, with Tropico serving as the rope.Gone, however, are the humorous election speeches and dozen or so characters that made the humor of the old games stand out. That is not to say that the humor is absent, but don't expect it to not be as omnipresent as in previous titles, as more focus seems to have been put into new mechanics and gameplay, and less on hiring VA's for voicework.Another issue is the lack of customization options as of launch. The new customization screen for your dynasty allows you to alter the outfits and appearance of your up to seven dynasty members, allowing for greater variety and reflection of whatever imposed personalities you dictate (no pun intended), this even includes cusstomizing the color of said outfits, a completely new customization option from previous games. However, as of launch, there appears to be barely (if even) seven outfit choices for male and female characters. This is gratly disappointing compared to previous titles in the series, which allowed for a variety of possibilites in the look and feel of characters.Also of note is that while the graphical style of the game has been altered somewhat from Tropico 3 and 4, do not expect too much improvement. Buildings look to be rendered at about the same quality as before, as do the enviornments and characters. This may be because of the scheduled Xbox 360 launch (they had to keep it within the limits of the console most likely). Though one notable improvement graphically is the inclusion of a grid overlay, which makes city planning much easier and more efficident.All in all, Tropico 5 (or simply ""Tropico,"" according to the title screen) is a new direction for the series, with several new feartures added and refined. Yet all these many changes seem to be for the better overall, alowing for a more dynamic and challenging experience whilst still maintaining the overall humor and atmosphere of previous titles. A bit of polish and refinement is needed, but it will most likely be covered in coming patches. It is disappointing that many options for buildings and customization shall likely be held back for DLC purposes, but thus is the way of our times.I give them game four out of five stars, for its number of (good) changes, but leaving one for the necessity of minor AI fixes and lack of certain promised features (like encountering tribes) and for a significant lack of building types compared to prior titles like Tropico 4 ( a disappointing things for a ""city-builder""). I highly recommend this title for any fans of the Tropico series, and also as a good starting point for those who have yet to play but show interest in the franchise. Overall, a strong entry into this classic series that serves as a breadth of fresh air.Here's to a New Dawn in Tropico!Viva El Presidente!With all respect thusly owed,His Excellency"
,Recommended,245620,10240474,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Chris1237,"Very Good game, feels exactly like Tropico should, however it is so different to its predecessors, which makes you feel as though you are playing a new game, not a recycled one such as Tropico 4 was from Tropico 3. Definitely recommend."
76561198007320393,Recommended,245620,10781225,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,FatesDemise,A game I keep coming back to. It really is a great game and alot of fun.
,Recommended,245620,10668720,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,natesobol,Compact Review: Tropico 5 is a lot like Tropico 4 with a few more features. The dynasty and era progression is pretty interesting. Game lasts a bit longer.
,Recommended,245620,10669432,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ManicXS,Tropico 5 was a massive improvement over Tropico 4. Can't wait to see some DLC.
,Recommended,245620,10671175,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Insanity Steve,Really fun easy to play and has good humor to it.
,Recommended,245620,10720155,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Silver el YEET,"Much dictator, very dynasty. Such trade, much user friendly. Very overhaul. Such recommend."
76561198055500056,Recommended,245620,10725274,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SpaceWarrior17,Tropico 5 is a great sequel to Tropico 4 as it takes a giant leap into new game mechanics. However the game is coated with multiple bugs which take away the enjoyment of the game. For example teamsters have a tendancy to become lazy and not deliver goods which causes massive recessions in Tropico. Even though they patch the game the bug still exists but not as bad as it was at pre-patch.Overall i would give it a 7/10 with the bugs without the bugs it would be a 8.5/10
76561198006551332,Not Recommended,245620,10685129,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gryn,I love the Tropico series but the latest version (Tropico 5) feels that it is missing content. I'll plan to revisit the game after it's been patched and some DLC that would add to the game is out.
76561198055392163,Not Recommended,245620,10686393,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Torpedofive,"The gameplay and general style of the game are all very good, but rebellions occur far too easily and seem nearly impossible to avoid and this makes the game tedious."
,Recommended,245620,10690433,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nate Urbs,Another great addition to the series. Really fun game.
,Not Recommended,245620,10231866,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,10Snipershot,Tropico 5.... well its a good game it adds on to what Tropico 4 had and has many of other features but one thing ruins it all atleast for me... The DLC they had an option to pay 1-10$s more in prepurches (forget the exact number) to get a DLC which would come out later. Why ....would you even PLAN a DLC before the game is realsed update it for FREE we already bought the damn game... a great example is what the developers for Pixel Piracy said about DLC and why they wont do it.: but a HUGE and COMPLETELY FREE sort of DLC. I won't cash inon your good will by making quick and dirty DLC for games. That means noPIRATE PACK 1-7 that cost 1$ each.You get what you paid for and if we make something after it's done you don'tpay for it again.::::::::::::::::::Overrall dont buy the game unless you want to spend 50 dollors on DLC that just adds 1-2 buildings for each DLC
,Recommended,245620,10736259,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,도치군,This is pretty good :)
,Recommended,245620,10736929,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ahri Safari,You are a president of a tropical coutry and are playing Sim City.
,Recommended,245620,10738521,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,notoffred,"Quite fun. Kalypso has worked hard to work out the bugs from the initial release. Points system sandbox games bring both a challenge and a way to easily manage the length of time you're playing. I'd only like a ""continue"" button on the campaign. That would save me from having to load one of ten or more identically named dynasties."
,Recommended,245620,10760479,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,CURIOSITY RUUUUDYYYY,I can finally fufill my dream of running my own military junta
76561197977924326,Recommended,245620,10764892,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,quanaco2001,"Another fine addition to the series. While there are no monumental gameplay changes, it continues with great incremental progress. If nothing else, the builders are far smarter this time around, as is traffic routing."
76561198030923805,Recommended,245620,10752004,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,hoochpit,I love this game.  The adding of era's makes it that much more fun.  Definitely a must for all Tropico fans.
76561198061170477,Recommended,245620,10803530,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dasju,Fun after the update
76561197990176841,Recommended,245620,10833903,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,nxau,"Very much like Tropico 4, albeit a few features that's missing, like the prison. All in all, a good game, and if you liked Tropico 4, this is a must have."
76561198018989722,Recommended,245620,10705822,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,dean.redfearn,Still too similar to Tropico 3/4 but still a hugely enjoyable game.
76561197963327201,Recommended,245620,10706320,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jhyrok,Great fun... Bloody rebel scum!
,Not Recommended,245620,10218977,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[5d]Ebb,"More dumbed down, less freedom of choice, more constricted than it's predecessors. Don't buy this game.P.S. Where's my map editor/maker Calypso?"
,Recommended,245620,10742556,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sLice.,wy is it not working
76561198123628612,Recommended,245620,10737407,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NoBody,If you want to become a good or bad El Presidente this is a game for you and also it has some complex game mechanics and is very addictive a must have for those sim city type lovers out there and this game proves to be quite fun and hope that there would be future updates for the game as it progresses
76561197997331836,Recommended,245620,30466725,Posted: 12 March,all,danielo,i want to play multiplayer but ps4 and pc dosnt work together. why are they in same chat when it dosnt work when game it start??but i even  like this game!
,Recommended,245620,10520131,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Ldawson,"MOVE OUTA THE WAY SIMCITY 5, THERES A NEW GAME IN TOWN. omfg this game is awesome. no doubt"
,Recommended,245620,10520288,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Ioik,I weeped with joy when this finished downloading. Then I cried from laughter at all the spelling errors in the game. Then all my tears seem to have got sticky in amongst the harddrive because the game started suffering from dragon age 2 syndrome and I got bored about half way through and stopped caring about my people so much. They could live on pineapples and sleep in the cheapest houses.Not enough funny voices. :(Not enough islands. :(Not enough main campaign. :(The switch up with eras was good but it felt like a one trick pony. No desire to replay Tropico 5 but at least it got me nostalgic about tropico 4 again. Tropico 4 is still the best in the series.6/10 buy it on sale.Never been interested in multiplayer for this so no opinions on that.
,Recommended,245620,10524685,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Spazmo O.G,Great city builder with poltics thrown in also. Multiplayer bit slow to get into but still fun to play with mates. You really get sucked into this game one moment its 11am and the next its 7pm and your like wtf where has time gone. you know its a good game when that happens :P9/10 for this game :)
76561198062953836,Recommended,245620,10539403,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,warchief214,"Very good game which departs just a little from classic micromanagement of the series. I must admit I hated it when I found I couldnt zoom all the way in and interact with my citizens as in previuos installments, but this anger was soon cooled off with the addition of a nice mod to fix that, (Thanks) A must have of any city sim fan, I see it working its way to my favorite sim, Anno 2070 stature nice job publishers I see where you are headed and I like it..."
,Recommended,245620,10543084,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Aori,Play this game. Makes you laugh and then you feel great as you rule over people.
76561198015387199,Not Recommended,245620,10547651,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,runesong,"I loved Tropico 4, but this is a step backwards on entirely too many levels.  It's amazing that in attmepting to streamline the game the developers managed to make T5 is a *more* confusing experience.     This barely feels like a passable add-on, let alone a full fledged sequel.Vastly dissapointing.  Get T4 if you want to experience the best Tropico has to offer."
76561198030773592,Recommended,245620,10548631,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,codymccracken,Never dissapointed by tropico games
,Recommended,245620,10548897,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Legion_Of_Ham,The Best So far in its series. No doubt the best city builder game i have ever played.8/10 because of bugs
,Recommended,245620,10550893,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,xxFredFredxx,I will own this tropical paradise with my excellent management and word processing skills.
,Recommended,245620,10566397,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Uber (Quaid),Its sims city but with Stalian as president. Hillarity ensues
,Recommended,245620,10511353,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,GuatemalnGrnade,Just as fun as all the other Tropicos. Easy to get into as well.
76561198006830438,Not Recommended,245620,10459312,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,arklight_1978,"Really enjoy the tropico series but i haev to say i have been left a bit disapointed with this version.It does seem to suffer from many many bugs and really doesnt work as intended, its an alpha release at best.All the components are there, just need someone to pop them in the right order.If your looking to play tropico, right now i would go for the all in one bundle of Tropico 4."
,Not Recommended,245620,10500263,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,mindfulpessimist,"I want to recommend this game, but I can't.Tropico 5 has several bugs. While I'm sure they'll be fixed eventually, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that a not-yet-ready product was rushed to market.As to the game itself....If you enjoyed the micro-managing of earlier versions, you're out of luck. An awful lot seems to happen without any input whatsoever. El Presidente seems to serve no particular role. (There aren't even election speeches.)Most of the humor in previous versions is gone as well. This game lacks a lot of the fun that made previous iterations enjoyable.Will any of this be fixed in future patches? Who knows? If previous versions are anything to go by, we'll have to wait until Tropico 6. (Assuming this version isn't a franchise killer.)One person commented on Steam that it seems to have been dumbed down for console players, and it certainly feels that way.As to whether you should buy the game, I share the comment of one of the reviews I've read: ""Maybe, but only if you like this type of game and are able to forgive some problems.""Color me sad."
76561198010045629,Not Recommended,245620,10441485,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,King Bambi,"Yet another person here who has thrown away £35 because this game is DirectX 11 exclusive.While it's true that technology has to move on, phasing out DirectX 9 and 10 at once is a bit much."
,Recommended,245620,10442933,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kazeganthi,"It may not be a vast improvement over the El Presidente formula, but the series doesn't require an overhaul.  If you are a fan of the series, then you won't be too surprised.  However, if you are new to the series you can pick this up without going back to the previous editions."
76561198031754927,Not Recommended,245620,10455341,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Finlandball,"I Love Tropico. The game is rich, full of lively characters and always a good time sink. Been playing the series since 3.This game would be awsome, if it ran for more then ten minutes."
76561198061971210,Recommended,245620,10307419,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Whatscrackalachin,"As an avid city builder fan, and also a fan of previous tropico games, Tropico 5 does not dissapoint me and has made some changes that makes the series so much better. I would have to say the trading system and the modernizing of the housing has been my most favourite changes of all."
76561198028517616,Not Recommended,245620,10307883,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Rawd123,"!WARNING!!CHECK SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS AND!!READ REVIEWS BEFORE YOU BUY!While I cannot write a review on the actual content itself due to the issue I am about to discribe, I must first point out that I bought this game as it's content looked amazing in various youtube clips i've seen. Unfortunatly due to this whole Direct X11 ONLY fiasco I am completly unable to play this game without buying some new super highgrade PC/Laptop or a new graphics card and have therefore wasted €50 of my hard earned cash on what is now a 100% unplayable game. As a result I do not recommend it and I shall not be buying from this developer in the future unless they pull a U turn and introduce some Direct X10 graphics support for older graphics cards."
76561198052282127,Recommended,245620,10308499,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,CrankyNerd,It is just as good and not if better then the previous installment. They improved what was good about the one before and added new things that makes it stand out from tropico 4. if you fan of the series i say it's must buy
76561198040358284,Recommended,245620,10308699,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,wdurham23,great game highly reccommended. Better warefare. Better play system.. if you ever were into tropico or feel like being a dictator of a tropical island... look no more
76561197991300645,Not Recommended,245620,10296871,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Razztafarai,"Not as good as Tropico 4, but that instead"
76561198069316886,Not Recommended,245620,10310388,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Vocalize,stopped working on my computer it shows error
76561198040818452,Recommended,245620,10296735,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BigMac,Majestic as hell!!!
,Recommended,245620,10297131,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,// Tafka //   #Summer Split,I recommend that game. Game has lots of good stuff and looks fun
,Not Recommended,245620,10297201,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Nagi the 3th,"Do not get this game to play in multiplayer. Do not buy the multiplayer packs.  Multiplayer games do not save between sessions.  The game speed is set to the fastest mode, not allowing for any decent planning to your cities.  Instead it become a rush to complete only the tasks that Advisors give you to keep from losing the mandate."
76561198035031289,Recommended,245620,10298483,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,=TAC= KPinnipedus,What's it like to play Tropico 5? Check out the reviewhttp://nerdycare.blogspot.com/2014/05/game-review-tropico-5.html
76561197972701828,Recommended,245620,10301420,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Skycrime,"This game is incredibly well made if you want single player. I wish steam would allow a neutral review, becaues it's great for that and will keep you busy for hours on this beautiful island. However, the only reason I bought this (twice) was to play with my wife. I would be fine with the inability to save multiplayer games, the lack of a pause button and the artifically faster paced gameplay if it worked, but since every game we've tried has ending in a crash we are unable to use it for multiplayer. So, get it if you want a single player game, wait if you don't."
76561198070118082,Recommended,245620,10316451,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Stinkfoot Bundy,It what you would expect out of a Tropico game.  Some improvements from Tropico 4 but there is still plenty of room to grow.  I think it could be a little more detailed but it is still a fun game and is good as a casual city builder.
76561197968982041,Recommended,245620,10316768,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Fenixs,cool game
76561198043174933,Recommended,245620,10317298,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,BigBanana,There are some features that are annoying if you were used to Tropico 4 (such as the almanac) but overall it offers a more immersive and satisfying experience than any Tropico so far.
76561198030747139,Not Recommended,245620,10317140,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Defenestration,Requires Direct x 11edit:http://forum.kalypsomedia.com/showthread.php?tid=22809this fixed it
76561198026484877,Not Recommended,245620,10318357,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Lavoisier,Very short story mode. The game still has a few minor bugs with the army displacement on the map. Doesn't worth the buck.
76561198105390326,Recommended,245620,10312570,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Rowzo,Very additcting!
76561198060459648,Not Recommended,245620,10388692,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,N0SH,Same really as 4. Lacks new and interesting ways to keep player involved. New units make game fun but when 4 tanks lose to 2 infantry the game needs some balancing. Also constant civil unrest gets really annoying. Constant riots cause massive population loss and then when people are happy it decreases at a rapid rate. All in all I wish I had my money back.
76561197989185431,Recommended,245620,10395266,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Plead the 2nd,"Alright so first things first, they gutted the presidente powers. My noble leader El Butto♥♥♥♥o can no longer have a storied rise to power from farmer, crime lord to capitalist usurper. The replacement is the dynasty system which I think is a poor replacement. I suppose it's more balanced but it's still kind of disapointing. The cosmetic choices are more limited too but it hardly matters since you'll barely see your presidente while playing.The rest of the game is pretty much classic tropico. The campaign has an actual story where you collude with 'not the illuminati' and undertae a series of challenges, some more interesting than others. It's more interesting than just playing in the sandbox at least. A far better city builder game with a good sense of humor. The chick on the radio still pales in comparison to Juanito but at least Penultimo and the other advisor characters are funny and colorful.Better than ♥♥♥♥ing Sim City that's for damn sure."
76561198075778750,Recommended,245620,10263481,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,euroblade,"Great game although missing some aspects of tropico 4 there are alot of good aspect that are improved or new.Military is far more varied as in unit wise and everything is far more interesting.Also the game looks alot better as in visuals and also the new online co-op makes this game alot more interesting than its predecesors.There are also some big downsides to this game, the online is very bugged and there seem to be more afk players then playing ones.As far as offline goes it is very well made, as far as online it has a long road to go.It is a very fun game to play but not worth the 45 euro's because of the major issues in this game."
76561198037121773,Recommended,245620,10222960,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,jords55,"slightly bugged!! Importing goods to your industry doesn't work well, as soon as your resource is imported it is sold as an export and the factory goes without this does make later gameplay harder as your islands resources run out and the imports don't work needs fixing but once it is fixed it should be playable"
,Not Recommended,245620,10277008,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,sdarkpaladin,"Do not misunderstand, this game is not bad. However if you want a true Tropico experience or you can only afford to buy 1 game, you should got for Tropico 4 instead. Personally i feel that instead of making it more interactive or exciting, Haemimont only made it much more simpler and introduce more artificial difficulty. It took me just under 15 hours of game time to finish the whole story line on normal difficulty.The new stuff:The Eras - This is a good idea, it gives you a sense of time and progress much more than the previous game. However in the colonial era, sometimes i face a problem of quests to extend my term running out. This means you can't stay in the colonial era for long.The Dynasty - The ability to have multiple characters that will definitely be loyal to you helps. The only problem with them is that you can't do much with them. Their main purpose is to provide an island-wide bonus and become a manager of a building. You can't control them nor can they help you in other ways like fighting off enemies. Essentially the whole Dynasty system is worse than a single Presidente from Tropico 4. At least in 4 he can ""bless"" buildings to make them work better or fight off an army.Research - Despite this contributing the the fake difficulty, it is actually a good idea. Although the tree is so skinny you can call it a ladder that proceeds with time. Not much min-maxing like in Civilisation or Sins of the Solar Empire.Renovate - This is present in 4 too. The only problem i have with it in this game is that, it is not really an upgrade of the building when you renovate it. I mass renovated my farms and tenements by accident and watch all my people suffer with lack of jobs and housing as suddenly the education requirement for farms changed to Highschool while the apartment only allows people who are well-off.Advanced trade system and trade fleet - This is good, this makes it better at managing your specialization and economy. More docks actually helps now instead of the unrealistic 1 Dock 1 island the previous game has (you can build more, but there isn't a pressing need).Explore your island - This only happens in the colonial stage, is not really required unless you are rushing the early mine. The initial area is enough to create a sustainable farming economy on most maps that you should not really explore unless you are rolling in cash, which by then you should just advance in age and research ""The Compass""All new art - Yeah, new models, higher definition, everything expected in a sequel.Cooperative and competitive multiplayer - I have not yet tried this.Stuff they could have done better:Maintain the amount of characters - I feel this is the main selling point of Tropico 4. Agent Sasha, Brunhilde Van Hoof, Comrade Vasquez, El Diablo, Keith Preston, Reverend Esteban, Sunny Flowers. All these characters bring life into the gameplay with their wacky banter and comments. Now you are limited to the few characters i can count with one hand. Not to mention the interesting radio banter is now replaced with an airheaded chick.Maintain the amount of building variety - The total amount of different building and their upgrades now pales in comparison to the previous games. It streamlines the selection which allows new players to pick up easily. However it also reduce the satisfaction of planning an island full of different buildings. In 4, i actually challenge myself to maintain 1 building of every kind on the island just to make it versertile. If they are doing this on purpose and are planning to release the other buildings through the DLC, i say ""Shame on you"".Increase the amount of story mission - I know this is the hardest part of the game to improve. How do you increase the storyline when you already have an Era system to stick to. (Hint: Dynasty is a multitude of people, you do not need to stick to only one Presidente, bonus points if you can trade with yourself)Improve the Almanac - Who wouldn't want more information? I do not understand the dumbing down of the almanac from 4. Want to find the Happiest or Saddest person? Gone. Want to find the reason why people are not moving into empty housing? Here's a simple bar graph of people without homes sorted by education level. Not even income level, education. Like that will help.Bring back the Election Speech - Besides adding the functionality of swaying votes, a Dictator must have his ridiculous speech full of indifference to be a proper Dictator.Bring back Penultimo - No seriously in this game General Rodriguez is impersonating Penultimo. The VA choice was not good, 4 had a better VA to portray the bumbling idiot that is Penultimo.In conclusion, while there are many other things that are done tastefully in this game, it still pales in comparision to Tropico 4 and it's wide variety of casts, functions and buildings."
76561198008887999,Recommended,245620,10277913,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,headwoundhoudini,"If you're new to Tropico then you will enjoy all aspects of the game. But if you are a vetran player then this game does little to advance the Tropico experience. The new features are so few that they could have been put out on a $4.99 DLC. It's still enjoyable as all the other Tropicos but, I was just expecting them to move the ball a bit further with number 5."
76561198060331084,Recommended,245620,10279034,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,kieran,"Tropico 5All areas have been improved upon in tropico however i still feel that some features are missing.In the last tropico i felt the miltary were very limited and not real needed in the game, however in tropico 5 im using them allot more. They have been massively exteneded within the game. As now you expand and advance your army through the eras. From the old infantry to the up to date army along with tanks and aircraft. There use in the game is now allot more depended on and keeping their loyaltity. using them to put down strikes, defeat rebels and uprisings and keep the poltics abroad away from home. Do i feel that they will be added to? i hope so, something like naval dockyards or an miltary land airfield.In terms of how hard it is, it defenitly progress throughout the game, as i find the starting era really easy but as the time passses, youve got to adapt and change your economy to make enough money for your island existance. which can take sometimes.Everything looks more real now, for example you can see minning and farming happening allot more clearly as in tropico 3-4 it was just there, if you understand what i mean.i dont like how the population is still limited, for me its around 1500 people, some of my friends wont progress further than 1000, i dont know if this is down to your computer. but i really wanted a large population as when you reach this top population, you cant expand any further. For example i wanted to start a tourist part of the island but i did not have the people to work in them, as all more population was employeed."
76561197967628472,Recommended,245620,10320649,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,deathgodjason,good game no cheat codes yet the press release  already has it
76561198006152416,Recommended,245620,10320796,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Malafunkshun808,"I first began playing Tropico 4 last year and was impressed with the extensive campaign and dlc missions.  As many other reviewers have already mentioned, Tropico 4 was also full of humurous subplots and crazy characters.  Compared to its predecessor, Tropico 5 does not overwhelm you with tons of buildings, nor does it force you to repeatedly rebuild your island kingdom every mission.  On the other hand, the humor seems more subdued in this version, while the soundtrack (although a little more varied than Tropico 4) is still a little too repetitive for my taste.Overall, there is much to commend about Tropico 5.  The graphics are quite beautiful, the era progression system adds variety to the game, and there is enough crazy story in the missions to get you laughing (and keep playing).  Veteran dictators may find issues with certain details of Tropico 5 (e.g. the awkward AI combat system and the generic voice acting), but players looking for a fun and addictive city building game will be quite pleased with Tropico 5."
,Recommended,245620,10320904,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,!Cr.Mags,"Not as easy as it used to be, that's for sure. But still very good."
76561198062707529,Recommended,245620,10324558,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Komando,This is the first time I played a Tropico game - I don't know why. Tropico 5 is a very interesting and fun to play strategy/simulation game.
76561198055909710,Recommended,245620,10609406,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Acosmicman,Great game
,Recommended,245620,10609660,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,TweakerL,"This is really fun, plus there's finally multiplayer. Too bad it requires DX11"
,Recommended,245620,10598044,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,o0bex0o,My troops were away exploring the island when pirates landed. Game over. 10/10.
76561198031574618,Recommended,245620,10598514,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Lun,"Good game. Graphics and economy mechanics are better than Tropico 4.It's missing some of the fun touches from the previous games. No election speeches, the humor mostly falls flat.Developer seems commited to improving gameplay through patches so I say wait awhile for the steam sales to pick it up"
,Recommended,245620,10601524,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Tastyfish *KB*,My theotratic commune got blown up by thenazisaxis for not selling them rum.
76561198067291511,Recommended,245620,10586055,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nightwolf6793,"A great addition to the city building/dictatorship genre. Graphically speaking, the game is very pretty. Gameplay wise, Tropico 5 excells in most areas than the previous installment, but in its prequel, there seemed to be slightly more upgrades avilable to buildings. Though, a great and much needed addition to Tropico 5 has to be the ability to fight invasions. This time around, when your island is invaded by a foreign power, you may use your military might and any foreign allies you may have at the time, as a formidable defense. I would give this a 9/10."
,Recommended,245620,10586130,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ghosties,"this is not just build a city and do it all over and over,but it need to be kept safe from nazis to rebelions to bombingsthis game is epic     <3"
,Recommended,245620,10568802,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,robdn,Very good game!
76561198004562505,Recommended,245620,10768763,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sexy Turtle,"If you love Tropico, you will love Tropico 5.  It is the same great game play and humor the fans have come to love.  It doesn't feel as new as I would have liked - much of the same stuff, but still fun and worth the money."
76561197977359753,Recommended,245620,10836831,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Bloodmarine [FIN],Ihan jees mutta ei huomattavaa eroa 4een
76561198108599320,Not Recommended,245620,10773202,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,alezandrie,the same song over and over again will drive you crazy.
,Recommended,245620,10773729,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RetardJoe,God so addictive.... it just builds upon the awesomeness from the last Tropico... /WIN!
76561198024357621,Recommended,245620,10787988,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bo6ily,great game much more challenging than the previous titlesthe type of game that you come back to everyone in a while
76561198061716834,Recommended,245620,10789114,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Master DJB,"If you like SImCity, you should definitely play this, its a massive revamp from the previous Tropico 3/4, but still keep at heart the base functions of the series. Multiplayer is a great addition, as now you can share the experience of Tropico with everyone. All Hail El Presidente!!!"
76561198103475166,Recommended,245620,10220243,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Kommandant,Great game if your a veteran el presidente or a newbie youll be sucked in.Great advance from the previous Tropicos.They really have bought whole new features in to the game like the advanement through the eras.if your cosiderig buying click that button now tropico will amaze you viva el presidete 11/10
76561198001939388,Recommended,245620,10220373,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,burritoandtaco,"Awesome changes in Tropico 4 makes the game interesting throughout the whole playthrough instead of walking away from the computer for 5 minutes during late-game economy. I have only played the game for a few hours but here are some of the changes I have seen so far:- Even more emphasis on diplomacy and trade routes to be able to advance in the game.- Building's efficiency can be changed by hiring a manager, upgrade technology, and placement of the building.- Early-game housing provides their own food so that players can focus on creating an economic foundation.- Inclusion of research for new technology and buildings to be available.- Military types and strength dependent on education, technology, and buildings.- Ability to restrict population from eating food resources from a specific farm.- Exploration of the island needed to expand your empire."
76561198070910987,Recommended,245620,10220988,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Lavish,"I have been a huge fan of the Tropico series and loved Tropico 4. For some reason i am not feeling it with tropico 5. I feel they made it more simple, which takes a lot of fun away. For example the guard towers are replaced by these stange castle things, no more sending people to the labor camp (or even arresting them!), lack of entertainement buildings, and lack of edit. I like running a die hard dictatorship but i feel Tropico 5 is more of a democracy game now. i hope they add a ton of stuff in DLC. Although i will say the new era periods are somewhat exciting and the trade system is a good idea.Overall: 7/10"
,Recommended,245620,10221304,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Pikdummi,"Its good, fixes alot of things that were wrong with the prior games, for example: The militarists and military are no longer useless, so its worthwhile to have a good military.Its added missing things, like riots and uprisings, selling the service of your military units as mercenaries, fighting in the world wars, etc.2 Thngs that I don't like in particular:1. The lack-luster colonial era, you should be able to do more in it, like make privateers and sell their services, etc.2. The soundtrack is smaller than prior games, and the music isn't quite as good."
76561198007089458,Recommended,245620,10222083,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Tryiel,loving this game so far not played any of the old ones but this has made me wonder how i did not find them sooner cause i am loving it its simple to understand the basics while still being a challenge and loving the humor =]
76561198007248781,Recommended,245620,10222371,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Krakizbad,Wait for DLC and more park/beautification options. Still good though if you have the money to spare.
76561197987486987,Recommended,245620,10223104,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,hawaiihatch,"I've been playing Tropico since the begining.To be honest, my first 10 minutes or so, I was disapointed. It seemed like they had dumbed things down, to make it more accessable. But after a few minutes, I realized that they had managed to keep the level of complexity of this game at the same level, while making the UI work FOR you, not against. Buildings can now be found without having to remember exactly where you placed them, many building upgrades can be done universally, instead of clicking through each one, and the new Era system forces you to adapt as your island changes. Well done guys!"
76561198025261079,Recommended,245620,10223782,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,BobLoblaw,"If you liked 3 or 4 you'll like this. It's definitely changed, but for the better. You will spend some time getting used where everything is laid out, but in the long run it's much improved. If you like games like Rise of Nations, you will like this. If you're a hardcore Civ V player, this may be a little too casual for you, but it's still fun,  humorous, and challenging."
,Recommended,245620,10223970,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Lieutenant A.Kouassi,"One of the best in the Series. Tropico 5 is like a combination of all into one. With the new Era's system and improved gameplay systems, it is the strongest Tropico to date. While the large majority of features are very well implemented there are some aspects such as multiplayer which is very new to the series.The game offers a good range of strategy and to an extent challenge for those who would like it. From a personal point of view I feel Kalypso value their customers and will take on board any criticism and feedback. They changed alot during the closed beta phase and I am sure through DLC and if not the next Tropico, things will only get better.Viva El Presidente!"
,Recommended,245620,10223980,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Tommy-Trinder,"The Tropico series never fails to deliver on a fantastic City Building game, providing a style of gameplay which is easy to learn and difficult to Master which has become the core of the series.The game is divided into Eras that break up the game never allowing you to get bored or comfortable. Unlike other games in the same genre Tropico 5 also has an intresting Trade and Military functions as well as a political system that means your Island is more than a collection of buildings, following your own ideologies you can create your own socalist paradise or your own captalist utopia, a totaltarian police state or a liberal democracy and while in this persuit you have to tread carefully not to upset too many people with your Grand Ideas or else face a rebellion from the unwashed masses who cannot see your obvious genius, of course thats what tanks are for. The challenge of juggling the powers of the Tropican world will either cement your rule as absolute ruler of your own paradise island, your have you on a row boat far out in the sea being waved off by an upstart new Presidente who hardly knows what he's gotten himself into.Tropico 5 builds on the positives of past Tropico games, and delivers so much more, and anyone new to the series should check this out as it promises to provide hours of frustrating, fun, and rewarding gameplay."
76561198058181557,Recommended,245620,10225194,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,chetkow,"What I did not like:That number of free family homes are not shown.The creation of a dictator is well, plain horrid, bad graphics, 10 000 names to choose from but very little choices otherwise.What happened to more advance personality characteristics?The fog of war. How nearsighted are these people? Or how lazy? When building should be able to push the fog back a little at the time.What I miss:More advance banking.Not that it is a bad thing, but what happened to crime and jails? I simply loved the labour camps that made the criminals in to nice, proper farmers instead.Some more entertainment choices: Bread and circus people, bread and circus. Or perhaps Rum and can can girls.Ministry could have been nice if you could make your family ministers.Sadly enough, I miss our dear Reverend Esteban that has exchanged communion wine with rum and the church with the pub.Palace updates.Penultimo and Sunny Flowers “radio show”. (Penultimo actually seems smarter and more honest.)That El president can give speeches from the palace.Ability to go down to street level and “walk” in your wonderful little town.What I miss in every single game in the series. The chance to place your palace and first dock by own choice.Set salary in a building to make sure it has labour.What I liked.Its now shown what level of jobs are free and what education level the unemployed has.The police station double as fire station and they actually seem to be able to get where they are supposed to.Finally both gender can work the same places all over. I hated it in Tropic 4 when you lacked labour because those on that education level was of the wrong gender and those of the wrong gender went without a job. It always seemed to be more jobs for men than for women...Those lovely little country houses that has their own food production.That the buildings no longer look the same no matter what version your playing.Power-plant less big and ugly.It seems that a building dos not stop working because there is to much products piling up. (A big, BIG problem in Tropico 4, modern times).Seems like distribution of raw material works a a lot better.Also show what products are in the docks.What I simply loved.Updates can be done from any building and you can choose if you want to upgrade one building or all of them. No need to wait for Penultimo to give you the choice.The grid, I love the grid.That the buildings nicely fit in to the grid. Yes I suffer from “Prussian disease” but I love my nice, orderly streets and buildings.No more big, ugly parking-houses that gets overloaded after five minutes.That the plantations and Ranch's show how much space they will use. All about the grid and the orderly banana republic.That the plantation fields are not fixed in case one need a little guard tower.Again: those lovely little country houses with their own food production.Did I mention those lovely little country houses?That subway station don't become more and more expensive.The mines, those lovely new mines you can't build over by accident.The natural disaster edict, I LOVE the natural disaster edict.There are a lot of great improvements, even if spooky with the immortal El presidente. A vampire in Tropico? Perhaps that's why you no longer can send  El presidente out to construction sites and production sites. (There is a lot of sun in the Caribbean). Not every one can keep it going as long as Fidel Castro. Would be nice if could choose successor from the family. Europa 1400 - The Guild would let you choose your heir when you died."
76561198022518797,Recommended,245620,10213239,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,TheLostRanger,Loads of fun!
,Recommended,245620,10213428,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Heinrick Sanchetz,"Like this game, if it were made for mac and crossplay between mac and pc it would recive even more purchases from its mac fans. But seriously we should be able to command the soldiers and how they look"
76561198060649728,Recommended,245620,10213641,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Carl,"As somebody who is new to the Tropico series, I bought this and didn't expect very much. But I was very impressed. I played the game for 6 hour in one sitting, I was absolutely amazed. The humour was absolutely beautiful, and the graphics was nothing to complain about. I really like the fighting engine, it's not the best but it is very well good enough.I would personally really recommend this game, it's rather expensive, but it is well worth the money. I know that I have many hours of gaming to look forward. Hell, I didn't even get any sleep the night after this was released, thanks to this game.I have played some of Tropico 4 but i believe that this was better than the last."
,Recommended,245620,10213788,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Daniel Mtanous - USA - INACTIVE,Game is much harder and feels more varied than Tropic 4. It is the best one of the series.
,Recommended,245620,10213830,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Hollowsong,"I've been a fan of Tropico for a while and can say the improvements to the UI, addition of eras, and a few extra gameplay elements added some polish going from Tropico 4 to 5.That said, it basically feels like an expansion to Tropico 4 with a slightly improved UI. The character creation aspect feels very ""alpha"" to me. There are EXTREMELY limited choices. Basically, one outfit per ""era"" and more mustache styles than hair styles, I believe.Solid singleplayer gameplay (haven't tried multiplayer) with a fun new trading aspect. Campaign mode keeps it fresh enough, I suppose. I'm curious how it'll play out with only 2 game maps (from what I've seen).All around decent. Not sure if you should pay full price for it if you already own Tropico 4, but worthy of trying it if you like these styles of ""town-building"" games. The pre-order content was what pushed me over the fence on it."
76561198031147798,Recommended,245620,10213956,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,PAVV,"set laws to be most oppressive as possible, coup d'etat lost everything 10/10"
76561198043885759,Recommended,245620,10214128,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Softpa,I rigged an election. 10/10
,Recommended,245620,10214136,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Brogan,Created an el Presidente named Jose Cuervo. Focused on building rum distilleries. Had four daughters. Got invaded by Nazis. 10/10
,Recommended,245620,10214267,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,ＡｎｃｉｅｎｔＲｕｌｅｒ,Horrible tutorial.10/10
76561198046703491,Not Recommended,245620,18027331,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ironing hamsters,"This game is good, and I would normally recommend it...except 4 is waaaaaaaaaay better.5 isn't bad, but it's a step backwards in some ways. In some ways it has improved, but not in enough ways. 4's many little options and tweaking you can do have been streamlined in 5. You don't have to fiddle constantly with things you'd rather forget about. That's good, but some things I enjoyed have been lost.I also find the interface to be less intuitive despite the streamlining. Where are some things like international reputation and prices of goods? I have no idea sometimes. It's not easy to remember.The personalities of the group leaders in 5 are forgettable. The new voice for Penultimo is starting to grow on me (he's still hilariously stupid), but the rest of the people I immediately silence when they pop up. Also, the 'radio personality' is annoying and not that funny.In short, buy Tropico 4 instead of Tropico 5. Don't bother with 3."
,Recommended,245620,17758033,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,cedara2,"This is a game that can make me smile. Also cool are the the little bits of Real Life trivia in between, about certain dictators. Definitely recommended as a decent simulation in Linux."
76561197972707987,Not Recommended,245620,17866146,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,treeves3,"Okay, so like many others, I cut my teeth on Tropico 3, reveled at Tropico 4, and then… this. Playing was like biting into a bitter fruit you thought would be sweet. Gone were the great voice actors and fun dialogue from Tropico 4. Gone is the feeling that you are truly instrumental in designing a community that is alive, dependent on you as their El Presidente. Gone is the almost seamless integration and copious options of Tropico 4 that felt significant somehow.Gone is the fun.I played a little, trying to get into the game. Tropico 5 is just a chore for me. I won’t say others might not enjoy it – there are probably thousands who do. But it’s just lost the magic that the previous two versions had, and that’s too bad. I’m not sure what I was expecting they would do to improve upon Tropico 4… but this wasn’t it. I’ll reload Tropico 4 at some point I’m sure, but as for Tropico 5… I’m gone."
,Recommended,245620,17921705,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Famu_Fam_Fam,"you are the dictator of an island nation.  the people love you (or the ones who can vote do), your enemies envy you (according to your advisor), and you are the pride of the carribean (at least in your head)."
,Recommended,245620,17900216,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Fluffy Vizcacha,.
,Recommended,245620,17932752,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Velvety Smooth Deer Pussy,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198147741699,Recommended,245620,18096096,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,fivefootguy,"It's a very different game to earlier Tropicos for good and bad. Some nice touches include the new Dynasty timeline, new industries, new scenarios etc. On the negative it doesn't look especially nice and it's lost the 'community' aspect. While you still can click on your citizens and follow them around you aren't really encouraged to."
76561197991179480,Not Recommended,245620,18077435,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,esbogucz,"I preordered this game being a long-time fan of the series, they never said you required DirectX 11 on a hardware level. They claim it is because they re-did the engine from scratch, I do not see any evidence of that, I got Sid Miers Civilization Beyond Earth, which as you should all know is a more graphically and processing intensive game, yet it only requires DX 11 on the software level, plus they don't try to bleed you dry with useless, unnessicary DLC by giving you an unfinished game. When I brought up the point of DX 11 all the ""support"" team said was ""It reduces download size"" that doesn't freaking matter mate. Last point of this DX 11 hardware issue, Tropico 5 was also released on the Xbox 360, which only has hardware support for DX 10 maximum. I would like a refund if the programmers are so lazy to just make a minor tweak to allow support for DX 10.1, which is not a lot to ask. Or they could stop being money-grubbing fools and give me my refund, which for my situation is not a lot to ask. What happened Kalypso? You were better then this."
76561198008112829,Recommended,245620,18270665,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,spitfia,great game and series in general. Ive gotten lost for many hrs. Character customization is alittle slim but doesnt really matter you cant see it anyways while playing.
,Recommended,245620,18199933,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lucifer_MorningStar,This game rocks!
,Recommended,245620,18119339,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,JoeBot64,"YOU'RE STILL A DICTATOR! YOU'RE WHOLE FAMILY ARE DICTATORS! ALSO ♥♥♥♥ THE CAPITALIST PIGS! CRUSH THE REBELS AND BURN YOUR ENEMIES TO THE GROUND! IMPRISON YOUR FRIENDS AND EXCILE YOUR FOES, IT'S EL TROPICO!"
76561197995476665,Recommended,245620,18176235,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Aengus,Nice city simulator.
,Not Recommended,245620,18147526,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,benjiMeister,"Play Tropico 4 instead.Lacks a lot of soul and colour that it's predecesor had. The dialogue isn't funny anymore, and isn't as well acted. It's soundtrack is also missing a lot of the quality it had in 4. Some of the gameplay additions are decent enough, but not huge innovations.The humour and character that was present in Tropico 4 was it's main selling point for me, and there isn't really any of this in it's sequel."
76561198079516146,Recommended,245620,14981474,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Trojari,Has this happened to anyone else where a battle is going on and a tornado comes out of nowhere?           This game is great. not $40  good (more like $20 good) It is on sale for $40 right now. 8/10
,Not Recommended,245620,18123524,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,walrus helmet,Not a fan of the changes made to this series. Tropico 4 (or 3) are much better versions of the same product.
76561198009391578,Recommended,245620,18155954,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Daftaer,"I liked this one more than Tropico 4 over all. It does have the same problems however. I think this game has a little more life in it than Tropico 4 but again, it can get pretty dull and the DLC doesn't extend the life and change the gameplay enough to be worth the money. Another one to get on sale."
,Recommended,245620,18268691,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Parzival,"Being a Tropico fan from the get go, I really enjoyed playing this fifth edition.If you already have a copy of a previous version you won't be up for much new gameplay, though it looks a lot better.The scenario is nice and has some surprising plot twists, which I won't spoil.Only neg I can think of is maybe the Island selection in the sandbox.Still if you like micro-management, city building, the Carribean and a cold cuba libre. You might also like to be called; EL Presidente!BUY IT!"
76561197995804725,Recommended,245620,16368094,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Ruitan,"OK the game has been updated, it's much better now.Just keep an eye on how many educated people you have and if they have jobs and good housing and you'll do just fine.Same applies for the army."
,Recommended,245620,18195038,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Kalu Kenzyfrenzy Chuks,alright
,Recommended,245620,15048582,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tomboeg,"UPDATE:Now that they added a workshop, Steam users may create their own islands along with scenario's. That's pretty fun and adds much more content to the game. I've been playing the game for the last few days and frankly enjoyed it, I had a word with El Prez's developer and decided to give the game another look. Some minor bugs were fixed, but i still see vehicles and ships driving and sailing through one another. Sadly the claims below remain. Though i no longer dislike the game as i used to do. It's very good that the developers really listen to the players their feedback, they even released a free map DLC for El Prez. The game is fun until a certain moment.The things i still miss is the feature you had in Tropico 4 to lock the borders for any new residents.I really miss this, this way you can never maintain a stable economy for long and will always need to take actions. I also miss the Dynasty members, you used to have a certain amount of control over them. Such as: giving a speech, boosting productivity. They still have roles like increasing production, finding hidden roles faster and such. But i miss the amount of control.It would be nice to have a entertainment grid filter to see where entertainment is low, same for healthcare and food. I would like to know how much food there is and if there is enough for extra rations. There are a few filters that you can access when clicking on the building. But that remains slightly difficult and doesn't provide an exact degree.I still die from the flood of immigrants which you can not stop from coming. They keep coming in groups of 15-20 They keep coming even with he strictest borders while i have not sufficient housing, food, liberty or healthcare for them. The people will then get angry and not vote for you during elections causing you to lose the game. If you refuse elections you will get social unrest and get rebels and strikes and trouble. This is the mayor flaw which gets me frustrated.I also noticed that playing the game with a very different view and tactic makes a huge difference.It also really depends on how you play it, this is no build a village/city and defeat the enemy. No, not at all. It has more depth and really requires some planning to be done.---Original Review---This game is fun, however.. not finished.I've already had alot of fun with the game,Let me start with saying that this is my first Tropico game.I'll state my opinion on the positive and negative aspects below:Positive:Humor:This game has a great sense of humor, everytime you research something you'll get your general reporting to you in a somewhat.. weird form. It can certainly provide you with a laugh from time to time.Campaign:I still haven't got far due to the invasions and rebels, but i've already notices that there is a variety of missions to play.You can even pick one of the two islands which you are going to play a certain mission on.Quests:Lots of quests and tasks, there is always a goal for you.Negative:MilitaryThe first thing i noticed, and which also became my downfall and got me quite angry with the game.. is the military(war) system. You build military posts which exist out of one squad of soldiers. Can you control them? No! During invasions or rebel events you cannot control your forces. Even if it's 10 squads against five you will probably still lose due to the horrible path-finding system. You cannot control your squad. They go to a certain building and will not engage with any enemy troops on the way. Mostly the squads will just walk around aimlessy, not defending anything.. while your building are being burned down. For instance, one squad gets to the enemy and gets into a fight.. they'll get slaughtered because it'll most likely be 5 squads versus 1.  And that's basically how i lost all the time. Not to mention that the rebels are quite overpowered.Trading & ItemsI am quite disappointed with this, In the beginning i had the idea i could control my economy. But there isn't even a storage building where your people bring the goods to, they just ship off at regular prices automatically. You can browse the trade offers manually and send one of your own ships to buy or sell products, however. But yet no actual gather and build system, that's a big thing that's just missing..Alive atmosphere.I am missing the Stronghold idea.What i mean with this is basically i'm missing to see my country workers actually work, going to the taverns, church, free time spendations.. etc soldiers patrolling the streets, vehicles picking up goods and the delivering them to a certain location(A to B),  more depth in the building constructions carryíng planks and goods and hammeríng, sawíng buildings together. That's one big thing that's missing for me.Sad'ly there is more negativity in my mind than positive, thus the reason i marked my review as negative.However it's still a fun game, but i do not agree with the 50,00 euro's we're getting charged.In-Fact, I had a update today.. a minor updates but no 'new' things. I doubt they'll ever be coming. There are still DLC'S coming along the way."
,Recommended,245620,10218694,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,JASe,"Takes some getting used to, but a good game nonetheless"
76561198059435110,Recommended,245620,10218952,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,JSkidds2294,Beat the crap out of simcity 5.
,Recommended,245620,10220145,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,99 Fishing! <>< <>< <>< <>< <><,"Been playing this game for couple hours today, the best tropico yet to come! :D"
76561198008261066,Recommended,245620,10220186,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Freiyr,"While it is, in a way, comparing apples to oranges, Tropico 5 gives me the enjoyment I had hoped to find in SimCity.Could things be better?  No doubt.  I do miss the faction leader dialogue, as another reviewer noted, from Trop 4.  I also miss being able to direct El Presidente to visit buildings in order to increase perfromance.On the plus side, I love being able to select trade routes, and watching my loyal army turn back an invasion (or break up a strike) is fun as hell."
76561198039549756,Recommended,245620,10224964,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,MyBoiMussolini,A must buy right here
,Recommended,245620,10578230,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Adam T,"Tropico 5: Improved Tropico but Still Too Small?While I am still arguably cutting my teeth on this game, with my previous experience withTropico 3and4I feel relatively competent in reviewingTropico 5at this point. As such, and in a word, this game is animprovementto the franchise.This game takes clear cues from theCivilizationseries while still staying true to theTropicofeel that it has already established. The tech tree is a clear example of this. There are eras within which you must research most of the technologies before you are capable of advancing to the next era. However, again, these have the Tropico flair to them.Another improvement or expansion that I have particularly found enjoyable is the Dynasty feature. This allows you to maintain a set of rulers each which can provide specific boosts to your island. Likewise, each of these can be upgraded through an expanded Swiss Bank system. Ultimately, you can retire Dynasty members which you dislike, and all can be customized in theirstyle. Yes, just their style as, after your first ruler which permits full customization, all subsequent members are ""born"" and you can only make changes that would be realistic in this regard (their hair and clothes basically). While I appreciate that some will certainly dislike this anti-feature, I actually like it.While I have enjoyed these and other aspects of the game, I am also unfortunately already getting a bit bored with it. A slight cure to this has been going back and forth between the Story and the Sandbox modes. The story allows me to play with very specific goals in mind, boost my Swiss Bank, upgrade my Dynasty, and ultimately to learn how to better optimize my islands. In contrast, the sandbox allows me to go nuts with attempting my idealized configuration of island. Similarly, I have started to use the achievements to a similar end. I will also begin to utilize the new co-op feature in this regard as well.Generally speaking this has been my main problem with Tropico 5 (as well as 3 and 4), as for whatever reason, I just do not find the game to be highly replayable and indeed find it fairly repetitive after I get the basic setups figured out. In essentially every other way I find the game to be fun and well done. It just fails to hook me for extended periods of time (though I have the same problem withCivilization, andDemocracy: I always wantmore!).With that said, whileTropico 5has generally expanded on much offered inTropico 4, including essentially all the DLC expansions that Tropico 4 eventually had (Firaxis could learn from this) there are parts that feel short-changed and that I strongly suspect will ultimately be fleshed out withTropico 5sown subsequent DLC. (While specific examples are escaping me at the moment I will edit and update this when I next notice one.) This is not an inherently negative aspect to this game, but as I indicated above in my quest for extensive customization in these types of games, this is something that stands out to me.With all that said, I stillstrongly recommendthis game for those that like this genre. Though, perhaps wait for a good sale and some DLC before hopping on board!"
76561198094213629,Recommended,245620,10580285,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CannyTheHero,Really Fun! make sure you play on easy finacial start on your first sandbox game
76561198006645384,Not Recommended,245620,10281591,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Conker the King,Disappointing Overall
76561198012262846,Recommended,245620,11846841,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Edd8801,This game you will play with a smile. You are El Presidente! in charge of your own tropical island. Rule it like you see fit ! Enjoy this game!
,Recommended,245620,12130851,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,xS1lver N Black,Great tongue and cheek game with some good stragety themes that will keep your interest. City builder fans will like this game along with stragety buffs.
76561198007087063,Recommended,245620,12157638,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Heilanladdie,Just as fun as the last installement but with some new twists. Its certainly not as easy as before with trying to keep everyone happy. Definitely hours of game play for those who like to be the boss.
,Recommended,245620,12160257,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Guust Flater,"What a great, happy, nice and addictive game!"
76561198059254862,Recommended,245620,10669440,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RA1,"Wonderful! Marvelous! And absolutely beautiful!When this game arrived i was giving most of my time to watch dogs. And gave this game only one hour at most.But by the fourth day i noticed that i gave most of my time to Tropico instead! thats because this game is beautiful and addictive. and it has that random factor (what if i did that back then? what would of happened now?!) don't get me wrong watch dogs is nice and very attractive, but by no means is it addictive, no sir. i got bored of the main story by the third day for god sake's...So if you want a beautiful and an addictive game this is it.And now a little bit of the game:If you want to learn how to lead a country to prosperity, this is it! You are the president of an island, much like Cuba or Jamica or even hawaii by the looks at least.You can't control the people (directly) but you can decide what to be built! And depending on that you can rise your island to be the most successful city, or the worst dictatorship! (Here is a tip for you: a successful city is less expensive than a dictator ship, trust me ;)So to sum it up, this game will show you what kind of a ruler you are!"
76561198055467282,Not Recommended,245620,11832995,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Friends? Whats that?,"Hi, Im new to Tropico 5 and have a question. I downloaded the game and was all ready to play it, but when I came on my island my screen turned in many diffrent colors ( Mosly Black ) changing all the time. I can not find any resoloution to this problem! Please help."
,Recommended,245620,12101883,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,solo631,This is very similar to Tropico 4 just slower paced.  All the same mechanics are there but gated by research.  Personally I found it a lot of fun just like all the other parts of this franchise.  The dynasty system however is pretty dumb and has little to no effect on the game.
76561198007266674,Recommended,245620,12119600,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Cyh,"Lovely game, graphically very beautiful. Gameplay wise, not very different from Tropico 4 Modern Times.In Tropico 5 you have eras, akin to the Modern Times calendar. This means you will get new and improved buildings, which also unlock new resources (oil, uranium). The AI also seems to be improved nicely, meaning goods will now actually be delivered quickly.On the other hand, while I loved Tropico 4, Tropico 5 really didn't contain all that many new things, which I assume will be added in via DLC (much like Tropico 4).So while it's a nice game, I would recommend you wait for some DLC to play it. Lets just hope that the developers won't stick to the Tropico 4 model of releasing very minor DLC for a hefty fee."
76561197972376021,Recommended,245620,11952958,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Legend,"I did not enjoy this game at first after having played Tropico 4 for quite some time. However, after playing for a few hours, I love this game now. I have 48 of 50 achievements and I would love to see some good DLC content to extend this game. Multiplayer could be improved."
,Recommended,245620,19235125,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Onii-chan ^^,"As a first time tropico player i find tropico 5 is a fairly deacent game, (meaning i havn't played the other series) i like the way the game's been set up and although i am not a fan of their multiple DLC's it is one of the better City sim's out there.7/10 would play again"
,Not Recommended,245620,19205425,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Becks,not worth your time and or money
76561198001763795,Recommended,245620,19218303,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Flaming Buffalo,it's good only for co op.
,Recommended,245620,19173419,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Otto der Große,Notifications :The rebels are attacking you!The rebels are attacking you!The rebels are attacking you!The rebels are attacking you!It's a military coup!I would like to fight with the rebels and traitor again with 91% support rate!
,Recommended,245620,19188340,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,InnerDogg,Love the atmosphere this game brings. Great citybuild-sim. Nice musicDownfall: WAAAAY to expensive DLC's ( which shoulda been in there from the start anyway)
,Not Recommended,245620,19141404,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Larris,"When you first see this game, you think that it is the best. I did the same but after 1-2 or even more hours of playing this game, it gets really boring and you start to question why you wasted alot of money"
,Recommended,245620,19134159,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Butter,"I've played this game fro a long tims (tropico 5,4 and 3). I've loved this game ever since the day I bought Tropico 3 and I keep loving it even more with the new DLC. It just keeps getting better!"
76561198063557529,Recommended,245620,19045728,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,sdc_1483,Very fun but a little chaotic at times
76561198007220838,Recommended,245620,19039491,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,sam,Great Game
,Recommended,245620,18966184,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,bck,It's all amazing but traffic management is a problem. and grade school just doesn't make any sense
76561198147621971,Recommended,245620,19403792,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Brioche,"I'm a big fan of the Tropico series since way back in 01' when I played the demo for the original. Each new version has brought something new to the game and it has really grown with the times. If your the old-school ""SimCity"" type than this game is for you mty friend."
,Recommended,245620,19411193,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Colkem,"This is A great Game, if you just want some♥♥♥♥♥♥s N giggles it will challenge you in some aspest's of the game but at the end of day It is just about having fun and Fun rates a 10, If you want a game that will challenge you and have fun at the time this  is the game fo you!!!!!Colky Out"
76561198258805452,Not Recommended,245620,19429824,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,catalina,"this is one of the bigest peices of crap I have ever seen,  for get about any diffculty besides very low. and don't bother to raise the budget of any building or your profits will drop faster than the 1930 stockmarket crash. this game is soo f******g unbalenced your budget can take a nose dive just becuase and for get about getting all the profet form trades. stay away form this charptastic game"
76561198073061995,Recommended,245620,19499023,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ugly naked guy,Karim Al-Shaabab approves!
,Not Recommended,245620,19413106,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Noobs'R'Us,"this game brings childhood memories, so decided to buy this version with all the mods on sale... was expecting to get hooked, but no... mods are bad, gameplay is plain boring..."
76561198036591748,Recommended,245620,19624452,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Darth Invader,A bit difficult. Interesting options to decide which kind of government fits better. As a city builder is good but not as excellent as Cities Skylines.
,Recommended,245620,19706547,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Volodoscope,"Very fun upgrade from Tropico 4. There has been refinemend of modern politics, graphics, economy and space program are all pretty nice now. I've come close to finishing the story mode in about 15 hrs. Wish it was a bit longer. For $40, this is nice, fun game."
76561198061186954,Recommended,245620,10280136,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Chito_Bro,AWESOME been playing the series since day 1 even when they launched the pirate version must say one of the best only down thing is missing a few EL PRESIDENTE peks the olders ones had but will definitely be added later i assume.
76561198001536645,Recommended,245620,19728719,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,ajrarn777,"Nice dictator simulation. Look a lot like the previous game, but contains some good improvement.I had given up the story line, because I didn't invest enough in technology in the early scenario. And near the end, the mission was impossible. Keep in mind that you accumulate the research from scenario to scenario. And if you din't invest enough early on, you may need to restart from game one..."
,Recommended,245620,30646555,Posted: 20 March,all,Soldette,"Although this is not ""better"" than Tropico 4, it does provide some new game mechanics.The support for more extensive lua-base modding allows you to change game variables fairly easily.The DLC is way over-priced, but playing it for 53 hours without ANY dlc has been both fun and rewarding.If your computer runs Tropico 4 on high, but just barely, Tropico 5 is going to run much slower. The game graphics, while not glitchy, seem sluggish and poorly optimized."
76561198032873045,Recommended,245620,19633406,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Empusas,"Not a bad game, allot of cool innovations I hope they improve on in later installments.  The era changes are interesting and have you thinking and planning ahead for the future.  The family and traits are also a very cool addition that adds more to the game.The things I think need attention and are the source of many of the negative scores...The game speed has to be the biggest.  You get your choice from paused to fast to UBER fast.  I was used to playing about every other Tropico game and enjoyed keeping the game in ""slow"" mode for a relaxed pace where I rarely if ever paused the game.  I know there are even more complaints you cannot adjust the speed in multi player mode but I have yet to venture into that realm.  But, I quickly learned with Tropico 5 I had to either play the majority of my time with the game in paused mode and occasionally unause it to let some time pass because time goes by so quickly you are literally flooded with events that you have no time to react to, let allone look around your island to pick a build plan and prime spots for your farms.  But if you don't mind pausing this game a TON, it is doable .. just wish they would give us the option to slow it down... I want to build a nice looking and efficient city for my islanders, not throw his here and enact that edict just to respond as fast to all the crisis that can stream at you 2 and 3 at a time.The other thing that definatly needs work is the resource ""routing"".  You may build a car plant that needs a resource not available on the island... you think ""no problem"" import it... but you import it and it sits in your dock while you plant has none until every dock has like 3k to sell and THEN the next delivery you get before you happen to sell some in one of your docks might actually be shipped to where it is actually desperately needed.  Another thing with the routing is the ""intelligence"" of your delivery drivers (or lack thereof).  IF you happen to have a mine to get that resource you need for that same car plant there is a major chance your delivery driver will deliver it to the dock to be sold instead of KNOWING your car plant should have 1st priority.  Shouldn't be too hard to fix for the coders but still not done.  The only way I've found to increase your chance of proper delivery is manipulating the road system in rediculously inefficient ways.  IE build only 1 road that goes to ALL your docks and force your delivery drivers to pass by every factory on their way to the docks..... Can you say Traffic Jam??With all this being said, I wanted to point out the couple of major flaws I found that if fixed would make this possibly the best Tropico game so far, but instead I see TONS of DLC for more money instead of listening to the masses asking for these improvements.  I think at this rate they are going to loose allot of fans for any future releases because they simply will not put fixing the 2 major flaws in the game ahead of asking for more money for additional content.I have had fun with the game once I learned to play it mostly on pause and just not bothering to build factories requiring any resource not allready on the island, so I would recomend giving it a try but possibly waiting for a price reflective of the expected fun in the game."
,Recommended,245620,19683725,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,piotrek.siejda,Must have for a linux gamer. I do not remember when I have had so much fun playing.
,Recommended,245620,20018679,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Fat Shibe UwU,I actually really enjoyed this game! In the end I built the largest military power KNOWN TO MAN ITSELF! I MADE THE CIVILLIANS PLEAD NOt TO BE SLAUGHTERED AT MY COMMAND!!! AHHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAA!!
,Recommended,245620,20154015,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,HeiX,"Tropico, the game series that lets you be a dictator over your very own island and here is my review of the fifth installment in this series.Pros:Fun gameTactic required (I like tactical games)Penultimo (Your right hand)Making fun of important real-life peopleStereotypic humorCons:Bad details when zoomed inBad details when your customizing your characterSummary:If we start off with the bad details, I can see why the game isnt so detailed when you are a bit zoomed in because you are supposed to play the game with a birdsview and not from a ground perspective.Then its an overall fun game which have got both stereotypic humor and makes fun of important real-life people such as Albert Einstein for example, they are doing that by turning his name into something funny sounding and giving him an awful german/english accent which puts a smile on your face.It is a bit of a tactical game since you need to keep everyone happy or atleast so many so that they dont start to rebelliate against you.When you fail it can and will feel a bit annoying but when you succeed your right hand Penultimo will be there to congratulate you personally making you feel like his god almost.´´Perfect game for the person who likes tactical games with an fun twist´´8/10"
76561198066254443,Recommended,245620,20107354,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Creedican (Weeb),Year 1: Didnt think of building defence.Year 2: Lost half of my stuff to pirates.Year 3: Build defence and went into debt.Year 4: Became FreeYear 5: People loved me and kicked me out of office.11/10 would please the citizens and be kicked out of office again!
76561198008819319,Not Recommended,245620,20134296,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Flanders016,Missions become unattainable. You don't know what criterias are required to complete a mission. You just have to go with chance. As the game gets harder ... you run out of luck! The game goes from fun to frustrating.
,Recommended,245620,20113647,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dalish,"Yeah i enjoy the game on sandbox, ive never really known the campaign though :P"
76561198136058016,Recommended,245620,20109990,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dick Inmyanus,"The British Empire can ♥♥♥♥ you at any time. Their is no better past time than executing civilians indiscriminately. Great life lessons for all the family, sell illegal items to bad people and you will succeed. 13.4/16.5"
,Recommended,245620,19965392,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,General Henri Guisan,Best dictator simulator...better then sims city.
,Recommended,245620,20223174,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Magnivilator,GOODBYE ENVIRONMENTALISTS! They ruined my Tropico 4 experience.This game is much better and worth the price :)
,Recommended,245620,12517316,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Brewski,"Love this series, however not nearly as good as Tropico 4, sadly. That's not to say there isn't hope, but I expected more.  That said, it's a fun time killer and stress reliever."
76561198048432308,Recommended,245620,17330313,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,KravenZeus,"A very interesting spin on the city builing/management simlualtion genre, I am thoughoroly enjoying it. :)"
76561197970740172,Recommended,245620,17232864,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,inviz,cant beat this classic series
76561198115812513,Recommended,245620,17232865,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,King Skywhale,"REALLY FUN. ADDICTING. You can make the world your own personal warzone, or your own sandbox for you to enjoy. If you like strategy, this game is pretty good. The one thing I have to say is that the soundtrack sounds more like a out-of-control party lead by a mariachi band. You can decide if that's a good or bad thing."
,Recommended,245620,17527868,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Goldie_Lox,"Superb game, but I kind of miss the previous Penultimo. 9/10"
76561198116897864,Recommended,245620,17556059,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,nerdinpink,It's insanely fun but also really difficult.
76561198007264721,Recommended,245620,17557521,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Jack_Fearthegn,"I've enjoyed every perumtation of this game I've played and number 5 is no different.  If you fancy setting yourself up as a Carabean Dictator, then this is the game you wish to purchase.  The expansion packs are hit or miss, but you don't need them to enjoy the game itself."
76561198093751686,Recommended,245620,17558619,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,demondbee,nice game
76561198156371015,Recommended,245620,17563434,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,John Folan,Fantastic little strategy game with a nice sense of ironic humour running through it.  Very highly recommended
,Recommended,245620,16376216,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,spaghetti and coffee,"I've killed thousands of these so called ""freedom fighters"", why don't they ever learn that I am their benevolent leader. Being a ""president"" is fun, I want to try it IRL someday."
,Recommended,245620,17810937,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,insane_joker_king,this is a fun game. I di have an issue with it though. Roads. They are a pain to place. Also time moves wat to fast. I feel I spend more time trying to keep my presedency than I do playing the rest of the game.
76561198043036741,Not Recommended,245620,17771247,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Clowndog,I would rather reinstall Tropico 4 than continue to play this.
,Recommended,245620,17775552,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,MasterBETA,"Tropcio 5 is the best installment yet of Tropico and I have been playing since the first one (the only one I did not play is the 2nd). Since the title has changed hands from Tropcio 2 -3 it has been welcomed. It still has the same charm, tongue-in-cheek nature, and overall style of the original.  Obviously it has better game play and graphics than older titles. It is one of the most fun quasi political/city builders out there. It is a very unique niche and I highly recommend it. The only major bug is that I always seem to be unable to delete roads in multiplayer. One mechanic they changed that I miss is auto imports and exports. I want to be able to import goods. For example robots require gold, let me auto-import gold. Lastly the last two titles especially this one has some very hit and miss DLCs. Some are good but most are a few dollars for a pointless outfit and one building and one new island. I hope the next installment they add more islands per map and more interactions with wars etc. make it the Caribbean and not just one island."
76561198109064165,Recommended,245620,16808132,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Canders19,"FUn, but can be a little harder than I would like."
76561198036732153,Not Recommended,245620,16751642,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Proxy,an Insanely hard version of tropico if you had a hard time in 4 or 3 this game is impossible on the lowest diffculty. if you had an easy time with 3 and 4 this game is very hard on low diffcultly the Happiness bar hates you the player and its insanely hard to raise happiness( btw happiness lowers a ton if your in debt or change the constitution)
,Recommended,245620,16753460,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Wang Chung Tonight,A good game but can get a bit buggy after you hit 1k population. Worth buying on sale but don't bother with all the cash grab DLC till they bundle it all for $5.
76561198143818551,Recommended,245620,16754306,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Redspartan0117,love it
76561198141051642,Recommended,245620,16559455,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jazzncolt123,Dont get this game unless you have a good graphics card because if you dont well you just wasted your money.But the game is pretty fun if you have the required graphics cards and such.
76561198048744605,Recommended,245620,22115531,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Diabeetles,It good
76561198202493506,Recommended,245620,22111705,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,French Toast,In my game when I got tanks it said it shot pineapels and I will not ask how pinaples kill a Axis Tank!? Still a fun game though! :)
76561198155172686,Recommended,245620,22131073,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,WetGeckoFart,This game is the best out of all the Tropicos!
,Recommended,245620,20238746,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pookie Brown Kid Detective,"Tried to declare independence, failed, raged, took several months to restart, tried again, succeed 10/10 would feel good again"
76561198135278272,Recommended,245620,18639514,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Hahalaweb,get it on sale
,Recommended,245620,22639979,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wadena,"I don`t get ""all"" the bad reviews out there of this game?I find it both fun and enjoyable with a funny humoristic take on things.No problems whatsoever in recommending this game if you are into city builders and ""light"" logistics.Tropico 5 is (for me at least) a relaxing yet stressful game with the right mix of components, and the music is stirring that Caribbean feeling well."
,Recommended,245620,22630919,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ALTA2017,10/10 Would dictate again
76561198015790160,Recommended,245620,22798204,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Washtali,"Generally pretty good. Have no issues with Single Player. Multiplayer, however, is a different story. When playing co-op, there are many instances where I cannot remove roads, even though they are right next to my buildings. Also Multiplayer is unreliable, when my friend and I are playing one of us often gets booted out of the game for no reason and with no warning. Even if we save, we are unable to reload and start playing the game again it simply does not work.As a single player experience though this is a great game. Difficult if you want it to be, easy if you want it to be. Great character, great music, and very tongue-in-cheek. The DLC are totally worth it if you get them on sale."
76561197991349005,Recommended,245620,22787174,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gablamy,Cool game
,Recommended,245620,22527310,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dominexx,This game is very fun. 5/7
76561197982520658,Recommended,245620,22534271,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,bro,"Most funny game experience since orginal Tropico :)Same climate, but with modern graphic!"
76561198079377033,Recommended,245620,22534745,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Wasted Youth,"Although I enjoyed Tropico 4, I was almost discouraged from buying this game by some of the negative reviews. I'm glad that a combination of boredom and curiosity eventually got the better of me, because in most respects, I found Tropico 5 to be even better than its predecessor. This review will cover the Complete Collection, and is aimed at those who have played previous versions and are wondering how this one measures up. If you've never played a Tropico game before and you like city builders, stop reading now and just buy it. It's addictive, has great replay value and is at times hilarious.The campaign in 5 is vastly superior compared to 4. The story is better and it's more fun to play. In 4, I found it really annoying that you had to start over on a new island for each level of the campaign. Just when I'd got a map to the point where I really liked it, I'd win the campaign and have to start from scratch again. In 5, this is not the case. You alterate between two maps throughout the campaign (although the number of maps increases as you progress to the later levels) and your progress from the previous level is saved. So when you start a new level, you'll get the map you previously worked on, exactly as you left it. Sometimes you'll get a choice of which of your previous maps you want to play on. In some of the tougher parts of the campaign, your choice of map can make the difference between winning and losing.Which brings me to another point in 5's favour (at least for me): The campaign is more challenging than it was in 4. Even on medium difficulty, I had to replay certain chapters several times and really think about my strategy in order to beat them.Instead of playing with one dictator and levelling up various traits, you'll now be able to switch between dynasty members who each offer different types of bonuses for your settlement. At certain points in the campaign you'll be offered the opportunity to add new members to your dynasty. You can customise the appearance of dynasty members and level them up by spending money from their Swiss bank accounts. You can also switch between them by deciding which family member is going to stand for election.In my opinion, the DLC is much better implemented in 5 than it was in 4. For example, it's no longer a no-brainer to upgrade apartment blocks to modern apartments. I found that I needed some of each in order to get the balance right between housing satisfaction and what my people could actually afford. There are also some great new buildings; I never knew how much I needed a drone command center to annihilate criminals or ""accidentally"" take out citizens with low opinions of their benevolent ruler.Finally, I'll briefly address some aspects of 5 that other reviewers have cited as negatives: Yes, it costs money to uncover foggy parts of the map ($1000 per exploration mission, to be exact). However, you can send a search party to just about anywhere on the island. Also, the map is automatically completely revealed after a few chapters, irrespective of where you have explored in the past. You can vastly reduce the expense of exploration by making strategic decisions about where to send your party.It is true that you can't control your troops in combat, and I'll concede that my so-called professional soldiers made some tactical decisions so stupid that I doubted they had completed grade school, let alone high school. Instead of grouping up then ambushing the enemy, lone squads insisted on trickling off and tackling squads four times their size. You can ameliorate this issue somewhat by grouping your military structures together and around buildings that the enemy is likely to target, but the fact that your army is seemingly comprised of complete idiots does get frustrating at times.TL:DR - if you liked 4, get 5. It's more difficult than its predecessor, but once you get the hang of the nuances that have been introduced in this version, it's a lot more fun."
,Recommended,245620,22573751,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,tdk5001,"The Tropico series has been great and although the game keeps its character, it evolves with every series in different directions - which is something the developers can and should be proud of.I do like the history timeline that was added to this latest edition and I think some of the mechanics in terms of transportation have been improved!What I would like to see in the next edition is:- return to more micromanagement of the people. I do think that the managers' system that was introduced in this edition is a very good idea but yet I would like to see more individuality in this and almost would like to be able to employ the closest and best managers to work for me from when I find them until they die.. (pretty much)- I would like to see more competition from the different faction leaders and more individuality to those throughout the game as part of the resistence, maybe introducing parades, protests etc. against ""the regime"" so that they feel like real competitive individuals and not just random computer generated people who run against you in elections..- I would like to see more customisation of your own character and your managers (based on the idea above) and maybe potentially your main opponents (my second point above).. that would further enhance the individuality and the presence of real opponents.- I would like to see more technology, more choice of buildings of the same type, maybe even be able to somehow affect the cars/transportation your people are using.. (obviously all of that can and probably should be done in following DLCs)- I think the dynasty idea in this edition has been handled very well and the fact that you can have a number of dynasty members is a great introduction, but I would like to see more traits, more character and, again, individuality in each member.. almost on the principles of traits in Total War series.. or maybe even Sims..- I think the economy in this edition has been handled amazingly well but I would like to have more control on the import / export and production / consumption of goods. This has been addressed to an extent in this game but I think it would be cool if, for instance, when people only have one type of food - they protest... or for instance you can do edicts which are related to all products in trade and consumption.. the whole geopolitics and trade has to be developed further and resources have to be made renewable or inexhaustible (mainly mines)..Anyway.. that's just a few ideas off the top of my mind.. and I realize they are very onerous and time/budjet consuming ideas probably.. but I do think that this is the direction that this game has to be evolving into. Nevertheless, amazing work by all and everyone who has been part of this project! The graphics, the gameplay, the character of the game, the sound effects, music, voices, the mechanics of the game... great great job!"
76561198003646788,Not Recommended,245620,21258826,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Wilson,"Extremely disappointing. I liked Tropico 4. But there are almost no new features here, the campaign is DULL AND BORING, and the few 'updates' they have bothered to add are laughably bad (combat particularly stinks). The new graphics aren't all that exciting either.Don't bother. I've already re-installed Tropico 4."
,Recommended,245620,20866705,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,SprayAndPray,"Good Game, New Features, only down side is that it doesnt carry over the really good features from Tropico 4"
76561197979536316,Not Recommended,245620,21085430,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,daren.black,"A step backwards from T4, sloppy & careless effort.  T4 gave you much greater control & insight in to the development of your city, T5 just seems broken & incomplete, particularly in how the player accesses (or fruitlessly attempts to access) info about what's going on with citizens, buildings, or the city as a whole."
,Recommended,245620,20927344,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,AlabamaAngyl,"I like this game enough, but they changed a LOT from previous iterations of the game. The voice actor for Penultimo is different, and it just doesn't ""feel"" the same to me at times. The graphics seem a tad more... well... cartoony... to me. I'm hoping they do better the next time around. However, the story is decent, and the campaign is challenging without being too difficult, as 4 became at times. Some might say it's too easy, though. I still give it a recommend, but barely."
,Recommended,245620,21140232,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SWAG Lord Yuki,"Nice strategy game, with alot of interesting aspects.Also the soundtrack is amazing."
,Recommended,245620,21139355,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SLOPECity,Super fun. I would definitely get this
,Recommended,245620,21115900,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,xyz4512,"I'm fairly big Tropico fan and I have played all of them. Out of all them this one sits close the middle overall. Visually it looks good and easily a step forward from previous releases. The story isn’t the best, but this is a Tropico game and I wouldn’t play it for the story. The multiplayer is also a welcome addition and offers some interesting ideas. Gameplay feels like a step back from previous titles, but the game is still very playable. As a city builder it’s more or so fairly shallow, but an enjoyable experience. This is one of those games that’ll you’ll sink 10-20 hours in, get bored, and then comeback every couple of months for another 10-20 hour session.For the price I paid(got it on sale): 7.5/10"
76561198122928545,Recommended,245620,19905923,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Brave Rogue,"Muito bom o modo de jogo, até mesmo o modo multijogador é muito bom"
76561197970731733,Not Recommended,245620,19910059,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,joe •̫̀●́,core game is less content than tropico 4. DLC DLC DLC seems to be the cash cow this game is trying to milk
76561198122632662,Not Recommended,245620,19934168,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Rostan,"Note: I changed my recommendation to negative, due to the lack of continued support for this game. It is overall a good game, but bugs and simple flavour-killing lack of diversity are not being addressed at all by the developers, who instead came up with far less useful DLCs adding e.g. military buildings to the already overblown diversity, etc. My initial review for this game was positive, though the lack of further development and eveb basic support made me change my mind.Anyway, the plus for the game:The game is still quite amazing in terms of how it feels. True, like many of the posters have noted, it lacks some features present in Tropico 4. However, it also has numerous improvements.Among the pros, I would like to note:- Nice graphics (especially the nature).- Funny (albeit fewer) radio comments and funny edict and challenge commentaries.- Basic but enriching research compontent.- Much better military component.- One can now keep older buildings and build them in later eras. No longer will a hurricane force you to reconstruct everything a la Hong Kong like in Tropico 4 MT. I love this part as it makes the cities look much more organic, with historic cores, CBDs and 1970´s stile social housing coexisting in harmony.- Improved economic system and high diversity of industrial supply lines.- Upgraded diplomacy.- The population limit is rather adequate.- I think the political system is better, icluding tought competitive elections with faction leaders (rather than 17 year old farmer girls).- Better optimization as compared to T4.Among the cons, of which there are numerous as opposed to T4:- Some useful buildings no longer present (tourism attractions are now all but a skeleton). Ditto for some interesting edicts.- Rudimentary tourism component. I cannot stress this enough. All tourists have just 1 male and 1 female skin, and buildings and attractions have been dumbed down to ""barely existing"".- Colonial epoch very basic, albeit a useful learning tool early on.- Information cumbersome and poor. Tropico 4 almanach was much better. The one in Tropico 5 is broken and the developers have never bothered to fix it, focusing on wacky DLC instead. Also, one can no longer use overlays like housing occupancy, which is a shame.- Lack of ability to zoom up to street level, without mods.- Building and person skins are reduced to a bare, unrealistic, simplified minimum. Gone are the super-diverse, gritty yet detailed looks of Tropico 4, replaced with some generic undiversified construction patterns.- The DLC policy is weird, and most DLC buildings are extremely odd (and in my opinion poor choices). You will still not get a chance to build separate police and firemen buildings, or to have 2 different skins for tenements, but you have 4 types of floating buildings and 12 types of military random edifices. These game design choices are difficult to understand for me.Overall, still a very good game. After buying it, I said I will not return to Tropico 4 any time soon, despite missing certain features. In the end, I did, as the lack of support and weird design choices have robbed Tropico 5 of its full potential, and have made it go - IMHO - along the Kalypso path of increasingly sub-par games."
76561197964073187,Recommended,245620,19923740,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Raj,I really like this series but tbh its pretty much a  slightly modified reskin of the previous games which is fine but some features are gone and some have just been changed certain features where better in previous games. it would be much better if they simply kept whats there and added on to it rather then they way they seem to it.BLAH BLAH BLAH words!
,Not Recommended,245620,19984754,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Patchateeka,"It's fun as long as you can get it to work. Even disabling my firewall, the launcher almost never opens."
,Not Recommended,245620,19002800,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Captionist,To be honnest i played Tropico 4 with much love.and hoped this game would have the same replay ability. It was fun for the first couple hours but all the overpriced dlc where the last drop to spill my tropical drink i wouldn't recommend buying this if youre expecting Tropico 4's big brother. It was good while it lasted...
,Recommended,245620,19987599,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Around999People,"I enjoy city building games and I have done so for years now. I've played Tropico 3 and it was an ok game, nothing too great about it. Then I got this game when I saw that it had a time progression aspect to it.The game isn't perfect, but it is one of the best city building games I've played and I've been coming back to it over time."
,Recommended,245620,14529607,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,mwyeoh,"Ive played this game quite a lot, especially since Patch 1.10There is now more transparency with building efficiency which is appreciated, and trade routes are a new and interesting feature (As is dynasty members).Production for buildings has been simplified as people no longer need to be inside the building for it to produce its good, and service/entertainment buildings now have citizens assigned to them, which streamlines the game but means city planning becomes less important as citizens no longer need to travel to the buildings to use them. Purely aesthetic nowThere is now a research tree, but it is a static tree and you will quickly find your favorite way to progress in itThere is however less transparency with resource prices and faction attitudes (Factions also play a lesser role in the game now)The new combat system is fun. Its a pity we dont have a little more control over our troopsWith the addition of the mission editor, it has breathed new life into the game. Pity alot of the player generated maps are not that great (There are some standouts however)The Devs have said at this point that there is no more DLC planned, so the whole game can be purchased when on sale for under USD$30 (Base game at $10 when on sale with $20 DLC- must haves are Espionage and Waterbourne, but all of them are good)"
,Recommended,245620,19856701,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,EroticPotato,A very enjoyable city builder. I wish they had left all of the buildings they had in Tropico 4 as well as adding new ones. Some of the buildings in 4 were very useful to me ex:the weather station. It feels like this one is a step backwards. Campaigns and DLC are very enjoyable.8/10
,Not Recommended,245620,19859536,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,FrAggZ_EvRywEr,"i didnt enjoy this game. I spent 40$ on this game, and I didnt have that much fun. I think that it is a great game, but just not interesting or fun for me. I couldnt get past the first 3 hours of a map, and I never really tried it before. If your into a game that is like this, a tropical island, then you should get this, but for me, It was a BIG mistake."
,Not Recommended,245620,19693035,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,STOOGEN,"Sim city style city builder game with a fun outlook of playing as a caribbean dictator. The gameplay is fun and the humor is funny however the big addition of military and combat they added in 5 is why I would not reccomend this game. The combat is awful, you cannot control your troops, make any deployment decisions or really do anything with them at all. When you are invaded, your military buildings will spawn soldiers who will then charge into the fight and that is all there is to it, the combat is boring and not well implemented."
76561197981232009,Not Recommended,245620,20235961,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,General Voroshilov,getting graphic errors.triangles allover
,Recommended,245620,20272697,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,SGT.Bullrockツ,Really awesome game!For everyone who likes strategie games you should try Tropico 5!Also its really nice and fun to play it with a friend in a multiplayer mode.
76561197969320416,Recommended,245620,20338964,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Barker Ashpaws,Build a ring of bunkers around your palace and then just drain all the wealth out of your citizens. The stupid ♥♥♥♥s never stop immigrating to your Island so there will be a steady inflow. When you have mountains of skulls summon the old ones and ascend to your rightful place.
,Recommended,245620,20328508,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Foxysen,"Tropico 5 is yet another sequel to Tropico, a series of city-building games as dictator of Banana Republic. This one was released in 2014 by Haemimont Games. At least they waited 3 years since Tropico 4. Now with multiplayer!It also came out for Xbox 360 and PS4. Xbox One version is planned. Don't know of any good difference. So relax and enjoy PC version.Technically there was a huge slashback because the game requires videocards that support DirectX 11 and nobody ever reads System Requirements. Or maybe it wasn't written at launch, I didn't check back then. Also, some complaints about bugs, but most of it probably got fixed by now.Multiplayer community seems to be here. It employes chat-room and I can see a dozen of players here, with messages popping up that somebody is making a new game. So it may take 5-10 minutes to get game running, but at least it's not empty. Most often you see games of World War era with tons of starting money and no victory requirements, I guess that people here favour deathmatch type of games.So, Tropico 5.Main plot of this part is that Penultimo grew a moustache.Unlike Tropico 4 which barely added anything to Tropico 3, Tropico 5 changed few things up. I don't know about others, but I am thankful that I don't have to do more of same tactics and that it became a bit more challenging in mechanics too.I mean, from one point some may think that game got dumbened down. For example, you set one of 5 pre-defined budget on each building unlike previous Tropico games where you could set any wages you wanted to each building. But where Tropico 1 was so difficult that you had to care about such thing, in Tropico 3 and 4 it mattered little, as in those games you just slammed production and then Industry building onto island and would go on fiesta as money rained on your head, once in few years increasing wages for everybody by one to keep them happy. At least Tropico 5 budget increases effectiveness as well, like Teamsters can carry more.Yea, it's not Tropico 1. But at least they refocused around to make it more interesting, less fluff. Or at least different. Because after playing Tropico 3 and 4 I am happy with some core difference.You now can advance through the four eras. To reach each new era you usually have to research all era's stuff and then do little quest of sorts. I actually love strategies where you can advance through era, combining both historical interest along with seeing all your units and buildings getting upgraded (Where is Empire Earth on Steam, Rebellion?!). Not so much here, being too tongue-in-cheek for historical and not updating looks of everything as often. But hey, still something.- Colonial era. Allows only extraction of island's raw resource. Out of industry there is only Lumber Mill, which is like a middle between Woodcutting and Furniture anyway. Out of foreign powers there is only The Crown and it's pretty linear, as you have to increase revolution supporters on island, mostly by side quests. Also, no healthcare at all. Watch Royalists die. No elections, but your time on governer's seat is limited and you have to do The Crown missions to increase them. Interesting, but linear.- World War era. Now with two foreign powers and more classical Tropico gameplay with elections. You now get access to industry to finally make tons of money. Just make sure to have a good standing with both factions when advancing to next era.- Cold War era. You now have access to tourism. I actually didn't figure out how to make tourism effective, I still would focus on production as always. I did notice that Tourism houses are quite expensive, hm. It probably isn't so nice that it gets introduced this late.- Modern Times era. Now a whole bunch of foreign powers, but only US can invade you. Have access to everything. Not much else to say.Another awesome thing is trade system. In Tropico 4, which introduced it, I remember it being as something automatic and then I stopped caring. Here you have limited ships which can carry limited amount of recources per once and you have to set each ship to any trade routes that you got. You may find out that the only industry export is for steel for 10 years, so you can choose to build Steel factory. And then find out that your Iron mines ran out and you now have to import some iron. It's quite good addition.Then comes a whole bunch of small differences. Like, budget instead of wages. Or you can set a manager for each building for additional bonuses, reminding me of Tropico 2. Hm, actually some music track reminds me of that part too, that game was focused on Pirate theme.You also have improved battles handling. You can't control them, but battles now look like battles and offense will try to destroy some of infastructure, quickly moving between then, until getting to the palace. While defence still rushes dumbly all over the map from the base. Build watch towers to slow down offence, yep.Or the wacky way that buildings are being built. Seems like the construction workers have to touch it once for it to slowly get 17% or so built automatically by itself for next few seconds. But I had little issue with constructions in this game, so it must work better with this AI.Or you have now a whole dynasty of El Presidente on a map. But in this game you can't control them at all, only set some as managers. So they are just there hanging around for bonuses. And hey, you got use for Swiss bank now as you get to upgrade family.Actually, you can't do some micromanaging things of dictatorship now. Like, no golden statue to waste money on. Or you can't move your presidente to attack rebels or speed up construction. Or you can't easily win votes by promising things. Though no complaints as it brings some challenge back, selling bonds to get money to do something fancy to impress people with.Heck, people even say that it doesn't even have a prison to arrest people into.Even though I remember that I could build some prisons in Cold War era. Wait.Ohhhh, they updated game since then: putting save feature into multiplayer, implenting Steam Workshop and putting a prison building for free. Nice. You would think that they would make it part of their tiny DLCes.Oh, and there is campaign. It's quite nice. Humor. The Order. You now have few island and game will make sure that you will revisit all of them, having to do stuff on top of your early mistakes.Sadly, announcers and music is a bit less awesome. Especially radio announcer, who is some girl who keeps inviting men to Jolly Roger for fun times. And punishes players for building lumber mill by proving the world that she can do the most annoying sound ever. At least each tiny DLC now promises a new music track.Well, and multiplayer. You can play it competevily and cooperatively. It's still works as good as you can imagine such city-building to be. Mostly that army rushing isn't all that fitting to game's pace and that players don't really interact much otherwise. But hey, at least some of random objective are challenging, like getting 100000 of team money. Can share recources and connect roads with same team too.Oh well, I can see it being really nice with friends.Tropico 5 is interesting part, trying to reform some parts of gameplay and I like some of the stuff that it does. It's a bit more challenging than Tropico 4, but it doesn't have as much of Dictatorship funzies. As for me, I am happy that it's not more of same like T4."
,Recommended,245620,20583803,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ViPz__killer,good game worth a buy
,Recommended,245620,20388457,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Rene Ramirez,Amazing game. Cant have enough
,Recommended,245620,30676928,Posted: 22 March,all,Chapel,"Oh yeah, play this all the time on my other account. The soundtract is truly incredible. Watch the trailers and you'll know that your in for."
76561198094717037,Recommended,245620,20457407,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,taylor.hansen93,"I play sandbox mostly, have dabbled a teeny bit in campaign. I love wasting hours trying to build the perfect island.."
,Recommended,245620,20462959,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,G1GHORTRIDER,"While some claim Tropico 4 is better this is still pretty great seeing as kalypso finally added some much needed change to the Tropico franchise with things such as the colonial era, and world war era, and fixing some issues from the previous version. Plus its dlc is pretty unique with some adding new military buildings, spy networks, and my favorite waterbourne wich addes various types of floating buildings"
76561198101994125,Not Recommended,245620,13624468,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ladyheather_86,"Compared to Tropico 3 and 4... I genuinely do not like it. To the point where I am wondering why I bothered buying it.You are stuck using only 2 maps repeatedly and you pick up from where you left off on the last mission, which makes it easier and for me; much more BORING! I liked these games because they were challenging, now... well let's just say I won't be rushing to buy the next one..."
76561198045359614,Recommended,245620,13619349,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Stinky Joe!,"Played through the whole story and had a great time, love the Tropico series.   Now time for 100+ hours of sandbox fun.  10 outa 10."
,Recommended,245620,13654041,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,isoke81,"Has the difficulty of Tropico 3 with cool graphics, with new gameplays such as Research, Eras, and Dynasties."
,Not Recommended,245620,13642968,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mince,"I loved Tropico 4, but I can't find much to love in this game. It simply isn't worth the purchase."
,Recommended,245620,13645950,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Yomatius,Oh this is so good. The atmosphere and soundtrack are amazing. It is very funny and at the same time complex and quite realistic. The moment I appointed a corrupt friend to head the national customs and issued import regulations to line up my Swiss bank account I felt like a real life dictator. They should do a financial banker edition. 10/10 recommended.
,Not Recommended,245620,13646810,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,htreharn046,"It's alright. It's anther Tropico game, about the same as the others.-The graphics are ok but I've been getting a lot of clipping and weird things happening with the water.- The fighting is not really all that great. You need to build a large military, which takes up a lot of building space unless you want to be over run by british, americans, russians, pirates, and rebels.- Building variety could have been much better. There's pretty much only one look for the buildings in the game.- The eras are a little annoying. You click some buttons, wait for ""research"" and then move onto the next one.- There is a low population cap which means everyone starts emigrating around the cold war and will collapse your economy.- The DLC is pretty pricey and is worth maybe half of what they're selling it for.I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have bought this had I known it wouldn't be as good as Tropico 4. Just looking forward to the next Tropico game and hoping it turns out better."
76561198117654511,Recommended,245620,13647224,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Fatllama,"It is good, but not as good as tropico 4. Not as humorous and a bit harder. Multiplayer makes ups for blunders though."
,Recommended,245620,13868537,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Mercy Killing - Road to 3k MMR,"O M G!!!  8-O  Beautiful graphics,  real-life missions , and music that inspires my fingers to play Spanish guitar.   Strongly recommended!"
,Not Recommended,245620,13858522,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,benp78,Had a lot more fun with Tropico 4 - I think the game designers decided that adding more stuff was great without considering the quality or utility of the extra layers.
76561198116261366,Recommended,245620,13345557,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,mark.kruisdijk,has a good challange and is funny
,Not Recommended,245620,13362733,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Anders,"I have a pretty good idea how Tropico 6 will be: Almost the same as Tropico 3 but with a new number at the end of the title. There are very few differences between Tropico 4 and 5, gameplay wise. The new features have little influence on how the game are played and doesn't add much fun. Very few new buildings added and some removed since 4... but I guess that's what DLCs are for.Please stop selling the same game over and over again with a new number at the end of the title."
76561198101310240,Recommended,245620,14059797,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Matthewpb,"This game was very entertaining, being able to build a tropical paradise (or not) is something we all want to do right?Although I find it somewhat lack-luster, I expected much more variety in the shape of buildings, multiple islands and a few different models of each building. With all that said, nothing's perfect hey!I would still recommend this game to anyone who enjoys building/economy games such as Sim City."
76561198088477302,Recommended,245620,14060464,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,This be ken,"I love it so much the game is awsome,but it could use alot more buildings. also the dlc in the right place just over priced."
,Not Recommended,245620,14050196,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tata Urs,"2015, still no bridges."
76561198067370208,Recommended,245620,13802142,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,jaredoleson,"Tropico 5 is a great addition to one of my favorite city builder/political games, adding new timezones and more in depth use of management in part with new graphics make this the best addition to the series thus far."
76561198039611961,Not Recommended,245620,14063998,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Masamune,like all the old ones just prettier and with all the aspects that made it unique taken out.... its Sim City Cuba Now
,Recommended,245620,13560948,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Izazael,"Disclaimer: I bought this having only played a few hours of Tropico 4, so if you're a die-hard Tropico fan I'm sure you'll disagree (loudly and with secret police) at my opinion.Tropico 5 is an enjoyable world-building game with a dictatorial flavour to it. The multiplayer is interesting, but ultimately unrewarding and I've found it to be extremely buggy:  some players crash or suddenly slow down, save corruptions, and connectivity issues that crash the game have led me to not want to even bother with multiplayer anymore.The single player game, however, is highly addictive and mostly fun. Finding new and interesting ways to juggle faction support, global superpowers, and the demands of the populace is always entertaining. Tropico 5 is definitely worth a go if you like quirky world-building games but, if you're after something a bit more solid, you're probably better off sticking with Civ."
76561198061007443,Not Recommended,245620,14043809,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,otaar1,"I have been a huge fan of the Tropico series, despite the issues and problems they have had.  And while a few improvements have been made over the predecessors many new faults and an overall less playability plague this release. Disappointing."
76561198030070690,Recommended,245620,12250200,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ccwettr123,"A good game, but the dlc is a little pricy for what it contains."
76561198030070690,Recommended,245620,12250209,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ccwettr123,"A good game, but the dlc is a little pricy for what it contains."
76561198030070690,Recommended,245620,12250218,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,ccwettr123,"A good game, but the dlc is a little pricy for what it contains."
,Recommended,245620,12279189,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Winter,"Ok I only recommend this game for anyone who has _never_ played Tropico before. Otherwise I'm on the same side as everyone else who says Tropico 5 doesn't bring anything to the table that Tropico 4 didn't already have except multiplayer if you are into that sort of thing.I find Tropico 5 to be sort of a handicap actually, in that the information the game gives you is a lot less than previous versions. Namely that is what you have, what your selling, how much profit you make making off it in the Almanac view. So micromanagement of these things is more intense and makes the financial management duties of the game a bit harder. The trade window isn't that intuitive either. Al these things take time and money lost to figure out. I'm still figuring it out actually.On a side note, a pet peeve of mine remains as in previous versions and that is the awkward way in which you connect buildings to roads. It is an annoyance actually. Sure the game is built on a ""new engine' but I don't see any improvements except in some graphics.I do think the change up in buildings is a plus. Some were merged,  and some new ones took their place.The new campaign method of jumping between two islands you have alreayd developed and the multiplayer mode certainly add in refreshing mix to the game.That said, it could be my last tropico. With all that is new, I still find it to be the same game with slightly different rules and a new paint job. I've played since verison 1 and I had a wonderful time. The only thing I really look forward to in this version is the new multiplayer mode.TLDR: If you are new the series, you will enjoy Tropico 5, but I do not recommend it over Tropico 4."
,Recommended,245620,11267828,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Imperator,Great game bu need developments.Exp. this game need railway etc.
76561197973228288,Recommended,245620,11270296,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ninjaducky,"Yes, it is good, but one can't help feel that it is somewhat lacking when compared to its predecessor."
76561198073213602,Recommended,245620,11765231,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Buschy129,Really fun game to play.
76561198007596099,Not Recommended,245620,11749497,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,白鐘 直斗,"After buying this game, and after an hour of waiting, it hasn't given me the activation mail I need to play it and I have tried over five different email addresses. I tried with Yahoo, gmail and hotmail and none of those are receiving any email. I read that other people are experiencing this problem and that they have spent morethan ten hours of waiting without receiving anything. I won't recommend this game because of this and this is a good way to lose money for nothing. Until this problem is resolved, stay away, stay FAR away."
76561198105268016,Not Recommended,245620,11750119,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Billbo Tea Baggins,"i met the requirements but the game continues to fail to start, bewary of this game."
,Recommended,245620,11758950,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,[11B] Seraph702,"Great Game, mods make up lost or negleted functions great for passing the time away."
76561198083650839,Recommended,245620,11759330,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Terminator4712,Its an awsome game for whoever sees this
76561197971536276,Recommended,245620,11520318,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,nomanGarden,nothing new. If you already own Tropico 4 don't buy it
,Not Recommended,245620,11741198,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,ImperialNerd,"The options are limited compared to earlier games. I see the DLC spamming already, EA would be proud."
,Recommended,245620,11745425,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Momento Mori,"Tropico 5 was absolutely a must play game. I read both positive and negative reviews from people. However, I decided to try it myself. (Buy now during the anniversary sale!!). Since I am a newcomer to this franchise, I found it had fascinating gameplay and a very good graphic.Please complete the tutorial first, then you will familiar with the game. I can assure that."
,Recommended,245620,11747829,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Devildog,Love this game.Alot better then the 4th one being its not the same mission each time.Its always different.
,Recommended,245620,11731751,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Juicy Thunder Liker,"Still missing Juanito and no luchador costume, 0/5 stars"
76561198035462735,Recommended,245620,11731864,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,protoncowboy,it is fun
76561198065154250,Recommended,245620,11734348,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,God-Emperor of America,"USSR invades me, Citzens revolt, and Rebels attack! All while losing money!!!  10/10 for being that dictator you always wanted to be"
,Recommended,245620,11710085,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Warrior2320,AWESOME!
76561197982065401,Not Recommended,245620,11713271,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Tarrak,"Whoever owns Tropico 4 should stay with it rather than get Tropico 5. It is most unfortunate that the game has become less transparent, less logical and most importantly, a lot less fun but a lot more stupid. That it is also less varied and in single play a lot shorter just twists the knife in the wound."
76561198044495129,Recommended,245620,15526152,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,macmaxim,"A little limited from the other versions.  The extention packs should be included.  Limited islands and avatar development.  Too many Hispanic Family names, should include others from different races."
76561198112447827,Not Recommended,245620,15005637,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,mesropd,"Liked this game, at first recommended, but now change my opinion until this workaround is fixhttp://www.gameskinny.com/dazp4/tropico-5-power-plant-shortage-fix"
,Recommended,245620,13731710,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Meme Jihadi,Penultimo... oh Penultimo... why Penultimo100000/10 would Penultimo again
76561198031027214,Not Recommended,245620,14701216,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Montee,Have played since the original and found each version fun. Seems to have peaked with 4 it is much more fun than this version. They watered down great things about the game and put in annoying crap instead. Approval rating of 97% and 7 rebels turned my game into a 91% approval rating yet an angry mob was destroying everything in less than six months. Stupid.
,Not Recommended,245620,13777578,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,iki_balam,"Tropico 5 has taken the Tropico franchise to new lows. The best way to descibe the dissapointment is the lack of life and character this game has. The new systems and mechanics are nice, but dont really inject anything amazing into the series. There are also a lot of really dissapointing aspects to the game, such as no ultra zoom to the street level, no real leveling up of your Dynasty, terrible enemy AI (super powers always spwan in the same area), and reduced options for traffic managment.If you are new to the franchise, Tropico 5 is a fun game. There are some good improvments to mechanics in general. However, Tropico 4 and 3 have way more content and flavor. Look Yanqui, these Tropicans just want your money65%"
,Recommended,245620,10297118,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Goldseeker,"Must buy for Tropico fans, and for everyone who likes city-building sims"
76561198117574978,Not Recommended,245620,14640609,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,greggg2322,"A more annoyingly difficult version of the last game, giving you less freedom and more headache without any point or purpose as to why they implemented the frustrating new restrictions other than to differentiate itself from the last installment. Do yourself and your wallet a favor and buy the previous version instead of playing this one for all of a day and then never playing it again out of disgust and frustration."
,Recommended,245620,14422065,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mandalin.cd,Fun and challenging!
76561198027257731,Not Recommended,245620,14424933,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Arcamean,"While I would love to recommend this game as the early part is quite fun, once you get into the cold and world war eras the fun is quite... random. Rebels will appear and while that's expected what's frustrating is the inability to tell what's making them agitated and how to calm them down. I had a game where I was at 100% approval and an uprising occured! If I was in the 20's or even 40's I could understand but 100!? There's also a glaring lack of feedback when it comes to individual buildings such as entertainment. If these issues ever got fixed I'd recommend it but for now I'd say save your money."
76561198009382852,Recommended,245620,14426628,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,varacalli,"An Economy only based on papaya? CHECKIntense Deficit Spending? CHECKLLAMAS???? CHECKThis wonderful tropical paradice has everything any would be dictator could ask for!! and so much more!!!!!!!!!!Fight for your lands and replace the tirany of others with YOUR absolute control. Fight for your independence in the largest revolution your tiny backwater nation has ever seen!!! Fight in the world wars against (or FOR??? D: ) the axis powers alongside your allies! Hold off invasions from the capitalist pigs in america, and fend off communist revolutions from the communist dogs of russia! Emerge in the new world as the nuclear SUPERPOWER you have always dreamed of as a child. Recruit family members to expand your dynasty, but remember... YOU ARE EL PRESIDENTE!!! YOU HAVE THE POWER!!!! YOU WILL RULE THE WORLD AND MAKE THE SO CALLED ""SUPER POWERS"" BEG AT YOUR FEET FOR FORGIVNESS WHILE THE MIGHT OF TROPICO REIGNS SUPREME OVER ALL MANKIND!!!!!! ALL PRAISE EL PRESIDENTE!!!!... or at least that is what Pinotimo tells you ;)"
,Recommended,245620,14409692,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BleuRetriever,I have fallen in love with this series and each game just gets better! I plan on logging even more hours into this game than I have in the previous versions! The DLC could use a bit more in them but they are cool.
,Recommended,245620,14595111,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Wu Ziheng,"TLDR: It's a brilliant city builder with loads of charm.I have been a fan of the Tropico games for a long time and I have to say I like this one the best.The Negatives: Let's get the negative out of the way. It's another Tropico game, some would say that's a good thing, others would not. Built up your island, update to a new era, build it up again. The formula has not changed much over the years.1) The DLC, while the DLC isn't necessary it adds a few new buildings, missions and usually one outfit. This seems like their selling off some of the content piecemeal and most of the DLC buildings don't add anything too interesting.2) The character customization is really lacking. After several titles under their belt I would have hoped the character customization would have been better. Male, female, a dozen outfits, a dozen colors, a dozen trim colors, a dozen hairstyles, etc. While this in theory seems like a lot of content, it's not really because half of the clothing options are absurd. Do you really want an astronaut with a clown nose and a Napoleon hat? Didn't think so.The Positives: The game is just oozing with charm. The characters, the storyline, the feeling of going back to the island after being away for so long is just exciting. If you love city builders with production chains you'll like this.1) The music is as good as it's always been. It really pulls you into the world that you create.2) The interactions are very interesting. Given the opportunity to send an heir off to college do you send them to Russia or the US, or do you send the off to a no-name school. Will they cause trouble, will they stay and never come back? There is a lot of variety to the missions.3) The game has never looked better. It's a gorgeous game to look at. I sometimes enjoy just letting the game run on standard speed and watch my little Tropicans go about their daily lives."
,Not Recommended,245620,14629149,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Ironoverkill,"Tropico 5 is a fun game. It adds a few new dynamics to the Tropico series, and is a good-looking product. As a part of the series, though, Tropico 5 was disappointing. The late game became quickly rife with bugs and issues such as crime with no real way to deal with them. Several buildings and elements were very blatantly missing from the game (as they had been in previous installments) meaning they would be bound up for a few bucks to be sold back to me in this new and exciting way! The decisions taken by the developers and publishers to withhold game data (literally, look it up) to sell access to it later for $5-$20 a piece, however, sets terrible precedent for the industry, and on a person to person level is just plain rude. The Tropico series has been a masterpiece in its uniquely deep yet lighthearted take on the genre, and to see the creators ignoring their fan base and wasting everyone's time with frivolous money-grabbing DLCs has seen this release step into the spotlight for ""How to Make Money and Disappoint Everyone."" I hope things turn around, though money I'd imagine speaks far louder than even the most abrasive criticism.TL;DR: Don't waste your money on this and the guaranteed Sims-sized-load of expansions and DLCs. If you've played Tropico 4, you may enjoy it's more linear cartoony atmosphere, but you'll be back playing Tropico 4 again in a month. If you haven't played Tropico 4, GO PLAY IT RIGHT NOW."
,Recommended,245620,14612246,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,maxuzz,"Good game, many new buildings and actually a good story. Its not waste of money."
76561198130918501,Recommended,245620,14616997,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,White Milk,Excellent game. Well dimensioned. Very addicting
76561198038311578,Not Recommended,245620,14603918,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,H/N Kinsha,"Tropico 5, the latest installment of the tropico series. As much as I enjoy the whole tropico series. (From the first Tropico, through today's) I am getting SICK AND TIRED of each DLC being one building, one mission, one map, or one of something costing 4 dollars or 20 dollars. This is similar to what simcity 2015 does with the DLCs and extremely close to what sims 4 does. I must say the base game is extremely done well, but I would NOT buy any of the DLCs until they are on sale for like .99 USD.HOWEVER all that considered the graphics are done well, the multiplayer is done well. Alot of the game is done well. I would say there is nothing terrible except for the way they are doing the DLCs. That being said I will be giving Tropico 5. THUMBS DOWN. reason : I feel that 3 dollars for a single building, outfit, mission is too much money. AKA Greed."
,Recommended,245620,14664944,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,No my lord!,"Having played every Tropico game since the very first, this still holds true to the spirit of the series.It's worth the money if you liked the previous games, although I wish they would release small free DLC every now and then."
76561198045154213,Recommended,245620,14669070,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Arshipel,"Welll wellll welll if you like strategy and building your own city, this game has great details of fun ! A little bit of bugs about roads but if they fix it,i would be greatfull =) Commandantes choose your island !"
,Not Recommended,245620,10210775,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,JamesPop,not as good as tropico 3 and 4 very dissapointed. tropico 4 was so good i got it on two computers
,Recommended,245620,14670555,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,jacksian3000,"Here's the thing about Tropico 5, yeah, it made some bad design decisions, it got rid of some features that I loved about Tropico 4, but alas, it's still fun, it's still really really fun, I like the era system plenty, I like some of the more positive design choices they made, It's still worth playing, just maybe not for $40.00, wait for a sale"
,Recommended,245620,15570300,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Ľubomír,"As a veteran Tropico player, I was slightly cautious because of mixed reviews. It turned, however, to be nicest surprise after all. I re-played the campaign for the second time (which I never did in Tropico 3 or 4), and when I was about to un-install game, I tried the multi-player option. Hilarious!What I especially liked in the campaign was the fact that player had to develop more isles over a period of time, which requires more planning and strategy, because consequences of past decisions lead to success or failure in present. Definitve a fun factor for me.As for multiplayer, the players compete to accomplish various goals and whoever has the more points in the end, wins. Players can use armies to attack each other to slow down their progress, but main focus is building and economy. There are more multiplayer modes, but the one mentioned is the best fun. Game speed is swift enough to finish the match in reasonable time.DLCs are nice addition and come usually with a new map, costume, building, mission related random events and a challenging scenario.Oh, and you can finally produce something (cars, electronics) from the bauxite!"
76561198049067108,Recommended,245620,14319819,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Officer Owl,The music is awesome
76561197970866188,Not Recommended,245620,10259514,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,The Maddog,I am a huge fan of the Tropic franchise but I have to admit Tropico 5 is a bit of a let down in comparison to previous games.Tropico 5 is feels aimed more at the console market gamers rather than PC gamers and as such a lot of the charm has been removed from the title because of it.  This isnt to say it's a bad game it just feels lacking to someone who played the last few games.If your new to the franchise go buy 3 or 4 or wait till it drops in price / goes on sale!Edit: Upon further play I can only say it's a huge let down in comparison to Tropico 3 and 4.
76561198030945055,Recommended,245620,10442148,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Fuzzy_Slipperz,nice clean follow-up to tropico4.
76561198043022256,Not Recommended,245620,13796768,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Andrew,A huge waste of money. This is nothing compared to Tropico 4. I wish i could get my money back.
76561198052409642,Recommended,245620,13796840,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,AdmiralChaos420,This is like Tropico for Dummys is seems to me that the whole overall ruleing system used to manage people happyness and political views have been made very simple in comparison to previous tropicos. I would think that they did this to open it to new market but it really hurts the game. Also they made presidenta  completely useless no more microing him all the things that he was used for is now replaced by a dynasty and managers.  All these changes make for a game that seems to run itself with little help from me :(. This is almost a game breaker for me but i am such a big fan of tropico that i cant help but play this one also. Also the♥♥♥♥♥♥that this was desigened with the X-Box 360 in mind the Graphics have suffered Major could list a bunch of things affeceded but wont. So with all this considered I will still recommend this game but only if you can overlook these things.
,Recommended,245620,13800248,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,whosurdaddy,"I LOVE IT AND GOT IT ON SALE, so win win for me ;)"
,Recommended,245620,13753740,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,BRAWNDO,It is an upgraded tropico 4 really. but a good upgrade. if you have tropico 4 then you arent missing much. but as your first tropico its great. and runs smooth as heck. if its on sale (as it is now at %50) then its a must buy. otherwise its your own call if its worth it.
,Not Recommended,245620,13756613,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,TreKhoeDep,The AI of the game is too bad. The attacks sometime are unacceptable
,Recommended,245620,13670781,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JcMauLer,"When I saw Tropico 5 on sale, I jumped on it. Tropico 4 was a decent addition to the genre and I expected Tropico 5 to do just the same. Boy it was a bit of a dissapointment. No real additions to the genre make it seem really drawn out. This is just another cut&paste cookie cuttter game. But it is not all that bad. Upgraded graphics and small improvements make the game slightly better than the previous titles. One major improvement...the addition of multiplayer. If you have friends who enjoy RTS/City-Builder games, this is a must buy. Mulktiplayer in this game pits two teams against each other with customizable win conditions (Money/Research/ETC.). It is tremendous fun to play with friends. But if you do not like multiplayer, or your friends do not enjoy this game, but tropico 3 (or 4 if you desire). I give this game a 54/100, for a lackluster attempt at originality, but the addictiveness of MULTIPLAYER adds a fun new element."
,Not Recommended,245620,13700411,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Daethz,"Games broken, roads barely work, randomly shoots you out of your game to menu without warning."
,Recommended,245620,13701547,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Blackjack4800,"This game is a must buy for people who enjoy government/city simulators. Tropico 5 has tons of content, tons of challenges, and makes the experience glorious! Even sandbox mode still gives many challenges, and put's your decisions to the ultimate challenges.11/10"
,Not Recommended,245620,13701608,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,bambam,"I want to give this a good review, but this is not what i hoped for. I loved tropico 4 with the humor, music, politics and election rigging. Have not seen that yet here.Bug however prevented me from playing more, and i did not care to start over."
,Not Recommended,245620,13690281,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Liberator,"I would love to write and actual reveiw of this game but I can't. Wondering why? It is because every time I get more than 5 minutes into a game the whole thing crashes. My system can definitely handle this game, but for some reason it crashes on the lowest settings! I have no clue why this happens but it ruined the game for me as I can only play 2 minutes at a time."
,Recommended,245620,13693067,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Rob Justice,Wait for a sale and until a dozen expansions are out for it. Then maybe you'll get a complete game at a decent price.It is fun though.
,Recommended,245620,13656618,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Michael Darmousseh,"Really fun game. If you like sim city or any kind of city builders, you will love this game."
,Not Recommended,245620,13661210,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,FamousGoose,"I had fun with tropico 5, simply because its another tropico game. Its pretty much the same as tropico 4. No big changes. I even think they removed a few nice options. I didn't have the feeling i was playing a different game, just an update on Tropico 4. So, if you don't have Tropico 4, buy that one. Pretty much the same, and cheaper."
,Not Recommended,245620,13661412,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Atomic_HolePuncher,"Honestly you are better off with Tropico 4. This new one just feels downright lazy and a bit cashgrabby.Things that are added are ok, but they removed way too much by comparison. Especially annoying that the multiple models per house are gone, its attack of the clones all over the place."
,Recommended,245620,13746022,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MomsSpaghetti,"Its tropico with light bloom! No seriously though its a great game, and improved on a lot of the core mechanics of what you have come to love of the game. However its hard to say they really ""stepped out of the box"" with this one. It really does not bring a lot new to the table. Still great though!"
76561197997924363,Recommended,245620,13762499,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Discalceate,"First there was Tropico.Then there was another one of it.Then there was a 3D one of it.Then there was another one of that.This is another one of the 3D one.Now I would imagine that most people who have rad this far will know that Tropico is amoderately amusing city builder / dictatorship simulator with a distinctly caribean flavour. And most of them will have at least tried one of the prequels, and yes to use a rather obvious cop out, if you liked them, then you will like this. If you didn't, the you won't.The question really becomes, is there enough new material to jutify shelling out for, what is really, the same bloody game all over gain. Are Kalypso simply doing a FIFA and gouging their fanbase?Well the single player campaign is a not unlikeable mix of pop culture and zeitgeist meme pastiches which holds together more effectively than the sort of rubbish that strategy games typically breach trading standard regulations by calling a ""story"". There is a not so subtle difference from previous games where instead of being installed on a new island for each ""level"", you select between two different islands and every decision you make will carry over throughout the story.Its an interesting dynamic, making you consider carefully each and every decision, though it can make subsequent levels really easy, or really hard, depending on how you performed throughout the story. Liberally dot guard towers around the island, and the ""Island Invasion"" level (erm spoiler?!?) becomes a cakewalk,tank your ecconomy in the first level and you maywell be struggling for the rest of the game, or at least until the next island section is unlocked.However the ""campaign"" is short. A lot shorter than previous games, with a literal handful of islands to play on and a run time of maybe 15 hours. This sort of playtime is pretty much a given now for a FPS campaign, but strategy gamers tend to expect a bit more.That said, there is still the sandbox mode, which will generate an infinite number of islands to continue your thirst for megalomania upon.The main substance of the game, the actual building, has been much improved in a variety of ways. Farms now show exactly how much space they will actually farm, and whilst you can still build on their land, this will have a subsequent impact on their production levels. It does make it much easier to judge exactly how close to the sugar plantation you can build the bunkhouse for its workers.You can also assign managers from the general population to buff most buildings, increasing productivity, or happiness or even the standard of localhousing for example. Buildings can also be upgraded as time progresses increasing the customisation options available to you. And indeed time does now march on, with options only being unlocked once a certain timeframe has been reached.Trade is also greatly improved, no longer reliant on simply shipping goods off the island, you can build a fleet of trade ships to export specific goods at inflated prices, or turn your island into a modern day Japan, importing cheap raw resources and processing them into more lucrative luxery goods for export.The big draw that Kalypso has made a big thing of is the ""dynasty"" system, which I cannot help but think of as an attempt to tap into the cult status of Crusader Kings. Unfortunately its the weakest new adition and really a bit of an abject failure. The characters in your dynasty simply exist to give you an alternative character to play as.They don't age, or die, they don't enact their own plans to overthrow your rule, or assasinate their older siblings in order to inherit the presidency (eh? Presidency is inherited, just ask the Bush's!).Its a bit like Nick Clegg.They don't really do anything, they are just there.Still, you are free to completely ignore them.So thats alright then.Tropico 5 is certainly a good game, I'd go so far as to say one of the best city builders currently available, and certainly the best entry in the franchise. If you haven't played the franchise since the second game, then its an easy recommend (provided you liked it. NATCH).BUTEven with the new additions, it really is just tinkering around the edges. It looks the same and plays the same as 4, and with the reuse of many building models and music remaining unchanged since the third game, a convincing argument could be made that you already paid for the game.Twice.It also seems to have been released with fewer building choices than either three or four, and theories of a DLC gouging plan cannot really be dismissed out of hand as the paranoid ramblings of deranged conspiracy theorists.Now if you will excuse me, whilst my body may well be freezing its extremities off, at least my mind can be whisked away to, well if not a tropical paradise, a close approximation of. After all, I'm running it!Coconut Crab/10"
76561198132894984,Recommended,245620,13410389,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,jerome.descoteaux,Awesome as usual! Tropico is one of the best city builders out there!
76561198022377682,Recommended,245620,13411445,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,le wolf,looking forward to recent update the lack of prisons has been a missing feature from five. i mean honestly you cant play a latin dictator and not have prisons
,Recommended,245620,13385561,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,plantedatlantic,"Not a major improvement from Tropico 4 and its DLC, but definitely more polished and has some interesting changes in management options. Worth playing if you are new to the Tropico franchise or a die-hard fan."
76561198021032985,Not Recommended,245620,13418922,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Kempeorlaxan,Too much micromanagement.
76561198095207564,Not Recommended,245620,13419376,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Husarz,"I waited to see a few DLC to understand what was the plan behind this game.Well, this is Tropico 3.5 basically, Tropico 4 with all the DLC was more funny, this is just pretty boring, few buildings, apartment in particular, cities looks all the same.Nah, definitely it doesn't worth the money.Let's not talk about the DLC."
76561197984854716,Not Recommended,245620,13419451,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,thebeasle,"Tropico 4: Modern Times is the pinnacle of the series. Tropico 5 is a step backwards. It is a crappy RTS with the military units, it has unnecessary multiplayer that no one plays, and a list of DLC that would make Electronic Arts proud.Tropico 4 Modern Times is one of my favorite games of all time, so I pre-ordered Tropico 5 and I wish I hadn't. Play Tropico 4 instead."
76561198006512572,Not Recommended,245620,13420756,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Zyriak_Daal,"Lacking so many features comparing to Tropico 4.the DLC MADNESS is expensive, customization is meh.Save your money and go play one of the other tropicos i recommend Tropico 4 instead of this."
76561198057323271,Recommended,245620,10302366,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Eric Biscuit,Runs reasonably well on high settings on my Mac. The gameplay is great! I love how I can customize my Dynasty members. The economy is pretty diverse. Combat is decent  but lacks any sense of real strategy. 9/10
,Recommended,245620,15151234,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Rizzi,"I really like the Tropico franchise as a whole and this game (in respect) didn't dissapoint me, but i wasn't thoroughly captivated by it. It might be me just not being used to the new style of play but it feels like they took a moderately sized step away from their previous play style. Only more play will tell how it fares but despite that smaller change, I feel that this will be another worthy installment in the Tropico seriesI'll give it an 8.5/10"
76561198088205252,Recommended,245620,15157206,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,DamnedWhaleDicks,"My first little nation was wonderful...great security, surprise vacations for all rebels, and expensive fruits, the cherised people were living like kings. We had everything...a space program, awesome schools, lots of industry.Then the tsunami hit. And we got wrecked. Never forget the great tsunami of 2015."
,Recommended,245620,15391458,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Imperial Knight,I love this game it was very fun
,Recommended,245620,15339851,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Where Is My Pudge Arcana,"0/10Penultimo's voice got changed, gone is the good old happy comrade that was with me through it all. The way the new one sounds makes me want to put a bullet through his throat, maybe it will fix up his vocal cords."
76561198090339123,Not Recommended,245620,15323099,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Flying Fox,"quite nice, but feels the same like the previous version"
,Recommended,245620,15122326,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Aish Tamid,"As a fan of Tropico 3 & 4, 5 does not dissapoint. I enjoyed the brief time I got to play it during the free weekend. I'd love it if someone gifted this to me. :)"
,Not Recommended,245620,15097826,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,LOL Computers,The fact that you need to buy DLC to simulate locking up political prisoners is more than enough reason to not buy this crap game.  Stick with just about any other version of Tropico (1 and 4 are my favorites) and you'll have saved time and money instead of buying this naked DLC cash grab.
,Recommended,245620,15111509,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,funkisockmunki,"I'm impressed with this extension of the Tropico series - lots of new things, new ways to tune your island, lots of added detail in how commerce and diplomacy work. A great progression from 4. Love it!"
76561197968156344,Recommended,245620,15116608,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,SE | Xaj,"Tropico 5 does some pretty cool things that previous renditions of the game do not, but I don't think the full price of the title is really worth it. There's more than a few glitches still in the game, though none of them are game breaking.In my opinion: wait for a sale. Then you can unleash your inner dictator (and you all know you have one) on the hapless tropicans until you giggle like a school girl."
76561198025487430,Not Recommended,245620,10292894,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,widlan,"I really like the Tropico franchise since the beginning. But the best thing in Tropico is the sense of humor it has. It was funny. Tropico 5 is way too serious. It has a lot of great ideas, but together, it doesn't integrated perfectly. For example, the dynasty is a great idea, but I don't see a big difference in ressources or gameplay, same thing with alliance with axe or allies. The eras is a great idea, but the look and feel of the game don't change a lot. In gameplay, it's more like we have things lock that unlock with different era, but that's it. The trading routes is the better addition. Finally, I really miss the radio with Penultimo and the girl I don't remember name from Tropico4. It add a lot of humor. Tropico5 is great, but it will be better if it succeed to integrate ideas better... maybe in Tropico6."
76561198045756095,Recommended,245620,15166050,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Hofgar,A good game but I like Tropico 4 more honestly.
76561198002201793,Recommended,245620,15133907,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,sly.civilian,"Good fun, but a few puzzling missteps.  Combat is very awkward, and I often find housing sitting vacent while tropicans w $ sit in shacks.  Otherwise, the missions are pretty fun, and provide a decent city building experience w/o some of the micromanagement."
76561198053345683,Recommended,245620,10369275,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Saucy Soup,Oh it's dern sure good.
76561198142653784,Recommended,245620,16272304,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,LOFTYWUZHERE123,Don't trust those Russians and their faulty detonators.
76561198089954142,Not Recommended,245620,16277983,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,sisco,i love the early tropico games still play them this one is just a joke its all about making you buy dlc's to add much needed content and to top it off no random islands so almost no replayability and to top it off half the dlc content is there just not avilable quick hack and its yours
,Recommended,245620,15206440,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,AMCHEC,"An alternative to the ""Sim City"" style city builder. You won't get mega cities at all, but overall it's a fun game. It has occasional humor that caught me by surprise, and is almost relaxing in its gameplay. I picked it up when I was craving a new city builder. It satisfied but it wasn'y what I expected. Avoid the dlc however."
,Not Recommended,245620,15451425,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,| #LuvP1rate,"Game used too launch and was wonderful, now it crashes on launch.  10/10 Fix It."
76561197963736555,Recommended,245620,15453635,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Fromzy,Fun but can get a bit dull.... That's why the music is so awesome I guess.
76561198009907982,Not Recommended,245620,15457022,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Spook5272,It is not even close to the realism of the series. It looks cartoonish and a lot of options are gone. I like some of the new ideas but Tropico 4 reamins the flagship of this series.
76561198167657684,Recommended,245620,15485607,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Lt Sarcasm,"City builder with excellent story & humour. I'd say is quite excellent with exception of a few annoying bits and bugs of the games. For example I was losing a lot of money due to the speed I was going, expenses kept with time but not the profits being able to keep up. In addition to that there are also a few issues revolving around the transport of goods. [Yes I have made A LOT of teamster offices!]"
,Recommended,245620,15434894,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,T.T.E | -=+;Hypez;+=-,Great city builder
76561198108050819,Recommended,245620,11525195,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,President Franken,cool
76561198030758475,Recommended,245620,16245160,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Traynor84,"If you can get over the fact that the game with all the DLC will probably cost you in the neighborhood of a hundred bucks then this game is fantastic.  I've always loved the Tropico series.  The game is enjoyable, has unique characteristics that similar games miss, doesn't take itself too seriously and at times provides some good laughs.  Tropico 5 adds some new features like the dynasty which incorporates interesting new elements to the gameplay.  All that said I'd recommend you buy it on sale and take a careful look at the DLC prior to purchasing as not all DLC is created equally."
,Recommended,245620,10499982,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Thats a good crossiant,"El presidente is the most swaggiest persosn I know.Also, llamas.11/10. Would suck at the game again."
76561198072602140,Not Recommended,245620,16242421,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Multipass,"This is a classic example of a game thats been chopped up and sold to us in bits. The game itself is definitely fun, however the marketing practices behind this title are abhorrent."
76561198057641752,Recommended,245620,16432119,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Linden,City building fun with a great sense of humour.
76561198150172759,Recommended,245620,16407432,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Moist,"Love the Tropico series, but overpriced DLC and repetitive gameplay definetly dissapoint. Still, great graphics and a fun game."
76561198086206346,Not Recommended,245620,16296815,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Orrey Ironstone,"Doesnt have the fun feel and atmosphere of Tropico 4 or even 3.   The voice cast is not nearly as good or as interesting.  Maybe its me, but I never did figure out the laws and constitution thing.   I'm a big supporter of the franchise ( I have 100% achivements in 4 ) but this just doesnt seem as intersting or as well thought out.   If you are new to Tropico get 4 , its so much more fun.   Bring back the original Penultimo :)"
76561198151591384,Recommended,245620,16296983,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Ham,"This is my favorite game, it is so much fun, I suggest you only buy it if you like citybuilders, a game where you rule a country, and government. I hope and cant wait to see Tropico 6 because Tropico 5 is the best game ever :D"
76561198114845711,Not Recommended,245620,16347316,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,waf.1792.1815,"I so wanted to like this, and at first I did. The new graphics are an improvement, but it leads youd too much by the arm. I cannot for the life of me understand why the devs did this, as with Tropico 4 you have more freedom. I have played some 20 hours of the game but now I return to Tropico 4 - which despite the scatter gun graphics is a far more enhoyable game.(Another example of an 'update' that doesn't better the previous iteration)."
76561198073936930,Recommended,245620,16292789,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Mr.ProSkill ♪,"I love simulating games! When i bought Tropico 5 it was the first time i ever played this type of Game.Very quick i understood how incredible complex and unique this Game is! 5 of 5 Stars! I love it!I recommend this game to everyone who loved to play SimCity 4!In futher i would like to see for this game more types of Housing Buildings as DLC.And that the  DLC are available for Saved game, so you don't need to start a fresh game when a new comes out.Regardless of this tiny lack.I love this game! And everyone else will as well as soon as he understands the principles of it!The Money / Political / Military / Building / Economy / Constitution ... Systems are amazing!AWESOME GAME ! :) !!!"
,Not Recommended,245620,16317011,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,BlindOut,"buy if you want a half♥♥♥♥♥game, are they gonna charge me for posting this half♥♥♥♥♥review?"
76561198075959261,Recommended,245620,16435381,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Da Dank Lord Vaper,"People complained about not having enough stores,Then they burned down all the stores."
,Recommended,245620,14861170,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Skylark193,A very fun game and an amazing way to kill time. I often found myself spending much longer than I thought in one sitting because it is just so much fun to keep advancing and you control enough things on your island that you can keep things interesting as you play through. Keep the resources flowing and the people happy!
,Recommended,245620,15044391,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Ed Miliband,"Tropico 5, well, what can I say its a great game which is great fun to play with friends or on your own! Although it is slightley glitchy I think the glitches thay have are funny and mabye there on purpose."
76561198025045030,Recommended,245620,15026722,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,MacsAre1,"Great game! I'm hooked after a weekend of free to play. Much better than the original Tropico that I remember playing in the 90s. I'm a fan of games like SimCity and Civilization, and this has a fairly simple version with the best elements of a city builder, but with the campaign mode it provides reasonable starting and stopping times to avoid the ""one more turn"" problem like I have with Civilization that keeps me up until 8 AM. Now I'm just upset that I didn't get it when it was on sale for $9.99!"
,Recommended,245620,15027263,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Taco_Management,A great time killer.
76561198096392396,Recommended,245620,15029073,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Alexander der Große,Sorry this is just a brief overview don't have much time.PROS1.Great UI2.Love the island setting3.Great maps4.nice learning curveCONS1.Needs optimization for weaker cards (not that big of a problem)2.can't stockpile reasources to my knowledge7.5/10
,Recommended,245620,15031611,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,KrauS *cries in data internet,"Wish this was on sale more often though it is a good game, the pricing is just a bit off the roof, although all-in-all It's recomended"
76561198088213925,Not Recommended,245620,15068844,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Elix,"Don't get me wrong the game is fun to play but, it just can't compete with tropico 4 I still play it more than this one. The game play in tropico 5 is an terriable compared to what you can do in 4. I'd recomend buying 4 don't even waste your money on this one it's just a money grabber."
76561197989347768,Not Recommended,245620,15071141,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,beniceandgofar,to many problems with games  s\n
,Recommended,245620,14829305,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,adihonganji,"I would like to recommend this game for the dictatorship first-timers, so that you can then proceed to Tropico 3 or 4.The game improves in few sectors, but because this game (to me) is a ""city building & management with missions"" game, it's great in just the building part, the mission's offers quality but not to quantity.I spent 2x game hours more in Tropico 4 (to finish the game), and it can tell you yourselves why."
76561198008106299,Recommended,245620,15011713,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,mayukaj,"Absolutely brilliant game. I tried Tropico 3 a few years back and had a go on 5, can't stop playing! Long live El Presidente."
76561198125671041,Recommended,245620,15011958,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,terrilg1967,It is good
76561198045135612,Recommended,245620,15012198,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,gunnie98,I have enjoyed my tropico 5 playing however I do think tropico 4 was better
76561198087279396,Recommended,245620,15012692,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,eteethan,Tropico 5 is a great city builder!
76561198049590510,Recommended,245620,15012780,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,PatronMaster,"Very good game,The mutiplayer need to be improve"
76561198082544261,Recommended,245620,15012836,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,nashuacatgreen,It was challenging yet fun and entertaining at the same time.   I lilked the music  and politicaly satire was funny.
,Recommended,245620,15013089,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Tieria,top ten games in the last year - hilarious
,Recommended,245620,15013407,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,DJ Silence,Not sure of whats happening.. it says its in my library.. but its not.
76561198060611359,Recommended,245620,15013901,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Sir_ Hudson,"i dont get why there are so meny bad rewus becas this game is relly good i love it 10/10.the music like normal never fales to disapont becas its amazing 10/10 there.the game play people where saying that thay where missing fitthers in this game like the prisons what where in tropico 4 i wood give a 9/10 for ga,e playthe detaile ug its amazing it is relly cool very good very nice 10/10the fight ten milieons times better than tropico 4 its relly relly good very enter taning to wachthe mutplauer it seams to be im not sure if its me or the game but one of them suck probley meoverall i wood give this a 9/10 if the mutplayer was a bit better then a easy 10/10"
76561197987720424,Recommended,245620,15018425,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,ChooChooTrain,"This game is really fun. Although there are some features I would like the developers to implement such as an all click button for upgrades and stuff. I recommend getting this game if you have any trace of ""dicatatorship"" in you whether its banishing, incarcerating, or executing the civilians that are unfortunate to have stumbled onto your island."
,Recommended,245620,15018615,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Vaylein,Better than expected. Decent 'on sale' purchase
76561198022385717,Recommended,245620,15019031,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,rick7122003,"can be improved with bigger maps, more buildings, more tropica citizens types and animation.This game has great potential."
76561198125482580,Recommended,245620,15019134,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,wiserkurtious,"very enjoyable game to play,very happy with it."
76561198068273195,Recommended,245620,15021894,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tiny Rick,it is so real you should 100% get it
,Recommended,245620,15025105,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Singularity IS COMING,"Loving this game, not much else to say."
,Recommended,245620,15025371,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Trigger,"Wow, I haven't binged on a video game like this since I was 10 and playing Sim City. Highly addictive!"
76561198062694282,Recommended,245620,15025466,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,blakeandchase,it is a good game
76561197975899292,Not Recommended,245620,15003966,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Shevarash,"I love Tropico serie, unfortunately this one is so buggy that I can play it without getting crashes within 5mn after starting it (most of the time it doesn't even start). With more than 400 games in my collection, it's the only one I can't really play :/"
76561197972491712,Recommended,245620,15004099,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,WillyVodka,It's fun game.
,Not Recommended,245620,15004560,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,AZNMamba24,"For those new to Tropico... this game may be alright.. I suggest watching gameplay videos before buying... it's NOT WORTH $30 for sure... it's a very generic island builder... I don't consider it anything close to SimCity or the more recent Cities Skyline. No zones, just a limited number of buildings to drop down... teamster AI can make your game frusterating (these guys pick up and drop off stuff throughout your island).Wait for a sale... more specifically, a bundle sale with the crap DLCs"
76561198030795130,Recommended,245620,10218144,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Mrcarshow57,Love the game and Graphics. I give it 10/10
,Recommended,245620,10218157,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Titus868,Incredible game that delivers better then any other game franchise (EA's SimCity) with incredible gameplay and incredible graphics! I recommend to anyone who loves city building or running their own country ;)
76561198071864204,Recommended,245620,10218184,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,SasyShadowZ,Great game!
,Recommended,245620,10218254,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Bad Boy Bubby,"I really enjoyed for yu and for me, playting god and ruling over the ♥♥♥♥♥s is my fav ty"
,Recommended,245620,10218598,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Grandpa,"Always wanted to be a Dictator?Look no further! Tropico 5 has it all!From murdering dissenters to declaring martial lawor maybe duking it out with Nazis or Alies 1 on 1.Tropico will keep you entertained, and engaged!"
,Recommended,245620,11107909,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,sean.rul,"Several years ago I played the first Tropico game. It still is fun to be a dictator and listen to the tropical music. In short, this is a fun simulator game that allows you to build your own little empire."
76561198034099014,Not Recommended,245620,10505226,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,turbulance4,I love the tropico Series.  However the latest patch was so horrible it made the game unplayable.
,Recommended,245620,10506701,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Snaggletooth,"expanded the game play a little more, especially as far a the military is concerned, you will need to make people happy or have a very very good military, because rebels are much harder to control and will attack! Never had an issues with rebels on earlier games, but happens so much easier on here, you have been warned!BUT this is a review, and I would say that they have once again improved on the game, I would be lying if I said I wasnt hoping for a little more content and some more tweeks.If you liked the previous games, then you will like this game, not sure? see if you can find a demo floating aroumd even if its for Tropico 4 as you will get the basic idea of the game"
76561198040187291,Recommended,245620,10508017,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Kuxstall,"Great game, fun campaign but the current multiplayer community needs to improve. I'd recomend as a buy is you enjoy Sim City or Civ games"
,Recommended,245620,10509253,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,elopez251,"Well before buying this game I made sure my system was up to par for this game.  I did all my reserach befroe buying. It all paid off this game is so amazing, I love the graphics, the building system and how I am able to manage my own island. I have played Tropico games before but this one is simply amazing. The art, music, and game play are all amazing. My geforce gtx 760 has 0 problems running this game no hiccups, nothing! I would recommend this game if you are a Tropico fan, or if you are into city-sim builders. A must have for you libary. Just make sure to do your research before buying this game, because you do need DirectX 11. it kind of frustrates me how other people are blaming the makers and game becasue they skipped over reading the system requirments tab where both minimal and required requirements both state you must have DirectX 11. Dont blame the makers or the game because you failed to check if your system has a GPU that can support this game."
,Recommended,245620,10510150,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Ben,Very fun and very awesome. Multiplayer is favorite and has a nice story mode. I would enjoy for someone else to get it so I can DESTROY THEM COMPLETELY... I mean uhhh.... JUST GET THE GAME!
76561198027474792,Recommended,245620,10531320,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Rantriot,One word: addictive.
76561198113565574,Recommended,245620,11043790,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ErectileMalfunction,"Made A extremely unfair goverment, Atheists only, only wealthy vote, I even randomly killed my own citizens.  Then an election came.  Everyone tried to vote for the other canidate.  I killed the other canidate.  A new canidate came in and had even more votes.  I killed him.  Another canidate came in with EVEN MORE VOTES. I couldn't afford to kill him so I rigged the election.  I won.  Immedietly after that I was invaded and almost instantly died.  I guess there was a reason they wanted someone else 10/10"
76561198004309356,Recommended,245620,11080144,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Bender,"This game is finally in a playable level of patch! Thank you! The graphic engine bugs have been worked out, the citizens are finally using the health and welfare buildings and its counting towards their happiness level, and the military units are finally useful! I can now recommend this game for everyone!"
,Recommended,245620,11085313,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Drezhta,"Play a dictator and get to cheat on elections! :-) It's a simple game and yet it is fun to play with, considering all the different aspects (economic, political, social) of building a society."
,Not Recommended,245620,10947059,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,YourGenerikUser,Its a fun game for anyone who likes city builders. although at its current state I can't recommend getting it. the multiplayer is bugged to hell and barely playable half the time. about 2 hours into any multiplayer game the lag just becomes unbearable when trying to place simple roads and might even crash. The single player can be fun for a little bit but once you beat the campaign and play a few sandbox matches it gets boring. the sandbox claims to have a generated map option but in all reality its just 1500 maps that it randomly chooses based on the options you select. If they fix the multiplayer and add a custom map maker I might recommend getting it. It would also be nice to be able to set custom objectives.Also a side note about the multiplayer. You have the option to play on teams but in all reality you might as well be fighting. the maps are small and hard to play with 4 people. you will end up traping each other in and not ending with enough space for your own growth. this is one of the reasons I want a custom map editor.
,Recommended,245620,10891905,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,DaveCharlie,Got into this game quickly but re-playability is low and multi-player is well intentioned by very little community of players. Still worth playing though. 3.5/5.
76561198106867287,Recommended,245620,10916946,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RANGERSMRIKY,i what to play tropico 5 but i can't and i need help. when i go to play tropico 5. when it pops up the update information is stuck on the homepage. can someone help me!?!?!?!?!?!?
76561198007460866,Recommended,245620,10970833,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[rs2.fi]CptTightPants,It's Tropico. What else do I need to say? We all love El Presidente and Tropicans who rather live in shacks than in houses.
76561197962099954,Not Recommended,245620,11059235,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Scottie Magicthighs,"This feels more like Tropico 4.3 than Tropico 5.  The game has lost a lot of the charm that versions 3 and 4 had and if I did not know that this was Tropico 5, I would have called it a graphics expansion and polish DLC.  I have played Tropico from version 1 and in my opinion this is not worth the money.  Wait to buy Tropico 5 until it is on sale and then pretend it is a Tropico 4 DLC!  You won't feel so cheated or disappointed that way."
,Not Recommended,245620,10964107,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ProgramRAM,"Tropico 4 is much better than this. It was more realstic like before you could have a Fire Station to fight fires now the Police Station does that, that makes no sense at all. Also their are too many uprisings and it gets really annoying. This game could be better but I am sticking to Tropico 4. Save your self the money and get Tropico 4 its much better."
76561197972113154,Recommended,245620,10934297,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sreve,"Only played for a few hours so far, however I am loving this game.The Good-It is Tropico and feels like a buffed up version with more options.-We are given more freedom at trading. Example being, instead of selling Wood for the regular price we can make a trade agreement with Smugglers, Pirates to earn a bit extra. Of course other nations will not like this.-Buildings can be upgraded, earlier games we could give upgrades to houses and Factories that was it. Here we can upgrade almost every building in some way-Soldiers are actually useful now.-Instead of years. We now got Eras. What bothered me in the previous Tropico is we start in the 1960s or so then comes 2000 something and the game ends even in Sandbox. Not no more. Now the game has Era's (Work like Age of empire 2 Eras) that you can just upgrade to and keep playing for ever.- A King who tells you what to built early on. Even if it useless and makes you lose money in the long run also variouses taxes. You can gain independance, so it is not to bad.-Runs smoothly on my older PC.The Bad-The Music. In the earlier Tropico games their was allot of singing. Now so far it has only been playing Instrumental music. Compared to every other Tropico the music is bad.-The whole freeing yourself from a Colonialist ruler. Fun at 1st however it becomes rinse and repeat at every map.- Maybe it is just me , but the islands seem smaller, also you need to explore your island before building at certain parts due to the fog of war.In short if you loved the previous Tropico games. Then you will enjoy this one also."
76561198030897144,Recommended,245620,10643486,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,jesser312,A must have for a fan of the series.
76561198024806132,Recommended,245620,10643929,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Silver22,"What the Tropico series seems to understand better than some other strategy games is that quality trumps quantity when it comes to strategic options.Especially in the earlier eras, you will find fewer choices in Tropico 5 than in Tropico 4.  Early ages especially have few buildings in each type. Building management options is based on a budget (affects service quality and wage at the same time).  In general, specific numbers are replaced with broad categories (see budget).However, these are all good things.  Ultimately, entry fees, rents and wages were largely either trial and error, following a guide or broad categories anyways in Tropico 4.  Tropico 5 doesnt offer a lot of options all the time, but each is distinct in at least some ways, and not to be taken lightly (especially constitution principles, which are logically harder to change than small picture policies).Overall, the eras system gives the game good pacing, the new algorithim provides challenge to more experiences players, and Tropico's humor is still alive and well.  You could do a lot worse."
76561197974103372,Recommended,245620,10632355,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,myrddynx,"Having played all the Tropicos to this point, I must say that I'm really enjoying this one.  While similar to the previous titles in some aspects, it has enough changes to feel new and fresh as well.  Anyone who enjoys city builders will love this game."
,Recommended,245620,10797293,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SplitterCoreGaming,"This game is highly recommended. Tropico does't need any reasons why, it's Tropico!"
,Recommended,245620,10844463,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,erection,"Not as good as Tropico 4, but still worth the money."
76561198129888404,Recommended,245620,10847044,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TaintedGenre,Multiplayer. Addictive. Fun.
,Not Recommended,245620,15005092,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,fannyekdahl,Tropico 5 feels like a step back from 4.
76561198036539542,Recommended,245620,15005483,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,GiantCathead,"Easy to learn, relaxing to play10/10"
,Recommended,245620,15006960,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,WoodVodka,"the US want my cigars, The Soviets want my Rum"
76561198128696082,Not Recommended,245620,15007299,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Varathius,"Don't be a nice ruler.Played and built my small empire for 6 hours and all went fantastic, until... the elections. For some reason, those are mandatory although I did all possible, to have a bullet proof dictatorship. Well, I was even being nice, I banished my opponent from the island, but his wife then took over his campaign and discredited me. Fine, I let my death squad assassinate the ♥♥♥♥♥, and I lost even more credibility and worse, her son took over...ok, I tried to bribe her son... now all of you probably know that bribing a son who just lost a father to exile and a mother to bullets, won't accept any bribes, ok fine, I discredited him, then I lost even more credibility (I wonder how, I did not even build a College yet to keep my people dumb, I guess building a highschool was a big mistake). Anyway, I was at 30% favorability by my people. I then sent my useless advisor to fake the voting, for some reason he messed up and suddenly I had a coup on my hands. My elite tanks that I built to protect me from further uprising, their main officer rebelled against me and he started to attack my barracks. My loyal soldiers on foot with rifles stood no chance, so my glorious 6 hours were killed by 5 minutes of elections and a military coup. Hehe, no problem, auto save ftw and let's try again... what? It auto-saved last time 5 hours ago? I look at my city how I saw it five hours ago and wondered, ""Do I really build up this crap again to loose elections?""I don't get it. I gave my idiot population medicine, education (big mistake), electricity, various foods, entertainment, I have them everything to win my heart. Small taxes, great wages, even parking lots at their work and those fools wanted to vote me out in the next election?I learned something in this game, democracy sucks if you are a leader and if you ever get a hold of a death squad, make sure they terminate your opponents as soon as possible, so your population doesn't even get the chance to vote because everyone is too scared volunteering for the election. That is the best strategy.Oh well, would I not have lost 5 hours, I would have purchased the game and gave it a YES as for recommendation."
76561198117242132,Recommended,245620,15007341,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Pls,Became a Tyrant Dealt with Protesters with my Gun and Ended up destroying myself i give it 9/11....
,Recommended,245620,15009372,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ActuallyFBI,AMAZING GAME I WISH I COULD PLAY LONGER WHY CANT IT BE PERMA FREE WEEKEND
,Recommended,245620,15010271,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,mpbMKE,"I've been a huge fan of this series for a long, long time. 5 is another step forward after 4 felt a bit like more of the same (compared to 3). The new era system brings a gameplay mechanic I've always wanted: advancing from colonial outpost to modern republic. Honestly, the only change I would make is a better spellcheck for dialog boxes (I'm a professional writer/editor available for game testing, Kalypso... just saying, haha).If you dig city builders and econ sims and have a taste for historical farce, Tropico is always a fun, scalably challenging and thoroughly amusing choice."
,Recommended,245620,15011379,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,bevgebra,"Great game!Takes a lot of planning and strategy, but overall a great experience"
76561198010020676,Recommended,245620,11594172,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Fox DIZMIS,I dont now what it is about this Tropico. I t just feels like its missing something and I don't find myself as atached as I did with the others in the Tropico series. I feel like its over to quickly. still would recomend playing it just not at full price.
76561198059820963,Recommended,245620,11784003,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,arefaeian,"Great game, very addictive. Will always be a fan of the Tropicos. Viva El Presidente!"
76561198096204352,Recommended,245620,11786328,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,AmericanHustl3r,Great simulation\strat
76561198035628119,Recommended,245620,11789568,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Hiram Abiff,"The most improved Tropico within the entire series; a pretty realistic simulation of being a sociopathic banana republic dictator... Except when you legalize drugs, and get taken over by the USA. 10/10 would blaze it again."
,Not Recommended,245620,11794819,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Noah Edwards,"As good as this game is, it runs out of STEAM very quickly. If you aren't a tropico fan then this might not be for you."
76561198084191312,Recommended,245620,11796331,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Vaticano,"The game mechanics are simple and very intuitive, however multiplayer could use some fine tuning, other than that, great game hands down."
76561198024300555,Recommended,245620,11429556,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Raj,I felt Tropico 4 is much better after played Tropico 5. In Tropico 5 graphics are too good but still Tropico 4 is always better.
,Recommended,245620,10585734,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Schodemeiss,"Easily the best version of Tropico so far. Biggest missing feature is not being able to save in Multiplayer. If / when that arrives, I would certainly recommend this to anyone and everyone.Update: As of 1.04 they have added saving in Multiplayer. I imagine they'll nickel n dime over DLC's... but we expect that, right?Otherwise, still loving this after nearly 50 hours."
,Not Recommended,245620,11421706,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Billy Snuggles,"Thesis: A Dissappointing sequel, suffering from all the problems of the current generation.The graphics are very nice. I'd go so far as to say they're gorgeous. And Tropico 5 now has a clear reason to build multiple docks: the trade route system. Now, if you want to, you can find a trade route to export or import certain materials for better prices than base. However, there is still a base cost. This system hits that ideal balance: for players that want that extra granularity, it's there. But if you don't want it, don't bother.Those are all the nice things I can say about this game. Tropico 5 has less than half the content of Tropico 4, in terms of options, buildings, and characters. I'm not including any of the DLC in that statement. I mean, base game to base game, half the content. Further, most of the content is Unlockable. That would be fine, except their decisions are baffling and frustrating.I personally enjoy building Tourist economies. Tropico 5 doesn't unlock any tourism until the Third phase of the game, Cold War. This doesn't make sense. There was plenty of Tourism in the Colonial age, and Nazis and Allies had down-time in between all the fighting. We had the potentail to make Casablanca, and Kalypso denied us! By the time the Cold War comes along, it no longer makes sense to build Tourism, because your Industry will be well established.The touted Eras mechanic is choppy and shallow. There's no fluidity, like in Modern Times. It's an abrupt Scene-change that CANCELS ALL YOUR ACTIVE TRADE ROUTES. And there's not much to it except the names of the people you trade with and who might invade you change. Seriously. Even in the Story Mode, the different Eras mean almost nothing.And the Dynasty system might as well not be there. Instead of choosing a variety of skills for your Presidente, you pick one. And then you randomly get heirs who RANDOMLY get one skill. You can then choose which member of the Dynasty to run in an Election. That's it. Hooray. But your main Presidente is apparently Ra's a Ghul, because they don't die of old age, so you can have the same Presidente for close to 100 years.The biggest issue is the lack of character. None of the missions have the same feel as in Tropico 4. I just didn't get invested in it. None of the different characters show up, except Penultimo, but he's got a giant moustache and a new voice actor. No naive Sunny Flowes, no sultry Miss Pineapple, no greedy Antonio Lopez, no drunken Father Esteban. There's some new characters, but Kalypso cut down on those as well, so you have characters pulling double- or triple-duty on representing the different factions of Tropico.  We don't even get special, Era-specific characters. The Foreign representative is the same dude from Colonial Times. No Nazi weasel or Imperial Japanese bureaucrat contact you with enticing demands. Just Lord British of Englandshire, who then relays the message to you of Axis offers.To summarize, Tropico 5 offers insultingly little content for a brand new game. If you're coming into the Tropico Franchise brand-new, buy Tropico 4 with all the DLC and expansions. If you already own Tropico 4 with all the DLC and expansions and have played them to death, keep playing them.As a final note: There is the possibility that Kalypso will release an expansion that makes me change my mind. I only played Tropico 4 once all the way through before Modern Times addicted me. It so thouroughly changed the game in my mind that I have replayed the entire game, even the base, multiple times.So if they release an expansion pack that adds depth to the Eras or characters or maybe even a Tourist Heaven, with eight new missions and twelve new buildings that allows Tourism throughout the whole game, I promise to change this review.That said, their first DLC out of the gate is a building for cheese making."
76561198126909046,Not Recommended,245620,11326501,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,john83201,"I have played Tropico since Tropico 3 came on the scene and it has always been in my top 10 games collection, Tropico 4 blew me away and Thought for sure they would continue to add more things to the next on that came out... Tropico 5 enters the picture and I was pumped... Here is my review take it for what it is worth...IF YOU HAVE TROPICO 4 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON TROPICO 5!!!!!The Islands are smaller... you have less building options... and 90 percent of the ones you do have are the same ones from tropico 4 down to the smallest detail. An Aircraft Carrier -_- who cares I would rather have more tourism options, a nuclear program ^_* I would rather have more diplomatic or economy resources.. The graphics are better yes, but the game play in my mind is not even close to that of tropico 4. Like I said its my opinion take it for what its worth, but before i bought it I read a review saying DONT BUY IF YOU HAVE TROPICO 4, and I didnt listen.... Now I am wishing I had.."
76561198029365391,Not Recommended,245620,11330989,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,AlienWired,"SO, I have to wonder why the good folks that make Tropico do not listen to the people that actually play their games...."
,Recommended,245620,12651774,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Slaave,"Great game, but is it worth $39.99? In my opinion no, but i got it for around five bucks during one of Steams many many many sales. I would go as far to say its better than the new Sim City (without the DLC). Replay value? Some but not a lot. Also there are no cheat codes for it like in Tropico 4. But it is still a good game, just if you are going to spend this amount of money get Tropico 4 or just get this one when it is on sale."
,Recommended,245620,12186497,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Pablo,"Definitely my favourite ""god-role""kind of game. Only complaint is that there is this odd pixellation across the screen in game. Kinda annoying but nothing game-breaking."
76561198002049638,Not Recommended,245620,10466068,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,TheBetterBen,"0/10 does not work period, lot of complaints out there from people who's systems do not meet specifications, well I have a system that does meet min specs and it plain will not work, tried for weeks to update drivers, update directx 11 updated everything, game does not work, would not recommend."
76561198056071973,Not Recommended,245620,10470108,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,breezy_palmtree,"Don't buy this game. There is not enough variation from other tropico games to make it worth $40. The combat AI is terrible, so online battles are pretty pathetic. Campaign is ok. The game is also very glitchy. They released an update (1.02) and I was excited to play over the weekend, but the update broke the game for me. Trade ships are now broken which ruins your economy (I still have the skills to turn very nice profits, but it's really messed up). People are not using buildings when they should so happiness is crazy low for me no matter what I do. The game worked ok before the update and I had some amazing sandbox islands, but now it's unplayable."
,Recommended,245620,10470360,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Turek,The best economy and strategy game out there!
,Recommended,245620,10475006,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Mr. Kendev,"Such a difference from Tropico 4, amazing work by the Devs"
76561198109279597,Not Recommended,245620,10475385,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Samurai Shampooh,"cant reccomend this game.   stick to tropico 4 until they do serious fixing and patching.   Everyone who dislikes the game has very good points about it.  The franchise is becoming a cash grab, something I wont be a part of."
,Recommended,245620,10592261,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,janiegirl782,"El Presidente Rules!..lol, different senario from previous version, looking forward to multi-player once they work out all the kinks. so far really enjoying this latest installment!"
76561198008636556,Recommended,245620,10645742,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,CoolEarth,"The era addition to the gameplay is very welcome, it provides a great new dimension to the game allowing many extra hours of entertaining play.Main campaign mode runs for about 18-22 hours. Haven't tried the multiplayer or sandbox yet but I would expect to rack up at least 100 hours of gameplay. Not bad for <$40 as a new release."
76561198041527407,Not Recommended,245620,10481639,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,dave.fsp,"It's not worth the money. Multiplayer sucks as it keeps freezing and crashing even after second large update which was supposed to solve these issues and single player experience was probably better in previous Tropico 4.I've been waiting for the update and it finally came out last week. But I started about 15 different multiplayer games with my friend today and it froze or crashed during every one of them. Only one game lasted longer than 20 minutes which is great considering the fact that there is no save/load option for multiplayer games. Frustrating.Even more frustrating is the greedy DLC policy of Kalypso. Lot of buildings, edicts and other stuff from previous game has been left out so they can sell it to us later as brand new DLCs. I do not expect anything really new or surprising in upcoming downloadable content packages. So before you buy this game, keep in mind, that the price of 45 euros is definitely not the final amount for complex Tropico experience."
76561198031406295,Recommended,245620,10483918,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,kroop2182,"Great Game!!!!! Maps are huge, quite a challinge. It's a sim city killa"
76561197973794238,Recommended,245620,10486285,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,eP,Always enjoyed the previous installments of Tropico and this one has the same great feel to it.Try it..
76561198102933328,Recommended,245620,10486770,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,angel16avila,it is a fun game to play and my favourite part of the game evolves around penultimo
,Not Recommended,245620,10674795,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NevekNibud,"I'd say it's a little buggy as of now, being that it's locked up twice for me during the tutorial phases.  A window comes up with a task, and I can't close it or do anything else.  The background keeps moving, but I have no interaction with it - only a CTRL-ALT-DEL and killing the processs gets me out of it."
,Recommended,245620,10675326,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[NT] Rustier Spoon,"Great game, and the dev team is doing eveything they can via the forums to provide bug fixes. They just provide 3 new maps, and a bunch of new costumes for free in that last update.Been a long time Tropico fan, just keep in mind they are different games, but the eras are brilliant!"
76561198045363139,Recommended,245620,10717012,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ciu,"Quite a good game, although there are fewer characters than in Tropico 4 and I consider the music to be inferior. Nevertheless, the campaign was still fun."
76561198001959180,Not Recommended,245620,10679612,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Darkshoota123,I always had trouble managing a economy so i felt like this game is not for me but i can see how really stratigic people will love it
,Recommended,245620,10681666,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Psyadin,love this game
,Not Recommended,245620,10685140,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,baevar,"Pretty disappointed in this title due to an extreme lack of content. Loved Tropico 4, played the campaign through twice. Each playthrough you probably build 20 plus cities from scratch. In Tropico 5, they take you back and forth between 2 maps only, building on the city you started in a previous mission the entire time. By the end of the campaign, you have only built 2 cities and it's already over. I predict a stream of DLC for years, but after getting so little out of a full priced title, I really doubt I'll be forking over any more money to these guys. A real shame. Also, the new dynasty system is stupid, you have to go to the buildings and select a manager rather than just walking your dictator over to the building to increase production. Such a letdown for being a sequel to one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198013966930,Recommended,245620,11167142,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,spoinkje,"its a decent, quick to pick up. and fun to play game.The humor they use is pretty funny at time's to though it gets repetive quickly.but still a fun game to play and to pick up so every now and than if you have a hour or so to play a little"
76561197998740055,Recommended,245620,11204919,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Spacemania,"A good successor to the previous Tropico games, but does not feel like a signifigant upgrade to the previous versions. Nevertheless its still worth a buy. My only real complaint is that it has a population cap which means on larger islands, you end up being unable to fill up the island before you start having chronic worker shortages. Its an unecesary handicap and I do hope they correct it in a future patch."
,Recommended,245620,10859560,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,dmitchy,hell ya buddy
76561198058853215,Recommended,245620,10859585,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,L0z,"game doesnt work..?? says missing executable , what is that?"
76561198041949250,Not Recommended,245620,10991112,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Captain Russia,"Its basically the exact same game as Tropico 4. So if you liked Tropico 4, then just keep playing Tropico 4. If you never played it, well than just get Tropico 4. But don't waste your money."
76561197998155615,Recommended,245620,10864569,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Haynes,its brill
,Not Recommended,245620,10883546,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Chainsawchild,"Don't really take this as advice on whether the game is fun or not to play: I have played the previous games and enjoyed them greatly. I would probably also really enjoy this game as well, if I could play it. But before you buy this game, you need to make sure your hardware can support it. Spending £30 on a game only to realise later that it is not playable on your computer is not a fun thing to do. Check on the discussion threads and look for more information before making a spur of the moment decision to buy this game, and save yourself the trouble in the long run."
76561198045145264,Recommended,245620,10889002,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SmackWackaLaBooty,♥♥♥♥ THE TUSNAMIS!!!!!!!! AND THE REBELS AND THE COMMUNISTS!!!! but great game 10/10
76561198050691710,Recommended,245620,10920914,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,lairdriin,"For those who love the Tropico franchise and Tropico 4 in particular, this game was eagerly anticipated.  Unfortunately, though enjoyable, it does not live up to the high hopes of the fans.  In comparison to Tropico 4, it is a relative disappointment in its scope and features. The campaign is interesting, challenging, and entertaining, but sometimes frustrating and repetitive. For those who loved creating and playing fully customized scenarios in Tropico 4, they will miss not having any ability to do that in 5 - only a limited multiple-choice of a few island features and goals. Multiplayer is a new option for those who wish to participate, and that function is, again, playable, but not extensive.  Overall I recommend this game generally for those who are fans and who think the game cost is worth it to play just the campaign, or those who really want to delve into multiplayer; those looking for the more extensive features of Tropico 4 may want to pass it up."
,Recommended,245620,10921102,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,zatchaholism,"Camera controls are a little wonky, but otherwise this game is excellent :]"
76561197983665114,Recommended,245620,15144509,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Vasco da Gama,Even better.
,Recommended,245620,15147639,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Animu,"This is the only Tropico game i have ever played or owned, so for a first timer i found it enjoyable. I've heard its pretty much the same as every other Tropico game (but with better graphics) so it may not be for u if u have played a tropico game already."
76561198156934147,Recommended,245620,14975986,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Cry2N3xTech,cool game i should buy it :D
,Recommended,245620,12881395,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ARVasko,"Really great game! Besides having fun, you end up learning a lot about the mechanics of civilization and government. I recommend to people who likes building citys and learning. I do not recommend to people who wants to fight in combat. The wars are not the focus here. The fun, the beach, all kind of industries and democracy are the focus. You have to make the people love you in order to remain in charge. Other side of the game is the humor of little jokes Penultimo you'll make to you. Be aware! =)"
,Recommended,245620,12887687,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Comrade_Core,"Fun and simple gameplay, that is easy to learn while still maintaining a sense of depth. The humor is often fun, although it does sometimes miss the mark. Overall it's a game that manages to ad a good deal of personality to the genre, and to me, this is its strongest aspect."
,Recommended,245620,12857738,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cloud Atlas,A nice improvement over the previous tropico games.
76561198025813195,Recommended,245620,12860274,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Wansti,"First off: I have played Tropico 4 and 5 only for a few hours each, so as far as gameplay and comparison goes, you'd better stick to the other reviews. So far it's pretty enjoyable in both campaign and multiplayer mode.For all you Linux people out there, I just wanted to point out that the Linux version works flawlessly. No crashes, limitations or apparent bugs, smooth framerate, no dropouts in multiplayer. It's always nice to see a native port of a AAA title done this well.(Tested on different machines, all running Ubuntu and proprietary Nvidia drivers.)"
76561198160240256,Recommended,245620,12877154,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Jocelyn,Screen Flickering eventhough my pc is the latest model.....
76561198081459736,Not Recommended,245620,12877386,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,-LiLPineTree-,Cant launch the game unless you have a Direct x 11 or higher graphics card!!!!!!
76561198024891525,Recommended,245620,11281267,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,2035brad,It would be great to be able to save multiplayer games - you cannot play until the end of the game because it can take too long to complete in one sitting.
76561198048630742,Not Recommended,245620,11405465,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Darriken,"Wait a couple years for the ultimate includes all DLC edition as the game in it's present state is a bit sad compared to it's predecessor. Too few buildings, Tropicans, Avatars/customization.If you haven't played 4, I'd assume you'd probably enjoy this game. That said, you should probably pick-up 4 instead anyways."
76561198048095717,Recommended,245620,11407415,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Gruntle,"This game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥  Just don't buy the DLC.  $3.99 for a cheese factory.  Are you serious Calypso?  Do you think people are so far gone that they would spend actual money on a digital cheese factory?  If you think I am going to drop 4 of the kings dubloons on an in game dairy processing station then you've lost touch with your audience and have stooped to insulting them.  However, I am still a huge fan of the game.  I love when my illigitimate children rise to join me in my efforts to control of islander life.  I love when nazis think they can invade and are completely trumped on the beach by machine gun turrets.  This game is great.  Just dont get the DLC."
76561198082161371,Not Recommended,245620,11407995,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Acamerus,dont get the game after playing it for like a day then you get bord and wast 30$ not worth it
76561197993264086,Recommended,245620,11409744,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,JADEFOX,Great game but they get you with dlc that should have been added in the start just like every tropicoif its a sequal it should not start with less options and buildings then its previous title
,Not Recommended,245620,11411930,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Kenhotep,"A shell of a game to be filled in later with DLC.  Don't get me wrong, the mechanics and gameplay are there, I just really hate their marketing plan."
76561198027626890,Recommended,245620,11413398,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Joe Momma,"Tropico 5 is not a disappointment, but it isn't a smash hit either.There are some notable improvements. I love the building grid, it allows me to quickly and accurately place everything without obsessing about being off by a few inches. I love the new graphic elements (the ones that weren't recycled from previous iterations). I enjoy the ""modernize"" feature - no need to bulldoze your tenements if you want to move on to apartments, and to modern apartments later.Then there are things that I hate. Castrated Presidente customization screen. The fact that the Presidente and his family are uncontrollable drones just like the rest of the public - I can't go visit my favorite factory or my favorite base or whatnot when I want to, or go resolve a protest by visiting it. Army bases and barracks don't provide living space for the soldiers anymore. Budget system is stupid as hell and can cause you to accidentally crash a thriving economy in the matter of minutes. Teamsters are dumber than ever, and traffic problems are the worst I've seen yet - once you get to World Wars era and beyond, you are presented with a choice of not having enough teamsters to move things around and having your roads gridlocked because cars refuse to take alternate routes.Be prepared to run out of resources and never get them back. That coal mine? It's going to be emptied out by the time you hit Cold War. That oil well? It might last you a bit into modern times, then it's gone baby gone. Want to build a nuclear power station? Be prepared to see it gobble up uranium like it was coal. Once you hit Modern Times,  your long-term income options are: farming, cigars, wood, furniture, chocolate, rum, textiles and clothes, and pharmaceuticals which the pharma company produces from thin air. Imports are broken, so it's almost impossible to produce cars, electronics or jewelry long-term. You could also buy low/sell high, but that puts you at the mercy of random number generator. This seems like a lot of things, but once you get big and need a lot of power stations and apartments to house people, your economy gets positively voracious. I've seen my balance go from positive six digits to negative six digits in matter of minutes.And to top it off, we have the good old issues such as: road placement, non-square corners that you can't fill with anything, tropicans that refuse to take public transportation to drive to work and for some reason build shacks in front of unoccupied buildings... not game breaking, but annoying as all get out.A lot of these issues are solved with mods somewhat, so I recommend you give those a long hard look.Overall I recommend the game - I had a great time playing it - but be prepared to be a little or a lot frustrated with simple stuff that should have been solved in previous iterations of the game. Oh, and all this extra content you are used to from Tropico 4 (statues, gardens, ploppable trees) - gone baby gone. Get ready to pay for more DLC."
76561198079074656,Recommended,245620,11395064,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Corinthian,It's a great game with some funny humor.
,Recommended,245620,11510825,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,iefan,"Besides some real troubles with keeping people in houses, it's been a ton of fun. Finally finished the game. I think the problem with the citizens not using housing is more of a messaging one. There's no easy way to tell why that is the case."
76561198043156299,Recommended,245620,11488525,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,awkward1nadonly,"finally a chance to be a dictator, all my lif goals have been completed."
76561198080764486,Recommended,245620,11705853,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,________________________________,ONe of the best games ever
76561198000586597,Recommended,245620,15256219,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,calskin,"Very fun game.  I bought it on a whim because it was on sale and I hadn't really heard anything about it.Not very much into online about it at the moment, but it is very fun and I'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,245620,15245507,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,NordicAryan,"I will recommend this game despite it's shortcomings.TL;DRFrustrated with Tropico 4's poor economy design? Find yourself at home here. More of an economy simulator rather than a political simulator. Llarge portion of the political aspect cut or dumbed down, economical aspect expanded upon. Lots of DLC. The graphics are a large improvement over Tropico 4, A step forward in some directions and a step back in others.A few gripes I have about the game:- Your island will most of the time look like a Soviet Era industrial city due to the lack of building variety, as all buildings of the same type have no little to no variation between them, forcing you to have row upon row of identical houses and factories. The strict grid system contributes to this fact.- While Tropico 4 had a large pool of representatives for all factions/countries, this game basically only has 3. That's two people representing half the factions each, and one person representing all the foreign countries. I really miss the variety of characters, as it all added to the political satire as they were mostly based on real life people.- Rebels will appear regardless of approval rating (Highest I've gotten is 98% but still faced constant guerilla attacks on my distant mines and farms)-  DLC!!! As of now there is nearly $50 worth of DLC for a game thats $40. I know Kalypso is money hungry but this is ridiculous.- Penultimo's new voice :(I enjoy particularily:- Traffic jams can finally be avoided by proper planning and management. Teamsters also have a huge improvement- It is a lot harder to win elections and this actually now requires effort- Combat has been hugely improved- Multiplayer is a huge plus, I love co-op games!- The budget system vs salary system removes a lot of micromanagement, although I wish that constitution options would give you a choice of which to use (Free market = Budget, Planned Economy = salary).- In the campaign mode you use the same two islands (alternate between missions) throughout the campaign, meaning it does not reset your island after each mission like in Tropico 4. Encourages long-term planningThere are a lot more minor things I enjoy, and a lot more minor things that annoy me.Overall it's still a fun game, although it does make me go back to Tropico 4 every now and then."
76561198088544949,Recommended,245620,15230487,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,quochuy.phan87,a great sequel of Tropico series. Comparing to Tropico 4Pros:- better graphics.- larger islands.- more military activities & units- multiple dynasty membersCons:- campaign is too short.- I don't know how constitution works...
,Recommended,245620,15235176,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,🌳👌🤖,"I have never played any Tropico series before this one, and I think this is a good game."
,Not Recommended,245620,17478022,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,NANOHORIZON,"Mandates. what else needs to be said. This game is horrid to play. Having to meet mandates again and again was probably the worst idea they could have had for this game, it completely sucked all of the fun out of it."
,Recommended,245620,10220901,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Largan Wildrop,"Now its regulalry cheap and has Steam Workshop integration, I would recommend it.Get rid of paid DLC though and I'll buy no. 6."
,Recommended,245620,15017071,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Shadooku,my 20 sqauds of troops and airforce and 5 sqauds of tanks versus 7 sqauds of angry people... the angry mob destroy my nation 11/10 would get owned by 7 mobs of angry people again
76561197993061405,Recommended,245620,17499729,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,tiaguerazortea,This game had so much potential. It pains me to see the nice ideas badly executed. I recommend the game because you can still get a good amount of fun for the price tag.
76561197988171836,Not Recommended,245620,17377537,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,unwavering,"Been a fan of Tropico since the beginning, but this game just leaves me frustrated and annoyed.Want to turn off immigration, go ahead, but it won't matter, immigrants come anyway.Build housing for your people, no one moves in, they'd rather live in their shacks then ♥♥♥♥♥ about poor housing conditions while there are blocks of empty cheap housing available.Rebels appear for no reason at all.  85% popularity, who cares rebel attacks every 15 minutes.Those are the most prominent annoyances, but the list is practically endless.  After 38 hours of restarting and frustration, I'm done.  Unless Kalypso puts some serious work into fixing this broken mess of a game, I for one am done with the franchise."
,Recommended,245620,17537326,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Kai,"Will suck you in, as soon as you realize it will be 6am and you are falling asleep."
76561198107230057,Recommended,245620,17537453,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Fag Pat,asome
76561198166396738,Recommended,245620,17538425,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Dynasty1456,I think its a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game it took me forever to beat it waiting for dlc to go on sale ♥♥♥♥ yes try this game if you like rts. however there isnt to much action its a diplomatic based game but have fun guys !!
,Not Recommended,245620,17544983,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Gaunter O'dimm,Just awful. The politics is messed up. I made an alliance with the Allies oinly to be invaded by American T-34's. -_- Nothing else needs to be said. Nothing.
76561198122389549,Not Recommended,245620,16833831,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Kiwi,Lacks the desire to keep playing.endless spam of DLCS .unpolished.I wasnt  huge fan of tropico 3 but loved 4 so i natruly assumed this would be better or just as good... dont make the same mistake.
,Recommended,245620,16812258,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,LongRangeSniper,Great game that keeps your mind sharp.
,Recommended,245620,16504537,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AwSmCreator,I loved Tropico 4 and I wasn't sure about Tropico 5. I got it with some friends so we could all play together and I was pleasantly surprised. The gameplay is fantastic. I also assassinated my political opponents. 10/10 would assassinate again.
76561198052771682,Recommended,245620,16536290,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jaegrim79,i can't play it!! Error!! why???
,Recommended,245620,16537329,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Fenrari,"Ruling Tropico has become much more fun with this generation. Less DLC BS and more general Megalomania,"
,Recommended,245620,17397170,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,aqua scummm,"The main story is fun.  Overall the game is well balanced, it gives the players the option to micromanage when necessary, and tycoon the crap out of industries when you just want to play a big picture role.If I had paid full price for it, I would be 'satisfied'.  Because I got it at a steep discount, I will go ahead and say ""top 10 purchases of 2015, without a doubt, possibly top 3"".Worth it, if you like city management games, simulations, and deciding whether you should spend your last $15,000 to (A) kill/banish your top 5 enemies, or (B) build the medical center the people are rioting for.For what it's worth, my very competitive, not-a-huge-gamer girlfriend really enjoyed it, and beat it before I did."
76561198110345188,Recommended,245620,16953539,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Zapatista1989,"When it comes to Tropico, I'm more of a newcomer as I've only played this game because it had a ""FREE Weekend"" that week. So, I checked it out and didn't play much. But then, I bought the game after watching TotalBiscuit play this on ""WTF IS...?"". The game is suprisingly interesting as the detail in the game is massive, they put Calypso Entertainment put a TON of enhancements into the game after playing Tropico 3 at a friend's house. For example, the Era system was a nice touch to add to the gameplay instead of focusing on a country in the Cold War Era (e.g USA Vs USSR). I love the political humor in the game like poking fun at Brokeback Mountain and totalitarianism. I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of SimCity, Civillization, and political humor. This is also a good game if you're just beginning to play video games as it's very casual and laidback. I think my only issue with the game is that it's challenging for a beginner like myself, like keeping your approval rating up and keeping the economy afloat. In total I would give this game a:9.5/10"
76561198144794827,Recommended,245620,16965691,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,BlueLegoCat,I like this game but when i first got it it was on sale and i got the steam special edition but i dont have any dlc thing in my game or any new costumes or any thing i was supost to get with the special editoin and all i got was the normal tropico 5. In other news the game is ok. multiplayer is kind of a baren wastland right now  so i cant really go into to much deatail on that. the single player game is great. although it gets boring after a while (19 hours) its still fun to have an island with building built on a grod bases system.
,Recommended,245620,16942960,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Kaz,"Great fun, only wish the DLCs weren't so overpriced in comparission to what they provide."
76561198063254122,Not Recommended,245620,16455484,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,machete143,"As people mentioned already before me, a lot of stuff is missing or buggy. Traffic congestion and housing are two of the major issues as well as missing micro-management like disallow resources from being exported."
76561198030751455,Recommended,245620,16428005,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,deabury,
76561198125565142,Not Recommended,245620,16370463,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CallMeSilver,Waste of money couldnt even start the game. To believe I was looking forward to playing it.
76561197992339300,Recommended,245620,10489232,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Chojin,With the recent patches and fixes to the game I can say that the game is now quite enjoyable.  Things do what they are supposed to.
76561198103431330,Not Recommended,245620,13190840,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fun Fact Filibuster,Seems a lot like Tropico 4. Waiting for the game saving DLC
,Not Recommended,245620,16405164,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zonemind,"Tropico 4 was better. I'm still playing Tropico 5, because there are a few interesting systems I'm playing with from the perspective of game design. As a player, I had more moments of pure pleasure from the prior game, both because of the grotty intricacy of the prior game (the movement to ""simplify"" games is deeply irksome, the fact that ""casual"" gamers are lucrative does not imply that the market should converge on casual game styles), and because the writing is just better.Also, the business model of the DLC is kinda gross. A couple of them really feel like ""Pay to Win"" type stuff. It says something really that the part of the DLCs that I've consistently enjoyed most has been the new music."
,Not Recommended,245620,16389880,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Sleepy X,GET RID OF REBELS
76561197960301023,Recommended,245620,16702229,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,IsraeliBigMan,very good game.
,Not Recommended,245620,16704077,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Saucy Dangles,"Do I recommend this game? No. Why? Tropico 4, along with its Modern day expansion is much more fun than Tropico 5."
,Recommended,245620,16363744,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Equaliser,"Not very different to Tropic 4, but improved on it more than it did on Tropic 3 however.With timeline progression more buildings, and political and historical humour its a good game."
76561198084172188,Recommended,245620,26309890,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Stealth Bomber,"If you like industrialization, you will like this game"
,Recommended,245620,26483674,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Some Guy,Pretty fun game + i got it on sale  probally wouldnt get it full priced
76561198018806166,Recommended,245620,24581999,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AndreiC,"This game is fun.Original idea, game play and story line.Graphics are good and UI is easy to learn."
,Recommended,245620,24603795,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,TeamCaaaaarrll,"Great game I really recommend it. No no, I colossally recommend this game."
76561198079000751,Recommended,245620,24553258,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,zooke94,I've been playing since Tropico 1... It's a rare series that can maintain and even exceed its prequels... They really take feedback to heart and don't destroy aspects of the game that you used to love. Whether playing for nostalgia from Tropico 1 or looking for a new city management game (with a sense of humor) you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,245620,24606922,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,DankMemers,"If you played Tropico 4 and want a shiny new tropico with all the bess and whistles, stay with Tropico 4. Now Tropico 5 is by no means a bad game, hence why I'm recomending it, but it isn't what it could have been. While on the base 5 may be slightly lacking compared to 4 when the dlc is added the difference is really shown. While 5's dlc added in things that should have been there, and new things, 4 did the same... only with the entire modern times expansion. But wait, you may say, 5 has the time progression built in. That's true, but most of it is artificial blockages on buildings and abilities.That being said, the adjustable pop limits, shiny new (in 2014) graphics, research, traiding, and minor added depth makes this a reccomendation if you are looking for a new city builder/country runner that is at a fair price, especcially on sale."
76561198095139624,Recommended,245620,16665319,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,HAYWIRENINJA,"A perfectly made city builder, set on a tropical paradise."
,Recommended,245620,23929217,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Skypo,"Good game overall but still quite limited, could use some more customization options in regards to buildings, roads and such. And the multiplayer would be way more awesome if we could use the DLC's there as well. I would love to spy on my fellow players."
76561198173146063,Recommended,245620,30753319,Posted: 26 March,all,Franklin Delano Roosvelt,This one of the best city building game on the Steam. You can compare it with Sim City. Too bad that is not multiplayer:)
,Recommended,245620,24098031,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,elomenopee,"Pretty addictive game, a cruel mistress > You will fail missions at the last minute for a mistake you made in the first minute of game play."
,Recommended,245620,24104852,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MÀ?ntze,"This game in my honest opinion absolutly crushes previous Tropico games, far more complex and detailed. I am sturggely to undertsand the reviews that say differently which is what brings me to post this."
76561197969010545,Recommended,245620,21547866,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Osyto,"A great city builder, well made, with unique atmosphere.- South america dictator character builder > South accent, south america architecure design, car etc...- Good match with the different option on the game  (you can grow coton, to make clothes, you can also make a chemical factory and improve your clothes factory etc).- Quite simple to handle.- Very relaxing to play."
,Recommended,245620,23920903,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nik,"Reminds me of a mix between Civ + SimCity, except you play as an ostentatious dictator. Lighthearted atmosphere and fun gameplay... oh yeah, and the soundtrack! The music is great, even if you aren't a huge fan of Latin music (like myself), you just can't help but love it."
,Recommended,245620,23909315,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,MMOJunkie,I love this game!! now I can finally be the kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥tator that civ 5 wouldn't let me be :)
76561198039704291,Recommended,245620,23820998,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ArchDragon,It's a solid entry into the Tropico Franchise. I recommend playing Tropico 4 first however and also make sure you buy the complete collection so you have access to the full content of the game. The combat system is kind of lame though since the main strategy seems to be to spam a bunch of guard towers right next to each other.
,Recommended,245620,24122821,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ccfr221,"WHAT'S WRONG WITH F*CKING ST*PID AII IMPORTED COAL FOR POWER PLANT, BUT THE 6000 COAL IS JUST RIPENING IN PORT FOR 3 YEARSBUILD 2 TEAMSTERS OFFICE BUT NEVER WORKEDWHY THIS HAPPENED?(BUT OTHER THINGS ARE ENTERTANING)"
,Recommended,245620,24121952,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zews,"You are the Kim Jong Un of this tropical island and you must lead your people to prosperity, or prison, your choice. All while avoiding an invasion from a foreign power, or an uprising of your own people who will sing your praises but rebel because, well I don't know, they just don't seem to like all the free food, healthcare, and housing."
76561197974642498,Recommended,245620,24161542,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Gingerbread,"I put off buying this game for a LONG time because of all the bad reviews. And i understand where these people are coming from. There are a few missing features from TROP4.There is one song in particular that comes through in the Music rotation that is mind numbingly annoying.But its a fun game, I had a fun time and think others could have a fun time too."
76561197971199651,Recommended,245620,24002441,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sir Pilliage,epic fun..... but the transport system needs patching badly.
,Recommended,245620,25568359,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,mckFlash,"It's the first Tropico game that I played and I'm very happy with it! Previously I played Civilization V, which is turn based and you have plenty of time and information. Here it's an RTS with pause option. However it's not so information rich as Civ V. At the beginning it's a little bit problematic, but the game takes it slowly and introduces new concepts as the campaing progresses. Once you know all concepts it's good to read a guide and the manual which gives you perspective on how to start game and initiate good economy.Finally it plays very well on Ubuntu :)"
,Recommended,245620,20194473,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,hlxPL,I am a big Tropico fan. There is something about playing it with a rum drink and just having fun being El Presidente. By no means am I an experienced Tropico player. I beat the campaigns and do well but I know there is more to the game.To me Tropico5 is a very good game with interesting campaign and some improvements over the way things worked in Tropico 5. I know some people are not fans but for me - a casual player this game is fun and I definitely can recommend it.
,Recommended,245620,20235058,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,e.p.healy,"First of all, if you like the other games in the series, I can see no reason why you wouldn't get just as many hours out of this. Controversial though this may be, I prefer this to Tropico 4 - The campaigns are excellent, I love the progression through the eras and I just find it a more enjoyable experience. However, the difference is not so great as to justify paying much more for this than T4.A lot of people have complained about the DLC situation, personally, I think it's well implemented in as much as the main game is perfectly enjoyable in its own right but the DLC adds plenty if you find yourself wanting something new after playing for a while, which is somewhat of an inevitability with this kind of game.Overall, I would recommend the game (with or without DLC)."
76561197993288786,Recommended,245620,10654399,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Invest,"Absolutely awesome game! Best citiy building, trading and political game I have ever played. So much fun to see your city grow slowly and trade stuff with your ships! Suitable for young and old, noob and pro.(If you don't like the music after hours of gaming just turn it off and listen to some music in the background from the internet, that's what I do)I need to stress this out again: The music is absolutely horrible in this game! My ears bleed!!!! Just listen to Tropico 1 soundtrack, that was awesome!"
76561198133320257,Not Recommended,245620,19901666,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Chicken Chaser,I was having alot of fun playing the campain until i got to the third misson. It wouldnt load and it would just close the game when I triy to load it. PLASE HELP
,Recommended,245620,20199408,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,foreverlass,"This is the most funnest game I've played in a while. I was originally skepticle about purchasing this game seeing how I've never played any versions of Tropico before; however, it surely delivered. Basically you get to manage an island and if you're good to the people you get to keep it. I havent been able to get 50% approval yet but I have played all night. Best purchase. Would be a dictator again 10/10"
76561197961024627,Recommended,245620,20245775,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Wetnoodle,"If you're a fan of Tropico it's more of the same with some refinements.  The ability to take an island from humble beginnings through to modern times, replaying islands and watching them grow through the campaign, is a nice touch.  They have added other advancement types of gameplay in the family legacy and leveling of family members.  The DLC has been nice so far, especially if purchased on sale.  I am the kind of person who tends to not complete games, I have completed the vanilla Tropico 5 campaign and will finish the expansion gameplay."
,Recommended,245620,20441996,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dino ✖,"it Quite connected to the reality ... advice to do some research from youtube or wiki before play it, because you will failed the mission with not realise what is going on :)"
76561197972531023,Recommended,245620,30677445,Posted: 22 March,all,Server Crasher,"Make your island the bastion of democracy or have a fun time as a heavy handed dictator, what more could you want?"
76561198102765450,Recommended,245620,20493410,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Tweddingston25,An amazing game it is an improved sim city but not a sophusticated as civillization v. So an all round good game.Buy it!!!!
,Not Recommended,245620,20499656,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,General Stubbs,Tropico 4 is better.
76561197984442554,Recommended,245620,20525522,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Slowmo67 (Chris),EEs Okay.
,Not Recommended,245620,20627802,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,COBRAws,"Too many DLC, buying a Banana Republic in real life is cheaper"
,Recommended,245620,14798453,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Sneaky Turtle,10/10 LeninsWould have commmunist revolution again.
76561198283543551,Recommended,245620,23082796,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Madi,Tropico 5 is an amazing game. The game is often hard because you must balance everything. But the game is cool!!!
76561198004819490,Not Recommended,245620,11752990,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SadricAmber,"This is unfortunately a step backward in the franchise. A great deal of what made the game fun is gone (Dynasty members do nothing) and very little is added. It quickly becomes repetetive. Comabt has managed to become worse where your armies take weird pathing to get where they need to go. There are no cool statues to put out or decorations other than ""small park"" and ""large park"". Worst of all is that it is incredibly frustrating to actually see what is going wrong on your island. The Alamanac is a wreck. This game needs a total revolution to get back to its roots. It has become an elderly El Presidente."
76561197964741749,Recommended,245620,25546224,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Size9ed,Good fun!
76561198284402206,Recommended,245620,25560260,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Karen♀,Its a great game
,Not Recommended,245620,21554220,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Miss Chevious ︻气デ═一,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I love the concept and I did enjoy what I played, but at the same time, I ran into a lot of glitches that made it almost impossible to save a game or keep the game going after it reached a certain point. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong, but it made it too frustrating to continue.Might try again after updates are made."
76561198079300037,Recommended,245620,21605189,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,giggityiggity,"Great game.  Easy to sink hours into it without knowing.  Much of my time spent was trial and error trying to find the best strategy to get to the modern era.  Once you understand how to get to the modern era, the game really opens up.Some things I notice people say about this game...1) too hard, almost impossible- It really is not.  There are plenty of strategies online to help you get started if you do not care to try the campaign/tutorial.  Not saying the campaign/tutorial are the most helpful, but I don't think the developers intended to spoonfeed people the knowledge of how-to-win in said modes.2) terrible graphics, same as Tropico 4- Ehh, to each his own.  Game looks incredible to me, running between 80-110fps @1440p.  Never played Tropico 4 so can't compare.3) Tropico 4 is better.- Have not played Tropico 4 so I can't really compare.  From what I've read, most people liked Tropico 4 better because it was way easier.4) broken mechanics.  you lose everything when you move to a new era.- No, you do not lose everything.  Some of your managers might lose their jobs (I think this is a thing), but you definitely do not lose everything.  I notice most people that hate this game do so because they don't understand how to succeed in each era and move onto the next.  There are multiple ways to do this but the key is knowing when to modernize and what to modernize.  Old houses/buildings need to be replaced with new ones to keep people happy.  If you have power available but don't build a plant, your approval rating will steadily decline; same goes for not supplying electricity to people.  Seems like a logical mechanic.5) it's impossible to keep everyone happy.- Well duh! That's how real life is too!  You have to attack your weakest stat, be it crime safety, religion, food, etc. at the right time in the right era, and that largely depends on your constitution and overall playing strategy.6)DLC- Totally optional.  Only Waterborne and Espionage add anything worth having and even then, the game is completely playable to the bitter end without any DLC.  The DLC does not make this game, period.Seriously one of the best strategy/city builder games I've ever played.  To top it off, cross-console multiplayer in a city builder; A+."
,Not Recommended,245620,12818746,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,massively in the plus,I love the Tropico games!   But not this one...
76561198074720971,Recommended,245620,21701932,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,I like to build things and kill anti-nationalist rebels.Banana Republic Simulator - 10/10
76561197987082336,Recommended,245620,21719244,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Darth Kvasir,"Tropico 5 is a great addition to the Tropico series! though i did find myself running into some major issues when playing a big well built up island, that i felt was neglected during devlopment. Overall it is alot of fun to play and a great addition to the gere in general.If you enjoy Tropico, or City building games / sims, buy it.8.5 / 10"
,Recommended,245620,21761069,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Jooe,I play this just to listen to the music.
,Recommended,245620,21766467,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Rielious,Fun and relaxing!
76561198060760851,Not Recommended,245620,21534267,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NjohnsonE,military left to fight one rebel group while 7 came from different direction and destroyed♥♥♥♥♥♥and pop limits at 4000 due to framerate but should be 10000 wtf
76561198008145356,Not Recommended,245620,21543787,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skeetr72,"Wanted to like it, re-installed Tropico 4 instead.Tropic 4 Appreciation Simulator 11/10"
76561198177848447,Recommended,245620,21514476,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fuze,needs an enemy that you can invade not on your island but island vs island single player and multiplayer
76561198207247257,Not Recommended,245620,21292065,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Kam1kaze,Combat is a joke!
,Not Recommended,245620,15194578,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,mil45 | BuggyRider,+improved graphics-%1 game %99 dlc-%1 game %99 dlc-%1 game %99 dlc-%1 game %99 dlc-%1 game %99 dlc-%1 game %99 dlc
76561198037329627,Recommended,245620,21299742,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Londo Mollari,"One of the most difficult tropico games, given you choose the right settings or workshop scenarios. Lots of fun but if you are easily frustrated play at lowest settings. Some of the dlc is not worth the price but some is. The reviews are pretty accurate and will let you pick which dlc you want. Tropico 5 expands on many areas other Tropico games have not delved into while getting rid of some of the old features (some which were pretty good). As a Tropico game goes this is without a doubt the most unique. In a good way or a bad way is up to the taste of the gamer in question.1. Economy.The economy is much better and more realistic. There are now features like trade routes, which when used effectively can help a lot. Used without the foreign relations penalties in mind can now result in foreign invasions, and trade route embargos. The settings for sandbox maps are more generic in presentation but work just about as well as other Tropico games. Some building upgrades tend to work a bit differently than Tropico 4. I am sorry that i do not know how to adequately describe the changes, yet i find them welcome. If you like the challenge of making money you will enjoy this.There are also buliding managers that provide various bonuses and in some cases both bonuses and penalties to your buildings and even perhaps surrounding buildings. This means citizens now have roles. Some are good roles like supervisor. Some are bad like rebel or with the espionage expansion foreign spy.2. Military.The military game of Tropico 5 has new features. Not only do your troops fight the rebels but ANYONE who attacks your island or your rule. There is still the potential for coups, although personally i find it easier to maintain the military factions' approval than previous Tropico's, but this does not mean the military portion of the game is easier. In fact even on the easiest settings it is more challenging than many other Tropico games. Something else that should be mentioned is there are a lot of military options even in vanilla Tropico 5. If you add dlc and the Espionage expansion you get even more. I think the military game is more realistic as well. YOu can also see the stats of you troops which now operate in squads. There are three stats, attack power, health and number of units in the squad. Troops also do not surrender as easily. Sometimes they will not surrender at all choosing to fight to the last man which i think occurs more often with high miltary loyalty.3. Foreign Relations.This has been changed quite a bit as well. In the colonial era it is really hard to get invaded by the crown. Pirates can invade but are usually easily beaten. I think this is a good balance choice by Kalypso. Nothing is worse in a strategic game than jumping in and being outnumbered and outgunned from the very start, with no chance of preperation. However if you do not prepare for the next eras being invaded by superpowers is much more risky. In the colonial era, the main effect with having bad relations with the crown is lack of trade routes, which can hurt your income and lack of yearly funds sent from the crown, which is not vital but every little bit helps. Latter foreign relations get more tricky to manage, especially in the modern era. Much like Tropico 4 there are 5 factions. Only two can invade you that i know of. The dynamics of trade routes become much more complicated, although Tropico 5 gives you various ways around that, if you invest wisely. You can now import trade goods directly from foreign powers as well as minor powers, smugglers and in the colonial era pirates. With the waterborne expansion smugglers become a more viable option with the smugglers docks building. The Espionage expansion makes significant changes to foreign relations. You now have spies and more ways to detect the roles of citizens. Police stations now help detect the roles of citizens. As a sidenote police stations can now serve the additonal role of fire station with an upgrade. Spies can be used for various missions some of which i am still familiarizing myself with. The ones i am familiar with are steal money and steal technology. That's right Tropico 5 now has research and scientists. Frankly there's not enough of that. It is very reminiscent of a certain mission in Tropico 4 with the exception of the scientists producing the research points. Yet i digress. Nations will now demand more from you including more frequent survival from foreign invasions missions. Most of which occurs in the World Wars era. Embassies are much more functional than the foreign minitry building and provide more options for manging foreign relations. There is a cost for every foreign action, so in actuality foreign relations is harder in my opinion.Island Factions.Throughout most of Tropico 5 i find the importance of island factions is not nearly as important. Actually with the exception of the military faction I ignore the others. Yet this is because the constitution you develop on your island influences them a lot. With the right options island factions can be a dominant force, or firmly under your control which is how i play. If you give a lot of power to the factions on your island i can imagine those factions being more important than in previous tropico games. Factions can now influnce protests.... well as far as i can tell. There are both faction protests and citizen protests.... as far as i can tell. Citizen protests you can buy off, negotiate to do certain tasks to appease them, or send in the troops. Yet this is all fuzzy to me because i never have protests the way i play. I may have a island wide uprising on occasion which my troops will usually put down, but never protests :). Also with the right constitution option it is now possible by all appearances that some military faction supporters can now fight as militia, which is handy during foreign invasions and those nasty island wide uprisings :). It is very possible to have an army of 200 without much effort by the end of the game. One other thing is edicts now can more directly affect miltary strength. Those militia from the milittary faction work almost as well as modern infantry when used with the right to arms edict. Problem is rebels are stronger and those citizens who join the uprisings. Anyone who invades your island and faces 5 squads of modern infantry, 3 tanks squads, 2 apc squads, fighter bombers and cruise missiles ( which is usally what i run with in the modern era, will be promptly, efficiently and quickly squashed with a minimum of effort and collateral damage. Watch out for those fighter bombers they can kill your citizens.In summary Tropico 5 offers many ways to play. In fact more ways than previous incarnations with the addition of multiplayer and workshop content. I give the economic aspect a 9/10. The military aspect a 10/10, the Foreign relations aspect a 10/10, and the Island Factions aspect a 7/10."
,Recommended,245620,21308403,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Host of the Nightmare,"I went in with low expectations from reviews comparing this to Tropico 4. However, it turned out to be better than I expected."
76561198117603594,Not Recommended,245620,21239264,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dr. Grant,In my opinion Tropico 4 is the best Tropico in the series.
76561198006620047,Recommended,245620,21238437,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Staffan,"It's a fun game that you can play for hours although basically nothing has changed since tropico 3. New buildings, thats about it.But it is still adictive.I only wish they would make a NEW game instead of just LAZY updating of the contents. Yes, Im talking to you Calypso!"
76561198034866208,Recommended,245620,20413343,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jballs,"Well ♥♥♥♥, I like it.  You have to like economy games...A LOT.  I read a lot of reviews of people whining saying you can't save your online games, but you can.  Just go to ""request game save"".  As for the game itself, the graphics are great, the variety of resources, trade, and things to do is fairly endless.  The campaign is excellent and even after you beat it, you can mess around on sandbox mode when you are bored.  I wouldn't pay full price for the game but the sale price is worth it (75% off)."
76561198074843833,Recommended,245620,20459490,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Q Ninja,"Good Game, I enjoy the comedy, management, good graphics,  and all the other great content this game has."
76561198255479276,Recommended,245620,30708952,Posted: 24 March,all,rbprilly,Very nice game.
76561198161791588,Recommended,245620,21373515,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,britneygonzalez,"This game is AWESOME, well it WAS... untill it started crashing all of the frigging time. I have a beautifully running 2011 macbook pro, all of my other games run smoothly. why the crashes? PLEASE FIX! I REALLY WANT TO PLAY!!! :''''"
,Recommended,245620,21453454,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Aboikos,"Great game. Best version yet, I think. Tropico was never a difficult game. #5 has gotten harder, but it is still managable with out too much fuss on hardest levels. I like that. Music is great. I can chill with my islands and be surprised when things f up. Recommending this."
,Recommended,245620,21041522,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Resya.Veteran'17,Tropico 5?You should buy this if you want to be a president in your own world with your own rules9/10
,Recommended,245620,21862855,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Kulkun,It's so fun! All the magic of Tropico 4 with improved graphics and a pretty fun storyline! Building things and running the different islands is a blast. My favorite city builder ever!
76561198026605335,Recommended,245620,21856740,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Captain Heinous,"Suprisingly intricate as a management game, fairly interesting as a building game as well; overall a top notch game of its kind, like city skylines, banished, planetbase. This is the only tropico game I have played, but it is easy to get into and provides tonnes of choice in terms of buildings, technologies, and a good amount of choice in terms of progression over time and diplomatic relations. Building is a little less interesting as islands are relatively small, and the maximum population limits size to some extent. Very fun employment and internal politics systems."
76561198029796308,Not Recommended,245620,17069860,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Wone87,"Overall it's a good game and is quite a lot of fun however it does not provide enough information about the people, buildings, finances, etc for you to have  good control over everything.  Many times your stuck  guessing when something isn't going well as your just not provided with enough info to be able to recognize what's wrong.  It makes the game overly frustrating and not in a challenging way just in an way that makes you want to stop playing."
76561198074013669,Not Recommended,245620,17027592,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Jean,Multiplayer population cap 2000 divised by number of players like 1000 for 2 player gamePopulation cap fixing mods not allowed for multiplayerso this game hasnt multiplayer sadly
76561198001601065,Recommended,245620,16964423,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Fenylal,"It's surprising how research and progressing through eras makes this game feel fresh and new. There's more to do now, more to fight for, but it's also become a little bit easier in my opinion. However the series seems to have lost much of the personalities of the citizens, I rarely find the need to micro-manage citizens, and issuing edicts on them hardly seems worthwhile. They're just numbers in Tropico 5. Also, the music is more akin to the original Tropico, which is a little calmer and suits well the with colonial era.Surprisingly, the campaign involves only two islands at first! You go back and forth between these islands as the campaign progresses, keeping progress between missions. Then, after the first chapter is complete, you get two new islands to play on, but these are somewhat more difficult. The ending was a bit abrupt, but all in all a satisfactory and somewhat challenging campaign.The game has no official support for mods (the devs find it too troublesome to offer support on mod issues), but they still allow mods in the game. I suggest having a look at them, as there are some additions which the devs should have though of from the beginning. Also, the new multiplayer feature seems interesting, though I haven't tried it yet.On the minus side, the game is quite lacking in buildings compared to the previous Tropico. Some people seem to think this is so they can earn more money on over-priced DLC (which I tend to agree, far too expensive for something that's little more than a fan mod), but the game is still enjoyable without the DLC.If you like the Tropico series, this game won't let down. It's more of the same, with some imho great new flavours."
76561198053450443,Recommended,245620,17315238,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,NaVi`Hendi,This Game Thought me that you cannot please everyone. and it is hard to govern a country.
,Recommended,245620,17341347,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Steph Salus,I love Tropico 4 and 5. I hate Tropico 2 and 3. Yes I do recommend. At least it has better graphics.
76561198040468995,Not Recommended,245620,17343602,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,randall4tssaa,"I have loved tropico since the pirate cove days however, this one is terrible. it would seem that they hired the makers of civilization and total war after tropico 4 and came up with this. if your a tropico fan than this is a major dissapointment however, if this is your first experience and have no expectations for this game then you may like it."
,Not Recommended,245620,17344662,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sabrtoof,"I'm right on the line with this one. I've really enjoyed the Tropico franchise and while I believe MP was the big sell for Tropico5, I don't have a real desire to do MP games these days (getting old).If you have Tropico4 already, then you could possibly leave this out of the collection. I didn't feel there was a huge improvement and if I'm not mistaken, the old soundtracks on Tropico4 (and 3) were much better.The reason why I gave it a do not recommend is down to the DLCs - they don't seem to add a lot to the game while each pack comes in at no small cost. Don't get me wrong, you DO get the full experience out of the box, you don't need the DLCs to make the game feel more complete. So while I really enjoyed the base game and I can't help but give it a downvote with the DLC policy.Sorry Kalypso and Haemimont."
,Recommended,245620,17359377,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,J. Nicole,"This game is a little more difficult and confusing than Tropico 4. However, despite those things I enjoy it a little more than I do Tropico 4. I would recommend this game if you like this genre and don't mind a challenge."
,Recommended,245620,17362451,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Abcsam,The rebels?!?!? Ok I get its part of the game but really when they overwhealm everything how come you cant build more troops??? Its just GG you done? Also the Tutoril first lvl leavs a lot to be disired it took me forever to find the coal mine. Other than a few hard knocks understanding how to play the game its not bad but it could use some polishing 3 1/2 stars
,Not Recommended,245620,17219569,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,BandarFHD,Sadly the whole game is depended on the DLCsYou don't pay triple the price of the original game = You don't get the full content
,Recommended,245620,17220984,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sebalord,Nice game with historial political  fictional touch. Be a badass be a good guy be what you want.
,Not Recommended,245620,17223600,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Skully,Bleh is all I can say. Loved tropico 4. Wouldn't mind getting my money back for this one. I don't see myself playing it ever again.
76561198095804183,Recommended,245620,26225198,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Disneyforever,Like Tropico 4 but with a 512/10
,Recommended,245620,27862910,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MoshedZ,Fidel Castro Simulator.Enough said.Raul/Fidel.
76561198060433751,Recommended,245620,27883512,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xeen313,Few games spark my interest like the Tropico series. The 4th is probably my favorite but the 5th is cool too. Wish they would continue to make more DLC's but that won't stop me from creating more maps! If you like island builder then this is your game!
,Recommended,245620,27883008,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Loonygeekfun,This is my first experience of this type of game and I really am enjoying it! the tutorial was good to work through and made me really want to aim for independence. .which I did! it took me about 90 minutes but I was streaming so I was talking a lot.I just played again and really enjoyed it still and already looking forward to the next go.I'm a noob and just getting into gaming and this game was perfect for me.I can see other people have complaints but I haven't got any point of reference to compare to but I can say that the way you move across the map isn't as smooth as I've seen on more modern games like Planet Coaster.The humour and voice acting is great and I like the fact that the voice does not read the whole chunk of text so you can read the rest at your own pace.I got this on sale and it was totally worth a fiver!
,Recommended,245620,27780519,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Achievement Professional,"Experience: From hating it after pre-purchase to playing it for 200 hours and easily going through each era with sufficient capital and support. This game literally makes me enjoy the game category of city management.It easily tricks people into building every resource building with all availabe $$ in the beginning and when you get to second era, you cannot support every facility and get attention to everything. Its all about priority and Its almost always factories and army buildings that you need to build first.To me, the bad side of Tropico 5 is that there are necessary steps and edicts and whatever that you need to do to not lose the game, instead of choosing from many methods and doing it perfectly. Like building army, police, churches, YOU NEED TO BUILD ONE IN EVERYTHING TO SATISFY ALL THOSE NOISY FACTIONS AND STAKEHOLDERS.I am not a player to previous series but it doesn't matter to me when I am satisfied with Tropico 5. I once bought T4 and wanna try it out but for me its graphic is not playable in 2016. T5 has better graphic anyway.The only thing that stops me from playing now is multiplayers have bugs and issues. I was playing with my friends with shared army as it helped against rebel and invasion. But then armies for each player started to run around aimlessly and cannot get back to their base. It all ended up with a lot of leftover armies on the map and the player who started the battle could not finish building processes and the game never ended. It made me and my friends stop playing T5 because of the bug and the frustration associated. There are minor issues like almost to 0 map choices and internet sync issues that immediately kills multi game process. Nevertheless, Its about multiplayer.Overall:Good side:- SOLO and CAMPAIGN good for the graphic and player specialization on city management.- Many things for you to play around and manage (budget, HR, factions and stakeholders, facilities, edicts)Bad side:- MULTIPLAYER A BIG NO unless you run individual armies and play with perfect internet.- Must-do lists of things and actions in each era in order to not lose games"
76561198114870098,Recommended,245620,27483718,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,svenne?,10/10 Would el presidente again
,Recommended,245620,27573524,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sharahfluff,"great game, crappy DLC."
76561198008558459,Recommended,245620,27565006,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Samek,Woobdelydub dub! Eager for the 6th game!
76561198036156118,Recommended,245620,27434002,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,aerr,"This is classic, and I really hope Kalipso would go on without loosing the style and the feeling of rum and tobacco under the Carebbean stars."
76561198034029393,Recommended,245620,27594513,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,cherniyalpinist,Best city building and dictatorship simulator ever made.
,Recommended,245620,27627633,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spearfox,"Fun, fast, casual sandbox city simulator complete with traffic and annoying rebels!Witty comment aside, it's a lightweight timekiller if you like city building. Easy to understand, hard to master. I keep coming back to it despite its age."
,Recommended,245620,28287220,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Cockus Maximus,"great satire, best gameplay of the series."
,Recommended,245620,28285295,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Alrex,"A little more refined than Tropico 4, but nothing too special. Short and sweet if you are in it for the story, but replayability is limited."
,Recommended,245620,12105200,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Flubba T. Waffle,Fun I guess
,Recommended,245620,27611142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tolvak,Ready for Tropico 6!
,Recommended,245620,28058790,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Herr Derb,Best game ever
,Recommended,245620,28257597,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Justin Hinds & The Dominoes,penultimo tutored me through collegenow i work with my dad
76561198306864232,Recommended,245620,28394279,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Fullofpartying,"This is a very, very fun game. I bought it when it was on sale, i believe 65% off. anyways, the concept of the game is very political, and tactical. The goal of the game is pretty much to create a lifestyle (island city) while dealing with natural disasters, presidental debates, angry mobs, pirates (rare) or even turned military/ police. This game runs very smooth, the graphics are pretty good, and its quite realistic depending on the way you look at life. While your playing the game, there are edicts you can issue, and you can also make up a constitution. personally, i would HIGHLY recommend this game. Although, very rarely it will have lag spikes once your cities start getting too big, or theres over population in certain areas. also, the multiplayer in this game is a bit slow, and most people are pros at the game, and like me with my 26 hours, im not exactly a good match to someone whos played this for months. once again, HIGHLY recommended"
,Recommended,245620,28395713,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TheMayor -> NIKO&Mouz,"how could you be a dictator? playing this realistic game, but remember this advice: riots are behind the corner even if you are doing well so build at least 3 military bases because 1 or 2 are not enough...good luck!!!"
,Recommended,245620,28383778,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Maks [kickback.com],"Everything is just one big joke on the island of Tropico. Your research team is incompetent, your diplomat is a snob, and your radio DJ is absolutely shameless. But that's OK, because both Tropico 5 and its digital inhabitants don't take anything too seriously. This management sim wraps its irreverent wit around some easily approachable mechanics that smartly grow in complexity as you move through the ages and become more familiar with your new role as El Presidente.There is a lot to enjoy on the sandy beaches of Tropico 5. Whether you're playing alone or with up to three others online, the game strikes a good balance between style and substance that is easy to digest for all types of strategy fans. The constant power struggle between the game's various factions--both internal and abroad--creates an ever-changing challenge for you to manage as El Presidente, whether through force or appeasement. And while the rest of the world tears itself apart with World War-this and Cold War-that, the simple-minded Tropicans are there to kick their feet up and take it easy for all us sinners."
,Recommended,245620,14965521,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Nicolas Cage,I love the game but multyplayer is so empty :(
,Recommended,245620,14965923,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DinoSon,Awesome game! If you like city simulation game with a more realistic context then this game is for you. Play as a distator and rule your own dynasty.
,Recommended,245620,14781630,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,AmayaYama,"I really love this game and would gift it to someone else. if i was going to give anyone a gift as a game it would be this. sometimes it can be hard but thats what makes it better. I never get tried of playing this game, i could play it for a whole day."
76561198033177375,Not Recommended,245620,14798517,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,rayanalhussini,the game is not working what can i do
,Recommended,245620,14799390,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Huserx,"As some have said it has it's quirks and seems to be lacking some of the depth of Tropico 4. That being said, I still enjoyed it."
,Recommended,245620,26110532,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,sonicbooming,Rule with an iron fist. It's the only way.
76561198031254429,Recommended,245620,20934601,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Olafr_the_Viking,Quite entertaining city builder / tower defence-ish kind of game. The humour is well-written and fits the atmosphere well. All in all a pretty good game.Conclusion: 8 out of 10.Olafr blogs about modding and gaming:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/Olafr reviews similar games:- Civilization V.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031254429/recommended/8930- Sid Meiers Civilization IV: Colonization (with RaR mod).http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031254429/recommended/16810- Endless Legend.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031254429/recommended/289130- Galactic Civilizations III.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031254429/recommended/226860- Rise of Nations.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031254429/recommended/287450- Europa Universalis IV.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198031254429/recommended/236850Follow Olafr the Viking Steam Curator to see more reviews of STRATEGY - RPG - SURVIVAL games:http://store.steampowered.com/curator/25341025-Olafr-the-Viking/Learn more about the Olafr Rating System (1 to 10):http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254235900/olafr-the-viking-rating-system-1-to-10-olafrCompare this game’s rating to other games in the Olafr Rating History:http://gamersparadiseolafr.tumblr.com/post/152254318505/olafr-the-viking-rating-history-olafr-the
,Recommended,245620,10509119,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,|NOV-VD| Maxim,it's the best city building sim/dictatorship sim i ever played in my life 10 out of 10
76561197995328100,Recommended,245620,27102574,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Second Dream,Everyone should play this!
,Recommended,245620,27258782,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sub Zero,"viva tropicoplay this game, make me fell I am Dictator"
76561198033933165,Recommended,245620,28696633,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Samerina,"More fun to play than its predecessors! Major improvement to the MUSIC... variety that I enjoy, as opposed to repetitive sounds from T4. It's a blessing and a curse that your island progress follows you through each challenge section in the campaign. Half the fun is unlocking/researching all the extras as you go. One ""con"" is that you can't make all your factions happy politically, but the compromise adds realism."
76561198103336826,Recommended,245620,18474602,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Stoerder,Like any Tropico: many weeks of fun!
76561198025774959,Recommended,245620,28649434,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TKBuffalo,"This just adds to the great Tropico Series, I always enjoy playing the newest verision.  Although, I am getting angry with all the expensive add ons."
,Recommended,245620,30981668,Posted: 6 April,all,BOT Gay,"Good but kinda glitchy sometimes,bunch of performace problems and all,but the game is awesome! (The developers just needed to focus more in multiplayer too)"
76561197992410886,Recommended,245620,28600871,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TicTac,"I have never played a previous Tropico game.However this game comes across strongly as a fun, sandboxy, active and POSITIVE gaming experience, lots of buildings, lots of Edicts, lots of beaches and sunshine.Down sides:------------Rebels never stop appearing. Rebels kill citizens but killing rebels does not remove them from the island.Killing people causes far too much hassle than it's worth (unfortunately, a massive hit on public order even when killing one hobo).Trade ships can bump into / travel through each other and/or the lighthouse which bugs me a little.After a few games, the de ja vu speeches from the Barmaid become a little tedious.Plus Side:-----------Bright Sunshine!!Smooth and beatuiful 3Ds!!!!Flexibility of management and full sandboxiness goodness.The humour throughout the game is a big plus!Good Edicts system.Tourist speeches are often very funny.Unlike other games such as ""Banished"" this game seems to have SOUL (not the music).FUTURE LIKES:In future releases I'd like to see:- Variety of buildings, such as different houses, and different shop styles, for the same shop type.- Full Zoom in to actually travel around as who I am : El Presidente, in a 3D FPS style.- Rebels Die when they're shot.- After civil wars etc. injured parties visit a medical facility (and overcrowd them, etc)."
,Recommended,245620,28919323,Posted: 1 January,all,dankmeme,Basically dictator simulator
,Recommended,245620,28926945,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
76561198063693810,Recommended,245620,28850659,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Denim John,2 HARD 4 ME
,Recommended,245620,10340047,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,h̏į́ͬ4̻͑͜1ͣ̚ͅ0̡̀̈́0̻͚̂0̷̞͛,"bombed a area because a rebel squad was there, buildings burned.why have you not gotten this game yet?THROW MONEY AT IT!11/10"
76561198354685916,Recommended,245620,28884770,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,son of death,its a good game but the dlcs just add little thinks into the game
76561198161859768,Recommended,245620,30991925,Posted: 6 April,all,Luminescence,Build your own country dude! It's fun~ and I just love the accent of NPC in this game~
76561198026752494,Recommended,245620,29013083,Posted: 4 January,all,Cheeses Crust,It's quite fun and humourous. By humourous i dont mean the occasional fast exhale through the nose but actual laugh.I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes laid back games.It kinda gets dull fast though or maybe its just me :)
76561197975050441,Recommended,245620,28775018,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kilo-1,"I've never spent too much time with city simulator games, but the dry absurd sense of humor they've injected into Tropico 5 made it difficult to stop playing."
76561198020850709,Recommended,245620,28828798,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Red Lath,So much fun and an improvement over the version before. A few characteristics are gone and now you can command your forces easier. Maybe a feature many city builders would dislike but strategist will welcome.
76561197994408157,Recommended,245620,29552073,Posted: 28 January,all,DrFetid,Funny humor and fun management.
76561198260293931,Recommended,245620,29310431,Posted: 16 January,all,Fletchda,"*This is an early review and will be updated*This review is mostly comparing what I've seen so far to Tropico 4. I have played Tropico 4 for about a year with around 75hrs of play time. I love Tropic 4. It is a masterpiece in my opinion and it has only minor issues.So far T5 is good. No major flaws in my small play time. It seems much more user friendly in that it uses a grid system instead of the total free placement in T4. It has ""simplified"" wages. It seems to do a better job of filling housing and job spaces. I really like the way the timeline works, that it progresses based on your game, not time passed. The trade is different with options for manual trading which seems mostly optional and the HUD is quite a bit different. I don't love everything. The graphics are somehow more cartoony, but better? its strange. The music is not as good as T4 but how could it be...Overall, I have high hopes for this game and I think I will learn to love it. I hope that if a Tropico 6 is in the works, it will bring back more from T4 and not be like the transition from T3 to T4."
76561198036933802,Recommended,245620,29310460,Posted: 16 January,all,Shocker300,This game is a great casual time killer. I have fun creating new tourists islands and ruling my citizens with an iron fist. Grab it when it's on sale!
,Recommended,245620,29301009,Posted: 16 January,all,Prince Charles the III.,I find this game very good.It's very funny !
,Recommended,245620,29354051,Posted: 19 January,all,Balut Nationalist,One of the Greatest Game i Played- Best Simulation Game- Great Sandbox Game- You can Declare war on the other Player in Multiplayer Games- This Game is Strategic
76561198075544129,Recommended,245620,29390974,Posted: 20 January,all,sascha.umap,delightfull graphics and story line success and a joy to simulation series ....however i am not yet capableyet of leaving the crown age to the cold war onwards... 10/10 stars
76561198007264715,Recommended,245620,29389956,Posted: 20 January,all,Duke705,I've played Tropico 3 an 4. This is pretty much the same game but better. Not alot of content added from the others unless you get all DLC. It's still my favorite in the series though. I recommend picking it up with all DLC when it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,245620,29390020,Posted: 20 January,all,Pr0n,You've seen everything after a few hours and the multiplayer was slapped together with duct tape and 2x4s.
76561198036489854,Recommended,245620,29408335,Posted: 21 January,all,porthos.lopez,Great game! I like the time limit to reach your Independance
76561198277319658,Recommended,245620,29408564,Posted: 21 January,all,The trashman,"(buys the game) ""ahhhhh ill just get this i dont even think ill play it that much but i might as well at least have a little go""(4 hours later)"" so if i do this then i will be powerfull and worshiped like a god"" but also i want the peopl to vote for me so ill make sure they have a job i guess""."
76561198085548103,Recommended,245620,29396188,Posted: 21 January,all,Thecamper2034 Skinhub.com,Really fun game to play with your friends.
,Recommended,245620,29578770,Posted: 29 January,all,Fullrounds,"A highly recommended game for the casual strategist, or the enthuasistic city builder."
,Recommended,245620,29604931,Posted: 31 January,all,Chadamus,"While the game has a bit of a surprising learning curve to really understand the management of food and resources, the graphics and gameplay are excellent."
76561198090337847,Recommended,245620,29372694,Posted: 20 January,all,Arma Armagedon,Learn to play and be mr. presidente great game love it
76561198101324447,Recommended,245620,29317297,Posted: 17 January,all,dfynam,hey guys i bought T5 but only have one mission how do i fix this or is there an updute somewhere??
,Recommended,245620,29344156,Posted: 18 January,all,hello there,"So i think this game is really fun, for a short amout of time.When ur done with the interesting Single player campaign u really cant do much.The Sandbox Mode is super boring there are no challenges and after u played the campaign you know every buiding, farm etc. A bit more dept to the gameplay would be nice where u can download some mods so you can increase the amount of things you can build. Maybe a better Military KI or to be able to choose where they go would be a nice addition for the next Tropico, the soldiers just run anywere. Just an easy pick this Squad and direct them to this position would be nice.But all in all i give this game a 7/10 in the first 10 hours until you beat the campaign and after that its just another sandbox gameJust a little note the DLC approach is pure BS, you have to pay for every tiny thing -.-"
76561198067233388,Recommended,245620,25702386,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bigman123,"Not as good as Tropico 4 with Modern Times, but still OK."
,Not Recommended,245620,29278796,Posted: 15 January,all,Das Fantastico,"Love Tropico but 4 was pretty much 3 it was okay a few more things added but basically the same game music not as good but okay...5 mmmmmmmm???....what can we say about 5? yeah, me no like 5... dissappointed, you might like it just fine if you haven't played any of the other games but you will get tired of the game ending invasions and elections you have no way of getting past and the not very good sound track and the not funny and dumb blather back ground talk from your advisor and radio stations and characters coming to you with this or that. I think I'm gonna delete 5 and just preted it doesn't exist but they already got my money for it soooo...."
,Recommended,245620,29287522,Posted: 15 January,all,Bowser,"A good city sim, but there is a total lack of ability to troubleshoot issues.e.x.Coal Mine - ""This Building is not Producing"", no reason given, your entire eco and production is dead."
,Recommended,245620,29298731,Posted: 16 January,all,Protegent,Waiting for Tropico 6
76561197991303896,Recommended,245620,24355547,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TDuke,"I waited to buy this on sale with all the DLC as I saw there was a lot of upset about low value high price additional content. The game is very good in its complete state, if a little annoying sometimes when your subjects have the gall to rebel all the time.All I wanted to do was to build a social Utopia of an Island that serves my every need. These AI people had to learn to stop being so short sighted so I had huge standing armies, a police state, mass surveylance etc all those good things, but they kept on trying to ruin my perfect vision. People. What can I say. My only complaint is that drone bombing my own citizens was not very effective 8/10."
,Recommended,245620,29596260,Posted: 30 January,all,Aurioux,"Way, way better than Tropico 4."
76561198121776607,Recommended,245620,29725582,Posted: 5 February,all,CyberCASPER,"Pinche Fidel Castro, Che Guevara and theirs commies scums overthrew my Government in the 1950s.   :("
,Recommended,245620,29729691,Posted: 5 February,all,Agris,Leon Trotsky likes this game
76561198089821328,Recommended,245620,29745388,Posted: 6 February,all,Thanos,Brilliant!
,Recommended,245620,29562194,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,-
,Recommended,245620,29565894,Posted: 29 January,all,terence.tommeleyn,Llama's 10/10
76561198030887751,Recommended,245620,29882682,Posted: 12 February,all,Agresivo,"Very fun to play, while kept simple enough"
,Recommended,245620,29867434,Posted: 12 February,all,Redlink,"In my opinion, the game isn't a really good game. The singleplayer gets boring really quickly, the combat is really bad and dynasties don't work great. But after all, playing it with friends is sooooo much fun it's worth it (not at full price though)!"
,Recommended,245620,29905837,Posted: 13 February,all,SirDeity,"I wasn't able to play the game at first. When it finally worked though, the game was spectacular--easily the best Tropic game yet. The main addition in Tropico 5 is military combat. You create military buildings, troops and military vehicles to fight against infiltrations (hostile factions, pirates, etc) and rebel attacks.My only complaint is the very anticlimactic ending to the main campaign. It came as a complete surprise and I would have enjoyed the option to continue playing my campaign maps in sandbox mode. I'd give it a comfortable 85/100. Go buy it!"
76561197970728391,Recommended,245620,29885540,Posted: 12 February,all,Old Man 678,"Another excellent Tropico game. Had read that people didn't like it because it was like the other games, but that is what I like. It has been my experience that when people get the change the want, they hate it.Graphically, very much like Tropico 4 with slight improvements. Same music and alot of the same sayings, but there is enough new stuff to keep it new and fun.I recommend getting the game with the expansion packs. It made the game more fun, funny, and challenging. The Lord of the Pearl was especially hard when you try to defeat Captain Plant, which I have yet to do. The Maltese Toucan is more annoying, but still fun. Offers alot of different things you can do and several new buildings that offer alot of new upgrades and visuals. You also have 7 dynasty members you can insert in your buildings as a manager to make the building more efective. Like this better than what T4 had.As for the multiplayer part, it is dead, but I can't see how that would be all that fun anyways.Even though it was alot like T4, this game still offers alot of stuff that is different and keeps you engaged. It made laugh plenty and there is hours of fun, including the expansion packs. Still enjoyable and fun after all this time."
,Recommended,245620,29963711,Posted: 16 February,all,dannyalder88,"My partner introduced me to this game and I am so glad he did. Not only is it addictive, but the gameplay itself keeps everything interesting and well balanced. We primarily play in multiplayer against each other however I have branched off into the campaign and so far I have enjoyed what the game has to offer. Although there is lots to learn, watching a few youtube videos explaining the best upgrades and building habits can either make or break the game for you. On the one hand it reduces the 'challenge' of the game, on the other it provides you with the knowledge to exceed in multiplayer in competitive games. I did buy the game whilst on sale, however would happily pay full price.If you enjoy city builders and strategy games such as Sim City, Civilization and Age of Empires then this could be for you.ONE ISSUE - The voice overs are funny, until the 100th time you have heard the same dialogue. Especially from Lulu the radio presenter."
76561198007062734,Recommended,245620,29964652,Posted: 16 February,all,Kemicaze,It's ok I guess
76561198353201520,Recommended,245620,29966165,Posted: 16 February,all,geofreepaath,"I don't know where to start with this.., but if you like Sim City Societies, and build your crazy totalitarian city, well, it's not like that at all..., This game is the wholeshebangs, you could kill any people, arrest them, banish them, or discredit them.., more importantly, i feel bad i missed the last franchise of this game, i hope i play the tropico from the begining.., all in all, i love this game very very much, i hope they release another dlc like espionage and waterborne..."
76561197998941984,Not Recommended,245620,29949441,Posted: 15 February,all,Toby Lerone,"Played all of the Tropico series, one simple piece of advice.Buy Tropico 4, this stinks."
,Recommended,245620,29945122,Posted: 15 February,all,SennoZ,i am not actually italian
76561198110950754,Recommended,245620,29878352,Posted: 12 February,all,ChrisPbacon,over all a pretty good game i just dont injoy it as much as i did tropic 3
76561198219136995,Recommended,245620,28198977,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,General Krell,"This game has a few major bugs but with enough knowledge you can overcome them and enjoy a realistic and in-depth simulation. Get the game and all DLC for $20 or cheaper for best deal. DLC is worth it.Pros:- THE GRAPHICS ARE REAL (Assuming you run on a high performance computer of course)- Buildings finally look modern and can be modernized compared to the crappy look in Tropico 4- More edicts, buildings, options compared to Tropico 4- The farms and Army Bases (Tanks) are AWESOME. Definately an upgrade from 4.Cons:- Cannot control immigration or rebels. They just keep coming. Rebels attack are annoying but can be supressed.- Roads need some more work. (Bridges, 4-lane roads, etc)"
76561198085727411,Recommended,245620,28188992,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,MorbidHarpie,Goood game but it felt like something is missing from it. hmmmm what is it hmmmmm......nope no idea but I know its something
,Recommended,245620,28194734,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DarkTimes,"Well, I enjoyed the single session I got out of it before the sound stopped working.EDIT: Scratch that, participating in the Steam client beta program broke the damn game (and only this one in particular, weirdly)."
,Recommended,245620,28012852,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nest,"Great game, I was a fan of tropico 3 and this just has so much more depth.  Politics system is really interesting.I do miss the selling of drugs, but they wanted to keep it T, I think"
76561198020270400,Recommended,245620,28212135,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Caius,"A big fan of Tropico's franchaising since the first one, and a satire myself, I am telling you how fun this game could be. Be  Fascist, Be a Communist! it all possible in this game, and all done this with an exquisite satire and dumbstraight ridiculous humor.  Ok, my favourite is still the 3rd one but this is something I always wanted to see: the evolution from a small pirate heaven into a world mocking Banana republic! Saying that it has it's flaws and less micromenagment as it used to be, but it's still worth it because its undeniable sense of humor and charisma...it's all about fooling people El Presidente! but make sure you have a corrupted army to defend your♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is one of the best political strategy out there, if not the best."
,Not Recommended,245620,30206728,Posted: 26 February,all,freecookies,"I find this version of Tropico to be a bit too complicated in the mechanics for my tastes, and complicated in ways that aren't really all that fun. I don't want to spend 5 minutes playing dress doll to an avatar that I'm not really going to be looking at all that often. It's just one of many meaningless hoops they make you jump through.And the UI, although Tropico 4's UI was also a bit annoying, T5's UI has somehow become even worse. The edge scrolling is very twitchy and the mouse pointer DOES NOT LOCK TO SCREEN. Arrgh.You put the two together and it makes for a decidedly unsatisfying experience. I think I'll go back to playing T4 and that's what I recommend you do too, if you're new to the Tropico series. It costs less and it's more fun to play."
76561198070629770,Recommended,245620,30267622,Posted: 1 March,all,Gearboxx,"This is a city builder with personality.  There are funny characters that guide you through the story line and gameplay.  Every citizen appears on the map, and has their own individual preferences.  The campaign is interesting, and the sandbox mode is replayable.  Multiplayer is stable and also fun."
76561198092287043,Recommended,245620,30271559,Posted: 1 March,all,G-String,It made me feel like Fidel but like a less crazy version of Fidel
76561198256778104,Recommended,245620,25654439,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,leonardo18271827,"please, just buy this game.  just buy it. dont think about it. i spent 75 hours playing the game, failed my tests, but still dont regret playing the game."
76561198069694776,Recommended,245620,26603379,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,vjusticeheath,This is a great city builder game. I love all the updates and addons that keep the game fresh and fun. Speaking of fun there is a lot of humor built into the game adding to the overall enjoyment of play time.
76561198139371243,Recommended,245620,31164837,Posted: 15 April,all,waynemckay85,One of the better City builders out there!
76561198029793967,Not Recommended,245620,30339998,Posted: 5 March,all,Jaspin2197,"This has got to be the worst game I have had the misfortune of purchasing.The game engine leaves me completely baffled as to how my economy can swing from turning over tens of thousands of pounds to turning over nothing. Small, tiny, factors have monumental consequences thus destroying any hopes you have of building a stable island. Your military is hapless and uncontrollable; to the extent when a rebel army attacks your army will run in the opposite direction, or even straight past the rebels whilst being gunned down. The game is just an animated series of flaws leaving the player at a loss to how they have either won or lost. There is zero strategy involved. You are just at the mercy of an uncomprehendabley poor mechanics.I cannot see how anyone who designed this game still has a job in the gaming industry. It is frankling appauling. I cannot recommend buying it."
,Recommended,245620,31506110,Posted: 2 May,all,Halobrute,"A delightful  game, i enjoy it"
76561198236355246,Recommended,245620,31403094,Posted: 27 April,all,2_80's,Needs More Vodka
76561198038302560,Recommended,245620,31580843,Posted: 6 May,all,ShufflingMonkey,"very hard to get away from this game! lolits just like your everyday building simulation/strategy game.not a very violent game but does has it moments with riots etc. so if your looking for a game like red alert etc, dont bother.. its more like sim city, skylines etc!"
76561198137753730,Recommended,245620,13683498,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Professor,"After playing the game for a few hours the game is enjoyable but only once you make it to the modern age of the game. But to be honest I do prefer to play to different games that do the games job much better (City Skylines and Civ 5 or 6, you're choice). But if you do want it then buy it on sale or buy 4. I would rate this a neutral rating if I could."
,Recommended,245620,31832861,Posted: 18 May,all,Neo,"""HOW TO BE A DICTATOR"" SIMULATOR"
,Recommended,245620,31761036,Posted: 14 May,all,Sighless,Do you like games where no matter what you do something goes wrong ?
,Recommended,245620,31152530,Posted: 15 April,all,TrigleQ,Sources is not enough.
76561198255244115,Recommended,245620,31962634,Posted: 25 May,all,piggybackbandit,have theocracy82% approval rateingissue gay marrage edict for ♥♥♥♥♥ and gigglesimmediate rebellion lose game10/10
,Recommended,245620,31916091,Posted: 23 May,all,mfk600,Fantastic game! One of my favorite city builders.
76561198147306860,Recommended,245620,24606979,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MrDinkyCat,"Summary: 10/10 -Would become Fidel Castro again.Review:Good: The game is an amazing game for people who like games such as Sim-City, and Civilazation V.  The game has a unique sense of humor to it, which gives it the final touch it needs to be perfect.Bad:  Not a lot to put here expect for two things.1. DLCs can be a bit pricey, expecially sense there are so many of them, but I honestly believe they are worth it.2. If you are English/American don't expect to be able to play online.  The online lobbys are filled with German, Spainish, and Brazilian people."
,Recommended,245620,31969122,Posted: 26 May,all,Vinrael,Hooray! more communism.
,Recommended,245620,19373115,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,pixle,it was a good game and it was really fun i only started playing with tropico 5 every on seems to hate this game(or think its♥♥♥♥♥♥vs tropico 4 ) but it is a fun game eassy to learn i would like at tropico 3 and 4 befor buying this to see with one would suit u best but this is a nice game and really fun
76561198335096836,Recommended,245620,31645667,Posted: 9 May,all,rsilver2727,addictive♥♥♥♥♥
76561198091977879,Recommended,245620,31566354,Posted: 5 May,all,X)POST-DAMEN-BRITTE(X,"This is a fun and time consuming game, that will test your leadership. it is fun just to build a city just as you like in sandbox mode, but the campaign mode is also a good time consuming thing to do. really for the money i don´t think thatfor the full price you get a good game, so wait until it sits at a lower price before you buy."
76561198051792254,Recommended,245620,31754725,Posted: 14 May,all,hristo_yordanov,good game
,Recommended,245620,29821977,Posted: 10 February,all,khalidvawda,Tropico is the most fun 4X game out there. 8/10
,Recommended,245620,31783662,Posted: 16 May,all,xvoLty,"Great game! Tons of options, good political/economical based game!"
,Recommended,245620,32064088,Posted: 30 May,all,FML| 天空龙,Nice
76561198068303086,Recommended,245620,32213537,Posted: 5 June,all,lenin,"fun, but the dlc was mostly crap"
,Recommended,245620,32231439,Posted: 6 June,all,Horny Hippo,"Good Game, liked it all around.10/10"
76561198006997748,Recommended,245620,33792165,Posted: 25 July,all,Valahian_Kuzuri,"There is a lot that I like about Tropico 5, and it will probably hold my interest far longer than Tropico 4 did. But at the same time, it's rough edges are a continual annoyance. The larger issue is that while Tropico 5 definitely introduces some new challenges and ideas, it's still a dangerously simple city-builder. That's always a threat with this genre: a well-run city doesn't really require much from you. But Tropico doesn't give me enough reasons to keep playing once I've finished the tech tree and reached the end."
,Recommended,245620,33778123,Posted: 24 July,all,Aliulo,"Welcome to the ultimate tourist get-away, don't mind the gunfights in the street or the secret agent following you around or the massive homelessness or the rampant pollution or the llama plantation."
,Recommended,245620,25691597,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,WalrusQuake,"Penultimo makes me want to shoot myself.It's really hard for a game to get me that emotionally affected by the story, 10/10"
76561198009297919,Recommended,245620,34026719,Posted: 4 August,all,thebeerguy01,"Fun Game, hate the DLC model, but love the base game."
,Not Recommended,245620,10566329,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a simulation city builder game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is a sound volume slidebar available.There is a voice volume slidebar available.There is a music volume slidebar available.You can toggle the subtitles.You can play with a controller.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.There are some resolution sizes available.You can play fullscreen or windowed mode.There is color blind mode.There is an ingame tutorial.There is a campaign and sandbox game mode.Random map generator.Character creation and customization.You can fill your own threats and buffs.About the game.You are the ""big boss"" from an island and you will have to listen to the needs of your citizen in order to have a good success. If you click on one of your citizen you will see their ""stat"" log where their health, interest, jobs and etc are all explained there. You will have to build buildings that provides food, choose elections, make units, trading, being a good leader or a criminal leader, advance through era's and many more. Citizens and other people in your city is able to become a rebel.Alot of glitches/Crashes.Multiplayer is pretty buggy.Good music.Teamsters sometimes get stuck.Better ingame interface.Good graphics.Level up system.Slow progress.Other things.None.-------------------I Give this game a 3/10"
,Recommended,245620,34590537,Posted: 29 August,all,jackassdnb,"Fantastic addition to the series. This game adds depth and a progress system, even though at base it's very similar to Tropico 4. Recommended."
76561198345068227,Recommended,245620,34557989,Posted: 28 August,all,markmickens13,i play it all the time love the game i wish there were more buildings
,Not Recommended,245620,34554588,Posted: 28 August,all,RichManSCTV0™,Honestly this game is not as good as tropico 4. The tutorial is unplayable (it actually is broken) and the game feels very forced and even sandbox mode is not a snadbox. I hope they fix the issues with this game in the next one. It is a shame what happened to the game.
,Recommended,245620,34529522,Posted: 27 August,all,RbAzSeTrA,Viva la tropico viva el presidente
76561198217203932,Recommended,245620,34581871,Posted: 29 August,all,N1ck.S YT,Awesome game I freaking love it more than csgo
76561198007549038,Recommended,245620,34596305,Posted: 29 August,all,DartMada,"Tropico 5. Good game but it has a few problems. Some of the mechanics don't seem to work sometimes such as:-You can have plenty of food sources and have them evenly distributed around your population and have a distribution network (grocery stores) but citizens often still die of starvation.-Even if you have built tenements and apartments, people won't move into them even if they can afford it. This makes the Hosuing Happiness to become stuck at loe even though it should increase-The Teamsters system could use some tweking; often times they just don't seem to do their jobs transporting goods around the island-The overlay system isn't always accurate or it seems to change; sometimes after placing a building down in a green space, the space will suddenly change to a lesser green or yellow reducing the buildings effectivenessNote that these problems only seem to happen sometimes with a certain game mechanic just seeming to stop working but it happens often enough for me to notice it.Aside from that, there are a couple other things that could use some improvement:-Fishing is an unreliable source of food as the fish populations get depleted very quickly even with only one Fishing Wharf. This is also with Fishing Wharf upgrades that replenish fish populations-If you place Oyster Farms out on Fishing Deposits, they suddenly become useless for gathering food through Fishing Wharfs-Soldiers often ignore the most immediate threat/threat closest to them and go after another one far away-It could use an actual day/night cycleHaving said all of that, this is still a very good game that is a lot of fun and a good time. I would definitely recommend it. It just seems like it is overdue for a new patch or update from the people who made it to fix some balance issues, bugs and improve basic mechanics."
76561198093114628,Recommended,245620,26744564,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,blubboti,A very good game for all of us who secretly dreams of becoming dictators.
,Recommended,245620,34357340,Posted: 19 August,all,Cizer Kozay,"The ages you have to switch through can be a bit weird, but once you understand how to get into the World War age, you won't have much problem from then on. Enjoyable iteration of the Tropico series, nice changes, good campaign to learn with, and nice sandbox modes to continuous play."
76561198057162521,Recommended,245620,34328492,Posted: 18 August,all,MarsFury,"I've played Tropico since Tropico 3 was released. It's a very cool game, although I have seen some degradations over time. An example would be tourism, whereas in the past one could buy a tourism-only dock (specialised), now it uses the same dock as trade. This makes tourism completely random and may hinder trade.Totally recommend this game, and even Tropico 6 when it comes out - it'll be even greater."
76561198006708450,Recommended,245620,34336179,Posted: 18 August,all,Ragehaven,Excellent game and horribly addictive with its own uniquecharm. Cant rate highly enough my only slight bugbear with it is the camera controls witch are jerky and all hell. But like i said a great game A++
76561198177960351,Recommended,245620,34755366,Posted: 5 September,all,paigekrista,"Really good game to take your time with and feel really involed with it, very much enjoyed!"
,Recommended,245620,34668249,Posted: 1 September,all,Blob,Good game!I also own all the DLC!7/10
,Recommended,245620,34737588,Posted: 4 September,all,Brother Yohanan,"This is by far the best Tropico game and multiplayer component is amazing.Missions are great and easy to follow.Graphics are sweet, music in the background is even better and the game is loaded with clever humour.Just another great game in the series and well worth your money!"
,Recommended,245620,34738058,Posted: 4 September,all,Bizzle,Always loved tropico! every title has been enjoyable and great fun! love the radio stations and the sound tracks lolwould definatly recommend tropico 5 as its a very good game and very updated from the previous! look forward to the new tropico! :D
76561198006803772,Recommended,245620,34784355,Posted: 6 September,all,Pooptickler_Jr,"Decent, but the current formula is getting tired.More than fun if you like the series, but the cracks are starting to show."
,Recommended,245620,29732383,Posted: 5 February,all,Captain Ninja'Mofo,Good stuff THE RATING IS OVER 9000
76561197988274652,Not Recommended,245620,35125695,Posted: 22 September,all,Avenger25,Very VERY poor tutorial for a rather complex game like this.A few rioters with molotov cocktails easily destroy a number of tanks....WTF
76561198083389305,Recommended,245620,35128340,Posted: 22 September,all,Rosiewalrus,"Absolutely love this game.Perhaps enjoyed Tropico 4 more but this one has some nice extras, I am excited for Tropico 6!If you like Sim City but want interesting levels and dialogue, get this game"
76561198019081540,Not Recommended,245620,35344410,Posted: 30 September,all,Krs821,"I bought this game when it first came out. It had some bugs and was a bit boring so I put it away after about 3 hours. I came back with a recent Steam Sale on the DLC and thought I'd give it another try. I still cant get this game to run in true full screen since all of the ""hacks"" to fix this problem arent working on my machine. Suprised this is still and issue on a game that's been out for a couple years. Sorry Kalypso but this will be the last time I give this title a shot."
,Recommended,245620,15891232,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Steve,Venezuela 2017 Simulator
76561198067320531,Recommended,245620,35175411,Posted: 24 September,all,yonchi105,"A very nice sequell to Tropico 5. Once you get used to the changes, it's really cool and enjoyable.9/10 will Presidente again."
76561198087922185,Recommended,245620,35408654,Posted: 2 October,all,hunter_reed,"Great Game, very addicting, and love the sense of humor in the game."
76561198259208594,Not Recommended,245620,35370521,Posted: 1 October,all,insanely_sane,"This game has so much promise, but falls short on many levels it borders on the rediculous. Instead of repeating what others have said about glitches (and there are a fair few) I'll give my situation:I just wanted to play through the base game before doing any of the add ons I got as a bundle; I finished the first bit and declared independence, and it shoved me onto a (different) blank island that was once more under control of the crown.. ie equivelant of starting all over again. I reloaded a savegame, declared independence again, my roads went to bitumen (as they should) cars started appearing (as they should) and half way through the women giving some spiel I was booted out to the new island once more.I exited the game and removed the check boxes for the DLC's in the steam client - the damn thing started UPLOADING something or other for ages.. exactly what I'm not sure but it went on for a good ten minutes before I could even start the game again.. after finally reloading it and trying to load my last save game I was presented with ""this save requires additional DLC's you don't have"" or words to that effect!! I didn't want to use the damn DLC's to begin with and specifically chose to do the standard tropico playthrough from the onset.So far it seems like a waste of money even when it is on special. I'm now going to try skylines which has bad reviews itself because of DLC issues and we'll see.."
,Recommended,245620,35459471,Posted: 3 October,all,Fart_Gas,"Awesome game - very fun to play.However, it is quite limited compared to other games and not too realistic. Despite that, the comedy in the game more than offsets those flaws."
,Not Recommended,245620,35499611,Posted: 5 October,all,Mrwhoopurass,NO BUENO!
,Not Recommended,245620,35454830,Posted: 3 October,all,SkipperSFMcDs,"For some reason if I export above 20k worth of Tropico goods (before buying the DLC) it wouldn't give me the money.Now? I only get the money if the export is under 5k. I have no idea why this is happening, I've tried everything but nothing works, and of course this just spirals from doing alright in the colonial era to constantly under attack by rebels and protesters and being unable to build anything cause of 90k debt. I've tried looking up what's going on and I've got nothing so I suggest this.Don't. Just don't. Don't get the DLC, don't get the game, just plain don't do it."
,Recommended,245620,35471307,Posted: 4 October,all,✪|Minion Dima|✪ |pvpro.com,Best strategy
,Recommended,245620,35504274,Posted: 5 October,all,Gramm,"7/10 points for my dicatorship simulator. ON SALE ONLYpro- you rule an islandcon- the island is not very coolpro- the island is tropical ofc it is not cool?! it is hotcon- everything looks very similar (buildings and environment)pro- the few buildings look goodcon- no military strat just random fightingpro- I do not need to care about this and just build soldiers and tankscon- eco simulation is extremly bad compared to other gamespro- it is good for the feeling, you feel like an incompetent dictatorcon- it is not very hard nor difficultpro- easy game easy gocon- u will spend your time in this game and have fun, but will not feel satisfiedpro- if you get it on a sale you can but it!!!con (maybe)- they alrdy ruined a great game idea with this casual 4/10 points game. Just the idea and the feeling are great for a short time.In the end... Did you enjoy The hobbit movies? Then buy this game. If you think The hobbit was a terrible piece of work and should never ever been produced, do not buy this game. If you like quality this is the wrong game, but it is o.k. for some popcorn.El Presidente (with unfounded hopes for tropico 6)"
