user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198068985323,Not Recommended,245760,13988853,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Rage Kaje,"ATTENTION ALL GAMERS WHO ARE CONSIDERING GETTING THIS GAME: STAY THE HELL AWAY.This game is pure garbage. During the first half of the game you play back when the transformers were still on Cybertron. Now this sound good to you, it sounded ammazing to me, but the developers were too lazy to even try to bring the charm from the previous games.  Character models are ripped straight from the previous games with absolutely no texture upgrades or improvements. Oh, but they couldn't be bothered with bringing in all of the sound files, because nearly every single character is missing one of their transforming sound effects. Pre-rendered HD cutscenes have been replaced by laggy, buggy, boring cutscenes that use in-game graphics and end up looking like garbage. Instead of buying weapons and their upgrades, you earn chests at the end of levels that randomly give you character trophies, perks, gear, and weapons. This is a failed attempt to innovate the game because 90% of the time you are getting♥♥♥♥♥♥you've already gotten, which it then converts to a crappy perk or something.The second half of the game takes place on Earth in Michael Bay's Transformers universe. If this doesn't already activate red flags just take a seat, sonny. Now, I will give it credit; the graphics on Earth are beautiful. Bright vivid colors, smooth textures, and good looking character models are just a painfull reminder of how good the first half of the game could have looked. My biggest complaint is  absolutely pathetic character roster. You can play as Optimus, Bumblebee, Drift, and Grimlock. That's ♥♥♥♥ing it. Oh, you liked playing as Grimlock in the last game? Good! His controls, transformation animation, attacks, sounds are exactly the same as they were in Fall of Cybertron, just with a new half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥skin slapped on it. Oh, the final boss is a joke, so don't get your hopes up.Even after you finish the god awful campain mode, they ♥♥♥♥ up the multiplayer, which was the part I was looking forward to the most. Instead of modes like team deathmatch, capture the flag, head hunter, etc, with a decent character creator, you get a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥escalation mode that forces you to play as characters from the game. It's not fun at all because nobody else plays, so good luck finding a match.This game is a disgrace. It pisses on the good name the last two Transformers games had built, robs you of SIXTY ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS, and wastes time you could have been spending on a better game. ActiVision should be ashamed of themselves. A SHAMEFULL DISPLAY!!"
,Not Recommended,245760,10766647,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sire,"If you're played the other two Cybertron titles you'll know that they had no right being as good as they were; the first was a solid third person shooter with an enjoyable story, co-op and a good multiplayer. The second game improved everything about the first game, removed the co-op for a better campaign mode and had a really good multiplayer mode. Where's this game fall into place? Bottom of the barrel.I've only played one mission (about 20 minutes in) and part of the second and this game is a massive disappointment. The first mission has you as Drift, a new autobot from the forth film who's a Samurai that blurts crap about ""honor"" but has a deep voice that makes him sound Native American. Right. Oh, and you're also on Earth and things are going down all over the place. You're just dropped into some conflict without any explanation and Lockdown (the seemingly villian) is already established as the enemy. I take it you'll have to see the movie first for this to make any sense. The gameplay is the same from the first two titles, you mow down enemies, transform into vehicles and use special abilities. This game each character has a unique ability, in the case of Drift you get a one-hit-KO attack where he dashed to any nearby enemies and kills them. It looks really really bad. Speaking about looking bad the environment looks awful, you get a drab looking city without any details that looks like it's from a game made 10 years ago, painted brown (of course) and the characters really just don't fit in. Character models look great by the way. Except their vehicle modes, not because of a lack of detail but because I don't think they licensed any vehicles. So instead of turning into a Bugatti Veyron like in the film you turn into a generic sports car that somewhat resembles a Veyron, like how Rockstar does for the GTA games so they don't have to pony up the money. I didn't get a chance to play as the other characters in the intro and Bumblebee and Optimus didn't Transform so I can't say if all vehicles are imitations of what they're supposed to be.The second mission I was playing as Shockwave and Soundwave on Cybertron and it looks just like the old games which is really nice, Cybertron has lots of detail and the characters really fit in. They also retain the aesthetic the first two games established and the same voice actors reprise their roles. All is well on Cybertron. But I'm not sure why I'm there? If you remember the end of the last game all of the characters battle on the Ark and get lost in the depths of space in a cliffhanger and presumingly to arrive on Earth but nothing is explained here. The first mission I was already on Earth and the second mission I'm on Cybertron? Again? After we already left? I'm going to assume the rest of the story explains it and that the game is taking place during the other two and after the other two games. At the same time. Or something.Last but not least, and the greatest offender and the whole reason why I can't recommend this game:There's NO multiplayer.Well, there is, but in only in the co-op ""Escalation"" mode that was in the previous two games. You fight waves of enemies with friends on different maps and nothing more. This mode was never populated in either of the previous titles because the team deathmatch was just so good. I've dumped more hours in Fall of Cybertron's multiplayer than I have in most of my Steam titles. It was that good and if you've played it you know that I'm right. I was hoping this game would improve upon it, give us more characters to use in multiplayer and repopulate the playerbase which at this point is lacking in Fall of Cybertron. It's ironic that the team that made this game, Edge of Reality, made their mark with the multiplayer only ""Loadout"" and then completely scrapped the best mode in the Transformers series in favor of a bad campaign and lazy horde mode.Don't buy this game and instead buy the first two and enjoy the hell out of them and join me and the many Russians that still play Fall of Cybertron's multiplayer. I hope that if his series is to continue, it's under the hand of High Moon Studios. I will amend my review if I feel the game gets any better as you play further into the campaign.Update: 3 hours into the game I'm on Chapter 8 out of 14, there's probably 2 hours left into it. The game has stayed mediocre throughout, but thankfully most of it takes place on Cybertron. I actually haven't gone back to Earth, though I'm guessing the end chapters take you back. So far everything has been a rehash of the same art assets from the previous two titles but don't live up to either games' level design. You even get to play as Bruticus again and it's completely boring; you're in a small area and you spend 10 minutes fighting three different types of enemy and nothing changes. There's a lot of areas where you have to fight wave after wave of enemies and can't progress until you kill enough enemies.The dialogue is fantastic though, and you get to play as a lot more characters in this one which is a really nice touch, but the rest of the game doesn't hold up. If you're a big Transformers fan and you have to play it, wait until it's $15."
,Not Recommended,245760,10781643,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MaXed (Jinxtart),"I really, really love the Cybertron franchise but as a loving parent and devoted fan I have to slap this one silly.So where do I begin ?I did not like it and I don't recommend the game. It's sad to see something that I really like assembled in sush a lazy way with no love or care put in to it. The way the game is played is EXACTLY like its predecessor Fall of Cybertron, with little to no effort to optimize. It's littered with re'used animations, props and models from both Fall and War slapped together in a lazy and awkward manner. There are also lots of inexcusable texture fails as well as some really awkward animations in the cutscenes. As an artist this really got on my nerves. The level design was also random and awkward with random prop everywhere or the lack of any with a single console in the middle of an empty room.[Edit: What I mean is that many times the game feels really flat with empty rooms and flat textures. Other times I see pieces of the world placed strangely serving no purpose, it's just there.]Playing this game made me feel like it was Colonial Marines all over again.The audio was inconsistent and the com link had this strange and really annoying sound, was driving me nuts ! It got bugs and glitches everywhere, the companion A.I. is really bad too. It really feels like an unfinished product.Lastly the Story feels like a really bad fan fiction ... There are 2 story lines, Bayformers and Cybertron. The first 2 or so chapters begin with Drift in Bays universe discovering the EVIL plot device ‘The Dark Spark’. The rest after that is pretty much just explaining how ""the EVIL plot device"" got there in the first place through the Cybertron universe. And then there's another 2 er 3 or so chapters in the end again with Bayformers with MIGHTY GRIMLOCK !!!! Slapped in there at the last moment as a ‘glorious finish’.Honestly it's all a real mess and the Bayformers part feels really off from the rest of the game.But ... I did really like the dialogs. The interactions between the characters were as awesome and wonderful as always. It had an interesting level and upgrading system. I will say that the game works smoothly in combat, the vehicle forms are still a little clunky. But I say that cuz’ it's more or less exactly the same as Fall of Cybertron.Does this make up for all terribleness in this game, no. Do I recommend this game, no.However as I wrote, I did like the characters, they’re awesome. Shockwave, is. Weird ...So it is worth a look at ... But please for the love of everything that is Transformers !!Do NOT, pay full price for this game !!!Or maybe, watch a game play of it first ?Just to make sure you really wanna spend money on it.---Edit: Thoughts on Escalation.I don't like escalation that much I'm more in to tdm multiplayer; sadly Dark Spark did not have one. However Cuz' it's so identical to Fall I can see why they did not have one. But anyway; the escalation is definitely one of the games strong points but the maps do suffer from the things I've mentioned previously. And the bad A.I. doesn’t help. This version of escalation does provide a lot more freedom in both characters and gear, you can mix and match as much as you want, (This also leads to some characters gettin' a tad ooc ""out of character"" e.g Grimlock with stealth and sniper). However I felt it lacked a sense of progression and the dispensers were placed a little odd, or I dono, it was a lill' off to me.But in the end, I can see the charm in it. Personally I got bored with it rather quickly. Felt more or less like a DLC to Fall.Edit, edit:Ya know what ?Sooo Mungry says it all: (Escalation)http://youtu.be/_DlzwV5vd_4---Rating: 4 / 10 ""Steves"" Had its moments ...+ Dialaugs and characters+ Escalation mode- Everything else !!"
,Not Recommended,245760,19586179,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,ShXIII,"Just finished this around 6 hours game time. I read about how bad it was since High Moon didn’t develop it and this game goes to show you how much High Moon loves this franchise because this game definitely lacked the heart of War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron. I am a huge HUGE fan of both of those games and they are the only reason I wanted to try Rise of the Dark Spark. Can’t customize the controls, no FOV slider or fix just like the previous games but at least you can fix the controls with 3rd party software and the first two games had fixes available for the bad FOV however in this game you can’t adjust the FOV at all and I could only play this is short bursts because of massive headaches. This game had a couple of good moments with Jetfire and BumbleBee but that’s pretty much it. The sound needed serious work as it kept cutting to low volume to high volume, missing transforming sounds, enemies repeating annoying lines etc. The first two games had such booming sound effects that you must play them with the volume cranked. My goodness High Moon needs to be saved from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CoD franchise and put back on other games.I only recommend this game if you are a huge fan of WFC or FOC and even then this one is barely passable.I don’t have Dark of the Moon, is that one any good?FREE HIGH MOON"
,Not Recommended,245760,32842128,Posted: 26 June,all,RockPasta,"This is not the end of the trilogy you were looking for.This game takes what the Cybertron series has built as a game series and completely throws it in the trash. Gone are the beautiful fluid controls, great looking environments, etc.Literally everything about this game is worse than War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron.Having played through the entire campaign on Normal, I can confirm that there is literally no way anybody developing this game EVER made a single successful playthrough. Unpolished, seemingly unfinished, and markedly.. ugly is a good trio of adjectives for this game.Literally has no graphics options aside from resolution either. Hope you like forcing AA and Texture filtering on ur graphics card, but it won't save you from how♥♥♥♥♥this looks.Worst offender for me: flight is somehow worse. Driving is also worse. They literally took a functioning system and made it WORSE."
76561198089297184,Not Recommended,245760,12389695,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Teh Sith Lord,"I'm a huge fan of Transformers and this game was just a great failure! Really!?! After those great games WfC and Foc(War for Cybertron, Fall of Cybertron) we get this. The campaing sucks and WE HAVE NO MULTIPLAYER! Only escalation(it's the only good thing in the game). No new weapons, just 5 new characters who are from Bayformers... and if I remember right 8 maps to escalation mode where players fight together agains 15 waves of enemies. Thats it. SPOILER WARNING!!! The campaing start in cyberton and the transformers are looking for the mysterious dark spark. After many of boring levels(the leveld don't even fit to FoC storyline) we get to earth AND THE BAYFORMERS UNIVERSE! After great story in the other games before this stupid game, the makers of the game decide to kill everyone! Well Optimus, Bumblebee and Drift are alive... but everyone else is DEAD. No Unicron, no continuing the old story, just combaining Bay's movies and the old good games. The story really SUCKS. There is still some new things: You can level up your character in campaing and escalation(it doesn't effect the game anyway) to level 25, and then you can activate ""Prime mode"". It means that you have level your character again to level 25 and unlock all characters and weapons again. What is the point in it? And from like achievements and completing waves in escalation you get gearboxes. When you open those boxes you get new weapons, characters, abilities, and upgrades. First its fun, but after a while it will be very boring! You get like 100 gearboxes in 2 minutes! Well not really that much, but I think you get it. The graphics are the same they were in FoC, and controls too. Buy this only If you are a big fan of Transformers. I'm so disappointed to this game... maybe next time we get a better one? :) This was my first review in Steam, I hope it helped you. I give this game 3/10. Sorry Edge of Reality, High Moon Studios just makes better Transformers games.UPDATE!!! I was wrong about the story(I went to wiki to check it). The Dark Spark just appeared in the movie universe. But, the story is still very bad. :("
,Not Recommended,245760,15985519,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Artifix [bricksquad 1017],The biggest insult of a game since Alien: Colonial Marines.
,Not Recommended,245760,10780116,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Uberskullface,"A weak storyline, trying (and failing) to combine the War/Fall of Cybertron and the movie universe, making it more confusing than it should be. Added to the lack of PvP multiplayer, It's  lack luster."
76561198081977829,Not Recommended,245760,16624659,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,[F.O.S.S.] WillDaBeast,"I really had high hopes for this game, being a direct sequel to Fall of Cybertron, and by extension War for Cybertron, both outstanding games.  This game however is a big disappointment.  Remember how in the previous games you could customize your Escalation character?  That's reduced to a fraction of it's former glory.  Remember the charming and amazing nature of the previous games?  Also nonexistant here.  And the worst part?  Complete elimination of online competitive multiplayer.  Seems like a rather major factor to miss, to me."
,Not Recommended,245760,12732938,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Akka,"My least favorite part of TF2 is dealing with enemy snipers from halfway across the map while running around as the slow heavy weapons guy.In this game the snipers are very small, hard to see, FLYING, aimbot-accurate, high dps, hitscan monsters that kill you in waves before you can even see them. Your character can't aim straight up so enjoy being griefed by these hovering jerkoffs you can't aim at.Allied AI enjoy falling on their backs without killing any enemies then expect me to pick them, rendering myself prone to being instantly killed.There seems to be no connection to this game and its prequel, no explanation of how we got where we are from where either of the last two games ended. I guess they were in a hurry to connect these games to the Michael Bay movies and cash in on the movie tie in.There's a poorly executed weapon upgrade system that's only good for eating my time away and shattering my immersion.Dialouge and characterization is solid, hilarious, and memorable.There were so many impressive moments in Fall of Cybertron, it's sad to see this game sink so hard.Addendum:I powered through the game since my review. The difficulty spike seems to have been specific to that one early level as I never died once after that point. However, the game is still the weakest of the three with far fewer memorable, powerful, moving moments.The weapon upgrade system and uncrating system ate up a frustrating amount of my time, whoever greenlit the idea of having me sit down and wait on my thumb for thirty chests to open in a row needs to be slapped in the face.I hear the studio responsible for these trio of games actually shut down, no doubt in response to this game's lackluster performance. To be honest though the first two magnificent games don't get nearly enough attention for how enormously they exceeded my expectations. Even fall of cyberton by itself is worth playing, just ignore that this exists eight hour long game exists since it does virtually nothing you don't get in the superior prequel."
,Not Recommended,245760,10924432,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,OmegaSylux,"When I heard about this game, I was excited about it. But after playing this...I somewhat felt like the game isn't worth its price tag. Note that I will be comparing this game with War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron.*Spoilers are here*Plot:The game's plot iss underplayed. For a game that focuses on the Dark Spark, the Dark Spark nor its holders did anything. Lockdown did use the Dark Spark to simply time freeze the Autobots but never capitalize on that. Megatron only used the Dark Spark to create what I will call Terrorcon based from Transformers Prime. Other than that, Megatron never use the Dark Spark to his advantage. In contrast, War for Cybertron focus on Dark Energon. As such, Megatron utilizes Dark Energon to corrupt Cybertron tippng the balance. Thus, I feel as though the entire Rise of the Dark Spark's plot is just another Autobots vs Decepticons fight with nothing that can tip the balance.Gameplay:This game is similar to Fall of Cybertron in terms of control. Progression is different. Instead of gathering energon shards from killed enemies, you now have leveling system. Leveling doesn't boost your character in the campaign. It only serves as a means to reaching Prime mode. Campaign and Escalation are linked with each other. So, if you level up in the campaign, your level in Escalation will be the same as well as the amount of EXP you have. Unlocking and upgrading weapons depend on gear boxes that you get from challenges and leveling up. While this sounds good, it's not. Every time you open the box, you have a chance to earn random items from weapon unlocks, upgrades, TECH item, HACK, and so on. With that said, it can get frustrating to go through many boxes and not get a weapon upgrade to get the last upgrade.In terms of the game overall difficulty (assuming you play it on normal), the game tends to spike in difficulty. For example, in a mission where Starscream, Shockwave, and Soundwave are searching for the Dark Spark, they come across a group of Guardians. Okay, nothing too difficult...right? No, there are small drones identical to CLUTCH that can destroy in less than a second. Why? Because they hit very hard. Two or three shots can rip your shields and possibly kill you off. Again, these things are tiny and hard to see. Thus, you have to slowly progress through the level while keeping an eye in the air for one of those nasty thing.For online gameplay, you are left with only Escalation...yes, no online competatitve multiplayer. While I'm not a big PVP kind of person, having no online competative multiplayer make this game not even worth the $50. While Escalation is fun, but I have seen people just simply spawn camped the enemies make the game even less of fun time.Graphic/Presentation:This game is similar to Fall of Cybertron but a bit lesser. The Earth mission areas are somewhat barren especially in the city. The only minor redeeming factor is the looks of mission areas in Cybertron...but it's something that I've already seen.The game does have its own soundtrack, but the majority of the music you will hear is from Fall of Cybertron. This is true when you are playing on Cybertron.Summary:Overall, I would not recommend to buy this game until the price is down. Even then, you probably won't get your money's worth if you have played the previous game. If you want to get into the Transformers series, this is not the game you want to play."
76561197973309378,Not Recommended,245760,15633764,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Lothar Hex,"Everytime I play this game, I end up going back to either War for Cybertron or Fall of Cybertron. This is after coming to the realisation that it is a lazy hack job made by a company who can'y even be bothered to design a frigging door, and just nick them from those other two games made by a much more talented devloper. I try and just play the Cybertron inspired bits...then reduce that to the first few levels so I get to play as Shockwave...and then I just uninstalled it completely. Play the other two and forget this one exists."
,Not Recommended,245760,16960430,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DoctorDarnell,"This game is not that great. The story itself  has many holes and many different plots happening. Making the story hard to follow.They also completely took away the concept of multiplayer, which is bad. That is what made WFC and FOC so amazing. Also, escalation has gone downhill. You are already allowed to go from one side of the map to the other, and you do not really feel the awesomeness of exploring the whole map after starting in a confined space and wondering what is behind each door you unlock. I justy do not feel the same connection with this game that I had in WFC and FOC. Plus, There Are Not Any Keyboard configurartions, Which Is Pretty Stupid Considering How They Gave Controller Configurations But No Keyboard ConfiguratiNs For One Of TheAin Systems It Was Released On.So Possibly Check Out Other Reviews And Other People Playing This Game Before Tou By it."
76561197992329702,Not Recommended,245760,12981034,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Doctor Who Says Ni,"The developers of this should not make video games. The ai is crap. The story is crap. Everything feels awkward. You get boxes after you beat enough enemies, and what they contain is random, which does not make sense. Vehicle mode is OP most of the time. Characters are less unique then before. There is no PVP. There is only escalation. The thing that I dislike the most is how the developers tried to rewrite what happened in WfC and FoC. How many new characters are there? About 6. Everything else is taken from the last 2 games. Grimlock has the same animations for both Cybertron and Earth modes. The game crashes when I try to pick anything up as Grimlock"
,Not Recommended,245760,13432728,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,WASACADA,"I preordered this game thinking that it would be a sequel to fall of cybertron, as stated. I was wrong. Even when i realised they had removed one of the best 3rd person multiplayer modes ive ever played and the best transformers multiplayer i tried to tackle the campain and... nevermind. Dont by this game, please, just dont."
76561198044047163,Not Recommended,245760,14699563,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,bigdevastat0r16,"Bought the game on sale,played for an hour and a half,got frustrated,quit the game,uninstalled the game.Dont want to  finnish it.I was one of the few who actually was waiting for this game and saw potential, but sadly everything you might have heard about this game is true.-the grafics are OK-the story ain't that good,not to mention gripping-combat is clunky and somehow feels worse than the cybertron games-there are difficulty spikes in some missionsDont buy this game,instead get Fall of Cybertron or War for Cybertron.-5/10"
76561198039425666,Not Recommended,245760,14696278,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The More Incredible Grimlock,"Nothing more than another lazy movie tie-in game. It felt like a cheap copy/paste of Fall of Cybertron, only not nearly as good. Don't buy it. Even if it's on sale, just stay away from this disgrace to the amazing Cybertron games. Hopefully High Moon Studios comes back one day, but it doesn't sound likely."
76561198056105034,Not Recommended,245760,32853407,Posted: 27 June,all,Qahnaarin,"Absolutely worthless cashgrab, whatever you do, do not even think of buying this piece of dung."
76561197978036015,Not Recommended,245760,15219353,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,gijones10,"I just finished playing through the whole game and I've gotta say that I'm disappointed.  I'm a huge fan of the Cybertron series having bought both War for and Fall of on ps3.  So I was really excited when this game popped up on Steam.  More so because I believed that the series was finished after FoC.In terms of story, both War for and Fall of Cybertron moved things along at just the right pace to keep from being too repeative.  By comparison Rise of the Dark Spark plays and looks almost identical to FoC.  The story line is also a lot weaker than the previous games.  The premise had a lot of potential but as other reviews have noted - they really didn't do much with it.  I don't think trying to merge the Cybertron series in with the movie series was a great idea either.  The sections played on Earth and that linked up to the movie were probably the most boring.  Perhaps I'm biased though because I strongly dislike the way Transformers has been treated in the present movie franchise.As far as gameplay goes.  If you've played the other games, particularly FoC, then there's basically nothing new here.  Well, actually, that's not strictly speaking true.  Something felt wrong when playing in robot mode.  Either the weapons just seemed too weak or I seemed more vulnerable but I found myself playing through almost the entire game in vehicle mode.  I never seemed to take as much damage,  I could move around faster and the weapons almost always seemed better than anything I could select for robot mode.I played through the game in about 20 hours but I'm sure it could be done much faster than that.  I collected less than a quarter of the achievements on my first play through but I can't see myself going back and doing the rest.I did attempt to try out the Escalation mode but it seems like no one else is playing this game.  So I've no idea what that is like.  The promise of being able to play as some old school Transformers seemed like it could be cool though.Overall the game just felt tired.  Probably because it has all been done before in FoC.... and for that reason I can't really recommend it - at least not at full price."
,Recommended,245760,22083237,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Mr. Jurassic,By far the best part of the game is the uninstall button.
76561198104145874,Not Recommended,245760,20365366,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Goldfire (Null),"My  reaction to them trying to combine the Cybertron games with the movieverse:....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198093363183,Not Recommended,245760,30987324,Posted: 6 April,all,Smackm0nk3y,"I love transformers, but this game is just a disaster.  It is not optimized at all.  Lots of animations are jerky, like when laser beak is released and sometimes when a cut scene shows someone running.  Cut scenes look like hammered crap, like they are low rez that are blown up to fill the screen.  Some in game textures look pitiful as well.  This game was obviously just thrown together.  I've gotten stuck more than once and had to reload from a checkpoint.  I can't even finish the game since it crashes at a certain point.  Avoid this game.  Its not even worth the price when 80% off."
,Not Recommended,245760,11697469,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Captain Masterson,"Sorry but, i feel like ive wasted my money here. Ive played through War and enjoyed playing the campaigns through with friends. Then came Fall, which removed coop but added a ton of new features and playstyles. Then....This.., i dont even know. I started out playing and watched my fps lock at 30, then was plopped down with no explanation of where i was or why i was here. ""Grab a gun, and meet us here as we leave you lost and introduce the villain"" is an accurate description. I noticed also a lot of the assets were recycled from the previous games, and many of the cybertron characters were concepts from fall. It felt like battlefield having to unlock everything, and i hated how terrible the models were for the bayformers. Optimus Primes lips could totally suck the 1980s batsuit nipples in this game."
76561198019144155,Not Recommended,245760,28189568,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,AG,"I didn't buy this full price because High Moon deserve the licence and respect the IP.Graphics: Would look bad even 10 years ago.  They actually managed to make the environments and transformers look worse than FOC.Sound: Some sounds are actually missing (like the transform sound), other times the music is too low, or the voice overs are too low, and the special effects hearing damagingly high. No tinkering with settings helps.  Other times it's like they purposfully sabotaged it - soundwave in vehicle mode sounds like the 30 year old POS my cranky old neighbour drives with the rickety alternator belt you can hear coming from round the block.Gameplay: Painfully easy and boring...until you get one-shot killed. At one point I was sipping a cup of tea with one hand, and lazily panning around with the mouse and destroying enemies with the other as they constantly respawned from opposite sides of the map. Then I was so bored I decided to transform and melee a bit, resulting in enemies respawning ontop of my character and getting one-shot so fast I thought the game had crashed.  So, great balancing there.  They also switched around some of the controls, and the FOV is worse than FOC.They also botched up transforming - its not as seemless as in WFC/FOC and theres a delay between modes, so no more awesome moments...at all.And they did away with Perks.  The fact that this game occurs before FOC is no excuse - the purpose of a sequel (IMO) is to expand on the originals.The one good thing about it: Some of the original voice actors are all there.  Starscream sounded off (voice over sound was low so hard to tell), but the writing is so bad, and the writers obviously didn't know the material and characters so it's nowhere game-redeeming.Lore: The main reason I bought it.  Nothing new - bad thing comes out of the past, defeat everything to stop it.  The story doesn't make sense, and doesn't dovetail the universe'/timelines well at all. More like duct tape, bubblegum and Michael Bay.Things I expected them to improve on:1- You're stuck with boring characters;  characters you already played in the past two games, characters that have been reduced in power, you play them many times through the game, and their preset special abilities are either boring or dumbed down e.g. clutch drone is now a sentry drone, Soundwave cant summon laserbeak and rumble, Optimus has a shield...2-Developers should study this game for creating the most soul crushingly boring XP system of all time.  Levelling up gives you gearboxes that randomly unlock characters in multiplayer, upgrades and one-use items.  Except they duplicate most of the time, and because its random you can't focus on one weapon.  I never used the hacks at all, and didn't need the one-use items. Also, unlocking these 'gearboxes' consists of clicking the mouse repeatedly to be rewarded by a load bar and a repeat item, which usually gets converted into crap I didn't need.  Meaning you can go through the whole game, level up and complete (the boring) challenges, and still not get anywhere near seeing even half of all weapon upgrades.3-They could have allowed you to switch transformers per level as in WFC.  It was great to see other transformers fighting alongside (but not in the way) during levels - why not allow the player to switch?.4-Dinobots.  No choice or expansion here. You play a mute Grimlock and the environments arn't as destructible as they were in FOC.  This is late in the game and the developers can only be applauded for maybe realizing they were crap, and knew that if they actually tried, they would only make something bad significantly worse.Conclusion: not even worth the Steam sale price. Fans arn't missing out on anything lore wise, Writing makes your favourite characters sound like morons, and even if you could makes it through all that, the technical issues and bad design decisions are a constant draining, and totally BORING experience."
,Not Recommended,245760,12669634,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Melingen,"I'm a huge fan of Transformers and this game was just a huge failure! After those great games WfC and Foc(War for Cybertron, Fall of Cybertron) we get this. The campaing sucks and WE HAVE NO MULTIPLAYER! Only escalation(it's the only good thing in the game). But still you get next to not even a new thing in the game and how everything is put together is terrible. If you like me and loved the past games don't buy. not even worth it on a 50% sale! This game mad me sad really sad. don't buy it!"
,Not Recommended,245760,21237367,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Pilot #32833,"This is all I have to say about the game.(And BTW, the Devs added their credits inside the game's coding. WfC and FoC didn't do that. And I don't know who in their right mind would.)"
76561197999458496,Not Recommended,245760,13705407,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Dave The Insane,"Absolutely terrible game. Do not buy, even at 25-50% off. Seriously, I bought this at 50% off and I compeltely regret the pruchase. It's buggy as heck - the graphics are terrible - when I started the game most of the textures were in low resolution and on top of that I could literally see through buildings. I took some screen shots but of course the game is so buggy that it doesn't even save them, otherwise I'd post them. Also when trying to interface with the Teletraan you have to be in the ""perfect"" position otherwise the interface button won't pop up. I literally spent 5 minutes trying to get it to pop up once. Also some enemies are just ridiculous, either by design or (most likely) by bug. They are unkillable and shoot you down within 3 shots, faster than any human reaction time. I am so dissapointed with this game. I love all things Transformers, I have hundreds of them, a tattoo on my arm, and pretty much every comic, but this game.... I completely regret... and I haven't even gotten to the ""Bayverse"" part (aside from the first chapter which was awful) so I can only imagine how terrible it gets from here on out. I really wish I could get a refund. I loved WoC and FoC, and this game uses the same assets and a lot of the functionality, but it's not at all a sucessor.Full Moon Studios, please for the love of god make another Transformers game that people can enjoy. This crap makes me sad to be a fan."
76561198069583720,Not Recommended,245760,33226869,Posted: 4 July,all,JOHNNYFLASH,Get Fall of Cybertron. MUCH better game. *Drops mic*
,Not Recommended,245760,11007550,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Jonblu10,"This game is terrible. From the horrible textures, the xbox button prompts, the strange diminished sound when speaking, the reused maps, the aimbot robots, and the strange story line. It's difficult to find anything redeeming about this game.In the first level you play is a city. It's drab, bleak, grey, and bleak; lacking in color except for the occasional billboard. It looks like it's straight out of some PS2 era game, but worse.Unlike the first two games, War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron (which are great and I urge you to buy them), the only way to receive new weaponry is to unlock them through a leveling system. The problem with that is that you can't save up for what you want to buy. You have to go through every single previous weapon in order to get what you want.The first transformer you get to play is is Drift. He has a special move that instantly kills anyone around him. Now, I wouldn't have a problem with that if it were executed correctly, but the problem is that it wasn't. It's coupled with a terrible animation that looks extremely out of place.In summery, I doubt that much (if any) work was put into this. In all likelyhood this was just made to cash in on the previous games' success."
76561198048693972,Not Recommended,245760,31393852,Posted: 27 April,all,Atom,By far the best part of the game is the uninstall button.
76561198121718413,Not Recommended,245760,12361879,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,IONITE,"Terrible game, the multiplayer was great, but the story was absolutley horrifiyingly terrible"
76561198004820269,Not Recommended,245760,10953004,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Beans,"Overall 1/5WARNING: DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEThis game is a complete waste of money, and the most regrettable purchase I've ever made on Steam. It is SHORT, approximately 4 hours, with time wasted doing little achievements and challenges. The game feels completely unfinished and rushed, the storyline is pathetic. Nothing about the game makes sense, nor does it tie in to the previous two games in any real fashion. There is NO resolutiont o anything regarding the ""War for Cybertron"" universe. In fact, there are only a couple of levels even set in that time frame. The levels that ARE set in that time, occur BEFORE the ""Fall of Cybertron"" storyline, and are in no way reflected in the ""Fall of Cybertron"" game. Just a little pocket of non-relevant missions that in no way contributes anything to any storyline. There are bugs and glitches EVERYWHERE. GAME BREAKING bugs that will forcibdly close your game, or force you to reload an earlier checkpoint. Combat and hit detection is clunky, delayed, and completely unpredictable. Horrible terrain and pathing leads to getting hung up on 6 inch stones on the ground. Cutscenes are giant pixelated blocks of pre-rendered garbage, and audio levels throughout the game are completely butchered. Sounds are either blowing out your speakers, or you can't hear what characters are saying. This game is GARBAGE, I've never returned a game in my life, but if I could, I would return this. This seems like some programming student's ISP for graduation. Amateur trash with no storyline, every character is the exact same, just a different skin, same missions, same combat mechanics, same wapons. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, EVEN IF IT IS ON SALE.This game has RUINED this series for me. I will NOT ever buy another game released in this series."
,Not Recommended,245760,14361271,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Moist Moist,who ever slapped this together is a complete jack♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,245760,10817232,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Heavy Is GPS,"Do not buy this game.Edge of reality makes poor console ports. If you want to play this without an Xbox 360 controller, you are out of luck. Most of the button promts are in xbox 360 commands.This game is nowhere near as good as the first one. This game on PC is a poor console port. Where most of the promts showing as Xbox 360 buttons and not as keys. Options menu is poor, no customizable keys, so pretty lackluster in that regard.The good:The game models looks as expected from a title like thisThe bad:On hard difficulty the game is nearly unplayable, Poor design choice when it comes to map and enemies can make it hard to spot enemies, even at longer range there is pop-in of enemies of the smaller variety, as you will often find yourself dying to seemingly nothing a bunch of times, without any warning or ability to tell where the damage came from as the enemies spawn behind you and give you no indication of them doing so. This is the only game I have ever quit out of frustration, as the harder difficulty can not have been playtested at all. This seems rushed and there was no reason for the game to come out in this state. Some animations in-game are at what looks like 30 fps. So you will be following a AI companion and they will jitterly move forward as a result of only running at a peasant frame rate while as you run as a masterrace frame rate.The game overall feels rushed and unfinnished, some cutscenes are in nice ingame render while others are in what looks like 2002 video renders of the game in terrible low quality all pixelated and grainy. It has some charm, but previous titles in the series were better. This is not one of Edge of Reality's stronger titles unfortunately.I would suggest Edge of Reality stick to what they know best and that is growing potatoes for peasants."
76561197975995704,Not Recommended,245760,16234841,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Keylowe,"Im sorry to say this game was poorly made. Loved other Transformers games so far, but this one fell very short of even matching."
,Not Recommended,245760,22264510,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Shadow,if you want a transformers game get TF:WAR FOR CYBERTRON and TF:FALL OF CYBERTRON. these games are the first two of this series and were made by high moon studios they were great but good ol' activision decided high moon would be better off making cod ports and left edge of reality to do this game. WORST IDEA EVER. everything is just reused assets with slightly different textures that just dont fit at all. The grimlock mission from TF:FOC was great so they decided to do that again but they made grimlock look like the movie one but kept the same trnsformation  from the previous game which just made it look so bad.
,Not Recommended,245760,11370054,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Geektron,"Still displays 360 Controller tooltips, no rebindable controls for keyboard, almost no voices from the movie, graphics options non exisant, no class cusomisation in muliplayer (ie you cannot make your own transformers) This game is a massive step backwards from Fall of Cybertron. What the actual balls, do NOT buy this it is a waste of money."
76561198010207996,Not Recommended,245760,10861933,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,No.,"TL;WRSetting - Cybertron = Decent, Earth/Bay = BadCharacters - Cybertron = What you've come to expect, Earth/Bay = Meh to BadGameplay - A light expansion to ""Fall of Cybertron"" with more wave based ordeals in campaignStory - Cybertron = (Enjoyable) Exposition, Earth/Bay = StupidOnline - No campaign co-op, No PVP multiplayer, Escalation significantly altered from previous gamesVerdict: If you love the Cybertron series and can handle an obvious port wait for a sale and then pick this up, otherwise give this game a pass.The next title in the ""Transformers Cybertron"" line of games, this time with the added inclusion of Bayformers and made under a new studio. If those two new prospects don't sound very appealing ... it's because it's not. This new ""Cybertron"" is easily the weakest in the series with a host of flaws and not much new stuff added.The games campaign starts off by immediately putting a sour taste in your mouth by starting you off on Earth in the Bayformers universe. The environments on Earth are absolutely horrendous and can leave you asking if the entire game will look this bad, and the answer is only about 30% of it, which is the portion of the game you play in the Bayformers Universe. However if you manage to muscle through the first level you are then transported back to the familiar venues of Cybertron where you will remain until near the end of the game. The Cybertron levels are about on par with previous titles and all the characters retain their looks, voices, and personalities.Gameplay wise this game plays almost exactly like ""Fall of Cybertron"" so if you've come to love the gameplay of this series then there's no worries on that front. Unfortunately not much new stuff is added to spice up the gameplay. The upgrade system from ""FoC"" returns with the exact same weapon upgrades, along with TECH, H.A.C.K, and abilities and characters for multiplayer being unlocked through crates that you get by leveling up and completing challenges. These crates vary in level and randomly give out everything mentioned above, so get ready to pull your hair out everytime you open a crate wanting an upgrade to your Riot Cannon and instead get 2 Jetfires, a multiplayer ability you already have, and a bunch of H.A.C.K's.Story wise this game is a bit of a mess. As I said before the game starts out on Earth in the Bayformers Universe where you play as the new transformer ""Drift"" who is a samurai robot who hates using guns over his superior folded steel katana's (which he only uses in his new unique ability) and constantly talks about ""honor"". For the first level Drift will go through an empty, desolate, and all around ugly city fighting off Cybertronian mercenaries working under ""Lockdown"" who looks less like a transformer and more like a 15-20 ft tall terminator. In the end Lockdown retrieves the titular ""Dark Spark"" and causes Bay Optimus to flashback to the Cybertron series to describe what the Dark Spark is and how it came to Earth. (And don't worry the Cybertron Universe is still a completely separate from the Bay universe.)The Cybertron portion of the game takes place a bit before ""Fall of Cybertron"" and as I said before, exists to exposit about the Dark Spark. Still the Cybertron portion of the game is  enjoyable with a few of the old veterans returning to be playable. Still a couple of notable characters aren't playable in the campaign at all such as Starscream and Megatron. Very few new characters are introduced in this segment save for a trio of insecticons, one of which is playable in the campaign, and the rest are playable in Escalation.After around 9 or 10 chapters on Cybertron you're thrust back into the Bayformers Universe for the finale. The environments   in the new jungle area are better compared to the city, and the devs must've thought that too since you spend a couple of chapters in this same level. Afterwards you go to an even worse looking city that's completely devoid of color save for grey and brown, where you get to continue to play as Bay Grimlock. This Grimlock isn't very fun to play, with most of his melee attacks lacking weight and you constantly having to use his unique ability to get more health as you get continuously gunned down from all sides. Anyway the games final chapter has you play as Bay Optimus and face off againt the Dark Spark powered Lockdown where he reveals (SPOILER) his evil plan is to make more money in a universe where I didn't even know transformers had money.Lastly the Online has been changed and a bit butchered compared to the last game. There is no competitive PVP, no campaign co-op (like ""FoC), and Escalation has been radically altered from previous titles. In this new variant you enter Escalation with a player setup such as character, ability, and weapons and devote all your credits to building and upkeeping base defenses instead of using them to unlock new areas, and weapons. The difficulty has also been significantly toned down and now almost lacks a challenge."
76561197971073368,Not Recommended,245760,34783961,Posted: 6 September,all,Chocolate Hobnob,Me Grimlock no like thisMe say other two betterMe get some Caesium Salami
,Not Recommended,245760,32970903,Posted: 28 June,all,Ooyodo,"I bought this game during the steam sale for about 10 USD.Overall, this game feels like an expansion for the previous game, ""Transformers: Fall of Cybertron"".  The game mechanics are almost identical.  All of the weapons from the previous game are featured in this game with the same upgrades and most of the character abilities are also the same.Most of the game follows the Transformers while they are still fighting on Cybertron, just like the other two High Moon games. However, it opens with and also ends with the characters from ""Transformers: Age of Extinction"".Overall the campaign was underwhelming in terms of story and excitement.  Just like ""Fall of Cybertron"", you control characters from both sides so it can be strange fighting on both sides of an issue.  There are a couple of boss fights, most of which are not challenging and not very engaging.  However there are certain segments where the game's difficulty can really pick up.  There are some battle drones which on Hard difficulty mode can kill you almost instantly but these only appear on one level.  In Grimlock's level, the Titan enemies are extremly difficult to fight because your options become limited to ""block with shield"" and ""bash with shield"" otherwise you die.In ""Fall of Cyberton"", character upgrades and weapons are purchased using an ingame credits system.  However in ""Rise of the Dark Spark"" the system was changed to ""loot boxes"" with random contents.  Similar to Halo 5's requisition packs, the ""gear boxes"" contain characters, abilities, weapon, upgrades, along with T.E.C.H. equipment and ""Hacks"".  These are aquired through doing various ""challenges"" ingame such as ""defeat 250 decepticons"" or ""kill each type of insecticon with the gear shreader"".  Depending on how difficult the ""challenge"" the gear box will have more contents.  Because of the randomness of the boxes, it can take a while to unlock ever upgrade or character.  Thankfully, duplicates of one time unlocks, such as characters, will be turned into a consumable item.  Hacks are a new addition to the game, which applies a stipulation to the game such as, ""enemies explode when they die"" which increases experience yield.  However, in campaign, the hack will be deactivated if you die.However, if you enjoy the gameplay, of ""Fall of Cybertron"" you will most likely enjoy this game.  All of the previous game's voice actors return and do a decent job.  The game's challenges help keep you interested and can encourage moving out of one's normal playstyle.  Hard mode difficulty provided about 11 hours worth of gameplay, and while there is no PvP multiplayer, ""escalation mode"" from the previous games returns with the same co-op horde mode gameplay.  This time, you can choose your loadout and character from the menu and do not need to ""buy"" the weapons or ammo in between waves during gameplay.There are issues with the game being a console port, certain things are only displayed with Xbox controls, and while the PC controls all work, the keybinding can not be changed.  I had the game crash on me about four times, all when selecting ""revert at last checkpoint"" after dying.  Just like ""Fall of Cyberton"", sometimes your character can get stuck while attempting to interact with an object and you must revert to get out.I would not recomend this game to anyone who doesn't like ""Fall of Cybertron's"" gameplay as there is very little Transformers fanservice to keep die hard fans interested."
76561198000083738,Not Recommended,245760,11022918,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,ice cream depression,"This is one of the games i have been looking forward to playing, because i have not bought fall of cybertron (really regret not buying). and i could kiss all my hype away.First of all for a spoiler this game has no improvements from FOC infact it is way worse.pros: epic starting screen musiccons: everythingGRAPHICSwhen i first got in the game i noticed right off of the bat the graphics were absolutely terrible, infact they were worse than FOC's graphics and they dont even make the characters texturized. this game fails in alot of things but graphics are the far worst. I fell so bad for the ps4 and xbox1 people that can't play a high powered game. Cutscenes look like a 2007 game.SOUNDas i said up above the pros the starting screen soundtrack is amazing but when you get into the game the voiceacting is beyond terrible(even optimus primes voice is a bit dissapointing even though its his original voice). the soundtrack is repetitive as RE6 was. The enemies say stuff when you are getting attacked and it gets so old and is the worst and cheezy things to say and to make it worse, bad voice acting.GAMEPLAYif you want to jump in and expect even more than FOC. then your absolutely wrong. they removed multiplayer pvp, when that was one of FOC most strongest points to play. The teletran 1 shop has been modified but you can't buy things anymore now its replaced with BF4 battlepacks. did i mention no customization well you can't make your own transformer, and weapon upgrading is so linier you can get characters in battlepacks. They do not even have COOP campaign, something we wanted in FOC but no the only coop is escalation. Animations are lazySTORY (SPOILER ALERT)nobody dies. This is an episode of the G1 series where the bad thing is destroyed from the bad guys and they escape. Abosolutely lazy story design first chapter is on earth then the next 5 are on cybertron and then suddenly back to earth.lockdown is an average bad guy because i was programed to be bad.i could go on and on why this game is horrid and why you should not buy it. but heres the real mistake. Transformers rise of the dark spark was not made by high moon studios. That is whats wrong high moon would not even center this game around the dark spark cause that would be completely dumb and they would have made a transformers game about something else. and not something that does not even matter in the transformers universe. im giving this game a 2/10 beyond dissapointing and dumb i bought this game for 50$ in the first hour. now to make up my money i have forced myself to get all of the achievements. This game sucks so bad it doesn't even have steam trading cards. i could recomend this for 5$.and btw dont give michael bay any more money for age of extinction, it was a horrible movie but not as horrible as this game."
,Recommended,245760,23917816,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,to_fat_to_fly,"(GOING TO GIVE AN  UNBIASED REVIEW)Cutting to the chase I feel this game is worth the steam summer sale price of 12$I did buy this in a bundle with The 2 previous games(Which I highly recommend the previous games)Pros:1. Takes place between 1 and 22.The parts of the game where you are on cybertron are graphically the same as the first 2, so pretty good3.There are new transformers usable in the survival modes like hound,Zeta prime and about 20 others4.Making the story tie into the movies had potentialCons:1.The parts of the game that take place on earth, with drift,grimlock and others look like they were ripped from a PS2 game, as in the map you were fighting on was basically a few buildings, a wall of textures that look like buildings surrounding you with obvious 2d trees and clouds behind them,The texturres on the transformers felt like I was playing Transformers the Game(2007)2.This game Feels like It was made by the same people Who made the first 2, Then halft way through some 3rd party company came in with the idea of tieing it to the movie and di the earth parts on their own3.Only 2 bosses in the game(both are very easy to kill even on hard mode)4.Optimus primes sheild ability can be deployed as long as it needs to be and negates all damage, basically allowing the player to cheat5. Last but not least, When this game decided to enter and tie into the movie universe, plenty of plotholes in the tie in emergeExample, You get to play as grimlock and clearly ally to optimus and have to defeat lockdown(meaning hes still alive)The final boss fight leaves lockdown alive, not taking place in china like in the movie, If grimlock in the movie was on lockdowns ship and had to be defeated by optimus to become allies, theoretically this entire plot line(in the earth part) would have to take place witthin  the evens of the movie meaning this whole thing would have to have lasted like 1 hourThat personally bugged me,maybe other people not so muchOVERALL: for the steam sale price and 8 hours of gameplay its worth it, but not 50$The first 2 games were fun and worth the money, This game did good for the part that took place on cybertron, I feel highmoon studios can do better, Id be open to tying this game series into the movies if the cons listed above were fixedTLDR: cons outweigh the pros but for 12$ you get  your moneys worthOnly giving this game a positive review because I want to encourage the makers of this game to revive it"
76561197997400212,Not Recommended,245760,29545911,Posted: 28 January,all,XCRage,"This is one of those games that needs a 'meh' button.I'd recommend it only under three conditions:-You love Transformers.-It's massively on sale.-You have already played the High Moon Studio games, and Devastation (all three are a better use of your time).I mean, this game kind of feels like the High Moon Studio games, in terms of game play - but it also feels like a hollow, has-been copy, with a really weak story.Plus, that story might last 8 hours if you're lucky.Definitely only worth it for a mega fan."
,Not Recommended,245760,11280656,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Fenraldr Bloodfang,"(A more comprehensive version of this review is avalible athttps://www.dropbox.com/s/rx0wuudewrsn460/TFRotDSReview.txt)TL;DR:Disappointing but still fun game. Wait for the price to drop before you buy it.Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark is a third-person shooter based off of both the Michael Bay Transformers movies and the High Moon Studios ""Cybertron"" games. It attempts to cross over these two fictional universes, and does so with limited appeal.Story (Spoilers Ahead):The story is...strange. It feels unfinished, unpolished, and quite frankly, lazy. The plots of the movie and Cybertron segments are almost identical: ""Villain X has the Dark Spark! We must retrieve it before he unleashes total havoc upon the planet!"" The differences are, of course, the antagonist and the setting. The Cybertron story, however, shines brighter than the movie story because it bridges some gaps between War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron; we see Shockwave discover the Insecticons, Ironhide's apparent death (as to my remembrance, he did not appear in Fall's campaign), and so on and so forth. The Cybertron story takes place after War but before Fall, acting as a prequel. We see that Starscream has not gone rouge, Trypticon is still offline, and the Ark is still under construction.While I certainly appreciate the attempt at a prequel (and the Cybertron segment is certainly the best part of the campaign because of it), the Cybertron story simply ends up feeling like ""Transformers: Fall of Cybertron - Deleted Scenes"", and you clearly know WHY they were deleted; the unnecessary plot element we know as the Dark Spark.The movie story isn't worth going over; the movie it was based off of was a huge contradiction within itself, so just read a review about Transformers: Age of Extinction for that.Gameplay:Transformers: RotDS has exactly the same gameplay as its predecessor, which is both a good and bad thing; Transformers: Fall of Cybertron has excellent gameplay, displaying balance and finesse in its weapons and gunplay, pitting you up against challenging enemies who knew their way around a rifle as well as you do. In any Transformers game, you are both soldier AND vehicle, which is always interesting and fun. This game does not screw up in that department, as the gameplay from Fall of Cybertron was left completely untouched. In fact, a lot of things were left completely untouched...RotDS did not have the same developer as the Cybertron games.Activision slated a new development company, ""Edge of Reality"", to make this game in lieu of High Moon Studios. Edge of Reality reused all assets created by High Moon Studios for the Cybertron portion of the game, right down to the weapons, character models, animations, sounds, and effects. The only thing that got a re-do was the HUD, which -does- look rather nice, to be fair. Aside from that, the recycling of High Moon Studios assets was a blatant display of laziness and carelessness that should be frowned upon. They could have at the very least touched up all the in-game assets, giving them a bit of a makeover for the next generation, but not even that was done.That aside, there is one large flaw in the gameplay.THERE IS NO PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER.Edge of Reality and Activision apparently thought it would be an excellent idea to omit the thing that practically made the Cybertron series the smash hit that it was: PVP. Instead of any of the PVP gamemodes, even the simple Team Deathmatch, we get a beefed up Escalation mode.However, The new Escalation is my favorite part of the game. You can play as over forty characters from both the Cybertron and movie universes. Essentially, in doing that, all you're doing is selecting your character model and either a ground-based or air-based alt mode. After selecting two characters, you can customize your loadout to your liking.The loadout consists of a primary weapon, a heavy weapon, a ""robot ability"", three ""T.E.C.H."" abilities, and one ""HACK"" (if you so choose to enable one). The robot ability is an action you can perform at any time. There's a cooldown time for the ability, so you aren't able to just spam it. T.E.C.H. abilities are like robot abilities, but they are one-time use and generally more powerful. A HACK is a disadvantage you accept in order to gain more XP- similar to Skulls in the Halo series.You use all of these in-game to survive 15 waves of enemies, with each wave increasing in difficulty. In the new Escalation, you can set up defenses such as barricades and sentry turrets to help ward off the attackers. In addition to this, there are ""power foes""- essentially characters from the campaign thrown into Escalation mode in order to destroy you. It's a nice addition.RotDS also has a rather nice unlock system for characters, weapons, and abilities. You unlock the aforementioned via obtaining ""gear boxes"": crates containing unlockable in-game items. (Think: crates in Team-Fortress 2.) You acquire gear boxes by completing missions, hitting landmark waves in Escalations, earning achievements, earning combat distinctions, and simply slaying enemies. I found this to be rather fun and clever. If PVP were implemented, it would be a great way to level up your characters.Graphics:At first glance, the game looks passable. But once you play it for a while, you notice blurry textures, jagged edges, and animation errors. These are especially prevalent in the Earth levels, in which Edge of Reality had to make new models, textures, and animations, rather than recycle High Moon assets as they did for the Cybertron portions.Overall:This game was somewhat of a disappointment, although I can't say I didn't like it. At the end of the day, I enjoyed this game. As a compliment to Fall of Cybertron, it would have worked nicely. However, a lack of PVP, a weak story, and a too-high pricetag (that last one especially) make this game not worth it. Once the price drops down to at least $20, it will be worth buying. Until then, if you really want this game, wait for a discount. $50 seems a tad too much for what we're getting."
76561198004666319,Not Recommended,245760,17135506,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,GodFist Metal (V),"The game like any other transformers game looks cool, However the fact that you cant even run it in story mode without crashing is kinda sad... It just goes to show that the developers don't really care about this game. A patch or fix for that bug or what ever is causing the crashings should of been out already.Please, Do not get this game till its fixed. It is a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,245760,10778932,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Abroham Lincoln,This game is a tumor on the transformers franchise. The game was optimized for Xbox players and no one else. It feels half baked. And the amount of crashes make this game unplayable. DO NOT GET THIS GAME. Get Fall of Cybertron instead.
94580548948694896,Not Recommended,245760,15529804,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,ChandlerX360,"First we got WFC and FOC, Greatest games in history... then we got this crap.The story is short, the graphics are pretty bad, some of it just makes no sense, the only multiplayer we got is escalation.The only really good parts about this game is the cybertron missions and when you get to play as grimlock, but besides that it's pretty bad.So if you do consider getting this game, at least wait till it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,245760,10934164,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rizual,"Load of horsecrap, go buy Fall of Cybertron. It's better in every single way possible, there's simply nothing redeeming about this one beyond that it kept the controls and feel of Fall of Cybertron, but that's only because it's the exact same game with a new story and a few more assets that all look like garbage.Oh, and the ""multiplayer"" isn't enjoyable in the slightest and is way too easy."
,Not Recommended,245760,10802659,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Slift,"Very rarely do I find a game that I cannot justify... And Rise of the Dark Spark is one of those very rare games.It's not bad. It's not good. It just IS. And it has flimsy pretense to be.The closest comparison I can manage is Farcry 3 and Farcry 3: Blood Dragon... And Rise of the Dark Spark really does feel like a little fun project that someone did on the offside. For full price.Don't get me wrong. Gameplay? Pretty good. The problem is that it's copied wholesale from Fall of Cybertron (Hereby shorted to FoC), the previous Transformers game. All the character models (Including DLC items like Hound and the Insecticons) return. All the guns return. The Grimlock stages return. Bruticus returns for a stage. It's like a highlight reel of Fall of Cybertron.There's CRIPPLINGLY little NEW to the game. The Age of Extinction content numbers FIVE characters (Drift, Earthmode/Ninja Bumblebee, Knight Optimus Prime, Lockdown and Stinger) with four unplayable enemies (Which use FoC enemy types, they're just new skins. They use the same voices and everything.) Three... Passable Earth level types too (City/Ruined City, Jungle and Military base.)All of the voice actors return, and the FoC section of the game acts as a prequel (A flimsy one, but a prequel) to Fall of Cybertron itself. It's not BAD.  ...But it's not GOOD. It takes Fall of Cybertron and does NOTHING with it. It slaps a new coat of paint and goes 'there you go' The unlock system from Fall of Cybertron is simply randomized... And it's not BAD, but it doesn't do anything BETTER.Despite LOVING Transformers, and even arguing that this is one of the best movie tie-in games I've ever played... I can't recommend it. Very little was done to justify the price. If you see it for $20 or something? By all means, buy it, play it, run around in Escalation with some buds killing things. Hi-five. As it is? No. It's just not worth it. It's not BAD, but it's just... Meh. It's nothing FoC didn't do. It's not even, really, a cross-over. FoC will at no point interact with movie in any meaningful way (Or any way at all, realistically). Spoiler or not... It has to be made VERY CLEAR, considering it's the game's entire selling point.Sidenote: As of writing (And hey, movie game... Patches are not expected) The AI seems to have been broken (From FoC's decent-ish enemy logic) to flow with certain areas of the game. The most common type of enemy (With a machine gun) simply doesn't reload as often as it should and will murder you dead in about 3 seconds on Normal if you're not careful (I.E pressed against a wall and only peeking your gun around the side). The final boss has cheap SNK syndrome moves and is an ungodly pain."
76561198079325531,Recommended,245760,19962747,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ToaLeePrime,"This is not a bad game, but it's not a good one either. wait for sales."
,Not Recommended,245760,10817584,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[OSP] ItsGillan,"Well i put less then 10 hours into this game I have beaten it on the hardest difficulty quite easily btw I have already unlocked EVERYTHING there is to unlock and multiplayer is very boring horde style game with only like 4 maps and all the characters look the same. you never do a vehicle on vehicle fight. I am glad i was gifted this game on steam. if i had paid for this to be done everything in 10 hours i would be a little more upset. Ha and if there is one thing in any game that lets you fly that drives me insane it is invisible walls i felt very claustrophobic that entire game even in areas that are wide open. as for even transforming really not even necessary well that is if somehow you run out of ammo you can switch for that ammo. game looks alright transformations are nice and fluid. the challenges are bugged out and while driving the vehicles seem extremely “light” and get caught up on nothing or go flying in some other direction or flip, The story line is dull and boring and predictable the entire way through as well Really other than the nice looking transformations there is nothing good about this game."
76561198271897106,Not Recommended,245760,34834904,Posted: 9 September,all,plazmaporkchops,"I'd give it a 5/10.Average game.Pros :Smooth fun gameplayEasy controls for pc and controllerAsthetics of characterCons :Incredibly low replay valueBoring unlock systemDull maps and story.I think the problem is that its not that full moon left. Although that did suck♥♥♥♥♥ i think if this studio was given more time and ideas they would've made something amazing. Its got amazing quality but dull quantity.Only 2 modes. An averge amount of characters. Just so barebones. This game would've been great had they had more time to develop the idea they were clearly going for.Also i think in my opinon its stupid how when you go prime mode you keep your characters. It makes the supply crates absolutely useless because lets be honest tf fans, we're only here really for a good game and the transformer designs. First day of playing its fun as hell but when you unlock everything, theres just no reason to go back to it. Didn't anyone at this game studio even consider the icredibly terrible replay value?!Also story was okay but could've been so much more and that pisses me off. How about you let us play the charaters you selected for each mission and then when you complete it you can maybe play as your escalation characters in singleplayer. Just something more! This games just so sad like a homeless person. Someone who could've bben so much more :(This game doesn't anger me. Just saddens me but don't let this be death of third person shooter transformer games coz i hate that mobile strategy game. transformers is not meant for strategy or at least even if it is, strategy games are so ovversaturated in mobile gaming"
,Not Recommended,245760,11059885,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,UrbanRS,If you were a fan of the past Cybertron games and thinking this will be just like them im sorry to say that it isnt. story was ok but not as great as Fall of Cybertrons. biggest mistake edge of reality made with this game was that they didnt include a PVP multiplayer which has let down alot of people including my self? I hope they will come out with a multiplayer update but if not i would not recommend this at all unless you just want to play for the story. The story tries to fuse the micheal bay series with the cybertronian which was a big mistake also the micheal bay series part had nothing to do with the movies unlike the movie games which had most if not everything to do with the movie. overall id give it a 4/10 its only saving grace for me was playing as grimlock thats it
76561198082358666,Not Recommended,245760,11090852,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,get  fingered♥,sry wrong this game is too bad to wear the name transformers
76561198018892935,Not Recommended,245760,11216690,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,AceRimmer,"There is no possible way I could ever recommend this game.First, this game is a console to pc port.  All in-game button instructions are for a game pad.Second, there is no way to change the keyboard controls for this game.  The default controls are the only controls you can use.Third, the audio levels are inconsistent.  While some parts of the game the dialogue can be understood, other parts of the game you cannot hear a single thing the characters are saying.I ended up playing until Sideswipe and Ironhide appeared...which leads me to the fourth and last...Fourth and last...  This game is BUGGY!  Throughout the game I noticed that whenever I interacted with an object the game seemed to want to stall out.  What I mean by that is this...  Imagine having to interact with an object but when you do the character can no longer do anything.  The character cannot interact with an object, cannot move, cannot jump, cannot shoot...the game basically is still running and the other characters talking...but the character that you control can no longer do ANYTHING AT ALL.  This is a random bug.  I reloaded from the last checkpoint a couple of times and I noticed it doesn't happen at the same location where you interact with an object.  It  just is a random occurance whenever the player character interacts with an object.  Considering that this uses the console way to save games it can lead to you having to replay a LONG level before reaching the place where your character stalled out at to see if you are lucky enough for the game to let you through.I cannot tell you about the game's story because this game was so buggy I eventually quit.But I will say this.  For this game to be as BAD as it is considering how good the previous two Transformers games were is truly shameful.AVOID THIS GAME.  It was never meant for a PC and the developers obviously didn't care about the PC market at all.  They dropped this steaming pile on us and couldn't give one #### about it or us."
,Not Recommended,245760,16008981,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Sorthan:,"A three hour (?!) long campaign, utter crap graphics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting. This game is probably the biggest insult to any established franchise currently out there."
,Recommended,245760,10768599,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DJ McSpooky |SE|,"Once you get past the first mission, then the greatness of the previous two games sets in. The earth scene is a little boring and lacks a lot of detail. (little disappointed) But beyond that, cybertron universe is what you would expect, with high detail and a lot of s*** going on in the background. The story takes place somewhere right before the events of FOC. And the gameplay is nicely familiar to the previous titles, with new approaches to said familiar assets. So esentially you'll feel like you're playing FOC again with minor differences. They implimented a much better use of the T.E.C.H. than the last game (which i never used in the last game) and it allows a new thing called Hacks, which handicap you in some way for a nice exp boost. (nice little side challenge). The only multiplayer option is escalation but it's a much much beefier version of the last one that allows you to play as any of the playable characters in the game and lets you outfit their loadouts to suit your play style. I still honestly prefer FOC team deathmatch but this really isnt too bad and its a much better step up from previous escalation. If you're a true transformers fan, and you can get over the crappy detail of earth, stop reading reviews and get this game. (earth detail is really the only complaint i have.)"
,Recommended,245760,27952355,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xinister,"Rise of the Dark Spark, oh dear oh dear... What to write, I was by many recommended to stay clear of this game, but today when it looked at it, it was on sale and I thought to myself. Why read a bunch of reviews that makes you not want to buy the game, why not just throw yourself into the fray and buy it.So I bought it!Question is, have I regreted the purchase, well the first mission left me with a little of a meh feeling and I thought, oh man if this is going to continue like this REFUND INCOMING!But thank GOD the game got better and better, so far I am honestly enjoying myself, I must however state that the lack of multiplayer is kinda meh, ofc I mean multiplayer such as DM and TDM. Luckly there is escalation which is okay, and actually feels better than the escaltion modes in WfC and FoC.If you ask me if you should get the game, well then currently I would say yeah, but not for the full asking price, wait until it is on sale.Honestly looking at all the negative reviews some of them are just unjust, like I said it is not a bad game, and ofc there are going to be skins that are reused, activision owns the rights or well hasbro does, but whatever, so yeah Edge of Reality have made a pretty solid game, and if you are a transformers fan it shouldn't be missing in your collection, but like I said.--- DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR THE FULL ASKING PRICE!!! ---Wait for sale, hope it helped some of you out there, and that some of you just say ♥♥♥♥ the reviews it is a transformers game I'm buying it :P/ Xinister over and out"
,Not Recommended,245760,10942127,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rave Clown,"I really like the transformer games but this one was most likly the worst.First of all the multiplayer is worse in my opion than the other games since their is only an escalation mode instead of the multiplayer mode and escalation. I also belive they focused too much on singal player and not enough on mutiplayer which I though was very enjoyable. The game's story line is also confusing at the begining of the game and not really existing ethier. and it is very short because i beat the game in one day. Finally the customization you can make is worse than the original because you cant coustomize really anything except for your character, weapons, and power ups.Basicly what i am saying this game was a horable game and dont spend fifty dollars on it and regret it later."
,Not Recommended,245760,10987061,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Robin Williams,"This game is not only glitchy, inferior to Fall of Cybertron control-wise, and a direct port from Xbox 360, but the story is horribly thrown together, it conficts with both Age of Extiction's and Fall of Cybertron's continuities, all the assets are reused and lazily coded, and it's just an awful excuse for a game. I, without any exaggeration, screamed ""No, I'm done"" in the middle of the game, after having tried to give it a chance, and attempted closing it when, as if to further fuel my point, it stopped responding and I had to restart my computer. Do not waste your money on this pathetic excuse for any kind of enjoyment."
76561197988547243,Not Recommended,245760,10843272,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[Sir] Squibbles the Snake,"The past Cybertron games set a high mark. Both were great games, with great characters, and a storyline that makes fans of Transformers giddy with excitement. When I first heard of Rise of the Dark Spark, I was very happy to see the movie versions brought into the mix.Did it work well?No.What we have here is a lazy made game that I hope will not be the direction Transformers games will be taken. I did not expect this game to have ""next gen graphics"", but the textures, lighting, etc. are just bad. Portions of the game set on Earth look drab. Charcter models look nice, but the only place I see actual work put in is...just guess...the portions on Cybertron. This, let's say 4 hour campaign, is pathetic. Introduce the villain, Lockdown. Lockdown gets weapon of mass destruction. Autobots stop Lockdown. That's it.The game boasts 40 characters from the Transformers universe. Well if you were looking forward to playing as your favorite Bayformers, think again. Almost 90% of characters are ones from War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron, such as Cliffjumper, Insecticons, Shockwave, etc. I would have loved to see a clean 50 50. 20 Bayformers and 20 Cybertron Characters, but no.Remember that wonderful and thrilling Multiplayer in Fall of Cybertron? I do! Well...it's gone in Rise of the Dark Spark and replaced with Escalation.Would I recommend this to the average gamer? NoWould I recommend this to a Transformers fan? NoMy Verdict: 4/10Pros: Peter Cullen, Character ModelsCons: Graphics, Gunplay, Multiplayer, Storyline, Story length"
,Not Recommended,245760,10824587,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rufrky,"This game does not lead much beyond its predecessors War for Cybertron, and Fall of Cybertron. While the game play is reminiscent of of the previous titles, with the Campaign and the Escalation game modes, these alone do not add to the replayability of this game.  Aside from the game mechanics and modes, the content of this game itself is both borrowed and rushed in that it takes from the previous games of the series, and adds in the movie variants as well whose art style clashes with that of the cybertron variants.All in all this game was fairly short in its campaign and lacking in content and replayability.  It could have benifited if it had all the same single player elements coupled with the multiplayer gamemodes that the previous games had beyond just Escalation, while still keeping the player progression system that had with this game."
,Not Recommended,245760,10825179,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,HellsArmy,"This is a horrible game, definitely not worth the money they charge. It is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥CONSOLE PORT, bad animations, boring gameplay, CONTROLLER LANGUAGE, just a genuine piece of Horse♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is horribly optimised and the video options are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, and it is on the Unreal Engine, Seriously? You ""Developers"" call this a game? No wonder I dont buy AAA games.Had high expectations, they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pocket and all over my wallet. Seriously not happy."
,Recommended,245760,10768742,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dtex,"Right off the back there's just something wrong with this game.  Gee I wonder what it.. IT'S TRYING TO LINK THE BAY MOVIES TO THESE TWO AMAZING GAMES (well really just the fourth one but that's beside the point)!  But that's only where it begins!  Because the game takes place on two worlds there's two different stories in the game which is a neat idea but was poorly executed.  One that takes place during the Fall of Cybertron campaign showing how the Dark Spark got to Earth, the other bieng on Earth which cannot fit anywhere into the movie.Another thing about the game is the controls, everywhere and I do mean EVERYWHERE it displays the controls as if you had an XBOX 360 controller plugged in.  Luckily it's not to hard to figure out and during the actual game it says for example ""Press A or Spacebar to Jump"".The friendly A.I. isn't to good either sometimes getting stuck in a place that they just shouldn't forcing you to restart from your last check point and hope it works this time.They've also gotten rid of the online multiplayer battles which is kind of dissapointing but they did leave escalation which is in my opinion now one of the main selling points of the game and possibly saving it from a lower rating from me.  This time there's a level system in both escelation and the campaign which are linked.  Every time you level up you get a gear box which contains random loot such as weapons, weapon upgrades, Tech, and characters to use in escelation.  They're a bit like Battlefield's Battlepacks, just a lot more repetative.Also when it comes to choosing your character for escelation it tells you the character's ability and then when you select the character it gives you the choice to change that ability making the only use for character selection is to choose your vehicle form and your skin.Also if your going to get the DLC just get the weapons, because the characters are just as I said in the last paragraph it's all just skins (ones that cost money compared to all the others that you can get for free).Basicly to sum this semi-rant review this game is not worth it's $50 asking price... at all.  I recommend it only if you can get it for at least $15.5/10"
,Not Recommended,245760,33991282,Posted: 3 August,all,Lordmanbat1,"Story is forced, the only good parts are the missions where you are on Cybertron and even then they are no where near the level of FOC and WFC are, so all in all buy WFC and FOC"
,Not Recommended,245760,15777419,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SkinnyMF,I loved War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron. They were great games. This one is not. It's a swate of money and disk space.
,Not Recommended,245760,10982982,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Thunda - skinhub.com memes,this game sucks it isnt worth even 5 bucks so if you buy this game dont expect for people to play mutiplayer and the campaign is very short and even on extra high graphics it looks like crap and the a.i. look very cheap
,Not Recommended,245760,10824041,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Abend,"I originally was gonna simply pirate it or not even care out of being sour over ruining what could quite possibly be the only good transformers game series both War For Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron where decent to great games , especially customization in fall of cybertron which was outstanding. However this game takes all of assets from fall and reuses the engine from the previous game presenting no new mechanics and horribly tacked on tedium effectively sucking all of the fun out of it in addition to that weapons during the campaign are aquired by killing enemies and getting random lock boxes that contain powerups, escalation characters and weapon augments which again instead of simply giving weapons to you as you progress as a natural linear game usually would it throws different weapons to you at random.TLDR; Its Lazily bad dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy it"
,Not Recommended,245760,10978686,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TwG Slugger,its got some bugs...definitely not as good as war/fall of cybertron.  The whole movie part could of been removed from the game too...not worth the buy.
76561198008701299,Not Recommended,245760,10886708,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Steg51,"The campaign storyline plays out like a bad slash fanfiction where Bumblebee has sex with Harry Potter.  Why Harry Potter?  Who cares.  You'll be so exhausted from crapping out this awful turd six chapters into the campaign that you only want it to end.   Occasionally you'll look back to see if there's blood in your stool but that's just the game's way of giving achievements.  Was that 10 game score points or jagged glass tearing through your colon?  Don't know but when I wanted to round out the multiplayer as well as finish the campaign before passing judgement that expience left me more numb than Afghanistan.  Like to PVP?  Me too but RDS doesn't care.  Enjoy an awful horde mode ripped directly from Gears of War.  Because there's little replay value in repeating the same horde mode over and over no one wants to play escalation.  Players should get an achievement for having a multiplayer team with four people.  The player finder starts as soon as two players out of four possible slots join.  I've given over 10 hours gameplay to multiplayer without finding a 4 man team.  Sure I can bring my friends but I like my friends enough to not make them play this game with me.  While you can easily beat the multiplayer by yourself that's not the point of multiplayer.  Plain and simple the game does not deliver a tenth of the original storyline, character depth, polished feel, smooth mechanics or sense of rewarding gameplay that FoC gave us."
,Not Recommended,245760,10781174,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Griffior,"Just don't buy it. I had a feeling it would be bad, but not this bad. Read other Steam reviews, they're not lying about how awful this game is.Don't do it.I've been looking forward to playing this game after work all day. I start it, and a few red flags are already going up.Where's High Moon Studios?Alright, maybe these guys are just as good and High Moon and were fine with a bit of movie tie in. NOPE.Graphics settings: Low, Medium, High, EXTRA. Yeah, there's some in depth options for you.Alright I may go into the character creator to see what they have available. Wait no PVP Multiplayer? I mean, WHAT?????? I'm not someone who looks for multiplayer in in games I play, but WFC and FOC had a wonderful formula for fun.Okay I might check out the what ""character setup"" thing is about. Alright I can select which bot/con I want to play in escalation. Not very appealing since they don't have as many as they should.Alright, let's hop into the campaign. Okay Drift is a stale character but ♥♥♥♥ it, it has to be fun at some point. Wait, in campaign scoring, why? There's no co-op to challenge your friends to.I earned a Bronze gearbox? WTF is this (open it) this♥♥♥♥♥♥is pretty much battlefield. You get packs to unlock stuff.Okay, brown level 1 finished. lets see what kind of cutscenes we get....................... The kind of cutscenes we got with WFC and FOC. I'm ♥♥♥♥ing done."
76561198046069322,Not Recommended,245760,10775178,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Squigly,"Edge of Reality really impressed me with Loadout, so I expected this game to be good. Thing is, I CAN'T EVEN GET IN THE FREAKING GAME TO SEE IF IT IS GOOD. Everytime I go in Camapaign, it freezes my PC, and everytime I go into Escalation, it either freezes the same way or just outright closes the game. Until they fix it I have recommend NOT buying this. Once it's fixed and I can play, then my attitude towards it might swing, seeing as I was able to get into escalation for a few minutes, and it was amazing. Fix your damn game, EoR."
76561197993756380,Not Recommended,245760,11400556,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Islander,It's crap. I learned a pre-ordering lesson.
76561197965282929,Not Recommended,245760,11234004,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Yeania Aeon,yea extremly short singel player bearly any in the mulptiplayer part and every character used is in the movie so the game is a tad of a spoiler as well
,Not Recommended,245760,10944937,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mav,Not even close to as good as War and Fall of Cybertron.  I would rate it 4/10.  Very repetitive.  Cinematics suck.  Not very well done.
76561197998891251,Not Recommended,245760,10948328,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SunSon,"This game isnt worth your 50$, so dont buy it. Better wait for a sale. Though its single game story is rich, that is about the only thing that is satisfying. Its video and sound qualities are poor, it has no PVP multiplayer, and Escalation is locked on 30 fps which makes it unplayable. So basiclly, what you get for your money, is a plot. And a very short one too."
,Not Recommended,245760,11182866,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,mbsimons1,no multiyplayru
76561198027098379,Recommended,245760,10768861,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,amanstwo,"While not as extensive as Fall of Cybertron, this game didn't disappoint me.While I haven't finished it yet, I can safely say I am enjoying it. It looks fine graphics wise, sound is good (though a little repetitive at times) and voice acting, as always, is top-notch. Familiar voices, too - which is always nice.Not many significant changes in mechanics, but that can be a plus as well as a minus depending on your perspective. I'm perfectly fine with having something I already know how to grasp.The story itself is intriguing, to say the least. Thirty minutes in and I'm already suffering what most refer to as fangasms, encountering Cybertronians that have not been present in the franchise before and that are so very familiar, the Insecticons being the first example that comes to mind. I'm really interested in knowing how it develops, and I'm more than intrigued by how the story takes place on both planets seemingly simultaneously.Oh, and did I mention I love the comic relief? Dialogue is well in line with the previous games, and so very much in character.All in all, considering that the game is cheaper than its predecessors, it's a solid 8/10."
,Not Recommended,245760,10844821,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,fearrachshi,"Having played the previous titles and absolutly loving them, i was very disappointed in this title. It is a huge port of the Xbox Console version. i would highly recommend to not pick this game up unless you absolutly loved teh Transformers games that High moon studios developed, or if you are an avid lover of the Transformers Franchise."
76561198015447778,Recommended,245760,10783887,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,GaiDaigouji,"This feels like it would have been more at home as a DLC for Fall of Cybertron rather than being it's own game. If you enjoyed the two Highmoon Studios games that preceeded this, you will be able to find some fun here. A lot of the previous talent returns to reprise roles and you get to spend more time with characters that you didn't really have enough room to shine in the last game.It's all been dolled up a little bit, the camera's a little tighter, the weapons seem larger aesthatically and seem out of place on the Bayformer models.There is no PVP multiplayer, the Bayverse seems like the person you invited to a party to be polite hoping they wouldn't show... and then being very disappointed when they did.There are five new character models in this game... Really, that's it.This is all just a forewarning. It is not a bad game, it has bad parts and is missing some parts that you might have enjoyed from previous titles."
,Not Recommended,245760,24140061,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,『CJDamms』,"So, Transformers Rise of the Dark Spark. Where do I begin?It's♥♥♥♥♥♥PLOT: An anti-matrix known as the Dark Spark crash lands on Earth and Optimus Prime tells the story of it through flashbacks of the Cybertron games. Oh yeah, and Grimlock lived through Fall of Cybertron but was captured by Lockdown.But seriously, this game had an interesting idea but it misses the mark. It's a complete yawnfest and even the Cybertron stuff doesn't save it.Sad thing is that the 3DS version is miles better than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and that's a Fire Emblem clone (Not saying that's a bad thing, just stating what it is).Great job Activision, must have been a great idea to make a great developer port ♥♥♥♥ing Call of Duty onto last gen consoles."
76561198091809267,Not Recommended,245760,24044438,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,T H I C C Smoke,Do NOT buy this game.Firstly becuase of the campaign only the missions on Cybertron are good and even though they are good it gets boring very quickly.The multiplayer is♥♥♥♥♥♥you never can find a game and when you do its not even any fun to play.Your just wasting your money buying this game even on sale but £30 for this is a crappy price.
,Not Recommended,245760,33932647,Posted: 31 July,all,Allknowing [FIN],"Eh...Rushed and forced game with many bugs.Unskippable cutscenes with low volume, USE SUBTITLES!After War of Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron, I cannot recommend this."
76561198090494904,Not Recommended,245760,23936387,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,EpicEnej,"*only the part when you play on cybertron is good*- and movie universe and cybertron universe and g1 are not combined together they are just telling 3 stories at the same time....- this game should have been a sequel to cybetron games but thay just had to add the freeeking micle bay films that i hate....- BUY THIS GAME ONLY IF IT IS ON SALEf*** you Activision for milking the franchise- and one more thing when you're playing in Michael Bay universe the dialogue of enemies is repetitive and annoying""lets show him what we got""!!!!""how can he disappeared like that""""another nooby""that is the only think you here in battletoo bad High Moon didn't make another cybertron game"
,Recommended,245760,13722104,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Shockwave,It's a strange game. I would advise to wait for it to be on sale to be honest. The best parts are on Cybertron when it becomes a small insert between the events of War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron. That's its short saving grace. The parts in the Bayverse aren't that exciting but stomping around as Grimlock is always a bit of fun.In summary:Pros- The parts on Cybertron are fun and give a bit more story between War and Fall- Stomping as Grimlock is funCons-Only has Escalation mode and no TDM unlike previous two-Unlocks are gained via level up and ingame challanges. Have fun unboxing a lot of boxes really slowly.-While the Cybertron bits are good its not worth full price. Wait for sales.-Enjoy seeing XBOX controller prompts for everything? They are used for everything as well as for menus. You can't switch them off
,Not Recommended,245760,11027000,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,LinK,"Too Short, nothing new mechanic-wise. Felt Like over priced DLC of the previous title."
76561198102827519,Recommended,245760,11177374,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Crazador,It's Maybe Not Amazing As The Previous Transformers...But It's Still Fun :D... Love The Weapon And Character
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,245760,11107567,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,This game REALLY is as BAD as they say! DONT BUY IT. IT'S HORRIBLE! Buy Fall of Cybertron if you'd like a Transformers Game. It's much better!
76561198008145570,Not Recommended,245760,11402196,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Reaver,"The Game is Crap.I don't recommend the game. I have played the other 2 but this one is not going to work, no co-op and no multiplayer.I dont liked the ESCALATION mode before and now its the only option gread, waste of money game great work Activison.You Cant even customize your character just pick some Char after you unlocked them first."
76561198069629913,Not Recommended,245760,30303043,Posted: 3 March,all,BoomBoomDollar,Environment texture looks cheap and storyline is a little boring.
,Recommended,245760,30579662,Posted: 17 March,all,AlexcrewSucksAtGames,"I bought this game when it had an 80% Sale and I enjoy it thoroughly, though there are some minor problems I have with the game.Pros:-Solid gameplay. This game implements dodging, sprinting, transformation, and a vehicle charge, everything there should be in a Transformers game.-Escalation, an online co-op multiplayer in which you fight against waves of Terrorcons with allies.-Decent storyline with classic characters, though some voice actors do not reprise their roles from the original cartoon (ex. Fred Tatasciore as Megatron)-Easy level up. Almost all of the game's content is locked upon purchase, but anything (including new characters) will be obtained when opening a loot box, which is acquired when you level up.Cons:-Only one campaign. The single storyline melds both the Autobots and Decepticons into one campaign, which is confising sometimes.-Difficult bosses. Most of the time, the bosses are easy, but sometimes the game will switch it up and suddenly the next boss will be frustratingly difficult.-Predictable storyline. The short campaign is pretty predictable unless you have no knowledge of Transformers lore.Overall, I would recommend this game, but you should only buy it if it's on sale unless you really love Transformers games."
,Not Recommended,245760,10933494,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,SquidHead,"Well well, the first part ""War of Cybertron ""was stable and well made. Specially liked the co-op mode. The second part didn't have a co-op mode but was still great. But ""Rise of the Dark Spark"" is so poor. Graphic details are just simply bad, earth part makes no sence from the last part when Megatron and Prime disappeared with their ships. A Transformer Samurai speaking of honnor? Man that was just bad... really just bad!This game is way too unstable it does crash sometimes in the middle of battles back to desktop without any reasons. As well it gets stucks on loading when you activate some weapon Terminals  (only possible solution: Ctrl. + Alt + Delete). Funny thing sometimes you get a black screen just like that and you need to restart the game as well. Neither you can't Alt + Tab the game without provocing  a crash.I think the game is actually not really finished at all they require a lot of patches to fix bugs and crashes. Now I do understand that it costs money but I'm pretty sure they just rush it through to get it out on the same time as the new Transformers movie and that is exactly the reason why they ruined this game. I'm very disappointed really! I do not recommend this game to anyone for the moment! It is just a waste of money and time!"
76561198107229804,Recommended,245760,11355891,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,King Quang,Good game
,Not Recommended,245760,10808211,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LordMatter,"To anyone thinking about buying this game. I would recommend you reconsider putting your money to something else. I have just finished the campaign and felt I had to let other people know about how dissapointed I am with this game.I am one of the biggest Transformers fans. I loved the movies, G1, the movie games (which weren't the best but they were some of the first console/pc games I ever played) but most of all I loved the Cybertron games. When War for Cybertron came out I was moderately excited. When Fall of Cybertron was announced I was incredibly excited. They will always be my favourite games. When I found out that the next Transformers game was not being developed by High Moon Studios I was dissapointed but hopeful that maybe we would get a new, possibly better game. Oh how wrong I was. In the last game I actually got annoyed at High Moon for abandoning the game and ignoring the community for about a month. Please come back High Moon! I didn't mean it!Right, now where to begin with this game. Earth. Let's talk about Earth. The level design for the Earth levels is appauling. I haven't ever seen an environment made worse than Earth in this game. Oh and don't get me started on the Earth textures. Repeating, horrible, flat grass is the worst notable texture. I prefer the level design from revenge of the fallen. Give me that any day rather than this.Has anyone else noticed that whille in the vehicles weapon mode (On Earth) the vehicles fall like their have the weight of a feather? Don't know how Edge of Reality messed up there but it is annoying. I tend to stay in robot mode on Earth because of it.Cybertron on the other hand is great. Well it would be wouldn't it. All Edge of Reality have done is reuse assets and I'm fairly sure that they reused a multiplayer map from FOC.Oh god the new characters. Can they please updated the back of Bumblebee's head. It is th emost digusting design ever. The front is fine but the back is not. Oh and I don't know yet but if Stinger is the same then do it for him too please. I know they won't but it would be nice. The transformations, even from the old games look clunky. I swear they have made them like this. I can't remember the animations from FOC being this clunky.My final thing to rant about, I have not done everything but I would be writing an essay if I did, is the fact that there is no PVP multiplayer. NO mulitplayer besides the coop escalation mode from the previous game. I am annoyed greatly by this. The customization was one of my favourite things to spend time doing in the previous game.Oh actually there is one more thing. The cheesy scripting. This is by no means the voice actors fault. I love the fact that they all came back to reprise their roles from the previous game, besides Grimlock (Who had the most horrible, low resolution dino mode ever. His tail is pretty much the size of the rest of his body and gives him a fat, stupid look.).Oh no sorry, one last final thing. Whose idea was the dubstep for the main menu? It made me facepalm.Actually there is only one thing in this game that made me laugh. I was doing the first mission and a tank explodes infront of me. Not like you'd think though. There was some terrible explosion effect and the tank teleported so that it was at about it's own height off the floor before falling down and lying in a low poly mess.So yeah. Sorry that this is a lengthy review but I felt like people should be warned to consider not buying this game. I won't spoil anything for you but if you are expecting a good storyline and ending and are as excited for this game as I was, don't get your hopes up. I know for a fact that there are games with better storylines than this that cost next to nothing.I hope this helps anyone looking at this game. Remember though, it is your choice."
76561198006294624,Not Recommended,245760,10805568,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,mikeszekely,"Extremely shoddy console port.  Even without a controller, all the menu guides are Xbox buttons.  Tutorials in the first level are all Xbox button icons with the the keyboard key written after.  When something's happening that the game wants you to focus on, a prompt will come up telling you to hit the Xbox's back button (without telling you that the keyboard key is Tab, by the way).  You cannot remap keyboard bindings, either."
,Not Recommended,245760,10808594,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AustimusTron,"As a full Transformers fan since 5 years old, i can say for a fact that his game is just crap. Nothing and i mean NOTHING about this game is better than WFC and FOC. It just sucks. Just don't buy the game. In fact, don't even waste your time trying the game out. I wasted like about 5 hours of my life on this game. AND I BEAT THE GAME!But, there are some good things about the game that i liked IMO.Pros:-Awesome voice acting.-A lot of boss battles.-Play a ton of Transformers characters....Now for the bad.Cons:-The game is so glitchy that i had about 4 game breaking glitchs.-The graphics look worse than FOC.-Boss battles suck. There may be a lot of boss fights, but they feel quick and not fun.-Some drones are so overpowered it's stupid.-The story is so short. Took me about 5 hours to beat.-The AI is so dumb that you are pretty much on your own at most parts.-No freakin PvP mode.-Escalation has really bad FPS.-Cutscene graphics are even worse than the gameplay graphics.-(This is just my opinion.) They even try to add some ""funny"" parts into the game. But it's just stupid. In fact, it's funny how bad the funny parts are in this game.-The game costs $49.99So if you are a full Transformers fan like me, then you will understand why this game sucks. BUT. If you are able to look past these cons then i guess it's the game for you. Other than that, Just go back to FOC."
76561197961483694,Not Recommended,245760,10788884,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jaye,"This product should not exist. But, it should also not be ignored.What you have here is a unique blending of the War for Cybertron franchise with the Michael Bay movie-verse. The very first mission has you on Earth. The next 8 have you on Cybertron in a time period that lies between WoC and FoC. And these 8 chapters are where the game shines. You have a good story in there, something that fits very nicely as a bridge between the last two games. Plenty of nods to various G1, WFC, IDW, and Bay-verse lore.Great use of new and returning characters, but, you'll see a lot of re-use of audio assets and models from FoC as you go along. Speaking of audio, the pre-rendered cutscenes sound far, far quieter than the gameplay so the transition is a bit jarring. The voice acting is on-par with the previous games though I must note that Steve Blum seems to be playing what sounds like at least 5 roles and sometimes you'll hear Shockwave sounding like Starscream, or someone else sounding like a background solider. Oddly off-game for the voice-acting giant.Graphically, it feels like a step down. Textures seem oddly washed out in some areas and on some characters. The Earth-forms for the Autobots look a lot more detailed and finished than their Cybertronian counterparts.Gameplay is not very far removed from FoC. Each 'bot has a special power: Drift has a ninja dash attack, Optimus has a shield, etc. These, along with deployable items and weapon upgrades you now get from completing challenges, do help spice things up and keep things interesting. Though now there's a heavy focus on clearing out waves of enemies to progress. A significant bulk of the game is like this, moreso than the previous titles combined. It gets old after awhile.Boss fights have returned. Sort of. Nothing like the boss fights in WFC, they're now handled like you're fighting AI in the old FOC multiplayer. Not bad, but not great.While I totally enjoyed the on-Cybertron parts of the game, as they felt like a proper WFC title, the on-Earth portions are extremely lackluster. Bland environments, boring level design. Maybe I'm spoiled on the alien nature of Cybertron, or just bored of Earth, but they just don't feel as fun.Truthfully, it feels like they smashed two seperate games together: A prequel to Fall of Cybertron with an Age of Extinction tie-in title. There's a real sense of discontinuity between the two. You can see the seams. It feels like a last-second change of direction in order to salvage two titles. I have no idea if any of that is what actually happened, but I'd sure like to know.Overall, it's a good WFC weighed down by the addition of movie tie-in fluff. I can't recommend picking this title up unless you're a die-hard WFC fan, because the WFC stuff is great! And then you've got the Bay-verse stuff... eh. If you've gotta get it, wait for a sale.EDIT: I wrote this review once I got through the WFC chapters. Now that I'm near the end of the game, I have to note for the record that at least 3 of the Earth chapters take place IN THE SAME LEVEL."
,Recommended,245760,10843057,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Kazidgeridoo,"This game is pretty good. I have played every single console Transformers game (except for Prime), and using that, I can say that compared to them, this game is average. The graphics are great, the campaign seems pretty good so far, and the Escalation multiplayer is fun. However, it has no competitive multiplayer. This was a big down point for me, because FoC multiplayer was one of the best multiplayer experiences i have ever had. The escalation does its best to fill that gap, but it doesn't replace it. Another big thing: The developers didn't seem to spend much time porting the game from consoles to PC. I say this because the on-screen controls require you to click the 'A' button usually seen on console games at the bottom of the screen. This makes the controls feel clunky.Pros:-Good campaign-Good graphics-Weapon upgrade system seems robust-Escalation is funCons:-No competitive multiplayer-Clunky controls in menus-Reused assets from FoC (I guess that is a good thing, really, since they were so good)Should you buy it? That depends. If you played the previous Transformers games for the campaign, pick this one up. Obviously, don't get it if you wanted competitive multiplayer. Overall, I give this game three stars, which is why I reccomend it."
76561198078016993,Not Recommended,245760,10800175,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Teutonic Warrior,"Buyer Beware after starting the campaign and going through the first cutseen game instanly crashes. DO NOT BUY I REPEAT DO NOT BUY!I would have been fine with all the downsides of this game if I could actually play it but I can't, and it ain't just me read the damn fourms they are full of people with the same problem.THE DEVS STOLE MY MONEY GOD DAMMIT!"
,Not Recommended,245760,10781411,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Your Watermelon,"I've played almost all of the transformers games and i'm not very proud to say that because the games are not all that great FoC was the best in my opinion (Owned it on xbox) , it was alright.Now i'm not going to say it's a complete waste of money because I had some good moments in it (Rise of the Dark Spark).If you are in to the series then get it BUT only and i mean ONLY get it if it's around 15 to 20$ , 50$ is wayyyyy to overpriced.I only noticed horrible unloaded textures on Earth but on Cybertron the game was fine and was almost something to enjoy until i thought about how they put virtually no time into it at all.Please learn from this Activision choose someone that is actually going to make an amazing game and make people go wow the series actually isnt lost forever!!! I pre-purchased Rise of the Dark Spark and i regret every one of those 50$ dollars spent on this game stay away from it."
,Recommended,245760,21709837,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Alexlole,VERY GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,245760,30863315,Posted: 31 March,all,Carlos Magno,"Used to play it, nobody played after launch, no SA servers, really sad."
76561198078585596,Not Recommended,245760,30136698,Posted: 24 February,all,Mr Fox,"You know you're a terrible game company when you have to lift almost 80% of your assets from a better game, and you still manage to f@#$ up the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,245760,10960895,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,renderb,"This is the 3rd game in a series that started with the surprisingly good Traonsformers: War for Cybertron.There is some rather poor level design at times with Invisible walls all over the place, and objects you just can't jump over. Most obstacles are there, so that enemies can take cover. Something you still haven't learned to do yourself. (You can stand behind walls etc, but you cannot actively get into cover.)The locked camera is a bit on the close side. Even for a 3rd person shooter things feel a tad claustrophobic at times. The game also plays silly buggers with scale.The lock/gear box system makes exploring far less tempting.There are still audio logs, but more than once I had one spawn only after a certain event. You won't be finding any blueprints, since all weapon upgrades/unlocks now are random drops from said boxes. (With a very high duplicate ratio) The same goes for unlocking characters, skins, and consumables.You get these gear boxes by levelling up via XP, and completing challenges. You can increase gained experience points with consumable temporary multiplier items, or applying a “hack”. These range from enemies that explode upon death to removing the game HUD.Unlike previous games this does not seem to allow setting classic skins in the campaign, so you are stuck with the film stuff.The story could have gotten interesting, but sadly never actually goes anywhere. Most of the game takes place in the past. There are no bridging events with the present. The story from the last game isn't expanded. Instead quite a few things are changed in a very poor attempt at cramming the film universe in.This results in large gaps/changes without an explanation: Why are we fighting cybertronian Mercenaries, and where did they come from? Where are the decepticons? Why are there no soldiers even inside high security military bases?Rise of the dark spark screams sequel, but doesn't quite go for that good old “To be continued” text at the end.Rise of the dark spark is also the shortest game in the series. Total game time clocked in steam is a very meagre 6 hours for completing the campaign. That includes a lot of idle time for coffee breaks, calls of nature, dinners, and so on.The gun play is more or less identical to Fall of Cybertron. I had some issues with triggers: Interacting with a certain object, or helping an npc would require wiggling my character around before the prompt showed up. I also died a few times by falling/clipping through the level.All in all this is by far the weakest game in this series. It feels rushed, and lacks any passion. Some segments feel like they have been poorly copied from earlier installments. Certainly avoid it at the current price. Even if you are a major fan wait until it is a fiver at most.On a more personal note: The changes made to Grimlock are a bloody waste. The character no longer speaks, but just roars/groans. For some obscure reason he has been made a good chunk larger (Actually so has Bumblebee), and they replaced his sword with a glorified club. Now he is nothing more than a overgrown mute brute without any personality what so ever.These new designs look wrong to me. Even the T Rex form doesn't actually impose. It has a faux organic look that just detracts from the overall robot aesthetic. Same goes for the new robots forms. With the old models you could clearly see what vehicle each of them transformed into. There was some “logic” to the designs that these new ones miss.Hey Optimus: Where did your trailer go anyway?"
,Not Recommended,245760,10800680,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mysterion,"game is fun at the beginning but only the beginning, i was waiting for this game, but sadly their isn't PVP which is the 1st compoent in games, there is only 4 man coop which isn't even challenging :/ dissapotment"
,Recommended,245760,29492851,Posted: 25 January,all,SirKaitos,"I know this game is considered really bad and don't get me wrong (It is) but there's just something about this game that makes me belive that somewhere under the rubble of filth that is this super broken game is something that could've been a good game. One thing I noticed is that the people who developed Loadout, developed this so there's a good game somewhere.What do I think of it?!It's alright. Not as broken as I thought it would be. The game is locked at 30fps but I swear that in some sections, It ran at 60fps. must've been me though.The missing sound glitch (I guess) was pretty strange but I didn't mind all that much. The game is playable but not withought the flaws that every reveiw has said about this game.Yeah, what the hell, I'll reccomend it but only at a price drop. It's not worth the $49.99. It's just too broken for that price."
76561198365231792,Not Recommended,245760,31944933,Posted: 24 May,all,tamjida24,It crashes a lot
,Not Recommended,245760,10810348,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,| Slade |,"Game is fun, really short i beat the game in 5 hours. I was expecting the same customization as the other games in the series... but was dissappointed. there is no PVP multiplayer, just a basic rip off of gears of war style horde. dont buy it wait till its like 2 dollars in 3 months."
,Recommended,245760,10984629,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jacozard,"I LIKE IT.I don't understand why there is such a witchhunt going on about this game, I haven't finished my playthrough yet, but i am really enjoying the game, no major bugs (lucky me i guess). I tried the multiplayer, connected just fine, found a match real quick and had a lot of fun.The graphics are fine, some of the cutscenes are unpolished, but in general the game is nice too look at.The audio is oke, voices are soft in comparisson to the enviroment sound wich is annoying sometimes.The storyline is more then adequate, it kept me interested and wanting too play more to see what happens next.I LIKE ITFlame on"
76561197995816364,Recommended,245760,14588772,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Dargok,"The story is decent, it gets kind of confusing at parts and was a little difficult to keep straight. The gameplay was very similar to the previous games in the series which is good. There were a few bugs with the game but overall an enjoyable experience.There are some new mechanics with the power-ups and the weapons. You no longer buy them with the money that you get from killing people, you unlock weapons by killing a certain number of enemies and get locked boxes that have a large variety of items in them. You can unlock characters for the mulitplayer this way and get other assorted items. The extra items are ""hacks"" which can basically be challenges (like you dont regenerate shields) but they all have bonuses and an addition extra experience bonus. It is quite different in this regard from the other two games in the series, but this is about the only way it is different (which is a good thing).The most annoying things about the game are that it only lasted 5 hours for a $50 game, the audio was not balanced at all, and that the interface almost always only displays the buttons for console controllers instead of keyboards even though there isn't one plugged in.The best thing about the game is the variety of characters you get to play and interact with.Story:------------ 7/10Gameplay:------- 8/10Completion time: 5/10Overall:---------- 6/10I recommend this game only if it is cheaper than the initial $49 tag and if you enjoyed the other games in the series."
,Not Recommended,245760,20271488,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,He Who Has Not Been Named,"There is a bug that crashes the game when you try to play the campaign or the escalation (multiplayer) modes.  And one top of that, only a few peaple get this problem.  I was lucky enough to play at times when it doesn't crash but it does get annoying every time it happens.I do not recommend getting this game until they finally decide to fix this bug."
,Not Recommended,245760,30016844,Posted: 18 February,all,RedMask,I didn't found anyone to play with in the online mode
76561198073622283,Not Recommended,245760,12181332,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Trainer,I purchased this game and can't use it. It crashes every time I try to start CAMPAIGN.  Very disappointed.
76561198085393102,Not Recommended,245760,11885526,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Smokescreen,Even before this game was out i predicted it'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥. Guess i was right . In  the name of all that is holly dont buy this half baked  monstrosity . Pirate it and if your a hardcore fan who hasnt played the divine goodness of the previous games then by all means buy it .
76561197970979065,Not Recommended,245760,11844768,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Midnight God,"Having just finished Rise, I have to say I was struck by how amazingly LAZY the writers of this game were. They have an amazing engine from Fall of Cybertron. They have a bunch of engaging characters. They do nothing new with either of them, and they kind of don't do a lot of the good old stuff either.The level design is at best generic, and does nothing to highlight the character you're playing. In FOC if you had a cloaking device, you knew it was a stealth level. If you had a grappling hook, the achievement for the level wasn't ""Use the grappling hook as little as possible"". The levels are all slightly different variations of run and gun. There's not even much of an incentive to transform, save that it gives you access to a missile launcher.The writing is lazy, at best. Ok, so we get to see Shockwave hooking up with the insecticons. Woo. But the game would almost write itself if they just thought about it. Trypticon just crashed? Ok, why not explain why he was under Autobot guard in FOC? Drift is even in this game? Why not drop some deeper hints about why he defected, maybe play a level with him as a Decepticon on Cybertron. And why not explain WHAT THE **** Grimlock is even doing anywhere?In short, this game trys to shoe horn itself into the FOC cannon, and cash in on Transformers 4. It fails at both. You should not pay more than about $10 US for this game. It's good for about 6 hours."
76561198002785623,Not Recommended,245760,11832116,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,FλrlOw,"Its great for a bit of a throwback to the fall of cybertron, a highly underrated game, but they havent made any improvements to matchmaking, game options etc. The rewards system on it is annoying, takes forever to open box after box, but if you dont open them, you dont get upgrades or more transformers..... The ai isnt great, they shout the same words over and over again. There is no longer pvp, only a complete re hash of escalation (as mentioned before, no further options, so you only get the limited waves again...), so you cant create your own transformer anymore.All in all Id give it a rating somewhat like the film.... good for a laugh, doesnt stand out, no way worth the asking price.Go spend your money on something better, and hope that they trash this game, and build it back up again better, it has the potential to be so much more."
,Recommended,245760,16340782,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ledge,"It's an ok game (i love it cause it's transformers but it doesn't feel special like the previous games). Anyway, i was let down in various aspect, the fact that they didn't add multiplayer for example, there's only co-op and there's nobody on there. The customisation for co-op was very limited too, in previous games you could use various parts of different characters to make your own transformer, now there's no such thing.Anyway, up to the campaign:I like the fact that they added certain ""level boosts"" (tech) that makes gameplay somewhat harded but gives you extra xp in return, it makes it more challenging. Now, the story that took place on Cybertron looked fine to me, just as in previous games, but the part where they landed on earth just somehow didn't look right to me, there's something wrong with the textures which also makes it feel like they just threw this game out there just so it was out, it feels like there didn't go allot of effort into it.So in the end i got let down in various parts but still think it's worth to play this game, it's a lesser one in the franchise and i hope the next one will be better."
76561198163364273,Not Recommended,245760,16606729,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mistress Jane,"This game is great, if there people play escalation! I wasted my money for nothing because I wanted to play online with people!"
76561198066250887,Not Recommended,245760,11041358,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,[HAN]Prof.Fr@knstin,"It's a good DLC, but not a good game."
76561198076712683,Recommended,245760,11252106,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,majorface101,"I will recommend this game to anyone that loves Transformers. There is no bugs (that happened to me). All the cutscenes look great. All the characters look great as well. Gameplay is great. I do not see any problem with Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark at all. Also, Drift is a samurai, what are samurais about, honor, so obviously he is going to talk about honor. All the characters sound great too."
76561198015974987,Not Recommended,245760,11007363,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Prawnlord,"What a total pile of s@#t! I feel pretty angry I spent £30 on this game however I can probably get over that, I won't get over the fact that I spent an hour of my life on this though!!!!If this game was free to play I would have stopped playing during the tutorial and never looked back, the only reason I managed an hour of playtime is I wanted to get my money’s worth and kept praying it would get better as time went on, it really really doesn’t people :(This has to be the nastiest, clunkiest and all round worst console port I’ve ever played. Ok maybe it was actually just made for the xbox and the PC version was a rubbish after though to make a few more ££, but the game play is awful too. I was looking forward to Transforming but that stinks, the storey is unintelligible and the combat sucks, oh and the music too but otherwise its pure genius.My rating 2/10 buyer beware. Sadly only after I bought this crap did I see most games press gave it a 3/10"
,Not Recommended,245760,18704761,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Gundam Karn,Fails to continue at the begining and randomly kicks me off
76561198054831486,Not Recommended,245760,16538741,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Father_America,Why does it keep on freezing in the beginning?
76561198202665904,Recommended,245760,15655849,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Goodnight Robicheaux,"It's a nice game, but difinitely not worth the original price of USD49.99, I would recommend waiting for a sale or something (I waited till a 67% cut and bought it).The game is quite fun and challenging (as a leisure gamer), with movie-design and old school-design of charcters mixed together, I have to say I enjoy the gme very much."
76561198069888578,Not Recommended,245760,11096039,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Roc-Mon,Not worth the price.. Should have sold for 9.99!!! I hope they come out with a sequel to this. That is the only way to make up for this disappointment!
76561198291263755,Recommended,245760,23897928,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,superprime117,this game is really fun buy it the story is good boss fights are awsome escalation is good its much easier i can complete all 15 waves alone there are also boss fights in escalation the only bad part is you can just choose what weapon you want and you dont really have to buy anny ammo and guns and energon and there is no multiplayer but other than that i really recommend it
76561198128023556,Recommended,245760,14513249,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,OrcuS,"I really like the feature, that you just gets right into the story, and then you get the backstory from Cybertron, but im a little sad about the multiplayer. In Rise of the Dark Spark, they just got Escalation. It is very fun, but i really like multiplayer categories like team deathmatch and free-for-all deathmatch, otherwise, it is a great game, i really enjoyed the game."
,Recommended,245760,23898959,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,vandermarkt,"While many people say the game is bad, I personally enjoyed it a lot. The only complaint is that nobody ever is online at Escalation mode, but I can probably find people online on forums.I really enjoy playing the story line because to me there is enough diversity in characters, even though most are directly imported from Fall of Cybertron. I think the game has some parts to improve, but it doesn't make the game bad in my opinion.I would recommend it to people, but maybe better when it's on sale."
76561198067253350,Not Recommended,245760,16165422,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,ceutermark,Do not buy this game it is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I pre-ordered this game and then found out that it won't even play on my computer.
76561198035868027,Not Recommended,245760,15524745,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Momotarosu,"Terrible, boring, unimaginative.  Nothing will be as good as the ROTF game.  Just a quick cash-grab using high moon's terrible assets and gameplay mechanics"
76561198053493827,Not Recommended,245760,13095507,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,PurpurBear,"Felt buggy, sometimes i didn't know if i was expected to go certain ways that i came across. Finished fast? Small missions. Not a really epic fight as it was in the 2nd game end. Felt really like the pc version was a fast addon to the game. Couldn't you have taken the time to atleast remove the xbox controlls for it in pc version? When you play you want to get the feeling of you are a big bad♥♥♥♥♥robot doing awesome things....Just didn't get the the right feeling in this game. Sorry"
76561198052774756,Recommended,245760,11056063,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,YourReclusiveNeighborhoodGamer,I disliked the speed of changing and boosting.  In TFC it was comparably faster and more responsive.
,Recommended,245760,11086169,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,MingZ,IF you like Transformers and when it is at $20 or less than this game is for you. Else stay away
76561198139092080,Not Recommended,245760,13175735,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Smackin' Kraken,Game does not play. When clicking Play I get a screen that says preparing to launch and then it goes away. The game never even attempts to start. I've gone through all of the steps in support. Going to get a refund.
76561197995671147,Not Recommended,245760,18429771,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,antecave,"ugly, sloppy, confusing inventory. Play the two other games instead they were good."
76561198100197632,Not Recommended,245760,17935605,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Gundam 00,"the game's stroy sucked, gameplay wasn't fun in stroy mode, hord mode was the only thing u could do in this game 4/10 it just needs a better story and gameplay for it to work with out it beening connected to the worst of the 4 transformers movies."
76561198040960806,Recommended,245760,29253074,Posted: 14 January,all,Brodeze,"Ok so I purchased this game during the christmas sale and I put a lot of offline hours it. I enjoyed the campaign mode, the story kept me interested until the very end of the game. The game feels just like the previous transformer games and the graphics aren't a problem to me. I don't know what the other reviewers are crying about but I like that they added in all the characters including the ones from the older games. Now I do understand about not having versus mode, the versus mode is what made this game popular but still I enjoyed the game and I'd recommend all transformer fans to check this game out."
,Recommended,245760,28640175,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,OriginalVin,"Enjoyable and solid; Edge of Reality takes over for High Moon Studios and somehow had to wedge a movie tie-in into the third Cybertron game in time for Age of Extinction's release in theaters, and they generally pulled off a minor miracle pumping out a game as good as this is.In a lot of ways, it plays better than War for Cybertron, borrowing design instead from Fall of Cybertron (every chapter focuses on a diferent 'Former, levels are built around unique character abilities to provide a varied campaign, and the story bounces between Autobot and Decepticon viewpoints), and while it has some inspired sections, it ultimately is never AS inspired as that game. A solid B effort compared to FoC's A, though. The Earth/Movie designs for the Transformers come in largely to bookend the adventure on Cybertron, and offer a nice dose of visual variety, though the environments can get super drab and are largely terribly proportioned. I actually would forget I'm a giant robot until spotting the occasional prop like a staircase that WAS actually way too small. Still, getting to leave Cybertron and play as Michael Bay's Drift, Bumblebee, Optimus and Grimlock for some stages is definitely a plus. The Age of Extinction Grimlock, in particular, is badass.Not the best game in the Cybertron series, but definitely not the worst. Overall, a solid effort that will make fans of the previous games quite happy. Pick it up during a sale though, because anything more than $25 isn't worth it. Activision makes some great “middle tier” games (just look at their titles from Platinum), but damn if they never price them correctly – not everything warrants a $50 price tag. Sheesh."
76561198060400022,Recommended,245760,13718809,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kyntar,"Great game with alot of action. When playing stages where the story take place on earth, I did'nt think the game story was as good. The voice over for Drift was awful. Final boss wasnt very challenging. Did'nt stand up as good as the previous 2 titles, but good enoungh for most fans."
,Recommended,245760,13849881,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheOfficialBTD,"Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark. The game that when announced, had people some what hyped. Then they released the trailer and then we all saw that High Mood Studios was not in any way involved with the development or design of this product.Like many others, I was disapointed knowing that High Mood Studios wasn't involed but I didn't completely give up. I'm a big Transformers fan and I wanted to give this game a chance despite the amount of flak this game got before release. Lets lay a fact down. This game was designed and developed because of the move Transformers: Age of Extingtion, that being said, I personally feel that the reason why anyone even considered to buy this game was because they tied in the Cybertron games. Personally I don't like the movies, the Cybertron games told the story of what actually happened whilst the movies just took the characters we love and made it's own plot of what didn't happen to them all those years ago in the comic issues. Thats why I was unconfortable with the development team of this game (Edge of Reality) mixing the two together.This review so far hasn't made this game look very good, so why have I rated this a possitive? The Escalation mode in this game I feel is done better than both War for Cybertron and Fall of Cybertron because of the amount of variaty you get with your own decisions. In both war and fall, certain maps had certian characters for that spacific map, a total of four characters all together to choose from. Each character that you could choose from had it's own role whether that be a medic, support, tank or turret type class, it was either that or nothing. What happens if someone chooses the Transformer you wanted to be? Tough, better luck next time. In Rise of the Dark Spark how ever, you can prepare all of this that suits you best before you even search for a  game. You can choose any Transformer you like, wth any gun, any ability in any map. Some people may argue that this takes away the team work aspect. Personally, I feel that it actually adds more a team work aspect. Rather than being given the role that could potentially keep you alive, you have to work as a team and communicate even more to see how each players abilities can be benificial to your success on beating the final wave, 15.As just said, wave 15 is the last wave of enimies you get to as well as facing off against either Optimus Prime or Megatron. If you're in an Earth map, you will be fighting Earth Optimus. If in a Cybertron map you'll be up against Cybertron Optimus and honestly, there is not a better feeling in this game than playing as the mighty Megatron and fighting off against Optimus Prime in the final wave, it gives you a great feeling and is very rewarding when you defeat him.If you have a computer capable enough on maxing this game out in terms of graphical textures etc, this game looks visually stunning. Well, most of it at least. The earth maps are designed poorly in my opnion but the cybertron maps are perfect. It's not all doom and gloom as the cybertron maps do brighten up which is great especially on a high end computer. Stunning visuals and graphics may be amazing, but it's unfortunate that I can't say that about the games plot.Most of the time you're on cybertron which is the only reason why I stayed interested, as soon as I got to earth, I pretty much gave up as it was simply not interesting. The time frame between cybertron in this game and the other two cybetron games are completly out of perportion. SPOILER ALERT. Near the Start of Transformers: Fall of Cybertron, Megatron is detroyed by Metroplex causing Megatron to be rebult and have an entirly new body later in the game. If Rise of the Dark Spark is set After War for Cybertron and before the events of Fall of Cybertron, then surely Megatron should still be his original self rather than in his new body as the events of Metroplex defeting him hasn't happened yet. There are more examples but i'm sure you get the idea.PvP multiplayer has been removed which means that besides playing the campaign again, you only have one game mode left to enjoy. I can't say much on why the multiplayer was not added into this game as I simply don't know.The fact that I find the Escalation mode in this game to be absolutley brilliant is the reason to why i'm giving this game a high positive. It really isn't the same Escalation as the other two games and just feels perfect when it comes to controls and playing. It really does make this game worth the try. Do I feel that this game is worth £29.99? No. I'd say wait for this game to be on sale for at least £15 or lower as you're really going to enjoy one mode that this game has to offer. I hope this review helps you make your decision on whether this game is for you or not.Thanks for reading."
76561198129048221,Not Recommended,245760,20438569,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MechaMetalGamer,"This game has its moments i wouldn't recommend this unless your a Transformers fan, in any case you would probaly have bought this regaurdless. not as good as WfC and nowhere near as good as FoCPretty average 3rd person shooter, no big speacial moments, horrible story started off strong then just dies, even manages to ♥♥♥♥ up playing as grimlock.Some replayability in the form of challenges during each mission which are quite fun and hard to get.was disapointing"
76561198047384882,Recommended,245760,30040008,Posted: 19 February,all,Penitenziagite,"While not the greatest game on earth, it's also not the worst ever - as some reviews make it out to be. Decent entertainment for a sunday afternoon (i.e. it's pretty short)."
76561198030919499,Not Recommended,245760,29043836,Posted: 5 January,all,FrankReynolds,meh
,Recommended,245760,10815928,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,thezorch,"This is the Arkham Origins of the Cybertron franchise of Transformers games. Activision pegged Edge of Reality with the job of developing this game rather than High Moon Studios, and it shows. The game is rough, but its not aweful. The polish and quality you expect from this franchise isn't there, but its not so bad that the game is unplayable.The leveling and item unlock system is pretty good. There are difficulty spikes at times, with enemies able to zero in on you with perfect aim. Like in Fall of Cybertron its best to fight from cover. T:RothDS is a thinly veiled movie tie in, but as I said its not a total disaster like most movie tie in games. I'm hoping High Moon will be allowed to make another game in this franchise.If you're a fan of the franchise I say get it. The game's visuals are hit or miss at times but the gameplay we've come to expect from the Cybertron franchise is indeed here. Peter Cullen and the rest of the voice cast has made a return. Edge of Reality (developer of Loadout) made a good effort. As I said, this is to the Cybertron series what Arkham Origins was to the Arkham series. Not the best, but could have been much worse."
76561197986998366,Not Recommended,245760,33310267,Posted: 6 July,all,slipknotron1626,"I BOUGHT THIS GAME DURING THE SUMMER SALE. MY SON LOVES TRANSFORMERS SO HE DOESNT CARE MUCH FOR STORY, HE THOUGHT THE GAMEPLAY WAS FUN. THE ONLY ISSUE WAS THE GAME KEPT CRASHING AND WE HAD TO REBOOT THE PC 4 DIFFERENT TIMES IN THE COUPLE OF HOURS HE PUT INTO THE GAME. IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A TRANSFORMER GAME LOOK ESLE WERE. FALL AND WAR FOR CYBERTRON RUN GREAT AND EVEN DEVISTATION IS A BLAST."
76561198071618447,Recommended,245760,11019649,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Officer Sheriff Purple,I would 100% recomend this game to anyone who is a fan of transformers to me it's one of their best games yet exept for fall and war for cybertron those were good as well.
76561198096221817,Recommended,245760,11509701,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,sandrarexhaj,this is cool i unlocked g1 optimus prime from a silver gear box
,Recommended,245760,11351172,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Виталий<3,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7i3gppFi98Honor to the END
76561197988341157,Recommended,245760,14707146,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,j.woerlee1,It plays just like the previous games so gameplay wise its solid the story isn't real spectacular. the hate it's get is undeserved. overall it's an good game 7/10
76561197999553433,Recommended,245760,10963279,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mangopwr,Not as good as the first 2 Cybertron games but still a great game. The character roster is not bad and there is a visual enhancement that is noticeable with things like shading and lighting. Better plot than the 4th movie considering its taking some design from the Bay-films. Suggesting to play the game if you like Transformers and played the previous games.
76561198052484542,Recommended,245760,11174784,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,kynelth_2,very enjoyable from my perspectiveso its very well done i didnt notice a single bug or glitch so its awesome!
,Not Recommended,245760,14233779,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Jearbear,"As an ardent fan of both the Transformers universe and the ""of Cybertron"" games, this game was a huge, though not to unexpected disappointment. The game was handed off to smaller studio that mostly just recycle game elements from the previous game in addition to adding some really poorly designed and skinned levels containing the terrible Micheal Bay movieverse Transformers. The terrible and forced meshing of these game universes aside, the gameplay was just a clunkier  less responsive and often times buggy version of the Fall of Cybertron game. Sometimes I would just be unable to switch weapons or fire, or my dash would happen in the wrong direction, or my special ability fail to activate.Additionally this game removes any and all purpose to transforming into your vehicle form for all but two levels where you can transform into a jet and the level mandates the use of the Z axis. The remaining levels have no reason for your character to ever enter vehicle mode, something I commonly swapped in and out of in the previous games. The lack of need came from there being mostly tight corridors of same seeming hallways leading you inevitably in a straight line into your ultimate direction, and the extreme surpluss of ammo packs, rendering your vehicle form weapons completely useless as you can just spam away your primary weapon without ever worrying about depleting your ammunition.All in all this game is a buggy pile of slag that borrowed elements from previous games and mainly came out as a way to make money off of the release of the 4th installment of the Micheal Bay Transormers triology, Age of Extinction.  Though this game is not quite as bad as that movie, it's certainly a huge step down from Fall of Cybertron, and possibly even below that of War of Cybertron considering they just made a worse version of a previous product. Unless you can get the game on sale, which I did, this game is certainly not worth playing. Thankfully it's short and the severe lack of collectables make it a quick blowthrough to extract a little transformative joy out from a sea of slag.Overall Rating: 2/10"
,Not Recommended,245760,15848718,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,kokpuncher,Stunningly boring.
76561198091634203,Recommended,245760,12120018,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Kirnox,I found the campaign not very interesting which makes this part of the game bad. They could of completely did without the bayformers. I did however find the new escalation to be very fun with a few minor downfalls. I love the tons of characters you can select from and its not like Fall where your on edge of your seat to pick the character you want. One downside is the gear boxes i think they should have set it to once you learn all the characters they stop popping up in gear boxes. It makes it take so long to open them to the point where i dont even open them anymore until i get low on tech. I was really hoping they would bring back coop for campaign and the no multiplayer pvp sucks. So all in all if your in it for escalation then i say good game other than that nice try edge of reality but your no high moon. Hopefully this is not the last transformer game i would love to have one thats based in the begining of the war for cybertron and not the end like the first 2 games.
76561198071090144,Recommended,245760,10968947,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Emerje,"So this is what changing gears looks like. It's pretty obvious that Rise of the Dark Spark was meant to be an entirely different game until someone higher up the Activision food chain decided they couldn't have to TF games competing against each other so they had better find a way to blend them together. Here's the thing, The Cybertron game series isn't part of the same Transformers universe as the movies, it's not even part of the same universe as Generation One. Nope, Cybertron is actually part of the Aligned Universe which includes the Transformers Prime cartoon series. Activision, of course, is aware of this, but hey, it's a movie year, time to get out the shoehorn.I like to think that the original plan for this game was for the Earth portions to actually take contain characters from the Prime series which would go a long way to explain why the environments look so simple, much like the on the CG cartoon. Reskin the characters, replace Lockdown with Megatron, adjust the dialogue a bit and add a few Decepticon Earth missions (since there technically are no Decepticons in Age of Extinction) to even out the Cybertron and Earth missions and we would probably have had a much better game.During development it was implied that the game doesn't take place in a single universe, but crosses dimensions. When Optimus speaks of the Dark Spark at the end of the first mission it's likely he's talking about an unrevealed past from the movie universe while the story that takes place on Cybertron stands alone. This is supported by the end of the game where Lockdown talks about the Dark Spark being capable of time travel (and likely interdimensional travel as well) and then the scene where G1 Optimus Prime appearing on Earth as the Dark Spark rockets across the sky. If they wanted to make Transformers Multiverse game in the future (with lots of polish) where characters from multiple universes come together to fight over the Dark Spark I would love to play it.As it stands the game isn't aweful. The Cybertron portion is as much fun to play as the previous games and works pretty well squeezed in between them. it's unfortunate that you only get eight Cybertron missions, but they're solid, if not a little bit recycled. Then again, War for Cybertron only had 10 missions so the gap isn't that bad and they can be played stand alone once you get past the first mission. The Earth missions are not so great. Graphics aside, there's really nothing realistic about the above ground settings as they look unlike any city on earth. Below ground it's a lot of long, twisting pathways with no rhyme or reason. On an alien planet it's easy to suspend belief, but on Earth it's not a lot better than any of those early 90s FPS game. There's a few glitches throughout the game where you make it to your destination and nothing happens. Restarting the mission usually fixes it, but it's still frustrating. One of the really ridiculous things about the game is trying to figure out where the Earth portion takes place. There's only a very small window between the Dinobots arrival and Lockdown's deveat that this could take place during which would mean a major pause in the action and the disapearance of the other Autobots. Plus at one point you see Stinger with Lockdown and they aren't even on the same side in the movie.As an overall game it's a B-. If they had just stock to the Cybertron stuff and didn't shove the movie stuff in there it would have been so much better. If they hadn't rushed it out to be released with the movie it probably wouldn't have suffered nearly as much in the bugs and graphics. Unfortunately this is the game we got. While I don't hate it I can't say I'm entirely satisfied either."
76561198069520084,Recommended,245760,10989697,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Vic the Butcher,"The first mission looks a little dry and out of place, but the rest of the missions look like a better version of the previous games. The gameplay is right on par with the previous ones with perhaps a few new weapons (its been awhile since iv'e played fall of cybertron), the new abilities are really fun and add variety to each mission. The cutscenes could be better but they do well enough. People are complaining a lot about this game but I'm completely happy with it, its a different development team so you can't expect it to be exactly the same as the others, Iv'e also read the complaints about the story, the story is fine it bridges the two universes well enough as long as you know enough about both of them. I have already recommended this game to people and will continue to, If you are a fan of transformers in any way you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,245760,13631411,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[SBS] Pental the Head Wyzord,Okay this game is great but my only complant is you really need a controlar for it but good.
,Not Recommended,245760,18589297,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,???,"Well...It's an amazing game with the campaign but for escalation... i hope was something better than this. If soon they change the escalation with something like... an openworld or a trial mode when you can try all autobots, decepticons and weapons.And no dlc for weapons and bot"
,Not Recommended,245760,25403773,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Fewt,"It's just a really mediocre game. It lacks all of the depth the previous games delivered, has a crummy story line, and well it's simply boring.  I played it all the way to the end hoping it would get better until I reached Lockdown and realized it was the end of the game.Mindless AI, the characters in the second half of the game were lacking, and overall I just slept through it."
,Recommended,245760,21286634,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Matto is a Skeleton,"I mean... It's alright? It's definately not as good as War for Cybertron, or Fall of Cybertron, but at least it's playable. Wait for sales if u want this game. Not worth the 50 bucks."
76561198032427421,Recommended,245760,20662638,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jonkheer van Bemelmans,its a fun game to play only problem singel player is to short
,Not Recommended,245760,28836149,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,yo whens mahvel,"i forgot to come back and review this game after i did a couple years agodon't buy this, it's absolute garbage and an insult to both the transformers franchise and the transformers cybertron series"
,Not Recommended,245760,10772023,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grand Captain Speedy Dash,At the Moment it seems that a lot of people who bought the game are not able to play the game without it crashing before movement is even possible so I would suggest not to get this game
76561198059393238,Recommended,245760,10843994,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Cybersterk,AWESOME!
,Recommended,245760,12407024,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,30SecondHero,"(Sigh)So this game really surprised me, and it wasn't because of the movie aspects tied into the Cybertron world. Seriously, I felt like they were on a journey all about the samurai Autobot... I couldn't care for his redemption story, I wanted a solid story about Autobots versus Decepticons. And the whole Lockdown movie... well you know what? The only fun I had was when the game shifted into the Cybertron world.Also, the campaign does run at a smooth 60 frames per second Locked, but that is actually what I expected for the PC port. I was very responsive and fluid, and I truly enjoyed the controls.BUT... (sigh)The Multiplayer isn't what we would consider multiplaying... Its more like a horde mode where you pick a side and have waves of Autobot/Decepticon come at you while picking from uncustomizable avatars. You can't build your own Transformer like the previous titles from High Moon Studios (WTF, where were they when this was getting made...?)Most noticeable, is that the PC multiplayer is fixed to an astounding 30 frames per second!!Now wait, wait, don't thumb me down, let me explain. PC isn't console, and its architech is different; it can handle more load and more graphical demands. If you give me 60 frames per second during the campaign, which is more demanding due to voice overs, graphical demands and musical tracks, why can't I get the same thing in multiplayer? I would think that we would benefit from a higher fps due to competition.I still would recommend this game, but only because after the lame intro campaign and you get on Cybertron. After that, its back to the movie aspect which is basically a cut a paste. The multiplayer aspect is bleh, because of the locking of frames, you won't find the fluid gameplay that you want on PC. I also found it funny how right after the community wasn't heard about this game's locked multiplayer frame, Fall of Cybertron multiplayer had an abundance of activities and I literally played for the next 10 hours FULL SERVERS!!Get this game on a sale or on♥♥♥♥♥if discounted... Its not worth $49.99..."
76561198023958965,Recommended,245760,10946412,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,truegrave_08,its an ok game for the series but it would be a hell of a lot better with the player vs player  and customized characters like in the other instalments
76561198076806494,Recommended,245760,10959898,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,.  ҈   NCISLA249   ҈   .,i love the story to this better then the fall of  cybertron because of  all the new characters you can use
76561198014811527,Not Recommended,245760,11464820,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,KincaidX,Why do all transformer games have to suck?
,Not Recommended,245760,29919226,Posted: 14 February,all,ZA WARUDO,Same all over just a remodel enemy and boring fighting nothing new only new models i glad bought this on sale ♥♥♥♥♥♥ af
,Recommended,245760,28184952,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DARKSCORN,very good game with high graphics but needs to fix car and dino shaking
76561197996403618,Not Recommended,245760,25215512,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,[Decepticon]D Testable,"The only multiplayer in this is the survival mode, no vs, which was the whole god damn reason the previous 2 were so good.  This game is overpriced garbage and a waste of a licence."
,Recommended,245760,23340731,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,F0xyzz,This game is verry good i recommend it
,Recommended,245760,10888136,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tailgate,"2/10 its ok. Wait for a price drop. If you spend 50 dollars on a halfassed movie tie-in and then complain about being ripped off and that it's a halfassed movie tie-in then you have my pity for being a dumb person.Movie levels are poop and Drift is the worst character ever. Obligatory Grimlock segment still mindless and horrible, like the character itself.Cybertron levels are passable and you get to play some characters that you couldn't in FoC, or had very little playtime. Though why they kept swindle again instead of swapping him out for another combaticon is beyond me.Escalation is fun but also a lot easier as you can choose your loadout and don't have to spend money on doors.I bought it because I knew exactly what I was getting and was ok with dropping money on it. Could have been better if High Moon was still behind it but they got killed to death by that terrible game about that horrendously unfunny superhero."
76561197972907309,Recommended,245760,15484396,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GDPWND,"144FPS - I found a way to do it.  Basically read info on command line switches for the UT3/4 engine.  Create a new short cut for the game here it is.  Enjoy world!!!!""D:\Steam\SteamApps\common\Transformers - Rise of the Dark Spark\Binaries\TransGame.exe"" -silent FPS=144Obviously edit the path tothe executable based on your installation."
76561198131606827,Recommended,245760,31385488,Posted: 26 April,all,DarthMegatronus,The only problem is that escaltion doest seem to find another player. Everything else is fine.
,Recommended,245760,11512296,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,LG | ChanBoi,This game is fun. PvP is needed and storyline for campaign is so so but escalation is fun.
76561198014088792,Recommended,245760,28769345,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,luckydog88888,When I factory reset my laptop all my progress disappeared.  This happened to Transformers War of Cybertron.  I'm just asking if you could give back all my progress or just give me a Drift.  It's still a good game.
76561198169285513,Recommended,245760,15645626,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,[NN] ~BluEaZuRe,ok some people might be saying that the fact that  the charicters are from foc suck it up!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ok mabye the part about not having multiplayer i can go with but the campaign was idk it had to much flashbacks it kind of makes it hard to understand but do i care for graphics NO!!! graphics are only for the flavor of the game but the downside is this might be shocking transformers dark of th moon was better this game will and does need some twerks and tweks but hey the game is fun im not forcing anyone to DOWNLOAD IT but remember this game arent supposed to have multiplayer.....    multiplayer is for the player to get playing the game and a for the profits of dlc so remember that
,Recommended,245760,18910203,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,♥♥Fangle The Fox♥♥,anyone playing?
,Recommended,245760,10849571,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mortem Spiritus,"If you are a fan of the previous Cybertron games than you'll love that side of this game.You start in the earth era, which you feel could've been created to feel more dynamic and expansive. By the time you reach the Cybertronian era you wish you'd never go back. The Escalation mode is quite enjoyable, where you can choose to play as whichever transformer you desire (as long as they are unlocked).Overall, the game is fairly good but has room for improvement (DLC?). Such as:- Replay levels as whatever Transformer you wish (Singleplayer)- Add more movie characters (Galvatron for example)- PvP multiplayer (deathmatch, team deathmatch, ctf, etc.)- Possibly the addition of a free roam map for both eras (A city for earth and something or rather of Cybertron, multiplayer?)These additions I feel would make the game reach its true potential. I still recommend this game, so if you have fifty odd dollars you want to spend then this is the game for you, oh I almost forgot...TRANSFORMERS!"
76561198133845992,Not Recommended,245760,30150184,Posted: 24 February,all,Blitzwing,Did lost all my progress.
,Recommended,245760,33923992,Posted: 31 July,all,iiTheGamingGear,i wish their was more earths like earth grimlock but the game was amazing if you have enough money or its on 9.99 dollars again you should buy this amazing game
76561198039617695,Recommended,245760,12602320,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Heatblast98,While i recomend this game i do have a few gripes well only really one The fact that escalation has crashed and hasnt been fixed but other than that i enjoy this game is decent though it does feel rushed.
76561198021757575,Recommended,245760,10952959,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Incipit Satan,TRANSFORM!
,Recommended,245760,33503258,Posted: 13 July,all,HEAVYHITTER451,just spent 2 hours playing escalation love getting lock boxes so much cool stuff  this game is great its bay formers and  war for cybertron transformers to  if you are like me and have a new respect for age of extinction after michael bays latest installment of transformers that is just utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game is alot like age of extinction  alos im up for more escalation had no trouble finding agame of escalation online either  ps THE LAST KNIGHT SUCKS     this game is the last memorys of transdformers before michael bay took a big turd  in his hand and thru it at some film   and called it a movie
76561198113014119,Recommended,245760,28868819,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"TRANSFORMERS: Rise Of The Dark Spark Bundle And TRANSFORMERS: Rise Of The Dark Sparkfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game."
76561198118732030,Recommended,245760,32603882,Posted: 20 June,all,The Lord 230,Jeez People calm down about this game i agree its not as good as fall of cybertron but its not that badif you wanna play this then you should unless you dont like the movies
76561198046685945,Recommended,245760,24628473,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Goue O R E O,Guys you must buy it. It is so mindblowing ?!?
76561198387600014,Recommended,245760,33067259,Posted: 30 June,all,sachiyoivan,i like it its a pretty nice game and the graphics are really cool this game puts my happy bar to 100%
,Recommended,245760,10889074,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AhriXOXO,"i reviewed this game in its first week and found it was to buggy to play, but now?well, A M A Z I N Gthe game breaking bugs are gone the game is playable, great game.Personally i still prefer fall of cybertron but you can't go wrong with this.8/10"
76561198116773452,Not Recommended,245760,10917335,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Optimus Prime,I did not have a good experience with the game the graphics were terrible and the steering in vehicle mode was not natural and it was terrible compared to Fall Of Cybertron.
76561198102935460,Recommended,245760,17558850,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,GHI1029,great game that takes place between war for cybertron and fall of cybertron but after dark of the moon
76561198185066911,Recommended,245760,19490474,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,williamweisert,Its pretty short.The ending isnt really meaningful and the characters are kinda all over the place BUT i am a big transformer fan and im sure for every fan out there youll like this one. I liked it alot. it was somewhat easy for me and if i wanted to play it again i definitely would.
,Not Recommended,245760,21156860,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Dr. Oktoberfest,How to buttseck a good Transformers video game series? Make Rise of the Dark Spark.
,Not Recommended,245760,28484774,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Winkbell,"i'm big fan of TRANSFORMERS™, but this serie is very.. kinda... not impressive like The war and fall of cybertron.Devoloper try to make new system, and bring back some event or side story between The war and fall of cybertron to play.but pointless to bring back for me. why not make new story and another place except earth, or they're have not idea anymore? OMM i'll give 6/10 score. o_o not impresive that all!!!!"
76561197990647322,Recommended,245760,28480499,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ArcanisOmni,Got this when it was on sales for $10. It is worth that but I'm glad I did not pay full price. If you have played the other games in this line you will notice a lack of strong story and eye catching levels as the others had. Over all still fun to play through just really wanted more.
76561198173461563,Not Recommended,245760,28611605,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Arkham Gamer,"Please read this review. Don't buy this game it is pure garbage if you want a Transformers game go get a different one they are better this piece of trash. Ok what I hate about this game: it's been made lazy, the phase ""let's see what we got"" audio would never stop playing, Cannot load to the second level, and no multiplayer."
76561198209711527,Not Recommended,245760,28752533,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Xerixa/Vandrachia,"I tried to like this game, but couldn't. The story was bland, and I couldn't stomach it. Good if you're a Bayformers fan, but not for me. The only true part I liked was the Cybertron parts."
,Recommended,245760,30127873,Posted: 23 February,all,Snowman,"Its not a patch on the previous two games war/fall of, but I picked this up in a steam sale for £5.99 and feel it is worth it at this sale price. FYI, I've only been playing the campaign so far."
76561198299874559,Recommended,245760,30107252,Posted: 22 February,all,ego7280,I bought this game on sale not expecting much. I orginally bought the game to kill some time and to add it to my collection of transformers games. But i was pleasantly surprised by what i played. the idea of gearboxes containing characters that could be used in escelelation was in my opinion a very good idea. But there are some problems with the game this might just be a problem with me but optimus primes shield negaits almost all damage witch i find a problem some might not think of it as one but I do but that is my opinion. Another thing is that the enemies in the game this does'nt happen all but time but stiil their attack damage sometimes goes up and results in a fast death. Another thing is the boss battles the bosses moves are easy to learm and predict. The final thing is what most people are upset about the multyplayer the only mode is escelation . while in  the other games the also had team deathmatch and other game modes.
76561197981308676,Not Recommended,245760,34851442,Posted: 9 September,all,John's Myth,"Lazy port, poor level design, emersion breaking drops promt you to use the pause menu during play to unlock multiplayer features during single player campaign, easy is not easy. Play the other two."
76561198115044546,Not Recommended,245760,35025278,Posted: 17 September,all,RecklessRussian,This game is poorly designed and is basically just a mash up of the left overs from the previous installments in the franchise.  The story is also weak and the design of the earth levels is very unpleasing to the eye. I recommend playing the two previous games.
,Not Recommended,245760,34957255,Posted: 14 September,all,♔ Arrinura,"Pros:-60fps.-Customize graphic settings.Cons:-The cutscenes has a terrible quality and sometimes locked at 30fps.-It would be more fun if it add more fighting action.-It would be better if you can customize key binds.-When moving camera around, y-axis feels lower than the x-axis.The gameplay isn't really the best, it focus on shooting more than fighting. I would love to use both if possible but the melee is pretty lame. And most of the resupply ammo is for default guns, so if I were to pick up a new gun, I would ran out of ammo and end up dying. The cutscenes really annoys me how it doesn't have an option to skip, and how the quality looks really bad."
76561198026982490,Recommended,245760,35070740,Posted: 19 September,all,Zcat6,"Game okay, but FOC better, and WFC best TF game ever, bar none, imo. Fun to play, and while I dislike the Bayformer universe, it was okay to mix the two TF worlds as there was a coherent story behind it.Not trying to dis Tatasciore, but Frank Welker IS Megatron. And Soundwave. And probably half the voices of every animated chartacter you have ever known. Like Cullen, Welker is a legend in the TF franchise. Please bring him back for any future games. Thanks."
