user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198045499862,Not Recommended,246070,12690237,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,thepalatinepoet,"Do not buy this game. This is not the programming game you want to buy. It is not worth the money, and it is not currently, by my standards, a finished puzzle game, much less one that teaches any reasonable amount of programming.It is a beautiful idea for a game, and a very clever title for the idea. But this game does not live up to the beauty of its idea. If you must buy it, wait for the game that purports to teach programming to at least be itself adequately programmed. That is not the game that is available right now.Hack 'n' Slash is a game in which you swing your USB sword to, instead of slaying things, set their hit points to 0. I can offer no higher praise for the integration of the ""hacking"" in the game for the first few minutes of gameplay. Instead of attacking the turtle, you hack its allegiance so it becomes your ally. Instead of finding the right order of blocks to push for a block pushing puzzle, you simply hack the number of remaining pushes allowed for one block. Reprogramming the movement of the guards was hilarious.Then, just as quickly as the fun begins, the clever puzzle design disintegrates.The coding is still painfully inaccessible and unserviceable—if you're a programmer, it's boring and tedious for no apparent reason, and if you're not a programmer, there's no chance you'll really even understand the puzzle as it's presented. As an experienced programmer, putting together the clues using detailed understanding of how programming generally works got me through the ""programming puzzles"", but left me painfully frustrated by how obtuse they were guaranteed to be for someone who didn't automatically know that ""HackBlock 1"" is probably the same in-game object as ""blocks[1]"". I see no reason to relate a red letter 'a' directly to a red diamond symbol other than educated guesswork. A game which requires trial and error is fine, but a game that requires too much backtracking between trials and crashes when you don't know what you're doing is not a game that encourages learning.The most frustrating thing for me was when I immediately saw the solution the programmers intended, but also that there were far more obvious and trivial solutions. Let's take a hypothetical locked gate as an example: if instead of entering the prescribed password, you simply toggled some output value from ""false"" to ""true,"" you might bypass the intended lesson entirely. Not only are the puzzles poorly thought out, they don't even enforce the intended lesson. I can't imagine anything other than inexperienced players blundering their way through the ""puzzles.""The game crashes when the built-in LUA interpreter falls apart, because instead of being a sandboxed interpreter, the game runs code you throw at it natively, and I wouldn't be surprised if the game was a legitimate security vulnerability for getting admin access to the local machine. What's worse, the programming conventions used are distracting, if not outright confusing. The variables that are useful to hack aren't even always next to the lines of code they relate to, requiring mundane back calculation or walking around to find the right variable.Imagine if a game that wasn't about programming presented these qualities: for instance, you found yourself in a hallway with five switches, and the purpose of the switches only marginally explained to you. There is absolutely no feedback to tell you what each switch does, unless you've solved the puzzle, or unknowingly triggered a fail state. What's worse, these fail states cause you to lose any forward progress made not only on the current 5-switch puzzle, but also the 3-switch puzzles that you've managed to solve in the same hallway. This is not what I consider a good puzzle game, but it is exactly the sort of scenario Hack 'n' Slash unforgivingly drops players into. Where traditional games undergo thorough testing to prevent the player from causing crashes, Hack 'n' Slash markets the total (and completely unnecessary) instability of the game as a feature. Can you imagine an point and click adventure game that crashed when you used the wrong item on the wrong target? How is this fun for the player? Why aren't they simply preventing unnecessary modifications, and adding iteration limits and variable scopes to prevent accidents? The puzzles are poorly designed, and just aren't fun.And now for the rest of the game. As adventure games go, this game feels incomplete: shoddy collision detection make movement a confusing dance, total lack of information on what can and can't be done makes even thinking about solutions total guesswork.Traditional adventure games leave a trail of breadcrumbs to lead you along, and a useful assistant who makes sure the player is at least going in the right direction. Not so in this half-done game. Between acts the player is expected to know where they should romp for five minutes to get to the next destination, and while this could be ""part of the puzzle"" in some twisted logic the latter half of the game is a series of tedious activities: wander until you reach the next scripted destination, randomly permute code until success. Nothing is named in a useful fashion, nothing is provided, and the game gives you more ways to cause a crash than it does any meaningful direction towards a smart solution. There's invariably way too much information available as ""clues,"" and the player has no idea what's useful and what's just there because the programmers thought it would be cool. I spend so much time wading through unnecessary details for reasons I don't understand to solve puzzles that aren't even intellectually challenging so much as they are a series of inside jokes. The final puzzles aren't so much arcane wizardry as they are exercises in variable tweaking, and there's not even any guide to explain which variables should really be tweaked to start with. Behaviors not explained before or after a particular puzzle are used and so players shouldn't even know to try the things the developers expect us to know.As someone who actually studied computer science, incidentally, I'm disappointed by what the game refers to as algorithms. None of the implementations are meaningfully quantifiable algorithms. This is what most saddens me, to be honest: there are so many beautiful, challenging, and meaningful problems in computer science that programming games could explore and teach. Even the final chapter of the game, purported to be a legitimate programming challenge with actual security applications, boils down to a series of password reading tricks used earlier, or the mundane ""wander, hack, permute"" process. I was hoping to maybe see some binary search, or some loop iteration, or even just simple mathematics to inject actual challenge into the game, but instead found myself going through the exact motions I go through when debugging ugly, poorly written code. ""If x ==y continue"" tells me nothing about how many lines are actually part of the if statement, by the way. LUA probably wouldn't have been my first choice as a language for making the code readable to nonprogrammers. Might have been smarter to create a simpler, if still Turing complete domain specific version of LUA that doesn't throw unfamiliar terms like jump statements and closure operations. I'm saddened by the possibility that LUA was chosen not because it's a beautiful, educational language but because it made executing user code easy (and highly destructive and universe-collapsing). I spent more time shaking my head at the programming choices than solving the puzzles, and even more time wondering why Double Fine failed to even make the non-programming parts of the game enjoyable. It plays like a very promising alpha, which would be encouraging, if the game wasn't being marketed as a full release.This is not a programming game. This is not a well-programmed game. And what's worse, this is not even a good game. I'd save your money if I were you."
,Not Recommended,246070,12103048,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Floflo,"A very interesting concept, but I see several issues with this game.Cons:* It's absolutely NOT recommended for people with no programming/algorithmics knowledge. The first half of the game should be doable by almost anyone, but as soon as actual code is shown and modifiable (end of Act 4 and all of Act 5), it can be overwhelming.* The code you can hack is displayed in a very hard to understand way. I heard it's based on the game's Lua bytecode. Why not let people see/modify the source code instead? Bytecode is not meant to be read by humans.You can see the code as text, or there is a sort of visual representation with machines and crystals, but it's just too confusing. As a professional programmer, I grasped most of it, but I think most people won't.* The graphics look mostly bad. The characters are OK but the backgrounds... The level design is meh, with many useless paths and dead ends.* The music is forgettable* A bit on the short side, with low replay value unless you just want to test how far you can go with the hacking. But then why not program your own game instead?* The ending is surprising but weird, nonsensical and abrupt to me.Pros:* Awesome base concept* Some of the puzzles are quite cleverly made* The ""Double Fine touch"" is here, with quirky characters and dialogs, but it's a bit weak. Psychonauts is way better in that regard.* It's challenging for your brain for those who like that.Not really a pro nor a con:* Near the end I think I skipped an important scene completely with hacking. That's pretty cool but I'm missing part of the story!* It's only in English. I didn't really mind even though I'm French, but some people will. I think it would be really hard to translate such a game anyway (all the game's variables and functions would have to be translated)Conclusion:If you are a programming junkie, a bit curious, or just want to challenge your brain, buy this game when it gets cheaper. Otherwise I think it will just be a frustrating experience and you will not enjoy it."
,Recommended,246070,18827299,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Chewable C++,"Recommended for programmers/tinkerers. Others will probably be confused and disappointed. This review itself will likely not make that much sense to the latter group.It's in the current Humble Bundle Weekly at the $1 tier (ends 2015-11-5). Worth it at that price for sure.This is not a ""programming"" game (like TIS-100, SpaceChem, Human Resource Machine, etc). It is a ""hacking"" game.It is definitely not a ""Hack and Slash"" game as it may seem to be at first glance. There is very little of anything resembling a normal game here, although it has a vaguely Zelda-esque facade.As a minor connoisseur of sorts when it comes to programming/hacking games, I'm not aware of any other game that has done what HnS has (Edit: The more recently released Else Heart.Break() seems to do something similar, but I haven't played it yet).The title is more of a proof of concept than a fully featured game. Not really a surprise at this point coming from Double Fine. But the proof of concept alone should be worth the price of admission and the time for those interested in this sort of thing.Most of the game is written in Lua (a very common game scripting language). The game (gradually) exposes the ability to modify itself, but only to a limited extent. You start off being able to only modify some instance variables of certain entities (and latera handful of game instance globals, if you can find them). Eventually you gain the ability to examine the code of just about everything, but you can only modify constants (including the names of called functions in some cases). You can also swap a few operators.Although that sounds like a lot of power, there is actually fairly little you can do that is interesting or useful. The majority of the ""puzzles"" reduce to finding the right variable or operator to alter in typically fairly mundane ways (e.g. flip a bool, comparison operator, make a number very large or very small). That's not all that surprising considering how difficult it is to accomplish something more meaningful from a gameplay perspective in this kind of system. But whatisthere is reasonably fun/amusing. And thankfully it doesn't grow old because the game is quite short.Typically hackable entities can be ""hacked"" (have their state/instance vars altered) by attacking them with a weapon. Later in the game, you gain the ability to hack into a larger variety of entities by actually modifying the code (again, only specific parts of the code). This is done in an unusual, noteworthy fashion:Instead of simply editing the code text/values directly, a visual/spatial representation of the code is created in which you can walk around and modify particular constants and operators.Strangely, when the game shows you the Lua code, it doesn't actually show you the raw code. Instead, it displays it in a rather strange, awkward syntax that actually makes it more obfuscated than it is in the original Lua (for a typical programmer, at least). I guess it could be said that this better immerses already experienced programmers, forcing them to ""learn"" the system even if they already know Lua.Near the end of the game, you also gain the ability tobrowse the entire(?) lua game source. This is represented as a library in game, where each level of the library is a directory, and staircases are the means for directory traversal. Individual files are books on a bookshelf that can be stored in your inventory for direct hacking later. Again, despite how much power this seemingly conveys, the actual usefulness of this is quite limited. But it's a cool experiment."
,Not Recommended,246070,12209701,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ImaginaryDragon,"Does this game have a brilliant concept?Yes.Is this game enjoyable for the general public?Eh.It's quite special for a developer to get an idea that rubs down to: Hey, isn't it fun to let players alter the game the way they like and hack almost anything?But, somewhere down the line of production, I guess they forgot to realize how user-unfriendly this game can get beyond Act 4. It's not puzzle, oh no, not your every day 'explore-and-find-clues' puzzle, it's a confusing, excrusiatingly painful coding experience.Worst of all, this game -crashes-, and by that I mean ALL the time. Any event where you mess up on either hacking things, digging into Algorithm, you have the potential to slam into different kind of bugs that the developer didn't iron out. If you hit too many bugs, it wouldn't even allow you to go back to your previous setting (An item in game that basically rewind what you do), forcing you to shut down the game and restart.Option menu is totally devoided of any options other than choosing fullscreen/window mode, as well as sound. Where is the graphic options?All around, it's a game with potential, but is underdeveloped. It's baffling that this game can even win an indie game award with the state it currently is in."
,Recommended,246070,10040231,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Fwiller,"Hack n' Slash is in early access, but it is magnificent already.Bugs are present, so if that bothers you, you may want to steer clear until v1.0. I havent come across anything game breaking, but I have encountered a few instances of the game freezing or inventory scrambling. Regardless of this, I have really enjoyed my playthrough so far.If you're the least bit interested in this games mechanics and can handle a few minor hiccups, I'd say go for it."
,Not Recommended,246070,11964222,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Reyquiem,"POST-RELEASE EDIT:I'm a bit disappointed, I'll be honest. Just finished the game a few minutes ago. I'm happy to say that the bombs are great, they work very well. And the completed Act 5 is nice. But that's about it. After beating the game, I really don't have any incentive to go back and play it again. I know I still have secrets to discover, artifacts to find, and thousands of lines of Lua to exploit, but there's no reason why I should. I think the only hope this game has of being played again is if I forget how I solved all of the puzzles, and forget that I spent $20 on this thing. Unless there are even more updates coming in the future, this game is not worth $20. Maybe half that, at the most.You had so much potential, Hack 'n' Slash. I'm so sorry.Until that potential is met, rating revised to a solid 7/10 for gameplay. However, too overpriced at $20. Would not recommend.OLD REVIEW:A great game, even at this current state. Yes, it's unfinished, but what is present already, when combined with the game's visible potential, makes it worth the money.A few things I would really like to see in future updates:* a completed Act V* a larger world to explore* something to explain why the game starts at Act II instead of the logical Act I (or even Act 0, considering this is about hacking)* more uses for the bombs (You get to use them once! That's not enough!)But as it is, it's not bad, if a little pricey.7/10, potentially up to 8/10 or even 9/10, depending on update content."
,Not Recommended,246070,12183239,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,rpundurs,"This game does not do a good job of explaining its mechanics, let alone its higher-level concepts. What begins as a generally fun and interesting educational puzzle game quickly devolves into a frustrating mess. The conveyance and presentation of important concepts, most notably the algorithm puzzles, is opaque. The paper-thin storyline, flat dialogue, and cardboard-cutout characters do nothing to make the puzzle headache worthwhile.There are definitely a couple of good ideas that went into this game, but they're not developed adequately in the short playtime. The scarcity of interactive elements in the world makes the whole experience feel perfunctory and lifeless. With the sole exception of the clever and engaging boss fight with the corrupted turtle king early in the game, none of this really felt very fun. I managed to inadvertently skip about half of the prison level by rushing past the boss with the movement speed hack, which screwed me a bit later in the game as I was unable to decipher the runes made visible with the Third Eye Hat. The feeling the experience most left me with overall is confusion and frustration.It took me about 3 hours in total to complete Hack N Slash, but I gave up and consulted a walkthrough upon being trapped in the algorithm puzzle caves of act IV. Had I not, I would likely never have been able to finish the game. Perhaps everything would have made more sense to a programmer, but it didn't to me and Double Fine made little effort to ameliorate that. Overall, this game is not worth $20. Pick it up for $5 if you can, but you're not missing much if you give it a miss entirely."
,Recommended,246070,10038489,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,squaak,I hit my Game Hours and edited that to be so large. 10/10 game(i actually play this game for hours on end)
,Not Recommended,246070,14977926,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Samwise,"Great concept, horrible exceution. Buy only on sale. If you've never written a single line of code in your life this game could frustrate the crap out of you.Up until the 4th act ""hacking"" is very repetitive, but should be easy enough for everyone. I was hoping for the part of the game when editing of the code itself starts but it doesn't. Ever. What starts in act 4 is just bad. I've never programmed in LUA before, but why the game developers chose to mix scripting with some colorful gems and going ""into"" scripts is beyond me. It's confusing. Why they chose to hammer people down after relatively easy first part of the game by denying us real power? A real editor/command line to modify/hack the code?I was hoping for something in a line of the CodeCombat browser game (Google that if you want). This way Hack 'n' Slash could actually teach some programing to people and giving a player more freedom.5/10 (for graphics and general DubleFine dialogues)."
76561198076473543,Not Recommended,246070,20331648,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Snoopy,"As a progammer and a lover of puzzle games, I figured that I'd brave the mixed reviews since I fall within the target demographic. Despite that, this game was a disappointment. The puzzles are either uninspired or obscure, the game is liable to crash often, and the dialogue is grating.Some of the early problems were promising, but simple. ""Hacking"" objects to modify high-level object properties made for some novel challenges, but there are few enough hackable objects and few enough properties within each that most of these puzzles reduced to ""hack problem object, adjust obvious property.""At some point in the game we are given the ability to actually examine and edit objects' code. Unfortunately this also leads to either frustrating or overly simple puzzles. Many times in the game we simply enter an object's code and change it's ""isHackable"" property to true, then hack the object and change some obvious property. A fine puzzle to solve once, but to use it at several critical points seems repetitive.I'm not familiar with Lua (the langauge the player manipulates in-game) and figured this game would at least give me a sense of the language. This was not the case. The structure of the in-game code was such that its purpose was often impossible to decipher - loops and conditions were presumably present but all code was displayed in a perfectly linear manner and I emerged even more confused about Lua than when I began.Most of the late-game programming puzzles offer up the bit of code to be modified pretty easily. Upon entering an object's code you can visit various subclasses and functions, most of which are long and clearly critical to the game's normal function. The game does allow you to visit these blocks of code (though this sometimes crashes the game with longer sections) and does allow you to modify them, but their size and codepenence generally means that no meaningful changes can be made without ""crashing the game"" (errors created by the player result in the ""end of the universe"" and you must reload), and puzzles are rarely solved by doing so.In contrast, other blocks of code have a very different style - short and with clearly labeled variables that pertain to the puzzle at hand. Identifying which blocks the game invites you to modify is pretty easy based only on this clear difference in style, and once you've found the critical function you can often change a simple boolean or integer without really understanding what you're doing, and solving the puzzle.This is not to say the game is a breeze - many puzzles are not obvious. The challenge comes not from the innovation of the puzzles but by their obscurity. No direction is given to the player in several key sections, and it's often unclear whether you simply don't have the object required to get past a challenge, or if you haven't dig deep enough in the code.The final puzzle was especially unrewarding. A deep delve into the final boss's code was fun, and I finally mananged to convice the boss to destroy itself. Success! ...or, nope, I'm just stuck in the boss screen with no boss. I reloaded and tried a different tactic, but this one defeated the boss as well as destroyed the universe. Suspecting a bug, I turned to a guide which presented a third, equally viable code tweak which was arbitrarily selected as the ""correct"" one by the designers and moved the plot forward.I also was able to accidentally skip a final puzzle by reloading at a particular spot (which I only realized by reading a guide after completing the game), which makes me unsure if this happened at other points in the game.A final note is the humor: The writers try painfully hard to make witty dialogue but it comes across as juvenile and bizzare. I'm a fan of good humor, high- or low-brow, but this game delivers neither.I DID finish the game in the hopes that such a novel concept would yield at least a few inspired puzzles or challenges, and admittely a few did come close. Riding the line between puzzle game and programming chalenge, ultimately the game fails as either. To programmers and puzzlers, I advise you to seek fun elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,246070,12125377,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Azi,"This game get a NO from me for several reasons.As a TL;DR here is a list- No objective indicator/map/sense of direction whatsoever- Extremely difficult to grasp system of functions etc- Frustrating atmosphere in general coupled with clunky controlsAs a more in depth version:The fact that there is no objective indicator or map or something may seem like a modern gamers lazy complaint, but it really isn't. For a game as complex as this there really should be an objective indicator for those who want to progress the story. Those who want to fiddle about with any piece of code they can touch can do that if they want, but for those who want to go towards progression at all times, this game is very frustrating. I found myself wandering aimlessly several times with not a clue where to go until I looked up a guide, or simply stopped playing in anger. To be clear: I was not stuck on puzzles, I just had no idea where to go to get to the next puzzle etc.The way the code is presented to you is very hard to understand. I am currently a computer science student at my university, so I know how to write code and make programs, mainly in Java, C, C++ etc, at the moment, and not Lua itself, but I know that no language looks like this game tries to make it look. Apparently it is based on the games Lua bytecode which FYI is not meant to be read by humans, it is meant for the computer to compile. If it were based on actual Source Code for the game, maybe it would be easier to grasp. But the implication of those weird crystals to represent hundreds of different things inside functions? Forget it. I can normally grasp programming ideas pretty quickly and easily, but in this game, I couldn't understand a thing during Act 5. This also links back to the previous point, if I was told perhaps what place to search in or maybe what function to investigate, not specifically what to do etc but at least a clue? Maybe then it would be easier to see what needed to be modified. Others may disagree with this one, but I personally found it very hard to grasp.The entire atmosphere of this game is basically designed to be annoying. The sounds get extremely repetitve and annoying e.g going in and out of several functions in short amount of time. This also ties in with the first point, when wandering aimlessly not knowing where to go, I get frustrated a lot easier, so this may contribute to the fact that I'm complaining about this as well.ALL IN ALL I think this game could have been great with different execution, and easier to understand interfaces/functions and such. As it is, I will not be completing it without a walkthrough of the (final?) Act 5, as I cannot progress on my own from here it seems.4/10EDITED 10/11/14I've been learning all about C this year in school, and I know now what the GOTO statements are really meant to do. You see these EVERYWHERE in the coding of the functions in the game, and they are one of the most out of date things ever. We learned in class that if you use Goto your code will be very difficult for people who are not yourself to read and manipulate so the fact that they spammed goto in the coding for this game is just ridiculous. It is much more clear to use definitive logic like if-else than goto. Although it is still valid syntax, stylistically it is horrible, especially considering this game was MADE to be read and manipulated...2/10:)"
,Not Recommended,246070,12093636,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Mouse of Madness,"It's a neat concept, but once the novelty wears off it really just feels tedious rather than fun. Come to think of it, it reminds me of a better attempt at those awful educational games from the 90s but about programming concepts instead of the Oregon Trail. It gets an A for effort, but I really wish I'd waited for the inevitable sale. I doubt they'll be able to sell this at full price for long because there's just not enough value in it. At this point, all we can do is hope the mods add significant value."
,Not Recommended,246070,14220435,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,XERO,"Half-way through the game the tutorials and ease of play are thrown out of the window for heavy convoluted scripting puzzles, which you won't know how to complete without a decent understanding of programming/game design/and debuging.The game developers didn't want to decide if they wanted to make a game for kiddies who have never coded (which started the game with gear that is akin to learning visual basic front-ends) or veterans who have an idea of what they doing (going super script heavy the last half of the game)This indecision of how they wanted to make a game really hampered it. The first half was boring for me, but the second half really caught my interest as I hacked my way into areas I wasn't supposed to be going. But then again, after you get the super hacking powers the game gets vague on what you were doing.This game is unfinished. It presents a security risk already demonstrated with the community workshop mods available for it. (opening up other programs on your comptuer) And feels like it was rushed to be finished in less than 2 months dseign and development time combined.I would reccomend it to anybody who's up for a debugging challenge. I wouldn't reccomend it for people who haven't read a line of code before though. And I wouldn't reccomend downloading any of the workshop mods available for it.I really wish this was something morethan what it is. But as of right now, it's just a proof of concept, and a reminder of what could have been."
,Recommended,246070,10042171,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,[Olin] QuantumMechanic,"This game is amazing. One of the best puzzle games I've ever played. Extra cool if you happen to be a programmer, as the game eventually involves parsing/modifying functions to progress."
,Not Recommended,246070,12094197,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Flush,"TL;DR: Short, buggy, hard for programming illiterates. Only buy if it's 50%-75%; even at $13.37 (*sigh* that's what I paid) it feels like a rip off.The game is entirely too short (5ish hours, took me 7 or so because I was stuck quite often) and quite difficult for someone without any programming knowledge. One puzzle literally took me an hour because I could not figure it out. Near the end of the game, you can skip a portion of events by changing one event for another.The interface is a real doozy at times, too. It took me a few minutes to get in the exact right spot to hack your sprite, and it also took me a couple minutes to find the exact right spot to grab the loupe. The game froze at one point; forgot how I made that happen.Some of the items seem redundant. You get a hat that lets you see overlays, then not even ten minutes later, you get an item that lets you toggle the overlay so you can use other items.That said, this game is fairly unique and relatively enjoyable... despite getting stuck in three or four different places. Personally I'd only pick it up if it's 50%-75% off."
,Recommended,246070,12040443,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,magicmoo,"This game feels a bit cheap at first and really lacks some polish, but its later stages most definitely make up for all its flaws! As you progress through the game, you'll get more and more control over the world as you literraly hack deeper and deeper into the code of the game. Once you manage to get deep into the latest act, this gets pretty insane and, dare I say, absolutely brilliant. It's really nice to see that the author of this game managed to push its crazy but greatly refreshing concept so far! Double Fine still delivers.Much recommended! but definitely not for everyone"
,Recommended,246070,16461202,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Trinidad,"TL;DR:A unique game for programmers, not an RPG at all but more of a programming puzzle game. I guess the programming part is why a lot of people don't enjoy it, though. If you know how to program and enjoy programming puzzles, definitely buy it when on sale.-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-At first the game seems like some normal adventure game, with the quirk that you can plug your sword into some monsters and change some of the way they behave. Nice but limited, it's a game after all and most people enjoy this part.Once you progress, you get more powerful abilities. If you though editing a bunch of variables was cool, think again. Once you progressyou can change the actual game source code...THAT BLEW MY MINDThe code editing does have some limitations: you cannot delete lines of code, but you can change the logic used. And if you mess around too muchyou'll crash the game. When it crashes you can go back in time to earlier states:it has version control. If you know what you're doing it's not a hard game at all and most puzzles are pretty straight forward.The problem with it is that the story and pacing could have been better, and it seems that the narrative is only a means to string together the different puzzles."
,Not Recommended,246070,13950519,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Elaboration,"I actually really enjoyed ~1 hour of this game, near the middle. Unfortunately, the first 2 hours of the game were a chore, and the last 2 hours were crazy buggy.Ultimately, the buggy nature of the last hour of the game is why I do not recommend it. Perfectly fine and valid solutions to puzzles sometimes won't work until you restart the game. Heck, even redoing the exact same change sometimes won't have the same result. In a game about coding, that's a huge no-no.I had a glitch at the end where I couldn't get into the epilogue, even though I hadn't edited anything that would affect it. I tried different things for literally half an hour. In the end, I restarted the game and somehow it worked. To add insult to injury, the ending was utterly unsatisfying, and left me feeling like I wasted my time."
,Recommended,246070,12059183,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,PsychroPhoenix,"WARNING:NOT recommended for people who cannot grasp programming logic.While the game starts out easy and friendly towards people with no programming knowledge, it gets a lot harderin Chapter 4 for people who have never written any code.Plus, to REALLY enjoy this game to the max, you need to have an inherent curiosity for tinkering with the massive amountof possibilities the game gives you near the last quarter of its  ~6.5h (if you don't get stuck much on puzzles) playtime.To people who DO enjoy the tinkering and regularly try to break the limits of games, I say:""I hacked an event and made my fairy companion Bob exclaim 'Sheiiiit n***a, we're so dead' upon triggering a deadly timebomb trap.9.9/10 best, most innovative game I've played in a long time"""
,Not Recommended,246070,12092668,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,gunderson.sot,"I reallllly wanted to like this game, AND I did... At first, I was havin' the time of my life playing this until act four! Becaus if your not some freakin' master programmer, WELP guess this is were it ends for you."
,Not Recommended,246070,12091915,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Leonardo,"Very short (5 hours start to finish, could be shorter if you don't try to overthink the last 'dungeon')You might find it interesting if you're interested in hacking, but there's a major issue that keep this game from feeling compltete. About halfway through the game, you get 'bombs' and a 'loupe' which let you alter certain constants in the game's code. Unfortunately, you can't change the flow of a program beyond altering TRUE / FALSE statements or switching ""="" to ""not ="" and visa-versa. Oh wait, you can actually also change strings, including which procedures are called... It's a shame that wasn't the solution to any puzzle, and you only have to modify strings in one room(spoiler: it's in the tutorial on how to use the glass /spoiler). I bought this when it was announced as being ""out of alpha"", but right now, it doesn't feel feature-complete."
,Not Recommended,246070,13829932,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Purantsu,"The game was more annoying than fun. Maybe it gets better after more than one hour of gameplay, but I couldn't stand it. I've had enough of running around swinging my sword at rocks and editing the same attributes over and over again to make them pushable.I've had enough of falling off turtles moving into the water even though I'm standing right in the middle of their shells.And I'm fed up with bugs that made me unable to proceed, forcing me to use the map, which reset my progress on the current level.Cheesy unskippable (?) fairtytale-ish dialogues between the hero and its sprite sure don't help the game either.I'm extremely disappointed in this game especially since I am a fan of most works coming from Double Fine Productions. I understand how people may find entertainment in this piece, but it sure is not for me."
,Not Recommended,246070,20495646,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Yiaannn,"In the last few years there has been an increase on programming-oriented games, most of which are fun, challenging or even infomativeThis one, however, is neither of those things; prone to crashing and with little actual puzzles besides changing a single value in a file, it keeps coming short on everything it`s supposed to do"
,Recommended,246070,13923229,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,-cyNix-,"I'd have to say that the concept behind this game is unique and really awesome. However, like many other negative reviews, the execution is lacking. I'd still recommend it, because I know that pulling this game off is extremely hard, and the devs did not fail terribly at doing so. They didn't pull it off great, just fine, but it's not game-wrecking either.Hack 'n' Slash has a certain sense of novelty before you buy it. I mean, you gotta change that boolean value to open the door! How cool is that?! But after a while, the more complex puzzles kinda ticks you off with it's complexity. People who have no prior background knowledge or experience with programming will find this game impossible to complete, and will leave it hanging in their game library.The game is largely unguided, so you can actually run off and get yourself into the wrong room/place before completing a certain task, or getting a certain artifact. The game takes the difficulty up a few scary notches late into the story, notably within the castle. I'm no elite programmer by any standards, and I find that giving the entire library of source code in the castle is a little overwhelming. I also did get lost a few times within the game, not knowing if I should proceed this way or that.All in all, I'd say it's a good challenge for those even with a strong programming background. I'd recommend this game, but only if you know some basic computer programming beforehand."
,Recommended,246070,14215666,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Turnoverman,"Note: That ""Reccomended"" does *not* apply to people who aren't programmers. This game isn't for you. If you aren't willing to do a little searching into how Lua do, then it's especially not reccomended for you. Lua's weird.It starts out a tad dull. Just a few silly ""hacking"" mechanics where you can do goofy things like make a turtle have 5e7 hp, do 2.4e6 damage, and friendly. That's alright and all. When I got the chance, I made sure to speed up time to the max and change my running speed to as high as possible.Then you get to the library.The library is where the game really starts. You can go into files as they're running and just screw with them.I once made the game freeze so hard Alt-F4 didn't work by changing a numeric for loop to going from 0 to 0.The code is difficult to edit in that most of the variables are locked from you and what operations are happening are immutable... you just get to screw with the rest. Testing for equality, I see? Let's make that testing for inequality. Working within the constraints given is extrmely entertaining, especially when you're doing stuff you were never intended to. Ihighlyreccomend finding the book in the library foryou.The actual game's puzzles tend to be solved by calling functions that are supposed to be called by the ""success"" script, which gets bypassed entirely, by way of the ""fight starts"" script. That or flipping a loadbool or five.The actualfun, though, that's when you start goofing around afterwards. Tired of thestupid green fire everywhere in the library? Well, what if the init file's ""scale"" were locked to 0? (It makes it invisible).TL;DR: Reccomended for people who like to break things and are already programmers, preferably fluent in Lua, since Lua's weird."
,Not Recommended,246070,13977622,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,A-Spec,"Nowhere near as entertaining as I would have expected, especially considering it came from Double Fine - I love the concept and art style, but it feels like an early access game: Hastily built with very little polish, and with gameplay decisions that really put the player on the back foot. I really did want to to like it, but I just can't recommend it in it's current state :( Might play again if they do some bug fixes, updates or dlc.NOTE: Played it for close to 5 hours, but in offline mode on my laptop, so time wasn't tracked for some reason."
,Recommended,246070,32687760,Posted: 23 June,all,returns_null,"HnS is a very short, deeply flawed, pretty creative puzzle game. If the writing is inconsistent but generally terrible, the puzzles can be unfairly obscure, the soundtrack merits a level ""meh"" if not a disapproving ""feh"" at some times, and it comes off as a prototype that is exceedingly buggy and sometimes hard-crash prone (e.g. the first room in Act 5), why ""buy that for a dollar"" even on DEEP sale?Because the gameplay is pretty unique, and the art is charming (Stacked and this game give a good look at why DoubleFine is kind of like the anti-Kojiman Tarantino of video game limited engagements). You progress from altering a few variables on rocks and turtles (alas, LOGO!) to solving spatial puzzles with non-obvious objects to tugging at a restrictive set of arguments and logical tests directly in a strange room and machine floor metaphor for a program. The final act involves regularly recursing into this ""live-debugging"" process for objects you really would not ordinarily be expected to try to muck about with, and there is a corny endgame, high-concept way of subverting objects that aren't there. A Git-like branching checkpoint system seems cute and overkill at first but will necessitate itself near the end. The game feels like around 3.5 to 4 hours of those comic interludes in Paper Mario, like where you had to bake a cake that one time.For all its quirks, what is maddening is this:* Game is too short to let this wonderful system sink in, but there is also a conspicuous lack of easy-to-have-added polish.* For all various reviewers yammer on about programming, writing scripts is not a capability you ever get; you are purely a saboteur of low cunning who breaks things from within, as advertised. The old hacker ideal of making something is not here unless you want to munge a burning bush to spawn a turtle breeding ground which hatches an outhouse decal. Play Scribblenauts for those shenanigans.* It seems like DF dropped this game like a hot rock, which is just dumb given how this game's potential far exceeds that of their other junk. The game and its main menu strongly suggests moddability, and advertises this, but there is *effectively* no support for Steam Workshop and no easy roadmap to how one might decompile the Lua that is still compiled and correctly package mods. Any community seems to have died long ago, and it is laughable in a truly sad way."
76561197996082013,Recommended,246070,31169014,Posted: 15 April,all,Cyber_Putty,"This game is hilarious, frustrating, fun and we beat it. We as in played with a friend. Some of the solutions need a second pair of eyes if your stuck. The only con I think was that the difficulty went from 4 to 10 about 3/4 of the way through without any prep or guidance. That accounts for the negative reviews I think. If your into problem solving and learning to dig through code then this is for you."
,Recommended,246070,32617473,Posted: 21 June,all,Osixjoh,"I LOVE this game! It's so unique and is a great way of visually teaching the logical thought processes and patterns of programming without scaring people off too much with all the syntax. I'd recommend any hobbyist programmer play this game, as you'll enjoy it and it'll feel comfortable. I'd also recommend anyone thinking about getting into programming to play this game, as it'll help you get into a mindset for programming; this can help you learn HOW to think like a programmer."
76561198030116586,Not Recommended,246070,14393812,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,SuperGrapefruit,"This game is a mess! I have encountedered so many glitches, like walking around out of the map, making a ""quantum leap"" forward, object that can't be picked up, crashing when exiting the game, etc. It can also become quite laggy despite the very simple graphics.The puzzles are not really clear on what you should try to do, and you can just skip some anyway in the most stupid way possible (like just running behind the warden instead of changing your name). There are so many variables you can change and serve no purpose whatsoever, so why were they added in the game?It is not clear who this games is for. Is it for kids, with this cookie artstyle and cheesy dialogue? Is it for people who want to learn programming? Is it for experienced programmers? In my opinion, it is not for any of those.This game is a mess, and I can't understand how this got released. Where is the quality control?"
,Not Recommended,246070,12064636,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Dacia Sandero,This game has a great hacking concept and implementation of that concept; it’s a shame they had poor implementation on the basics.This game could be vastly improved with a map and current objective system. A map+compass system for dungeons borrowed from the Legend of Zelda series is needed. I spent a long time running around and backtracking not knowing where to go until I looked up a walkthrough or turned the game off in frustration.Being lost with no direction != a interesting challenge
,Not Recommended,246070,29641215,Posted: 1 February,all,base,"I will say, the concept of this game is interesting in its own right. However, the execution is not very good.While the start of the game feels neat, it very, VERY quickly devolves into nonsense. Your helping hand is lost along the way and you're left not really understanding how things are supposed to work. New mechanics confuse the player and take a long time to understand. Puzzles are intricate, lacking any guidance as to what they are. Guessing is sometimes the best option and the only option to progress.While I admire the extreme level of depth to the full coding ability of the player, having them be able to physically modify the game's logical engine, it also means the player can very easily destroy everything.Look, the game is interesting, but it's not really fun. Too complicated and without clear direction, it feels like a mess. Trust me, I can code, and this confused me too."
,Recommended,246070,12384586,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Morgan Blair (Shoukanjuu),"I just finished playing ""Hack 'n' Slash"". And by ""finished"", I don't mean ""completed the game""…I got all the way to Act 4, or the ""Tutorial"", at which point the game expected me to modify increasingly complex graphical abstractions of Lua script. I am not a programer (not because I haven't ever tried), so this is the point where the game stopped being at all fun. I'm not saying that I couldn't possibly have figured it out and continued progressing, but…I enjoyed what I played of this game, and don't regret purchasing it. However, I'm a bit disappointed that the game puts up such a brick wall, after what had been a fairly easy learning curve. I very quickly went from an ""I am smart"" feeling to a ""this is the point where I fail to 'measure up'"" feeling."
,Not Recommended,246070,32259057,Posted: 7 June,all,abcq2,"The game is about hacking, and being able to modify the source code of the game. The biggest problem is that the code was written in one language which was translated into Lua, which was converted into Lua bytecode, which is represented as machines. The code is mostly uninteresting generated boilerplate with unclear functionality. Initially you can change variables (as long as you know their names) and eventually you can access all Lua source files.The restrictions for how the game can be modified are pretty arbitrary - I found some of the later puzzles hard only because the 'wrong' solution was so much easier and more obvious than the intended one.The writing and art are adequate, but not really good. The ending sucks (unless the game gave me a boring ending for cheating?)."
,Not Recommended,246070,13629918,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dravvad,"Oh man... This game was terribly disappointing. Do NOT spend your time or money on it. I really can't tell who would be the proper fanbase for this game, or if there even is one.The whole concept is fun and would be awesome if it was applied well, but right now this game is just pretty poorly done. Sure, the graphics took some time, but they're nothing that drastically special. Other than that, most of the game actually seems pretty slapped together by the time you get through it.Firstly, I am a really experienced programmer, at least for 7-8 years now. Obviously, I'm no amazing specialist, but I know waaaaaaay more than anything this game goes into. Even so, I thought it would be interesting. Turns out not.The game has no difficulty as you're basically invincible from the beginning (which is possible through more than just 1 way). Even if you don't make yourself invincible, the fighting really isn't the focus and is pointless anyway.What's more important is the coding and hacking, which is a flop. The majority of the puzzles require barely any thought, except for one or two which require no real thought in programming but more thought in understanding what in the world you're supposed to be going for. For the former, most puzzles simply require setting a value to X or changing a ""greater than"" to a ""less than"" and you're done. For the latter, I mean things like what are required from the Library at the endgame--some are easy, some are just unintuitive to even know what you're meant to edit.Anyway, I beat the game in under 4 hours, probably closer to 3 hours as some of my gametime is spent with the game sitting up. For me, it was boring. For non-programmers, I feel like it would be a pain. The first couple of chapters would be fine, with some general understanding, but once you have non-programmers needing to delve 3+ levels into an object to find some function or variable, they're not really going to understand what this means anymore... they'll just sit with their game broken into 4 screens, confused.Lastly, the whole story was boring and the dialogue was TERRIBLE. Oh man, I wanted to punch the screen so much, I kept skipping through more dialogue the further I was through the game. It was cheesily stupid to the point where it was annoying. I can deal with cheesiness and love overly-stupid humor, but this game's dialogue was just the worst.Usually I don't come out this gritty about a game, but it's just not done well. I wanted this game to be great, especially from Double Fine, but nope. I've played many other Double Fine games on console before (and bought them again for the PC to play again), but I still stick by (as many others do) Psychonauts being their best.Anyway: Just don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,246070,29636738,Posted: 1 February,all,jercos,"A strong (if confusing) start quickly leads to a downward slide into what can only be described as visual spaghetti code, with puzzles based mostly around reading the designer's mind and associating two visually unrelated in-world objects. Mechanics learned at the start of the game rapidly become effectively irrelevant, and collision detection is questionable.Forgivable for a game under $5 from a no-name publisher, but neither of those things are the case here."
,Recommended,246070,12069106,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Tarek,"On the surface you have a zelda-like game. But then soon you unlock the power to edit the game itself, eventually changing algorithms and becoming a ""wizard"".Really satisfying to play especially if you're a programmer.HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,246070,21284833,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Archidamis,"This game has an interesting story, once you beat it, but game is pretty short if you know what your doing (about 2-3hrs) so the price tag on this shouldnt really be $13.37"
,Not Recommended,246070,34482670,Posted: 25 August,all,Sirithre,"This is a cute concept. But terrible execution.Short plot with predictable story elements and lackluster writing, which is somewhat unusual for DoubleFine.The 'hacking' aspect can be fun, but I can see it being unnecessarily difficult for anyone without at least a passing interest in programming that doesn't already have the fundamentals down. It doesn't really explain much to you, so expect to do a lot of trial and error in that regard.Overall, it took me like ~4 hours total despite getting 'stuck' a few times.While I did get some enjoyment out of it, overall I wouldn't recommend it for the average player, and definitely not at full price."
76561198049183091,Recommended,246070,12542539,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CanisLupus4285,"A fantastic puzzle game from the wonderful Double Fine. You literally go into the game's coding to solve puzzles, which get progressively more complex as you get along. A fantastic concept which is wonderful at first, however later on the more complex puzzles aren't particularly well executed, as they are far too confusing to most people."
76561198132102007,Recommended,246070,29011647,Posted: 4 January,all,nxis,"I really enjoyed this game, but then again, I am a programmer in real life.If you get stuck, go back in time, or use a walkthrough."
76561198032791443,Not Recommended,246070,30324243,Posted: 4 March,all,gamerturtle,"I genuinely tried to play this game. I gave it a chance based on it's developers and concept, but it's just not worth it. This game might be of value to a professional programmer, but not many other will appreciate it. The first act is great, and exactly what I expected. Everything after that is a garbled mess of code that crashes the game, if you are not versed in how to read it. I have never had to ctrl+alt+delete a game so many times.tldr: Great idea, horrible execution."
76561197970653174,Recommended,246070,31291793,Posted: 22 April,all,tran_fors,"Eh... it's worth playing, if you like screwing with games' logic or if you like puzzle games.If you don't like perverting games just because you can, though, maybe give it a pass unless it's on sale.7/10 (8/10, if it's on sale)"
,Not Recommended,246070,14420763,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,rigs19,"Game is unplayable, runs at ~1fps in windowed mode and flashes like a strobe light in fullscreen while running closer to 5fps. Repeated searches on the forums and on the internet in general have revealed no solutions, just other people complaining about the same problem with no fix found. Developer seems not to care. Config file(s) are not generating so I can not change any options to even attempt to get the game to work. Running as admin and in various compatibility modes does nothing, reinstalling the game does nothing, restarting computer does nothing.Running on a desktopi7-960GTX56012GB ramWin7"
76561197969593119,Not Recommended,246070,18843913,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Codc,"LoZ-like adventure game where you beat the game by modifying LUA scripts. Sadly, the actual LUA coding part only lasts about 30min at the end of the game and you may as well never reach that part as the game is riddled with game breaking bugs and crashes.I was not even able to finish this game as, after defeating the last boss, you need to move into the next room and the game crashes every time you enter it.Fun times."
,Not Recommended,246070,31046450,Posted: 9 April,all,Mephobia,"The idea of ""changing the codes of the game"" is pretty cool. It can be perfect for a programming course or lua 101. But making a game with this idea would be really tough. As a programmer, I feel like working while playing Hack 'n' Slash. Actually, you're debugging a game! It is fun for a short time, well, at least you learn what we're dealing with while making games.Also puzzles are not fair, e.g. write two strings to open to door and there is no clue about it."
,Recommended,246070,13682458,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Roxor128,"This is a case of ""good idea, bad execution"".The first half of the game is quite easy, while the second half will have a lot of players (programmer or not) turning to the walkthrough. Not least because there's no reference for the in-game programming language and it doesn't do much to ease you into it. Yes, there is a tutorial of sorts, but it's not very detailled and there's little progression of code-based puzzles before the final assault on the villain's castle, resulting in a massive jump in difficulty.An in-universe book on the language for us to keep in our inventory would have been a huge help.Another complaint is that of clunky interfaces. Modifying numerical values requires scrolling through them until you hit the one you want. Why not just let us type the desired value in?The code-modification system is also very clunky. It's implemented as a sort of dungeon. It would be a lot easier and faster to use if we could just enter a text editor when viewing code and type new code.Overall, it feels incomplete and needs work, but it's interesting nevertheless.Only reccommended if you can get it really cheap or as part of a pack containing multiple other games you don't yet own."
,Recommended,246070,12047779,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,A Boundless Set Of Possibilities,"Incredible freedom, limitless experimantationThis game is incredibly original and brilliant beyond measure. The game, to me, is reminiscent of Scribblenauts, as the player is rather overpowered. Such power, though, leads and infinity of almost boundless possibilities. I wouldn't recommend this game to speedrunners, as I believe trying to find the most fun solution to a problem is the best aspect of this game. The time travel mechanic really encourages experimentation, even when reckless.Well worth your money and your time.import steamLibrary|if not hackNSlash.bought then|   HackNSlash.buy()|end"
,Recommended,246070,10062093,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,[AS]Ark626,"A nice ride into the world of hacking things. Thanks to the fact that i learn that hacking stuff since long times i can tell that in this game you are really confronted with some of the fundamental concepts of hacking.Catching passwords trough some unwanted outputs or changing of global variables are just a few of them.Also you get familliar with the think outside of the Box expirience a hacker needs each day. I only whish that there are more upcoming eastereggs and some funhacks you can do if wanted. I alsohope that there will be more than just the final dungeon.More maps and a little bit more stuff in general.Beside this fact and trough its early access the game offers a nice playtime and is also underlined with funny dialoges and a catching story :DThe start was a bit greedy on functions, but soon after the first boss the real hacking skills were needed :DIll give this game 8/10 in its current state (there were some crashes but because off the way the game is made it never REALLY crashed just the room restarted and often it was my fault for hacking sth. into an infinite loop ) also a little lack off content but this is early access and the devs have some time left to make new content and More stuff.For everyone intrested in programming and/or (logical or) zelda this game is fine and worth the 20 Bucks (i expect that moar content WILL come)"
76561198053360081,Recommended,246070,29265798,Posted: 14 January,all,Flamel,"Yes for game, no for price. Get it on sale.Great conceptThis is very interesting game. It allows players to access part of the source code to hack or change the game.Anyone who is interested in programming would like this idea and should try this.However, poor performanceGame is very unfriendly, no ""teaching purpose"" really.Game is more about hacking and debuging than ""programming.""Anyone without programming experience is discouraged.After ending, nothing much to do.Still, worth a try if on sale"
76561198000464258,Recommended,246070,23176266,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Duo34,"I baught this game a little under 5 hours ago and just finished it, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is bizzare and weird and wonderful. You probbably need a decent grasp of how coding works to get the most out of the later parts of the game, but you don't need to have actually made a game before, I got by just fine with the gist of algorithms and a coupple of hours flailing about. It was a really cool and fun game, I really liked how open ended the later half of the game was, even if it ment having the entire universe collapse a few times. The early parts of the game are the simple ""Hack"" stuff, edditing a few select values, but later on the game litterally lets you edit the .lua files and really mess with it.Not everyone will like this game, The later half can be frustrating if you don't have a clue what you are doing, but ♥♥♥♥ing up and breaking with everything was part of the fun for me.I can definately see why people would dislike this game, the ""Hack"" stuff at the start of the game puts it into the wrong light.Also supprising, the character design is really really good. There are like 5 or 6 characters in the whole game but I really enjoied the art and characterization of them.Well worth the about 14 dollars I spent on it, but if you are on the fence and not confident in your ability to read code, maybe wait for a sale.P.S. This may be the only game in my library that I can ♥♥♥♥ up so badly that I need to re-install every time I want to make a new game."
,Recommended,246070,13457570,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Ediz,>make a turtle's behaviour bad>it pushed me right down to hill>universe has collapsed error10/10 WOULD RE-LIVE THIS MOMENT AGAIN.
76561197970913961,Recommended,246070,30186654,Posted: 25 February,all,leppi2k,"Don't think I've ever seen programming conecpts so deeply required for completion of a game.  I'm not sure I can recommend to gamers in general, but for a niche that I'm in, it was a very fun game, so I will mark the review as ""recommended"".I had to resort to a walkthrough a couple times for some of the programming tasks, and the funny thing was I could solve those puzzels in completely different ways.  Amazing that you had something like edit rights to the same game you were playing. :)If you are a software developer, you owe it to yourself to at least check out the game."
,Recommended,246070,20255142,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Queen of Hearts,"Intresting concept, I recomend"
,Not Recommended,246070,22367904,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Cog117,"TL;DR at bottom, if you want.I'll be honest, I tried to love this game. I thought this game was right up my alley, being as I love programming, I love puzzles, and I love the Legend of Zelda-like look to it, but overall, this game was just completely underwhelming.In general, the core mechanics of this game aren't all to great. Sure it seems cool looking at all the things that you can do, and all the possible puzzles, but nothing really feels very interesting. So many of the encounters you have are just the samet thing of dodging the enemy, reprogramming the enemy to something else, and repeat. It may seem pretty cool, and pretty limitless, but theres almost nothing interesting you can do. This game also looks like it has a lot of exploration to it, but it's really just extremely railroaded with the illusion of being truly open world. Its like ""Sure you could go this way, but it doesn't lead anywhere for you right now and you don't get any hint what you need or how to get it.""On top of this, the challenge in this game comes from the wrong place. It should be in the interesting combat which changes constantly, but it's extremely repetetive, and you can become practically invincible extremely early on. The real challenge is the puzzles and the feeling of ""Am I doing this right? I have no idea"" and then going to the ""There has to be another way, or some hint"" but being as it's very railroaded, there's no hints, and nothing else to do other than look up what to do online, and being completely underwhelmed by the solution.Just overall, this game was a tremendous disappointment for someone who wanted to love this game, and if you're on the fence about buying this, don't.TL;DR: I would have loved this game, but I've only had experiences that are underwhelming, boring, repetetive, and just infuriating. Do not buy this game unless you want to just refund it."
,Not Recommended,246070,15133778,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,CharlieLima79,"'Hack 'n' Slash' resembles 'The Legend of Zelda', but with hacking puzzles. It sounds like a good combination in theory, but not so so in execution. What I love about 'The Legend of Zelda' games is the sense of adventure they convey and the freedom they give you to explore. 'Hack 'n' Slash' lacks both early in the game, and by the time the so-called ""adventure"" has begun, I had grown disinterested.The early hacking puzzles were amusing at first. The game doesn't seem to give the player much of a tutorial on what to do with each weapon or artifact and how to ""hack"". Worse, many, if not all, puzzles reset after you returned from the next area. This made the puzzles repetitive and annoying quickly. Furthermore, it feels that your actions in the game have little consequence on your suroundings. It also doesn't help that objectives of some puzzles are not clearly explained.Prior to playing 'Hack 'n' Slash', I had less-than-exciting first impressions of 'The Witcher' and 'LEGO: Batman'. I was really hoping third time's the charm, but that is not so. I can't recommend 'Hack 'n' Slash'; it is a great collection of ideas, but quite unpolished. If only someone could hack it and make it better."
,Not Recommended,246070,33984406,Posted: 2 August,all,Faelim,"A really neat concept with occasional brilliant means of execution marred by questionable design choices and a terribly steep difficulty curve.When you first hop into the game, it throws fairly simple trial-and-error concepts at you with well named variables that allow you to fairly quickly comprehend what you're doing and how it works. Unfortunately, each new concept is tossed at you as a one-off novelty that is quickly replaced with the next step, which really detracts from the exploration of the concepts.Before long, you are given incredible power to really delve deep into how each thing works... to the point where you can crash the game. Over and over. Trial and error becomes a test in monotony as you sometimes lock-up the game and have to reload. On occasion, it can be hard to tell if it's due to something you caused or a bug in the game (and trust me, there are definitely bugs). And boy oh boy, let's hope you have experience in reading LUA, because I sure didn't and I found some of the puzzles incredibly obtuse to solve (I am an intermediate programmer, otherwise).I did find that, shortly after the halfway point, my patience for solving some of the puzzles wore thin and my investment did not match the feeling of achievement anymore. I'd end up referring to a walkthrough after a few minutes of skimming over a bunch of confusing syntax. This game is definitely not a tool to learn programming through -- it will only strike fear and apprehension into the hearts of novices.Also, there are way too many ledges to accidentally walk off in this game. And the game likes respawning you right on the tip of the edge so that you'll almost instantly fall again if you're not pressing in a direction away from the edge. Frustration mounts.I really wanted to like this game because I love the idea. But this isn't the fun learning experience I was hoping for."
76561198043683689,Not Recommended,246070,29264125,Posted: 14 January,all,Werewing,"Thankfully I got this on sale.It was amusing, has decent looks, etc.However, it doesn't feel like it developed that much farther than the demo that came with the DoubleFine Bundle."
,Recommended,246070,12571771,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Brinny,The game has an interesting and reasonably paced complexity curve that introduces you to concepts and ideas in a simple way but is ultimately short and the core game feels like it's over as soon as it starts.I would still highly recommend it but only if you want to seek out the most hidden content or set your own goals and have fun altering core aspects of the game.
,Recommended,246070,12304986,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,luis,"This game is absolutely amazing. It would be very hard to finish for people without programming experience though but the game does do quite a good job at explaining the most important things. I really like it because that it's extremely challenging and a lot of fun, and I love how you might crash the game when trying to do certain things. It's definately recommended IF you are a programmer or have interests in programming. If not, then you might have a good amount of trouble getting through the game from act 5 and on."
,Recommended,246070,12047471,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,ReD,"Since I definitely recommend this game I'll start by listing the ""cons"" just to get straight to the point:- The level design is weak. There's a lot of pointless walking in this game, with empty rooms and maze-like paths that ultimately serve no purpose. I haven't finished the game so maybe there's something later on that's supposed to make up for this, but they could have just as easily trimmed down the convoluted paths, or make them accessible only later on with new powers.- The graphics are adequate, but messy. The walkable paths tend to blend into the background and get covered by stuff from the foreground. Seeing how this game take inspiration by Zelda they should have applied one of its most important lessons: don't clutter the screen. I know there's an item early on that clearly shows you the walkable areas, but it's no excuse.- Everything resets as soon as you leave the current ""room"". This avoids getting stuck, but it also means that you'll have to do specific actions over and over again, and seeing how most of this involves hacking it can get a bit tedious.From a purely mechanical standpoint I also have to say that:- only having 5 quick buttons (the space bar and buttons 1 through 4) is just inexcusable, especially seeing the vast abount of items you get to use. Of all games I expected this one to be more flexible in its options section, and to be at least more accomodating towards people who play with a keyboard.- The inventory only displays two rows of items at a time, despite clearly having room for a third one. This is a bit nitpicky, but it also caused me some confusion when I got an item that went in the third row of items, which I couldn't see at all until I scrolled down.The pros are fewer in number, but ultimately redeem the game in my opinion:- The mechanics are really a lot of fun to use, and very insightful when it comes to game development. You can speed up and slow down time, change the beaviour of enemies and traps - and even of your own character! - and see behind the curtain of the graphics.- The puzzles can be really creative and complex, requiring you to think outside the box and make full use of your powers.Overall my impression is that a simpler, cleaner graphic style and more concise level design would have served this game much better. Aside from that it's definitely worth a try."
76561198035507946,Not Recommended,246070,12182346,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,aliasmcname,"There is a lot of potential in this game. Unfortunately there are also quite a few bugs. Additionlaly, there is not enough content to make it truely worthwhile.In short, a great idea that needs to be expanded before it is ready for the big time."
,Recommended,246070,12881688,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,crippknottick,"It's cute, it's intuitive, and it's fun to play.Hack n' Slash is a Legend of Zelda-like game where gender roles are reversed ala Peter Pan style. You are Alice (by default or whatever name you want to give her). You begin the game in Act 2 finding yourself in a cage in a cave. (You'll know more about Act 1 later in the game.) You attempt to use your sword to break open the door of the cage, but your sword breaks. Now you can access the game's code on objects you attack with the broken sword. It's like tweaking game .ini or .xml configuration files in real-time. Want to unlock that door? Set it's DoorLocked flag to 0.But it's not as simple as just 'cheating' your way through the game like with the opening act in the cage. There are some pretty tricky puzzles to solve where hacking certain objects or even global values is needed to solve some of them.You'll encounter unique gear such as the Wizard Hat that allows you to see the game's raw pathing map layout, or artifacts that allow you to change the day/night cycle time and time ellapse speed. There are also some familiar items such as the classic blue boomerang. This boomerang though, allows you to attack, thus hack, yourself.The music is charming and the visuals are genuinely unique. Everything is hand drawn 2D, and the music has a classic midi feel to it.The game is kind of short though, so I won't tell you too much more. I hope this review helps you in making your descision on purchasing or not this game."
,Recommended,246070,33056368,Posted: 30 June,all,smartyhall,"It's not the best game for a general audience, but if you have some understanding of programming and like an quirky self-modifying game where the only way to win is to intentially break the game, you'll love this!"
76561198084461141,Recommended,246070,32887111,Posted: 27 June,all,Kerneltt,Amazing:literary Object Oriented Programming The Game!!!
,Not Recommended,246070,28622309,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Scezumin,"The premise is interesting, though the beginning is a slog.  Can't tell you if it picks up, though, because I managed to get my first universe crash (cute) and now my save will no longer load.  I'm not going to replay the boring first part of a game that has just broken my trust when it comes to its ability to save and load.  Disappointing."
,Recommended,246070,13451831,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ohgoditburns,"Really entertaining game. The earlier stages are pretty intuitive for anyone without programming knoweldge, but the endgame stuff seems like it might be a bit more difficult.The game content is built as a puzzle that you use 'hacking' to solve. Would have been fun to have a more normal rpg style game with the additional hack element, but this is good too.Only complaint is that it was pretty short.All in all, one of the better games I've played."
,Recommended,246070,13356499,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Izzykun,"Really a cool game if you are interested in programming. Can be buggy at times, but few games let you touch the code as much as this one does."
,Recommended,246070,20715640,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Bubbat75,GOOD ALSO BADgood=awesome programming game for programmersbad=Theres so many problems with the games lua i dont know where to start...OH WAIT THIS IS A LUA GAME
76561198068919027,Not Recommended,246070,15936440,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,dana13424,"This game is interesting, breakable, funny, and well put together....however i don't have any desire to finish it. You are given no direction, and even walkthroughs are confusing. Because you can break the game basically from the outset, it's hard to figure what the solution to the puzzle is. Some can be deduced, but others require information that you really couldn't figure out without random guesswork. For example, one item can bounce off walls, and at angles, but how and when it can do this is arbitrary.Most things speak english, but item based anything are usually in a code of some sort. One is in what looks like feedback from an old TV and another speaks in arabic (i think). When i looked up what these items/characters actually did, i couldn't help but wonder how i was supposed to figure that out myself. There may be a way, but i never found it, which brings me to my next pointYou can do things out of order, in unintended ways, and in completely broken ways. For example, One puzzle required both character/items i had obtainedto change my namebut i did it in a much more simplistic and sane wayi hacked myself, ramped my speed to max and ran past the warden...I technically didn't need any story important items to progress, and you can get near infinite health and health pickups within 20 minutes. The gameplay was fun, but the lack of any sense of direction was crippling. the lack of boundaries, and the ""do whatever you can think of"" makes for a very loose experience.Basically this game is a very oldschool game mashed with newer mechanics and systems. If you loved the first Legend of Zelda for the NES and wished it was made to be more modern, this game is for you. If you prefered later games like Link to the Past or Ocarina of TIme, this game will be an exercise in disappointment."
,Recommended,246070,32163984,Posted: 3 June,all,IcyCyborg,Like the Legend of Zelda but for Hackers.
,Not Recommended,246070,21895587,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Syrsly,"I found this game absurdly buggy.  The interface was controller-friendly, though.  I also like the concept behind the game.  The overall experience was just too buggy and frustrating to recommend buying the game at any price.What the game has going for it is a vector art style similar to a typical Flash-powered game.  Whether or not this game leveraged Flash is beyond my knowledge, but it looks like all the art was drawn in Flash or a similar vector drawing tool.  it also has one of the coolest concepts ever seen in action RPGs: hack things using their USB ports.  It's not simply a gag, though!  It's utilized at the game's core design level, allowing for very interesting puzzles.  The time travel aspect is cool, too, but I found myself avoiding that aspect of the game as much as possible.Where this game goes wrong is it does not hold your hand enough in the beginning and has a very unintuitive hacking interface.  There's a slab near the beginning that shows you code that you can't edit at all... though it spawns a chest right away... not sure if that was hinting that future puzzles would use these slabs to give you clues, but that's my assumption.  Anyway, a lot of the puzzles can be messed up and require you to really think about what you're doing.  You have to contend with the game's poor implementation of riding on moving platforms, like swimming turtles, only to finally get across a small body of water after countless times getting pushed into the water by invisible forces.  Mildly frustrating... becomes tedious... becomes too tedious to keep going.  During playing this game, I felt like it would be easier to code my own game from scratch than it would be to play this game about hacking a game's logic.  It's silly, because I could just as easily really hack the game and just beat it right away, ruining what little gameplay the game provides."
,Not Recommended,246070,20270823,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,WolfSeven,It crashes very often
76561198020278171,Recommended,246070,12413173,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Josh,"This is clearly not your typical RPG, and thats ok.If you don't have any programming experience, you probably won't be able to get very far into act 4 without looking up solutions online, and it will take a lot of the fun out of it.  This game is not meant to teach you programming, it just has fun with programming concepts.In this game, you are encouraged to do crazy things and exploit 'glitches'.  You can give your self obscene amounts of health, change lines of dialogue, teleport into inaccessible areas, and all kinds of things.  Theres even a modification you can make to your character so any and all damage taken is ignored completely!"
,Recommended,246070,10049065,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,c0reSkree,"I have 1009 hearts not sure if its a bug, or an intended feature.You don't know whats a bug and what's intendedAlso you don't know where to go to progress.Its in early access, so you might want to wait8/10 IMO at its current Early Access State (Will update once fully released)"
76561198061976113,Not Recommended,246070,10289387,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,jshgllghr,"DO NOT BUY Game is still too buggy. Fun concept, but I can't even get it to start up again now. And yes I do have a decent computer, updated graphic drives, etc...even deleted and re-downloaded the game in case of data corruption. I do not have the patience to deal with this right now, and hopefully ill be able to update this review if/when this issue is fixed."
,Not Recommended,246070,12670230,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Mr. Food,"Look, I would love to recomend this game, I would. There's so many great ideas. Hacking the code of the game could make for something magical, But it turns into a lengthy challenging puzzle grind at the end for anyone who doesn't know any programming. I can't say you're going to like more than the first 1-2 hours.More in depth review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXc4jP_0dBI"
,Not Recommended,246070,13510984,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Like all games that Double Fine put out after the year 2006, Hack 'n' Slash is an unfinished, unpolished, buggy mess that the developers promptly abandoned the second that the money stopped coming in. Tragic, too, because this is a game with *enormous* potential. Another review pointed out that the game, as it stands now, would have been a great tech demo - but instead, they're charging full price for 3 hours of crashes, laughably unintuitive script editing, and puzzles that are not only unfinished, but go out of their way to point out that they're unfinished.I had fun with this game, but I don't think many people would. Nonprogrammers aren't going to understand the programming, and programmers are going to be put off by the bizarre, stylized way the scripts are presented to you. Do not purchase, and stop giving money to Tim Schaefer, who is an unrepentant con artist."
,Recommended,246070,10182485,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Mr. Blue,It's fun. I'll give it that. The hacking mechanic is implemented well. But wait for it to be a little farther in development before you buy it.should have bought Transistor.
,Not Recommended,246070,12196218,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,朝寝坊,this game sucks
,Recommended,246070,12283821,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,KestrelPi,"I'm finally starting to get stuck into act 5 of this game now 1.0 is out. It's probably one of my favourite Double Fine games ever so far. It really delivers on that concept of delving into the game code in a really clever way. I feel smart solving stuff, and don't feel like I'm being guided toward the solution in a really heavy-handed way.It's a difficult game to get into if you're not willing to get your hands a little dirty. It rewards experimentation and isn't going to necessarily teach you all the steps so much as give you a bunch of tools and let you play. That's not to say there's no gradual introducing of concepts. There is, but it's not afraid to introduce quite a few new concepts at a time and expect you to wrap your head around that. It's a bit like SpaceChem in that you feel a little less like you're finding 'the' solution and more like you're given the tools, and with them you craft a solution. I find that very refreshing, but your mileage may vary!One issue I've had is that the build doesn't seem entirely stable on my machine, I get a few crashes to desktop here and there. But they're pretty rare. Actually, when you mess with in-game code in such a way that would usually cause a crash, the game catches the error and lets you reload from a previous save state."
76561197971111112,Not Recommended,246070,13312936,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Slipvyne,"Double Fine is dead to me.  Releasing the source code and saying ""finish it yourself"" is despicable."
76561197987551496,Recommended,246070,12069051,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Mattbazooka,"Hack 'n' Slash is a puzzle game based around modifying the actual game code to get your desired results. This challenging game gives you several in game hacking tools that let you change the universe around you. Although most of the puzzles appear hard they can all be completed quite quickly, only changing a few things per challenge. There are multiple ways to get past any given challenge. Numerous secrets are scattered around the game and in the game files for you to explore."
,Recommended,246070,12412095,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Greg,"I've been waiting for this game ever since I heard about it early this year, and now I've finished it. Shorter than I'd have liked, but much more difficult that I originally thought it would be, especially since I'm a programmer by trade. Overall, a very fun game that I'm surprised hasn't been done sooner!"
,Recommended,246070,12310081,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Ranneko,"Hack 'n' Slash is a fun hacking based puzzle game. It has a good sense of humour and rolls out new mechanics and abilities at a nice pace; unfortunately the puzzle difficulty can be pretty spiky and I am not sure it really provides enough support for someone unfamiliar with programming to have a great time.As the game progresses the level of abstraction increases and so there is a growing disconnect between your actions and the puzzles themselves. The end result is a puzzle solving process that is both more complicated and confusing, which means you really need to enjoy the process of experimenting in those machine states to continue to have fun.If you enjoy programming and puzzle games I definitely recommend it otherwise I suspect there are better uses for your money."
,Recommended,246070,12106705,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,LCruel,"Finished it in about 7 hours, I enjoyed it my self, but I can see why others would not. If your looking for a game like Zelda, this is not what your looking for. It might look a bit similar but the game goals and mechanics are not even close..... unless you hacked in Zelda.If your interested in hacking, cheating, programming or game mechanics in general this could be your thing. However as with hacking and programming you will need to have patience. You will crash the game when you make a mistake, sometimes not immediately but you can expect a crash later on. Most of the times its not a big deal the game auto saves when you enter a room and it takes less then a minute to restart the game.The first half of the game you can play through without any knowledge of programming. Things are presented in such a way that it is simple to understand what to do. The second half of the game there are multiple solutions to a puzzle. If your a hardcore developer you will likely over complicate the solution and ignore the hints left by the game developer. In most cases even the most complicated puzzles are solved by changing one variable to true/false or looking up the super secret password in the code.If you have no programming skills at all you could figure stuff out by deduction. But the last few puzzles have a very steep learning grade, so I would combine this game with a 101 in programming and you will have a good ""hello world"" replacement program to play with. As for anyone else who is not a wanna be programmer I would say stick with your current favorite casual puzzle game."
,Recommended,246070,12155778,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Smurgleflerk,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was hard to understand at first but i got it and the ending was the best.
76561198004351844,Not Recommended,246070,13972039,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ringtail Renegade,I wish I could've made this game and made it alot cooler
,Recommended,246070,13464786,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Nookyava,"Let's start off with the pros.[Pros] >* Very Unique, never found a game like it* Art style is nice to look at and is colorful.* Story is simple but kept together.* It's extremely fun* Gets you thinking[Cons] >* It can be confusing, and I understand the logic. You can go in and literally alter anything (although the game may not like that)* As you get later you can delve deeper and deeper, that expands the confusion especially since there's usually just once answer.* It is a little buggy, at times the game will not work as it should or it might crash.* It is relatively shortI'd give it a 6.5/10,"
,Recommended,246070,13869008,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Pascal98R,"Cool games for the nerds, eh i mean, programmers...."
,Not Recommended,246070,14118871,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,manaox,"I could not get this game to work properly on my system. By properly, I mean display words, menus, anything.... I had to figure out on my own how to get past the first 3 bubbles and  then how to pick up a sword. A menu never popped up, but boxes for my character where text should have been did which I thought was supposed to be some extremely challenging puzzle that I would have to hack through, until I saw the game videos others have. I found it to literally be unplayable. I have had the steam check the files for missing pieces to redownload, no problems. I have approximately 250 games, which all work. I'm a little worried posting this as the forums are full of nothing but problems and there are lots of posts that threaten bans for negative comments.i7 920GTX 970Win 7 Pro 64 bit"
,Not Recommended,246070,13467925,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tainted Fool,No sense of direction.Really hard puzzle if you have no programming knowledge.Really short game too.I can probably speed run this game in about an hour or so now that I know all the puzzle answers.I do not recommend.
76561198010799685,Not Recommended,246070,19645358,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Coromon,"This is my first review but hopefuly not the last, and the next one WILL be positive!Please, if you are not an avid programer do not waist space and or time to download the game, it sounds fun and interesting but in reality it is everything but fun, PERIOD"
,Not Recommended,246070,22962404,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,FBN,Nice idea for a game but DoubleFine proves once more that they are terrible in greating a finished game.
76561197992614493,Not Recommended,246070,13397886,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,j mack,"I like the idea of the game, but I found the execution to be lacking. As someone who codes professionally I found presentation of the code to be difficult to understand and the ability to modify code too limited. Simple solutions like not calling harmful functions were not available forcing you to rely on much more difficult solutions. Even with these setbacks I still finished the game in 4 hours."
,Not Recommended,246070,20515637,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Midnightcurse,its ok. good if you get it on sale.
,Recommended,246070,33105847,Posted: 1 July,all,sonic65101,"Really amazing game, lots of fun. Some of the puzzles are difficult, but still fun to solve. My only complaint is that the story is too short. Hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,246070,32055117,Posted: 29 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,246070,13823294,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Minkshaman,Not too happy with my purchase. It's a bit rubbish.
76561198081804585,Recommended,246070,14028980,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Apfelbox,This game is definitly not for everybody. Some coding skills will definitly improve your experience.The hacking theme is one of the greatest ideas i've seen in a long time!Great riddles and a lot of fun moments.Dont't get this game if you are fast frustrated ;)
,Not Recommended,246070,14066185,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,JamesRGB,Makes a great first impression but is harmed by its intentional obscurity. More than half of the time I've spent in the game was spent wandering aimlessly around waiting to find something actually solvable.
,Not Recommended,246070,14079944,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The_@&$%#*+€¥|,Not my style.
,Not Recommended,246070,14091275,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,feelsbadman_irl,"Not recommended. I was enthused by the idea but the execution is very hard to like.The possibilities are pretty good being able to essentially approach puzzles in different ways to solve them.. but they totally forget about the fun. The first screen is boring as hell - but you need to complete it twice to get the first artifact in the game - no shortcuts here, ladies and gentlemen. Then there's a second screen completely void of anything to interact with .. um.. exciting?Third screen and you're in a mazelike area that involves way too much repetitive crap (hack rock to move it 1 space. hack next rock. hack next rock. etc) and then contains a treasure chest with a 'puzzle' that essentially encourages you to speed up the passage of time (ie make your screen go from dark to light every few seconds [yep just as irritating as it sounds] for a total of 10000000 cycles just to earn another item. That's not fun, or rewarding. It's useless timewasting busywork.It's a personal thing but I also hated the characters / art .. that sort of half tongue-in-cheek villain gives me the ♥♥♥♥♥. It's like a horrid bland half arsed effort from someone who once watched an Adventure Time episode, but understands none of what makes it work.Finally the 'feel' of moving around etc also - plays like a buggy platformer rather than something from a big studio with plenty of glitching off edges and never quite knowing if you're going to be hit. Even the time speed up / slow down device is more trouble than it's worth.So yeah didn't like this? Hopefully someone decent can steal the idea and actually put it to good use."
,Recommended,246070,13888886,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,[DB]wbcmac2000,
,Not Recommended,246070,13978386,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Velocity,"I love Double Fine, but this game disappointed me. It had hoped that there would be much more to the programming aspect than was delivered. Not only that, but the game feels somewhat cheap. Playing this game felt like a chore, with little to no payoff. The amusing price of $13.37 is too much for this game in my opinion, and while I understand the desire to be self-referential on that level, the product isn't worth half that."
,Recommended,246070,15556085,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Bart,liked it.
76561197984755465,Recommended,246070,12194205,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ERADICATOR,"Starts out kinda slow, but don't let that be why you don't get this... It's starting to get very interesting as it is always changing how you solve your problems. Based off what I've saw so far, if you are into programming then you will like this game as it progresses."
,Recommended,246070,12197688,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Kalado,"Ever felt like the challenges in your game are artificial and there is only one planned way to continue?Not here! Start the game in the mindset of playing an adventure in the likes of Legend of Zelda and be prepared to get your brain squeezed. The beginning is innocent, change the damage value of an enemy to -5 and the attack speed to 100 and you have your personal heal slave. But this ""false"" sense of godlike powers will betray you quickly. When you start diving deeper and deeper into the code of the game you will regret the day you decided against trying to learn a programming language.This is an extremely hard puzzle game which you will quit halfway through or really have learned something at the end and managed to solve a real challenge.If you are a fast learner, logical, or have experience in just understanding coding logic you might want to check this game out."
,Recommended,246070,12209255,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,robofin117,This game combines Computer Science learning with puzzle solving. It is simply fun.
,Recommended,246070,12213974,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Cool McJones,"Hack 'n' Slash is a lot of fun! The core mechanic of changing the game engine while it is running is really compelling, and leads to very open-ended puzzle design. Be aware that:The game isn't perfectly polished. There are a few rough edgesYou might find the game fairly hard if you've never programmed beforeThe game is fairly shortIf you can look past these, you'll definitely have a good time."
76561197979352661,Recommended,246070,12225762,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,system1016,"Very entertaining game, but sadly a bit short, having beaten it in ~5 hours, and that included having to redo a large chunk of the game because you can easily bypass a very important step by mistake, so maybe 3.5 hours or so to get through everything.  Still, the concept is a ton of fun, and as you get near the end of the game problems have several solutions because of the power of the tools you're given.  You can for example modify a trap so that it never triggers, or that it does trigger but doesn't do anything, or that it triggers but doesn't do damage, etc.  Actually I modified one of the rooms to have the entrance take me to where the exit was supposed to, bypassing the puzzle entirely :DSo, I highly recommend checking it out due to being so much fun and an interesting concept, but I do caution that the game is SHORT, and even more so once you get the coolest tools.  Maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,246070,24156364,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,daanolav,"Really well-made.I am not that far yet, but i have seen people playing this and i think it is amazing."
76561198040756820,Recommended,246070,15068110,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Chocos Ramabotti,"Great game with an unique concept which I haven't seen in any videogame yet.programming skills with lua could be helpful but aren't necessary. There are a lot of things which can be handled by trial & error as well.And trial & error was never so much fun, like in Hack & Slash"
,Recommended,246070,19589020,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,sukhmel.v,"I would definitely recommend this one to anyone who wants to get some progamming tests in a form of a game.On the bright side:+ pretty fun, although sometimes humour is not so exquisite ;-)+ it's programming, you can improve your skillzDrawbacks:- pretty hard and restrictive in programming part, will not do for a beginner, I believe- has some bugs that will probably never be fixed- short, although this allows for an intense one-night playthrough session- pretty much no replayabilityTo sum up, this one is good, if you get it with a discount, otherwise it can wait... possibly forever."
,Recommended,246070,19349694,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,DinoDoesStuff,Fun on a bun!
76561198031012411,Not Recommended,246070,14289772,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ancel De Lambert,"The game is interesting at first, but quickly falls apart as you are left with no clear clue as to where to go, but worse, no clue as to what to hack. The hack rooms very VERY quickly become a forest of code that is hard to even figure out what it DOES, never mind what you want it to do. This isn't helped by the color coding of certain variables and constants making them difficult to read, using shades of colors that are indestinguishable from each other. Add to that that some variables/constants/functions are represented by crystals that have only color, but no names (those same colors that your eyes cannot tell the difference between) and you have a recipe for dispair. The end of the game comes so quickly, and expects so much from you that it is nigh impossible to finish the game without a LOT of experience in making games or a guide open in another window. I even question whether someone with coding experience could handle this game without knowledge of the specifics of video games, and therefore a knowledge of where to look. Honestly, don't bother with this game: it's too short, the story is too vague, the enemies and gameplay are too sparse, and the finale is infuriating as you question whether what you are doing will do ANYTHING to the villian as he literally burns the game's folder. I don't know how to feel about Double Fine anymore, beyond dull despair, as I remember the multiple playthroughs of Psychonauts I have completed and loved, rocking back and forth dreaming of a day when Brutal Legend, this game, and DF-9 hadn't shown us that Double couldn't actually FINISH a game if their lives depended on it. I don't think I'll be buying anything from them again, unless it's called ""Psychonauts 2"" because I am a sad-sack who can't let go."
76561198111552865,Recommended,246070,30252111,Posted: 28 February,all,kingerso,"I really enjoyed this game.  The concept was innovative, and it exposes coding concepts to people of all ages.  You learn concepts one-at-a-time, and in late game play can combine them in interesting ways.11/10 - would hack again"
,Recommended,246070,21008245,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dysangel,"This game has an amazing concept, and is turning into one of my favourite games ever. Still haven't completed it, but after finding the Library in the DourTower, I've been a bit blown away by just how much you're allowed, and even meant to hack to complete the game"
,Recommended,246070,21344687,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Lithium,"For high level programmers;this game will fry your mind.Not because it's hard,but because the syntax for the code you edit is SO ♥♥♥♥ING WEIRD.You will be asking ""Where did this variable came from?"" A LOT.This game is the best hacking game i have ever played.Even if the syntax was seriously weird,it has its own style.Also,it doesnt make you directly edit Lua code.That's huge plus for these types of games.If you want a good hack n slash game,-no pun intended- this is the game for you.10/10 Would ""Princess is in another castle"" again.Also i think i have got the feeling that ppl say they get from Zelda games.(Even if i didnt play any.)"
,Not Recommended,246070,24237226,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,reyqune,"Bought this game on summer sale. It was not worth it even for that price.The concept behind the game is really interesting, but the execution is really poorly done.The puzzles started out a bit boring, but got a bit more interesting towards the middle of the game. But got really convoluted towards the end."
,Recommended,246070,17354415,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
,Not Recommended,246070,22101034,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Mike,"Random, frequent slowdowns. Crashes.Unfinished product. Avoid DoubleFine games."
,Not Recommended,246070,28232585,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Exiled,"For some reason this game just doesn't get to me. I might get wrong impression because I barely played it, not even an hour but something is just pushing me away from it.I don't feel it's as innovative as creator(s) wanted it to be, this switching of values looks nice at first, but in fact what I experienced is a dull gameplay. I don't like the overall graphic style, looks like some old ugly cartoon for me. But I'm not blaming anyone, just saying it's not for my taste.It seems to have a decent storyline and I liked the funny dialouges, but overall I feel like it would need a lot of polishing for me to pick it up. But maybe if you're indie hardcore fan, you like platformers and zelda alike games with a bit of twist, you might like it way more then me."
,Recommended,246070,13500350,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Lol Yup,"Requires these stats:Intellect 9Humour 7Basic Programming 10Puzzle Solving 12Provides these bonuses:Gamefeel 9Story 7Soundtrack 10Controls 8Imagine Link to the past but instead of the Master Sword, it's the Master USB drive. 9/10"
,Recommended,246070,12783002,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,liam.luigi,"great game, love the cartoony style and the funny sense of humor. at first i thought that the game might become too easy because i could simply hack my way past all obsticles but somehow this game finds a way to balance out every aspect.although there was one small problem, in the big levels like the beach area or the big castle room, i get unplayable lagg, although its probablty my computer, the game is so good that the lagg doesnt stop my from playing."
,Not Recommended,246070,10091036,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,ShawnMcCool,"This is a cute idea, the animation is nice.. the mechanics work well enough for an alpha game (although, at full-release they'd be underwhelming)..This is an early access game review, so keep that in mind.The game is basically unplayable on Ubuntu 14.04. It crashes as soon as it starts running. It runs better in Windows, but not so much better that it stops crashing altogether.Overall, I find the actual engagement level with the game low. I expect that it'll improve when it's officially released. I'm going to put it down and wait until then.When it's released, I'll see if it will run on my Linux laptop and then update my review."
,Recommended,246070,12067204,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Blonald Blump (Fish Wrestler),"This game is amazing! It is very innovative and fun, with hard puzzles and a rich story. I highly reccomend this for anybody who likes programing and puzzles."
,Recommended,246070,12096226,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,sNaKe (karma),"This game may seem simple at first through the first three acts, the difficulty spikes pertty hard after you get to act four. So only play this game if you truly like programming or enjoy solving puzzles."
,Not Recommended,246070,28457958,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Beanz!,"The game has some really, REALLY good ideas. There are some crazy good puzzles in the game but holy. crap. The writing. It is the cringiest writing I have ever read. The characters try to be funny but just end up being awkward and stupid. I litterally could'nt get through the game because the dialogue was just so unbearible."
,Recommended,246070,12627668,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,AgentOrange,Completed in about 5 hours. A little rough on the edges but a really good game. Has mod support.
76561198025211452,Recommended,246070,12059974,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,rmg22893,"This game is...unique, to be certain. It scratched an itch I didn't know I had. While my playtime does show 7 hours, I effectively beat the game in about four, only getting stuck on the final inch of the last puzzle due to a technicality (and a large amount of second-guessing myself). The game is quite short, almost disappointingly so, and the features available to you advance at a breakneck pace, which is extremely disorienting at first. You gain new abilities faster than I would like, and oftentimes they are not explained or even required for advancement, leaving you with items in your inventory that you have no idea how to use.I used Ida and Halcyon a grand total of zero times throughout the game, and am still unsure as to what they were supposed to be used forAnother issue I have with this game, while not necessarily a ""bad thing"", is that oftentimes you will solve a puzzle without even knowing how you've done it or indeed, what exactly you were solving in the first place. The game's interface, while allowing you to view the code in macroscale, only allows you to edit it inside ""algorithm rooms"", which, besides being clunky on larger scripts, obfuscate the code by only allowing you to see a small amount of the script at a time while editing it, necessitating backing out of the room to view your changes on the code, and even then the behavioral changes to the game will only be apparent once you leave the room entirely. If your solution doesn't work, it's back to square one.Overall, an enjoyable game, but far from a polished experience."
76561197973997469,Not Recommended,246070,13041842,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,[USA] Vic Rattlehead,"Great idea, but failed execution.Having worked in software development, and done my share of hacking, I had high hopes for this game.The rooms that represent programs and functions were slow and cumbersome to navigate, and more a chore than fun."
,Recommended,246070,12212697,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Columbus007,"Really cool idea, and fun execution (execution, get it?).I was hooked the first time I saw a popup that game files were persistantly changed when I played the game."
,Not Recommended,246070,19860787,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,NoahDaGruke,just no....
,Not Recommended,246070,19969867,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,daynexi,"(Preface: game was played in offline mode before going online to post this review, actual playtime: 1 hour 15 min)Too much power is given to the player right away, like God Mode which you can give yourself within less 30 minutes of playing the game. Anyone with or without basic programming knowledge can near instantly get infinite health. This poses an immediate problem as enemies are no longer any threat. Compounding this, all enemies parameters can be changed to make them friendly and EVEN HEAL YOU.Do you like puzzle blocks that can't be pushed? Enjoy changing variables for every one of them then!This game is not fun, it's tedious... much like real programming. Don't get me started on the damn turtle puzzle either. Obtuse puzzles and tedious gameplay. Would not recommend."
76561198114310669,Recommended,246070,24437895,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,technic,"This was the best way to execute an RPG game where you can hack everything, by turning it into a hard puzzle game. Be prepared to get stuck. This game has been great fun so far. It's a shame that it's often overlooked."
,Not Recommended,246070,12075696,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Gaioa,"Must play it if you know and enjoy programming logics. Not otherwise though.As a teenager studying computer science, this game is everything I've dreamt for and beyond, and I'm saying this having progressed no longer than act 4. I have already seen and beaten every aspect of programming that I deal with on a daily basis, and yet I am not in any way bored. I am utterly entertained and challenged for every minute. I have even learned and gotten new ideas from this game alone. Thanks for that, Double Fine.But let's face it, you're probably not a computer science student. And since you're not, don't expect to find the same entertainment as I did. This is not a ah-let's-chill-out-this-afternoon-with-a-nice-little-indie-game-kind of game. This is a game that will test your math- and logic skills to the max. And if you're never written any code, you're pretty much screwed.Don't play it if you don't know a ♥♥♥♥ about programming; find some other game that fits your taste. Steam is vast.Don't play it either if you aim to learn programming; go find and spend money on some proper education.But if you know your way around coding and enjoy a challenge, you have no time or money to lose. Definetly worth 20 euros.Why I have voted it down if I enjoyed it? Because the question is not 'Do you like this game?' but 'Do you recommend this game?'. And since most gamers around here are in fact not future software developers, I cannot recommend it. This game is for a niche audience, and you are almost certainly not within that niche.10/10 for computer geeks.3/10 for everyone else."
76561198064112317,Recommended,246070,11814990,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,HandsomeJack,Really fun game so far but.... a lot of the dialogue and just sometimes out of the blue a bunch of pictures of the character or your fairy shows up and blocks the screen or the text boxes are blocked by random letters. This litterally makes it unplayable.
76561198067091306,Not Recommended,246070,13528896,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Paint,Meh
,Recommended,246070,12058676,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Doctor Normal,Within a few minutes of starting this game for the first time I managed to create a healing raven and a warp turtle. I approve.
,Recommended,246070,12546959,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Gumby,"Double fine returns with a new Idea, incredibly wacky and cheesy at times, this game is one to remember.Pros:Fun to mess withCompletly new ideaModerate graphicsCons:Buggy walkingCheesyer than goat udderseasy to breakbuggy overallannoying charactersBad story6.0/10"
,Recommended,246070,12472177,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Aries,"I like hacking but theres not too much slashing, it's a great game though."
,Not Recommended,246070,22533665,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hydra,"The game is kinda hard. Couldn't really figure out what I had to do.Tbh, you could've done a tutorial on how to do the code based puzzle things.Looks like it could be fun though.All in all, I don't think i'd recommend this to anyone.6/10."
76561198030535829,Recommended,246070,10492122,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Bales,"Watch_Dogs could learn a thing or ten from this brilliant $20 title! Double FIne strikes again! :DIronically, this early access title is not a hack-job, unlike many alphas on the store."
,Recommended,246070,11944241,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,D3U_EX_M4CH1NA,"Definitely fun and entertaining with plenty of challenging puzzles. Can't wait to see what the completed game will be like!Update~ 9/11/14Well, I have to say hands down one of the most fun games I have played in a while. I love how challenging each stage kept getting. Graphics aren't as intense as most mordern games, but nostalgia definitely set in with the Zelda like theme of the game. Perhaps for programmers, they will find the puzzles fairly easily, but definitely worth the money! Hopefully there will be a sequel."
,Recommended,246070,10411552,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,FAT. UGLY. DEAD.,sƃuıɥʇ ʎuɐɯ os ʞɔɐɥ uɐɔ noʎ
76561198015037096,Recommended,246070,10248142,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Freak with a pen,this game looks great... the thing is it keeps crashing on my computer.  so you might want to wait till it's done
,Recommended,246070,10049182,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,zzzackk2468,"Im changing my review back to recomended. It is a good game, somethings are confusing, but hey, its a puzzler."
,Recommended,246070,11182533,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,speirk,"Hack'N'Slash has an interesting mechanic, but it becomes overused very quickly.Thankfully, this game is still being developed, and I am optimistic the polish it lacks nowit will have some time in the future."
,Recommended,246070,10075409,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,hockeyhacker97,"Currently the game is extremly short. It is a fun interesting game with interesting mechanics but the content so far lasts but a few hours supposidly only missing the final dungeon of what the release build will be. It is probably not a game you want to pick up at full price on day one when there is no user created content for it yet, but given a bit of time with Steam Works it can easily gain a lot more content to be worth the asking price.Unless it has a sale before getting Steamworks content I would say hold off on buying the game but definitly keep it in your watch list seeing when there is more content added to be worth the price, the soundtrack is quit good and once the game has enough content to be worth picking up I would definitly suggest getting the version with the soundtrack."
,Recommended,246070,10632725,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Птичий папа,I can be a mother to many turtle. I Happy
,Recommended,246070,11600726,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Kleinaroo,"Very good, but many game crashing bugs have to be fixed, and it's not because of the hacking."
,Recommended,246070,10330965,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,kamakazikitteh,"This game is in Open access ATM its missing its last chapter, its really hard to review these since its a unfinshed product i had Alot of fun with this game it takes really complicated concepts and simplifys them hacking a bush to catch on fire that gives 20 hearts or to reprogram a guards IDLE and walking routes is Really sweet if you like gamesharks/game genie ROM hacking breaking apart games this is worth checking out."
76561198044605352,Recommended,246070,10107593,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Think Box,"This game does a good job at teaching the hacker mindset. Instead of breaking the rules of the game by force, you subvert them by manipulating variables on NPCs using your magic USB sword. Each level is progressively nuanced in it's difficulty, encouraging the player to expirement and think outside of the box. Near the end of the game you actually get to hack simplistic programs that control locked gates. The game is honest in it's visualization of these programs, with both pseudo assembly code and as a series of machines that represent each step of the program."
,Recommended,246070,10422715,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DaNeenja,"Basically ""Legend of Zelda"" the items you recieve change in coding of the in game characters. It can be a very difficult game. If you are like me and skip through the cut-scenes, without looking for any hints of what to do. The plot and writing of the game seems like it is attempting to be too funny, which kinda looses my interest. The art style looks like it was made using adobe flash, which is pleasing to my eyes. The price seems fair for the length if the game, the many unique puzzles, and the tons of gadgets that you get your hands on.7/10 overall"
76561198029059795,Recommended,246070,10514881,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ELMANSIMYANO,"Such a fantastic game! Hella buggy at the moment though. So innovative with incredible mechanics! The whole hacking ability is so cool. It'd be better if there were more hacking options though. Love making those turtles explode! This game has so much potential, it just needs a bit more work."
,Recommended,246070,12081745,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Johny,Weird as♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198034302785,Recommended,246070,11620517,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,mikec,"This is one of the most unique games I've played in awhile. Double Fine did an excellent job creating an adventure puzzle game like no other. I can only imagine the programming FOR the game due to the nature of how these puzzles are created- they definitely have a brain twisting element to them. If you're an adventure puzzle game fan and dig retro 8-bit throwbacks-- give this game a try, you don't be disappointed.I'd love to see a 4-5x longer version with even more complexity- it truly is a unique game play experience where the possibilities of how certain puzzle get solved could be endless.Kudos to the Double Fine team- another excellent game."
76561198042209535,Recommended,246070,11406739,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Mini Jack,Awesome!
76561198091891281,Recommended,246070,10080584,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,TheHorseIsASpy!,i love this game so much thx man
76561197990505705,Recommended,246070,10619344,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,athulus,"Do you like cheating video games, do you fondly remember the top down zelda games of your youth? Hack n Slash might be the game for you. It takes programming and cryptography concepts and turns them into intersting game mechanics and some pretty cool puzzles. It also has some great writing and the two main charactrers dialouge consistently made me laugh. If I have any complaints it is that the game seems short. Keep in mind I have only played the early access version wihich leaves out the 4th and final act of the game. I'm hopeful that this final act will satisfy by combinig the different game mechanics in unexpected ways to make some seriously mind bending puzzles."
,Recommended,246070,10880374,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ComradeNikoli,"I haven't played far into the game yet, but I still am in love with it. Then again, a Double Fine game could never disappoint me."
,Recommended,246070,11977446,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Dicky,"This game is fantastic, I love it, could have a ridable character to travel faster, or the birds that attack you could have more interesting hack options, like you hack one to follow, and when you get three they can carry you to any region you have previously visited, or carry you to travel faster"
,Recommended,246070,10122247,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Zante,The game is very fun and is a way for people to learn some basics about code. The game was really enjoyable however there are stil some bugs such if you die when hacking you get stuck and hacking some objects kill the game. However it is in early access and most of these bugs will be sorted out and it is worth getting now
,Recommended,246070,10207583,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,m0s,"Very innovative concept, although a little poor presentation and gameplay. But the idea is sooooo great it overshadows any con."
76561198036445663,Not Recommended,246070,10955079,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,temoto,"Idea is awesome, premise is great, the actual game has little relation to both.I'm sorry, but ""breaking rules"" only in specifically designed places is called ""following rules"". So, this is a platformer with funny world interaction mode, but there is nothing about hacking or changing rules. In order to pass through rock I must change some variable, that is an imposed rule one cannot work around."
76561198009060224,Not Recommended,246070,13457748,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,xJoba,I bought the game thinking it would be fun. It wasn't. Don't buy.
76561198065842194,Recommended,246070,28178362,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ST0PxistingN0W,Sitck it in there...
,Not Recommended,246070,28303309,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,SpaceCowboy,Teaches you basics and lets you figure it out.great idea butThe puzzles are extremely difficult
76561198066209110,Not Recommended,246070,13359534,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Putrevore,"Ontop of that fact you have to endure painful, childish writing, the art style is the most boring, uninspired eye sore. There is little to no actual gameplay, within thirty seconds you're walking around, utterly directionless on an awkwardly drawn beach area with no map. From there you can walk in a circle, being attacked by birds that you cannot defend yourself from, just continously heal from the burning bushes everywhere? after you've walked in this nice circle though, you drop back into the hole you came from and discover an amazing revolutionary tool which allows you to change the passage of time itself!! would you believe I can now make the days go by up too 80% faster?! How that is at all helpful for my questing through this game I am very excited to find out. I reccomend this game to any of the most die-hard, zelda loving, neck bearding, redditors that mostlikely helped write this piece of uninspiring, culturally dead, generic garbage."
,Not Recommended,246070,12917004,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,jmandenton,"This is the worst game I've ever played. Nothing in here is fun. It's ""light hearted tongue in cheek"" attitude masks the lack of stakes in the story or gameplay. I have no motivation to do anything. At least in a real hack and slash game you have to feel of hitting stuff and the fun of dosging attacks. There's no combat here. It's all some clunky puzzle thing using the same stupid simple mechanics.It's so dumb.I hate it."
,Not Recommended,246070,12066677,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,EpicCJAwsmSauce,"Cool concept, not a cool game....disappointing"
,Recommended,246070,10061494,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Kuro,needs log off option
76561198039021912,Recommended,246070,12059072,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Poop Train Conductor,Really original concept and super fun. Highly recommend.NIPPLE SALADS!
76561197993670834,Not Recommended,246070,10039751,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Zeph Grey,"Even as an early access game, it doesn't seem to be doing much with it's core mechanic of hacking in-game items to alter the world. In fact, the alterations by and large felt unfulfilling, and in a lot of ways, simply an unneeded gimmick. I was willing to accept that until I hit a puzzle where I have to float around on invisible panels to slowly tweek the movement of a series of rotating rings.  It took way longer to complete than was entertaining. The hacking of each individual guard to get through certain areas gets tedious fast.I'll give the devs props on some things.The fact that the game runs in it's own virtual environment allowing it to restart seamlessly when crashes occure (and I assume they will even in the fully released game) is great design, and the idea itself is a very unique break of the 4th wall. Other issues, such as it's almost complete plotlessness might be ironed out as development continues, but there are many others that seem likely to not be.The hacking, as I said, get tedious fast. The art style often leaves it difficult to tell the difference between walls, cliffs, and walkable areas without the use of the hat or info opacity tool (which really seem to do the exact same thing).  Which okay, the invisible platporms you use that ability for are okay at best, but it shouldn't be needed just to walk around some areas.All this culminates in an unltimately frustrating gameplay experience that I'm not sure the original idea driving it can make up for. I'll probably come back to it later, but AS IT IS NOW, I can't recommend this game, hence the rating of NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198018605188,Not Recommended,246070,12047827,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,legolasmikey,it gives no directionawsome concept though
76561198117244179,Not Recommended,246070,12058908,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,✪Pink,I have a huge problem where I can't even load into the game  I just get stuck on a page saying looking for subscriptions and it never ends. Please help.
,Recommended,246070,12037699,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,dani485b,It would be nice seeing multiplayer added in :DEdit: since this review have gotten so much attention.. i thought i'll write a real reviewReview: You start if as a unnamed person you name and get a red blob you also name then comes a sword/USB witch has the abillity to change the properties of anything with a USB on it and here the story starts (Go and buy it to found that part out) the gameplay is great and still a bit buggy but they have listened and all of the game breaking ones are gone. i recommed it for anyone with a small understanding in programming to start with. and for people who loves a good puzzler.About me: i'm a 14 year old boy with the name of daniel and i live in the kingdom of denmark
76561198012657023,Recommended,246070,12040736,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Frontline Plus,"Sometimes, i go under my bed and pretend that i am a carrot... :^)"
76561198002237887,Recommended,246070,12038734,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Mick,It's good
,Recommended,246070,12067618,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Folklorist,MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING LOGIC GATES! WOO!
76561198033565318,Recommended,246070,12092628,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ToiletHammer,"And this is why I simply love Double Fine products. They have a keen knack for making quirky and fun games. Now if only they could have the money to put such gifts towards a *certain sequal* to a game about children with off the walls abilities of psychokenisis, if you know what I'm sayin'. All in all, I didn't even know that it was Double Fine when I snagged it on Steam, but from the bit that I've played (not even to the first boss and my computer made it crash T-T), I've really enjoyed the experience of coding my environment and enemies, being an amateur programmer myself. Gameplay wise, the idea behind  letting the player program the game for you is fundamentally lazy, like if Scribblenauts asked you to also name all of the objects in its data. Double Fine has seemed to do well despite this and has many interesting and humorous  ways of interaction via the USB-sword you get at the start of the game.My complaints are such however:1.) I've played for less than an hour, and I'm nearly to the first boss out of pressumably no more than 10, not including the final boss, so it is presumably VERY short.2.) Because of this shortness, the game feels VERY rushed, from meeting the sprite, finding the sword, fixing the swamp, etc.3.) It is very possible to screw yourself by messing too much with the coding, making the Time-Space amulet both necassary AND your best friend for when you are wanting to♥♥♥♥♥♥around."
76561197972458972,Recommended,246070,12075568,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,maji,Fun game with fun puzzles.  One issue though is that it is pretty buggy... usually the answer is to just warp back to the previous screen to reset the game and redo what you did (ranging from true/false to not registering to just not being able to push a basic box).  The problem being it's impossible to tell if you're solving the puzzle wrong or the game is bugging out.  So I definitely recommend playing with a strategy guide near so you can verify if you've done it right or not.
,Recommended,246070,19123543,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,televised,"Hack 'n' Slash is a gem of a game. Never have I had so much fun, well, learning as part of the games mechanics. I'd reccomend it to anyone with even the slightest interest in coding.The art is fantastic and the characters are vibrant. The game has charm, and I'd love to see more of it. And that's the problem. The game is rather short. It seems that the team working on it was told to pack it up and sell it as is. At the very least, I had hoped for the game to reach a higher level of public appeal and become a primer of sorts to introduce some programming concepts.Anyway, the game is one of the most unique experiences on steam and is well worth your time."
,Recommended,246070,19382160,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,CavemanXIX,its fun enuff said
,Recommended,246070,19365351,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,STiFU,"Excellent brainteasing adventure game for everyone, who knows their way around sourcecodes. Everyone else: Keep you fingers away from this one. You probably won't enjoy it!"
76561197965082374,Not Recommended,246070,19454321,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Never_Sober,"game often crashes when you mess with the code and it doesn't compile right.  When you use the amulet to time travel back, game just freezes, and doesn't load the level.Infuriated me, especially on ""Cave Stash"" level.liked the concept of the game, but with the game freezes, it's hard to really get into it, cuz you have to start that board over again.""Not recommended"" due to constant game crashes.  Game has been out at least a year already, and it's just doesn't feel stable enough to really play with the code."
76561197984968101,Recommended,246070,19386975,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,XTerTriSTL,Hey I got this on the black friday sale at 90% off and enjoyed it for the 6h or so it took me to beat it. Act's 2-4 were great lots of fun but a little short. At 5 takes the programming aspects of this game to another level I really disliked the library aka a visual file system with books that I needed to find and edit. It was hard to navigate and too far removed from the puzzles I wanted to solve. Additionally when hacking I'd read through the code and figure out what I needed to change solve the problem only to find that my solution wasn't editiable.But in spite of all my problems if you can get this game for 90% off it's worth the $1.33 for 4h of fun plus 1h of walkthrough to beat the game.
76561198112827644,Recommended,246070,19331136,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,craftsmaster,Most fun i have had with a game in a long time :) Marvelously introduced realistic hacking mechanics in a game.
76561198045648963,Recommended,246070,19452188,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Vicccious,"I recommend this game on an extreme sale(I paid a few bucks.), as the game itself is fun and all, the humors great, but the game is relatively short, and even shorter if you understand the programming behind it. It could be finished in probably 3 to 4 hours. It took me a bit longer.. as some parts really stumped me.Think.. uh. Link.. but with programming skills? It's a weird but unique game, worth a shot for those.. really into programming.Lots of replayability the more you know.. about well. The ""Hack"" aspect of the game as you can towards the end of the game.. pretty much edit every aspect of it. That in itself for those into that kind of thing could get pretty excited.Hope this helps."
76561198047348711,Not Recommended,246070,19594044,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,umbilicalbungee,"This is a very clever idea for a game, but the execution could have been better. I'm thinking something that would let you write programs which you deliver automatically with your sword blows rather than having to scroll through lots of variables. More sandbox style / action oriented puzzles and ability to really mess up the game itself by hacking. As it is, the game is a bit too linear with some clever puzzles, but mostly one way to get through any given obstacle."
,Not Recommended,246070,19559654,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Meganopteryx,"This game seems glitchy and unfinished. I am disappointed. If you want a game of this ilk, try Glitchspace."
,Not Recommended,246070,19688927,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,ShepherdMonk,"Hack 'n' Slash is disappointing.Great art, humor, and concept--just like any other Double Fine game, but the main ""hacking"" mechanic that is satisfying the first half of the game becomes an annoying impediment down the line. If you don't understand some computer programming, the game becomes awkwardly difficult very suddenly, and if you do, then hacking in the game becomes very frustrating because it disallows multiple and creative solutions to puzzles. On top of all of this, the game will force repetitive dialogue and gameplay if you make a small mistake and have to reset a puzzle. This is the first Double Fine game I don't like very much, but had a lot of hope for. It really just needed to be fleshed out or otherwise consider a steadier curve of gameplay."
76561197972406252,Recommended,246070,20073439,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Isley,I thought I knew more coding than this. But its kinda fun to relearn it! Great puzzle game!
,Not Recommended,246070,22366992,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Gay BirdMom,I thought this was a cool concept but ultimately a boring game and very short! Also I didn't really understand all of the hacks but I'm sure someone else would say that the hacks were wayyyy too simple. I could see how simple they were but I'm not crazy tech savvy so I was just kind of haphazardly guessing.
,Recommended,246070,22076531,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,"Please forgive me, Dr.Volga!","i like the concept of this game, but input long word in this game is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ the input method is like NES. although i know the decipher key, i don't want to input it."
76561197964147328,Recommended,246070,22262688,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Racer,"For people who like adventure games and are coders at heart, this is a fun game. It gets a bit difficult towards the end, but is still good for 5-10 hours of unique gameplay."
76561197974591297,Recommended,246070,21645572,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bedlam,"I really enjoyed the concept. I wish there were more quests to follow, though. The only way to continue getting better at using the hacking tools/weapons, and exploring the game's underbelly, is to play the game over again. It would be great to have additional quests, to keep going without repeating the story and starting over with fewer tools."
,Not Recommended,246070,21613589,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Austin Marcoux,Terrible game. No proper story. Terrible controls. Do yourself a favor: go waste your money on CS:GO skins before you get this TERRIBLE game.
,Recommended,246070,21884020,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,recpie,The first part of the game is really really really funny and interesting. You can change some properties of some objects in the world. Really interesting. You can change some global properties as speed of day/night change and some others.But later you get to change the source code of everything. It was the part I was waiting for but I didn't like it. I would like it better if I could  type the code myself instead of changing TRUE to FALSE or == to ~=.Overall 6/10very hot Sprite and Herospritestoo sad that there is not much of fan-art of the Main Hero
76561197996528573,Recommended,246070,21875113,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,hulkenergy,I recommend it
76561198102957877,Recommended,246070,20012753,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Goodeye,"I love this game, actually quite good, despite fact that it constantly crashes.Please, if you are going to play this game, from Act 1-3 think of what are they trying to tell you, they are trying to make you think logically, from Act 4 the game really starts :)"
76561197971213053,Recommended,246070,13275770,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Bleupomme,Very special
,Not Recommended,246070,13465936,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Drynwyn,"My No recommendation comes with the caveat that if it's on sale for $5 or so, you should buy this in a heartbeat. Why?Great ideas, sloppy execution.The core mechanics of this game are brilliant. Unfortunately, the actual implementation seems to have been rushed out the door a bit. Certain puzzles are frustrating not due to difficult thinking, but because of the difficulty in interfacing with their components.The puzzle shortly after you get the boomerang is a good example of this- one learns that the pyramids  ""offset"" value  can control concentric rings with gaps in them, letting you cause their rotations to sync up. Unfortunately, getting them to actually do this takes a lot of trial-and-error, and not the fun kind.This sort of problem, where you have mentally ""solved"" a puzzle but must still put in several minutes of effort to cause that solution to take effect, repeats itself regularly throughout the game.The hacking interface, while pleasing and atmospheric initially, quickly becomes an irritant and discourages the use of complex hacking in favor of ""Turn Thing Off"" due to the clumsiness in setting advanced things like enemy pathing.There may exist community mods that adress some of these issues, but for now, I don't recommend you pay full price for this."
76561197971249698,Not Recommended,246070,13551706,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Clanky,This game was fun until it turned from a friendly little adventure game to a rediculous puzzle game.
,Not Recommended,246070,13554105,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Gus,"As many before me have said, and unfourtunately what I did not read until after I bought this game, is that in short, great idea, TERRIBLE execution. This is a brilliant concept for a game and has great potential, but it's spoiled by the people put in charge of it. It works I suppose, mostly does what it says on the box, but you kind of forget about that part while wondering how they let it out the door like this. The whole thing feels rather cheap and unfinished, all the graphics look pretty childish, the story has no structure, there are little to no instructions/tutorials for the user, and the maps are nothing but  big images with some hitboxes. It's confusing to try to play through because there's no direction usually. As said previously, it plays like a promising alpha of a game, but for some reason the developers thought that this was good enough for final release. I can't really nail down why this game feels quite so cheap, but I imagine that's because everything is the problem. Everything needs some work."
,Recommended,246070,13515171,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,bblais,"The gameplay of Hack n Slash was excelent and I love the idea of having self-modifying code built into the game. However, the game is quite buggy, I have experienced multiple slowdowns on my desktop and many many crashes. In spite of all these problems I would recomend it to anyone who want a fun and unieque puzzel game."
,Not Recommended,246070,14250848,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Rio,"So I noticed this game on sale, was relatively new. Saw it was a double fine game and thought ""man I loved psychonauts, I love computers and enjoy the idea of the game itself""Honestly just want my 5 bucks back.I didn't want to support double fine after the space base♥♥♥♥♥♥they pulled but hey I was naive.Thought that it might be good but it's just another game that could have been good but just fell flat.5 bucks and 32 minutes wasted."
,Recommended,246070,15761881,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Fionn hellcase.com CsgoBoss,"Awesome Game !I love it, all the dynamics are awesome and also the Idea is something new"
,Not Recommended,246070,15765696,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Wulf,"Good idea, poor execution and many bugs."
,Recommended,246070,15669568,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Orgel Seira,"I'll start with saying, that this isn't a good game. It has bugs, moving and interacting feels clunky and code isn't represented as well as it could have been. But the concept is interesting and I do recommend it for people, who want a game, that accurately represents what modifying code (or ""hacking"" if you wish) is like. You won't have to write anything new, just change around variables, operators and functions. Despite that, this isn't a good game for someone completely unfamiliar with programming, it will probably feel just frustrating."
76561198012047836,Recommended,246070,15670810,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,efrancis,"Now that is definitely one original idea for a game. I just finished it and I enjoyed very much!Although, to be fair, it's not for the broad public: a person with absolutely no concept of programming might just be very irritated by the game. While the first part goes very easy on the geek-meter, it does get much more complex (and more interesting and challenging) after a bit.Definitely a must for geeks and nerds, but not necessarily incompatible with people that actually have a social life ... ;-)"
,Not Recommended,246070,15710296,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,jub,"This game has great graphics and a really got concept.But thats about it, I really don't had any fun playing this game at all.I really wish I could enjoy this game.As the trailer says: ""... Hack and Slash. The only way to win is not to play ..."""
76561197995133463,Recommended,246070,15000794,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Drown In Your Lies,"The first half is pretty standout on it's own. Cute, fun, and just the right difficulty. There are a lot of ""hacks"" that seem like huge game-breaking advantages that are either necessary or don't impact the game at all. And then scripting is introduced.I ended up looking up a guide for most of the second half. At first I thought that was a negative, until I realized that's something you do when coding for real.Props as well for letting players mess with variables that will actually crash the game."
76561198079311469,Recommended,246070,15573012,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,emmy_the_cat,"How refreshing tofind a princess who rescues herself through coding:D By giving you free reign on hacking everything, towards the end you're left with with a dangerous number of ways to crash the game! Luckily the autosave type feature comes in and saves you, and it encourages you to think rather than spam the codes. Overall a lovely, fun game (if short)."
,Recommended,246070,13487638,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,was_fired,"If you aren't comfortable programming then this isn't the game for you.  If you are however and like puzzle games it can be pretty fun and a good example on how to trace the logic of someone else's code.  Outside of the puzzles the game is well written and the characters are enjoyable.  While it isn't great, it's still pretty fun for at least a few hours."
76561197990766417,Recommended,246070,13505042,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Godeke,"This game falls in a strange space. The knowledge level required to navigate the code is fairly high, but then there are sections of the game where you can ""go to far"", such as when I hacked the Wizards password lock a second time.Despite it being a fairly easy edit (inverting the conditional in this way is used many other places) it turns out the game isn't designed to let you fight the boss past that lock a second time and the game crashes.Which is another curiosity of this game: you are editing the live, running game LUA files. You can create states that simply crash or behave oddly very easily. The game deals with this via a very clever branching auto-save system that mirrors a version control system fairly accurately. If things get too out of control, just roll back to a prior stable version. Still, I was surprised at the bravery it must have took to publish a game that *will* crash and that crashing is an *expected* state.Still, despite the uneven technical knowledge expectations, the game is quite fun and working with LUA bytecode was a neat compromise between working with a high level language (such as LUA itself) and assembly language (where most game hacking happens in the real world). The story is strong and amusing (as one would expect from Double Fine) despite the odd subject matter.Recommended, with the footnote that it will not *introduce* programming and experienced programmers may feel disoriented by the sheer options available once you get the breakpoint bombs and access to the library (which  is pretty much the entire LUA codefolder). You can't make arbitrary changes, but you can do some... interesting... things nonetheless."
,Not Recommended,246070,13505359,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Coreymill | LFT,"I love DoubleFine and I wanted to love this game so much. The graphical style is really nice and refreshing not to mention the idea behind the game has so much potential!However, this game just feels so very unfinished. There is no indication where you are supposed to go or what you are supposed to be doing. (it doens't help that there's no map and it's often difficult to notice doorways as they blend into the surroundings) You almost never know what you are supposed to be doing. This is a huge problem when the game lets you proceed to later chapters in the game without getting the items that you NEED to have later on.There is an item that allows you to 'travel through time' which feels tacked on because the game was unfinished/broken. So, when you find out much later that you missed something earlier that you NEED to have now you can 'turn back time' and erase all of the progress you had made to spend time looking around an area that you were in before until you happen across what you need and then you have to play through everything again with the item you had missed earlier.It is so frustrating to find out you need to re-do sections of the game through no fault of your own. The game needs to give you some direction ... or at the very least not let you progress through the game when you don't have items that you are going to need later on.As many others have pointed out the game also SPIKES up in difficulty in the 4th chapter and you really need to have some coding background to make any sense of what is going on. There is no explanation and the way the code is presented is rather confusing.So disappointed."
76561198028437015,Recommended,246070,13506910,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Z0m B Killa,"If you like to program, this game is for you.  It starts out a little slow, but the hacking gameplay builds and becomes more complex.  It's a mix between a Zelda-like fantasy and coding puzzle solving.The player begins with an USB sword which changes basic attributes of things-- like changing enemies from bad to good, lowering the damage they do, or how many hearts they drop when killed.  Later, you are solving code puzzles.  Essentially, you are reading source code and figuring out what line(s) of code to change to make the code accomplish your task.  What you can change is very limited, but I am sure on a few of them there is more than one solution.  I was impressed with the depth of the game design as I transitioned from the middle of the game to the end of the game, that I was not aware of until I gained more in-game hacking tools.Someone who has no programming exposure will find a steep learning curve once they get to the code puzzles.  This game is not for everyone.  It will not teach you to program, but it may inspire you to learn how.  This game has a niche market.  If you have exposure to programming and you are a problem solver, I highly recommend this game to you.  Get past the begining of the game and it gets much more interesting."
,Recommended,246070,13466825,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ZamFear,I accidentally ended the world with careless mathematics.
,Recommended,246070,13470951,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tron Cat,Very interesting. Great idea!
,Not Recommended,246070,13532005,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Nickmav1337,"To put it simply, Hack 'n' Slash is terrible at explaining programming.  Near the end of the game, puzzles are simply impossible t complete unless you have prior knowledge of how code works.  The UI they choose to represent code is confusing and obtuse.  How am I supposed to know that a red word has the same value as a red crystal etc.Don't buy this game.  You'd have more fun hacking a Zelda ROM"
,Recommended,246070,13756010,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Uziron,"Just beat the game and enjoyed it a lot. Beware that it requires some experience in programming and code reading. Don't buy this game if you don't know anything about algorithmics (variable assignments, conditionals, loops, boolean algebra). The game won't teach you programming at all. It will just throw programming puzzles at your face and hope you understand what it all means. It's also worth noting that the code samples might frustrate experienced programmers because of the way the game wants you to edit scripts. The game doesn't let you modify everything you want in plain text. It just shows you the algorithms as machines and only lets you modify the code in a few spots. You can't remove or add code instructions for instance. And you can only modify some of the instructions, not all of them. But this doesn't mean that the game is simple. It is not. The amount of available scripts is quite big and each of them might contain dozens of code lines. Figuring what to modify remains fun and challenging. And some hacks will make you feel clever. There are also a few interesting secrets to uncover. In short, it's a great game but it's not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,246070,13725312,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nionith,Cool concept but too buggy and unpolished to be playable.Suffered through the first level and got stuck on the second when an item found in a chest (required to finish the level) disappeared because my inventory only had 4 slots.Next time I will buy a game with good reviews and not only because of a cool new idea.
,Recommended,246070,13678857,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Talus,"The game is unique in the way that it set out to be. You pretty much need to be at least at an intermediate level with coding knowledge to have any chance of getting through this game without guides. It was fun to do quirky things like toggle friend/foe of enemies and hacking your character. However, the game does not provide a sufficient ramp up for those who simply don't understand the subtleties of programming. The common person probably wouldn't know what a ""tick"" or ""init"" function's purpose is. It was also frustrating that they pretty much expose the entire game's code. This can make for some very bad situations where you might actually break the game. You can always roll back but there's no indication of wheter you're making good progress or not. In the end even I had to refer to guides for a few puzzles, if for nothing else, to make sure that I was on the right track.Check this out if you have programming experience. If not, go ahead and playthrough but make sure you've got a guide handy. Give yourself maybe 30 minutes/puzzle and if you're not making any progress, just look up the answer. Otherwise you'll probably find yourself hating this game."
,Recommended,246070,13697328,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,trcook,This game is a riot
,Recommended,246070,13399105,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kaba💤,"The experience of playing Hack n Slash is very similar to being a programmer whose job is to fix some nitwit's coding or rewrite coding to make things more efficient--for you--in the grand scheme of things.If you enjoy doing that in a beautiful setting with decently developed characters, you will enjoy this game.If you lack knowledge in programming, you may find that progressing through the later parts of the game becomes more of a chore than actual fun when you have to cram all sorts jargon and recognize syntax to solve puzzles. As of now, the game offers little help in defining what exactly needs to be done, which would prove difficult to players not proficient in programming.tl;dr:Hack n Slash could possibly be fun to those who have knowledge in programming,but falls short in catering to players that do not have a fraction of that same knowledge."
,Recommended,246070,13355130,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Psychotonikum,"First of all ... I beat it and it was fun to me but I do have a weird taste sometimes. The story is indeed very funny. I like the ""Double Fine"" humour.A big negative point is the quest line. You have no idea what to do after you accidentally triggered a story event while exploring the world. You need a walkthrough to know where to go after you finished a puzzle.What I really do like about this is the in game possibility to change its own program code (let's be honest, you scratch on the surface, but it's still fun).I've you are prepared for crashes, when you try to swap one enemy type with another, while teleporting through time and position, then I can recommend Hack 'n' Slash to you.Rate Up if you found this helpful.Some (advanced) warnings:It is unbeatable if you don't have a clue about programming. You will most likely drop the game.Even if you have adequate skill in reading program code, you have to mess around with an awful code readability, where they use coloured crystals to store data. (If you are colour-blind, do not buy this game!!! You will NOT be able understand the code!!)  I do not recommend this as a programming learning game.  The in game editor code style is really weird, for example, creating an object:object-> (blue crystal)set (red crystal) = valueset (green crystal)= false(blue crystal):set((red crystal)2,(green crystal),false, posX)(blue crystal):init(whatever colour crystal) -> ""Hello World""(blue crystal):doSomeStuff((whatever colour crystal))… comparison with more realistic program code that does the same:define object as Somethingobject = new Something(value,false,false,posX)object.doSomeStuff(""Hello World"")… you see the difference ... :("
76561197967571077,Not Recommended,246070,13613149,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The_Ring-Bearer,"Although I ultimately somewhat liked Hack 'n' Slash, I feel that I can not recommend it to most people. Indeed the only people I would even consider recommending this to are programmers. (Disclosure: I am a programmer) Ultimately I'd consider my rating as between the thumbs up and thumbs down.First off, as much as we'd all love if it was the case, it is not a video game that teaches programming. This is very much a video game made by programmers for programmers. If you are not a programmer, you'll need gameFAQs (or steam guide) up on your other screen. And even if you are, you still might need that aid from time to time.Hack 'n' Slash can be clever at times, and can make you feel clever at times as well. But once the full extent of your powers are available, it is far too easy to be too clever to sequence break or crash the game. The game can also feel like an old school adventure game and not in the good way as you'll have puzzles that are not required to beat the game, ways of beating puzzles that bypass other critical puzzles, and puzzles that can't be solved until later. It can be difficult to figure out which of these situations is the case, although this was only an issue as part of the Escape from the Castle.Despite this, I enjoyed the presentation and the charm of the world and characters. By the end you are able to weld nearly godlike powers in this world in a way that seems clever... I just wish I got more chances to weld or misuse that power. Still... just like in real programming... debugging is such a pain. But it is even worse here thanks to a lack of a debugger."
,Not Recommended,246070,13617970,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,chronohart,"Controls are mostly terrible, particularly for modifying code. It's possible, even likely, that you'll neglect to complete a puzzle or two along the way, but manage to progress anyway. This is a problem because without solving certain puzzles, other puzzles in the future will be virtually impossible to solve. Specifically, there were a couple puzzles in the jail that I missed but I escaped anyway (without trying very hard) and had to lookup how to solve other puzzles I ran into in order to discover that I never should have made it out of the jail the way I did.Also, the game bugged out when I tried to exit. I understand glitches are sorta supposed to be a part of the gameplay, but when you're trying to quit the game and it freezes up, that's a bug that shouldn't exist."
,Not Recommended,246070,13663100,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,KiwiJ,"The setup of the game starts out nice, but the deeper you are able to dive into the code, to more you start to get annoyed by the awefull gameplay.In the end it felt more like a prototype game with a 'story' slapped on."
,Recommended,246070,13460945,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Toot Toot (Yeah) Beep Beep,Teaches you Lua and not-quite-subtley subverts gender stereotypes
,Recommended,246070,13458565,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Fargo,"Beneath what might look like a Zelda clone is a VERY clever core mechanic that appeals to anyone who loves to tinker. ""Hack"" means to literally hack into game objects and enemies. Let loose your inner game designer to make monsters do negative damage or other hacker wizardry. The puzzles all feel refreshingly new, and the story is delightful. Definitely worth a playthrough."
,Not Recommended,246070,13576006,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,emertonom,"The first couple of acts of this game are fun.The third is kinda aimless and awkward, where it gives you a ton of tools that all do the same thing, and no particular challenges to overcome.The fourth act goes completely off the rails. It gives you access to all the game's logic, but only as compiled bytecode, and your only way of editing it is with an interface that would be at home on the old iPods with the rotary dials and tiny displays.2/5 stars."
,Recommended,246070,14969420,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,HeavensMirror,"I immediately fell in love with the Zelda-eqsue art style and the game didn't dissappoint either. Your arsenal of hacking abilities slowly grows, so that you feel comfortable with all the tools at your disposal. The later puzzles might be too difficult for people for people that don't have any experience with programming. Even I - being a programmer myself - was stumped by some of the last puzzles. All-in-all it was a really fun game for me!"
76561198050838887,Recommended,246070,14936126,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,LegoDan99,"As a person gaming from a young age, I like breaking games. As a game with that as it's central mechanic, Hack 'n' Slash is a remarkable and truly unique game. It's artstyle and writing are amazing, as is to be expected of a Double Fine game. Don't stop to think about it, buy this game."
,Recommended,246070,14797882,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,The Detective with the FunnyHat,this game has a brilliant concept and can get fairly difficult near the end.it's also a great game for just messing around and seeing what you can do with the entities roaming around the game.
76561198031154612,Not Recommended,246070,15149150,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,tonythegardener,"I really didn't like this. It felt very much like the puzzles weren't solvable unless you just go find the answer on the internet.There wasn't a build up of principles that would help you solve stuff later, it was just randomly poking around in someone elses constructs to see if you figured out which piece you could manipulate would have the effect you wanted."
,Not Recommended,246070,15041493,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,rbibby53,Very easy at first then all of a sudden it was inpossable!!
,Recommended,246070,15034263,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,5ilvara 💫,"Excellent concept, nice music and design and a fun story-line. What else should we ask for?"
,Recommended,246070,14782351,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,ears,This game was highly enjoyable and one of the more unique style of puzzle games that I've played. Not for those without an adept approach to problem solving. It's also likely unbeatable without a guide by those with no programming skill.
,Not Recommended,246070,14764722,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,paradox,"cool concepts, poor execution. most of the puzzles are interesting, some are convoluted and extremely difficult without prior knowledge. the story and dialogue isnt great either. For a game from double fine, which i've always loved for their bright and vibrant characters, this was a big let down."
,Not Recommended,246070,29307935,Posted: 16 January,all,Solty D,"I really wanted to like Hack 'n' Slash as one of Doublefine's games and as a programming tutorial but it falls short in a few important areas, making it neither particularly fun nor educational. This game's a near-miss that feels unfinished in some respects.You take on the role of a girl who finds herself in a dungeon with a sword that can hack any object with a USB port, able to change the parameters of things around her. It starts out simply enough with a door that can simply be set to be unlocked, but rapidly begins to encompass more. Enemies have entire lists of parameters and even idle behaviors that can be changed to either make sense or give silly results, like making a turtle do nothing but 'turn left' with no delay, resulting in him spinning as rapidly as possible in place. You're encouraged to break the game in gentle fashion and given artifacts that can change the flow of time or that display the variable names of everything around you. This creates a very open-ended experience where there are several possible solutions to puzzles, like hacking a guard to be good instead of bad so he stops chasing you, or changing your own speed to be much higher than that of the guard so you can simply run around him.Where the game runs into trouble is how it introduces programming concepts. The first couple of acts deals only with parameters and has simple puzzles. Later on, the player is given access to dive into functions and things suddenly start getting messy. Collision detection can be a little dicey which can lead to confusion about what is editable and what is not in a function. Additionally everything is written in Lua which is fine, but someone without programming experience will have difficulty deciphering anything beyond the first couple of function-based puzzles. By the final act, the player is given access to quite a lot of scripts with minimal hand-holding and the Lua scripts become multiple-page affairs that all link to each other (as expected from real code) but I found the code very difficult to read and parse due to the way the player navigates through all these scripts.The graphics are cartoony and fun though it's not always clear what is a path out of a room and what isn't. The controls are a bit weak between the mediocre hit detection and the inventory system that only allows you to access four of your items at a time, sometimes requiring you to switch back and forth between items in your bags. Screens reset often when going back and forth between them, usually not a problem but occasionally resetting events that have to be done again and again to get by. As much as I like the concept and theory of it, the clever bits of this game are overshadowed by the clunkiness. If you're looking for a programming game, perhaps try Glitchspace or Human Resource Machine."
,Recommended,246070,28905037,Posted: 1 January,all,sjw,"This game is a decent introduction to prgramming. It is NOT, however, a gentle introduction to programming. If you have some prior programming experience and/or the tenacity to stick with it when it gets challenging, it is a fun challenge, if you are, like me, the sort of sicko who finds programming and debugging fun.It is a clever concept and a good story. Just be careful not to break the universe."
76561198023166530,Recommended,246070,29106224,Posted: 7 January,all,mazodando,"It was an interesting idea, and I had a lot of fun with the story. My main complaint is that eventually, you have to start reading the walkthrough just to figure out how to win - mainly because it got too complicated and wasn't easy to visualize what each step did. I'd recommend it for the story, but I'd probably ask that anyone making a similar game make a more intuitive system."
76561198000819630,Not Recommended,246070,29014463,Posted: 4 January,all,iq.gobo,"First things first: I really love programming games and puzzles. And the first half of the game is very enjoyable. The save system is quite unique and resembles a branching history graph like in vim, cool stuff.But the part I was actually the most interested in, the procedurally generated levels based on the game code, proved to be the worst part of the game. The items that make up a room look too similar, the overlay text overlaps and is hard to read and the bomb/loupe portals often took me places I didn't want to go to. And while some rooms are vast with a lot of space to move in, especially the library at the end is a cramped navigational hell of corners, narrow passages and unwanted scene transitions.Worst of all, my game screwed up so badly I cannot even finish the game with the help of a walkthrough when warping back in time to the the tower entrance. And I don't feel like starting from scratch as I don't see much replay value in it.The game is fun, the gameplay feels fresh and really innovative, it has some nice characters and cheesy dialog. But the final part is why I would not recommend this game sadly."
,Recommended,246070,27569480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Elektordi,"Did you ever played a game in developer mode? How did you feel? Like god? Yep, for sure!With Hack&Slash you can... hmmm... you have to play the game in developper mode!!!But it will not be as easy as you would think! ;)"
76561198141281551,Not Recommended,246070,27873843,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jorgius,"I usually don't give negative review, especially to indie games, and even more so when they are original.Unfortunately this game didn't really click for me. I'm not sure if it's because i was playing with the wrong mindset but I couldn't solve some of the puzzles (until half of the third chapter i had already had to read a walktrough 4/5 times) so I decided it wasnt worth it continuing to play like that. It's not even that I don't like playing puzzles (portal and talos are between my favorite games) or logic games (shenzhen or spacechem), its just that something just didnt feel right. I really would like to recommend this game, but i'm just not sure that I didn't like it because of my mindset or because the game is actually bad"
,Recommended,246070,27859842,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,justtoff,"I love this game.  As a programmer who grew up on the Zelda franchise, it hits all the high points for me!  Aside from [Lua] syntax that I'm not familiar with, the concepts of object orientation and programming were immediately familiar--but in a visually compelling way.If you don't have some programming experience, this game may be frustratingly difficult.  It's not one where you can simply play by the conventional rules of the game; in fact, you'll be frustrated if you do.  It's a game for cheaters.  Some of the areas felt like they had bugs (such as walk regions that weren't passable) that could have just been more clever puzzles and easter eggs that only the best hackers would enjoy.Meanwhile, the storyline is smart and interesting.  Visualizing complicated relationships like this reminds me of the D!sney movie ""Inside Out.""  The cast of characters has amusing, quirky personalities in proper Double Fine fashion, and the breadth of exploration within the story makes for an intriguing gameplay."
,Recommended,246070,28010834,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Dr. Mantis Toboggan, PhD",The first game I've played where crashing it is part of the fun the developers intended
,Recommended,246070,28166660,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,WATAPON,"A game unlike any other. This game's difficulty scales as the  game progresses, don't worry if you have no programming knowledge, however I find myself referring to the text guide for help."
,Recommended,246070,27952323,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,James,"I really love the idea of this game, and if you are a programmer it is definitely worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,246070,28619404,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Klef McFarlin,"not an amazing game but still good and ♥♥♥♥ing awesome concepts introduced in the gameSeriously, it is extremely frustrating though to get through this it is so hard to know where to go next sometimes...I'm only still playing it because I paid for it and I want to finish it :/"
,Not Recommended,246070,31431841,Posted: 28 April,all,Kalmana,"Neat idea, very bad execution.There is a big difference between being a bit cryptic, and having to basically follow a guide to get anywhere.Having to hack your way through puzzles is fun in concept. but only when you know what you're doing. Unfortunately for this game, none of the concepts are fully explained, leaving you in the dark randomly stumbling around hoping you find the solution. And in cases where if you change the value of the wrong thing, it will cause the game to ""crash"" from a null value, and make you restart the room. Which means in some cases having to redo several puzzles in the room before you can get back to the puzzle you messed up at."
76561198325010339,Recommended,246070,35343016,Posted: 30 September,all,thecodewitch,"I loved this game. It has a great story, and I enjoyed the way the programming aspect fits into the story. If you know Lua and how its translated into bytecode, you'll enjoy this game even more. I loved the editing of multiple nested closures part of the game, and I love the fact that this is an actual meaningful part of the gameplay and story. Its very novel. Code reading is an important part of the game toward the end, when as a player you are trying to determine if the changes you are making may be going too far or don't end up being relevant to the story. Finding this canonical way the game wants to be modified becomes the game. As long as you approach it with that attitude, you'll enjoy this game very much."
,Recommended,246070,35319414,Posted: 29 September,all,ekkess,"This game is like what many double fine games are like. Funny, cleverly written, and with excellent gameplay.The game focuses on using the code of the game and does it really well, and also uses it in many ways.The game also has a lot of small touches like the game overs happening from the game ""crashing""."
