user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198039658387,Not Recommended,246110,16439980,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Turkeyfoot27,"More like Massive Disappointment. This feels more like the start of an Early Access game rather than the end of it. Edited for clarification, and typos. It's not that this is a bad game per se, so much as there are better games at the same price point.I'll keep this short. I typically play on easy for those of you who actually care.Pro: The Generation concept is neat.Neutral: Apparently, if you make it past Year 150 'Advanced' enemies make the game more fun. This was not my experience, but if you like watching your heroes suffer increasingly horrible odds to placate a giant talking goblet, more power to you.Con: Due to the gameplay, if you don't get the baby train rolling immediately, you lose. Between age, 'traits' (Infertile), and combat, time is a far greater threat than the Cadence could ever hope to be.Con: You can breed, and you can fight. That's it. Despite the simplicity, Double Fine somehow managed to make the combat both incredibly boring and frustrating. Try not to get attached to your people.Con: Startling lack of endgame content. You've seen everything Massive Chalice has to offer by year 150 or so. The enemies have different varitions, there are hybrid classes (which mix/combine class skills and armor appearance)."
76561197971578911,Not Recommended,246110,17980385,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Flyboy Connor,"Massive Chalice is a turn-based strategy game that has the player rule over a land that is under attack. The defense force consists of heroes, which battle in short, turn-based skirmishes against invading forces. Heroes live for 70 years on average, but the player has to defend the land for 300 years. Therefore the player has to marry off heroes so that they produce children, which get some of their genes and personality traits from their parents. This way, the player attempts to breed heroes of good stock, so that future generations are better able to defend the land against the invaders who get stronger all the time. Sometimes a hero may leave behind his weapon upon death, which then becomes a family relic, that gains better properties over time when it is used in combat.While the game has some original ideas and can be fun to play, it also has some very noticable flaws. What irks me the most is the lack of control that the player has over important parts of the game. Even on ""Normal"" mode, the game is really hard. Being hard is not a negative by itself, but Massive Chalice is hard because of randomness that is beyond the player's range of influence.The most prevalent example of the game's randomness are the events that occur regularly. An event is a story moment in which the player has to make one or more choices, picking from several textual options presented. Some of these choices lead to slightly beneficial results, some of them lead to very bad results. But what result you get is completely random! There is no way to influence the outcome. You pick and hope for the best. A hero gets a positive trait, or a negative one, or your best hero might die, or you might lose a relic, or you might lose part of your land to corruption (and once you go down that road, you are on the losing track).You also have relatively little influence over what genes the heroes get. Yes, they are likely to get some genes from their parents, but these might be good or bad, and they might get new genes that their gene pool did not contain before. Since parents only get a few children, it is not uncommon for a family of good stock, which you carefully bred, weeding out all the bad offspring by sending them into battle or to the Sagewright, to get wasted in one generation because the offspring gets inferior random genes or there is no more good partner available. There is almost nothing that the player can do to protect a family against that. Basically, the only thing that may help is calling forth new heroes, which takes about 5 years of research, and produces 5 new heroes with random attributes. Usually all of them are crap -- Infertile, Sickly, Clumsy, Nervous wrecks. Again, complete randomness.Finally, there is the issue of the combat. The enemies are relatively weak for the first half of the game, but after the halfway point they ramp up in difficulty in big strides. And then the combat rolls are really starting to get on your nerves, as a hero that gets attacked might evade the attack, or might lose one or two hitpoints, or lose all of his hitpoints in one go. There seems to be very little in between.The game has been compared to XCOM, and it definitely has a lot of similarities. But XCOM offers the player many more ways to mitigate the random effects of the game, both in strategic decisions and tactical approach.Making the player suffer badly from the whims of random events is a serious design flaw for any strategy game. I therefore cannot recommend Massive Chalice. I have had some fun with it, but I am always interested in seeing what Double Fine comes up with, and got the game at a big discount. It may be worth a couple of dollars or euros to you, but do not get it at full price."
,Recommended,246110,17873967,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Platinum Angel,"Read the other reviews for in depth content of this game, I might not get too in depth about mechanics and such, I'm just gonna blabber for a bit.I personally enjoyed this game and have played through it multiple times. It starts out as interesting considering it's initial concept involving heroes and trying to create and maintain bloodlines with good genes that can carry on to future generations, while hoping the bad ones don't... While it's true that heroes are bound to die, whether from time or battle, and thus you can't get ""too attached"" to them, you still can have favorites and favorite bloodlines. I've noticed a bunch of reviews whining about not being able to keep the same hero forever, but that's what happens over 300 years. People die. I always liked the system and felt it was pretty neat that my favorite heroes can live on in their kin with their genes and house name.Make your favorites advance in level through battle, do what it takes to keep them alive for multiple battles, then make them a regent before they're too old to make heroic babies that have potential to be your new favorite! It's not hard to understand. Hell, if they kill enough cadence and get enough xp, their weapon becomes a relic that can be passed down to others in their bloodline. Cool.I'd recommend playing this game on easy the first time around to get the swing of things, then try it on hard (if you feel confident about things), then try it on hard with IRON mode enabled (which just means you only get one save that's overwritten after each action you take)... I also played it on Brutal difficulty with IRON mode and I guess you could do that too, I just hope you don't start out that way.The different difficulties are there so that once you pick up on the game and figure things out, you can apply the strategies you've learned from a previous playthrough and make sure you don't repeat your mistakes, while having a greater challenge to keep things fun...The game is replayable, at least in my opinion. The combat system isn't the most exciting, and that's what makes it tough to want to play again, so I wouldn't recommend sitting down and marathoning it as if you had to beat it as soon as possible. Just take it easy.Think about your choices carefully and decide what would be the best course of action and things like that, and if you mess up, then load a save and learn from it (unless you're playing IRON mode, in which case try your best to not ♥♥♥♥ things up anymore). At first, I played for hours, but for my following playthroughs I played for maybe 30 minutes to an hour or two a day and got plenty of enjoyment out of it. I now currently have 100+ hours and I haven't played it in a while but I noticed it was on sale for only $7.99 right now and thought I'd write a quick review. It kinda makes me wanna play it again actually, and I think I might.Long story short, it's a pretty good game, though not without its faults, I'll admit. I do recommend it though, especially since it's on sale for less than half price... Give it a shot.This was my first review and I don't think I did a good job, but either way, I recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,246110,16976981,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,VG Purist,"Did I get my money's worth because of the hours I have played? Yes. You will get your money's worth after one playthrough because it simply takes that long to beat it.The thing that kept me going was the simple fact that I liked wanting to mate the houses and see what type of combination would spawn from my nests.  Pushing the time to complete a research was also nice.Now for the bad part.  From year 1 day 1 until year 300, the enemies are all the same.  There are just a few types of enemies (7 in total) and then in the latter part of the game they are simply given more HP.  There's also no ""boss"" monster either... not even at the end.  The combat quickly felt tedious. At the end when I knew I was going to win no matter what, I skipped the last 2 combats and let my continent fall just so I can hurry it up.Also you don't feel any connection to your heroes at all.  They are just as expendable as a lit match. Even if you get awesome ones, they may only end up in a few battles (maybe 5 at most).The random events are totally RNG (but I feel as if it leans more on screwing you over than helping).  There's no hint or something to base any of your decisions on.  You pick one and it could end up badly or good.  Heck I've played games where at least there are ""advisors"" that give you the illusion of making the ""correct"" choice.  This is totally a close your eyes and pick.When I finally did beat the game, I decided to play a 2nd time.  However, again, I couldn't bring myself to continue after I saw the SAME MONSTER again doing the SAME thing but with lower HP this time around.I understand that there are a lot of games that re-skin their models, but there has to be more for a game that is focused around combat.  Comparing this game to XCOM is a complete slap in the face where they offered 10 different aliens (I just looked it up and it would be 11 if you count the zombie)  Not counting the reskin for the Mutons and floater and sectoids. But at least the reskins did something DIFFERENT.https://youtu.be/uwt0qG4PFBc"
,Not Recommended,246110,16653992,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Demon,1st off - you will spend most your time idle staring at the world map watching time go by not doing anything but waiting for an attack or research getting finished.This game works against itself in so many ways.  The parts that could be cool are ruined with only one fight every 10 years and the lack of being able to keep heroes around or leveled up.  It is enterly based on getting good marriages.  However when they added the class mixing it became infinately harder to get (and keep) the classes you'd like to use in combat.  So things seem much more random than I would like for a game about strategic planning and setting up matches for marriage.  Then most the people have bad traits you don't want but guess what your limited number of people means that you get even less of a choice in the type of people you get.  At one point in every game I run out of heroes and have to start over.  This game just doesn't do it for me.Yeaup still true today. 11-29-15
76561198003880852,Not Recommended,246110,12986458,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,[TAG]Alblaka,"A EA review after a single playthrough (next to several failed attempts) which took just under 20 hours.Let's clear up things right away:-The game is titled Early Access, but according to the developer it's pretty much finished content-wise and they mainly intend to do open beta testing (in EA) and bugfixing, as well as UI improvements now.-Despite some... questionable history of this game's dev regarding other Early Access games, this one is fairly playable, so there's no threat of it being stopped before release.Now, on to the actual game. Imagine a crossover of a light dynasty-simulation, some light text-RPG, and a light turn-based tactical game. Yes, it's actually not very deep in any of it's components. And whilst the concept of mixing those is quite good (and the prime reason why I got this game), but it clearly has weak points.Effectively, the game comes down to managing your heroes and nation on a strategic view (not unlike managing your base in XCOM) and managing a crew of five heroes in a tactical turn-based battle, which is both affected by your strategical decisions and does affect your strategical situation.However, whilst the whole ""breed your heroes to genetically engineer the next clan of super-warriors"" is very interesting and the various mechanics like tutoring, personalities and inheritable 'relic' weapons definitely add onto that, the system still feels a tad flat when it comes to content. Most traits are just ""+X of stat Y"" (or, in negative form, the opposite). Personalities often are similar, albeit here we see some more interesting concepts, like boosts when sticking to the group, or opposed a buff when a hero is alone. But, across my entire gameplay, I felt like ignoring those traits was a good bet, given their actual impact was minimal compared to the additional movement it would have required to actually set up their situations. In the end it really came down to just breed ""whoever is the most fertile and has the most positive traits"" of the right class and then let RNG throw something useful at you. Across my entire game I tried to specifically create distinct classes (f.e. long-sight, high-dexteriy rangers and quick, extra-strength warriors) but somehow ended up with a wild mix of traits and 'Quick learner' on pretty much everyone. Which apparently was enough to beat the game with ease.Because, yeah, it took some failed starts, but that was mostly because the game does a rather bad job at explaining things to you. So, effectively you play, mess up horribly, are forced to restart, repeat a few times, until you grasp the basics. And then the same problem as XCOM kicks in: Past a certain point, you are either already dead or so absurdly strong that the tactical battles become tedious and uneventful.Which brings us to the second part of the game, the tactical battles.Rudamentary movement system with an occasionally clunky UI and initially confusing controls. Likewise goes for the 'cover' system and the AI. At some point you get into it, and it's not bad in itself, but again, casual players would probably need a tad more help early on.A big problem, in my oppinion, is the complete lack of a time limit and the fact you start with free stealth scouts (think of Mimetic Skin of XCOM) from the start of the game. It's trivial to sneak around, wait until a single enemy wanders off, then alphastrike him down. Rinse and repeat, unless you mess up it's not uncommon to end missions without even taking damage. This only gets worse as the game progresses (as mentioned) and your characters become more and more versatile and accurate (because, really, the only times where you take relevant damage is either because you make a big missplay or all 3 90% attacks miss).Shortly summarized, the game really needs some more balance tweaking, both in between little details like classes and weapons, as well as difficulty wise. Which is already on the list of the devs, according to the last info I read.And then there are a handful of bugs and weird design issues. F.e. hitting a group of Bulwarks with an acid vial of an alchemist. Bulwarks will form a layer of armor whenever they take damage, reducing all further damage in the same turn to 1. The problem is, that each hit bulwark will perform the 3-second 'IMA GROWING ARMORE!' animation SEQUENTIALLY. And then, once their turn starts, the armor will break, they take acid damage and the animation will PLAY AGAIN. There are other occasions where the game puts in dumb pauses (even within your own turn's movement) to point you at any kind of buff triggering or disappearing. Which definitely takes time and becomes annoying later in the game.As well, there are a few skills with issues, f.e. Flarrow not actually triggering the blinding explosion, or not revealing the map (or sometimes neither of both).But I'll assume that will be patched at some point.Now, would I recommend this game?Nnnnnnot sure. I got 20 hours out of it, but I got to say that I doubt I'll play the game again. Simply because the only 'fun' laid in figuring how the shallow, obfuscated gameplay mechanics work. It was a real drag to play through the last couple decades of the game, simply because one fight was as simple and boring as the next, all further research was legitly pointless... you get the point.Result : 6/10It's not bad, but it's not really good either, and despite heavy RNG it doesn't really feel replayable to me.I would really say this needs some more spice, in form of mutators or content, possibly steam workshop modding. Buying it won't feel like a complete waste, but for the price you can get better stuff elsewhere."
76561198006321063,Not Recommended,246110,13351317,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Kitelse,"Alright. Giving credit where it's due, Massive Chalice is a pretty ambitious game. It takes the best qualities of XCOM: the R&D aspect, the top-down tactical combat system, and that fun little dance on the knife's edge as you try to level up your favorite character while avoiding that permadeath. All those qualities and throw it in with elements of a fantasy kingdom simulator with the whole 'kingdom in peril by a mysterious corruption that taints the land' plotline and the system of marrying off your heroes to produce heirs to continue your war on this corruption. All those things are great. Also? The Cadence enemies? Pretty sick designs and it totally showcases the unnatural corruption feel of what the Cadence is all about.All those things are what makes Massive Chalice a pretty interesting game to check out... But not for thirty dollars.The eugenics system feels like it creates a funnel where eventually you want to marry off all your heroes together to create better heirs with the right traits and personality and the right stats. (Hard enough as it is to find the right hero with the right traits and personality to marry off at the right time, but that's another thing.) Eventually the relationships between your later-gen heroes become incestous as in order to preserve the genes you want, you'll have to start marrying off cousins togeher. Which is something wrong that I can't seem to wrap my head around.Continuing on the subject of the eugenics system, let's talk about the bloodline relics. I haven't found the right pattern to create a relic reliably yet, but it seems to come from either the number of enemies you kill and the number of missions you do. Either way, trying to build a relic is frustrating as the Cadence attacks are infrequent through one hero's lifetime. It basically creates a weapon based on the stats of the hero's weapon that you can level up with the heroes that come afterwards. In the period of time you can level the relic, you can pretty much research the next tier of weapons and it would generally surpass the relic.Last thing I want to talk about are the Cadence Pawns, I have already acknowledged that the Pawns are pretty sick looking but then there's their performance in combat. You see, each of the Pawns have a special ability. Cradles have the ability to spawn more pawns to throw at you; wrinklers can age your heroes with an attack; Lapses can effectively drain your HP... You get the picture. Now my problem with the Pawns are that they are one-trick ponies. They have their little special ability and then the rest of their movesets are routine for every one of them. It makes combat monotonous and repetitive after a while and that's just a bummer.To recap. Cool and ambitious project, but it falls short of expectations. Nonetheless, it can't be called an XCOM clone because it does take a unique approach to the genre and I do hope that it can straighten itself out when it comes out of Early Access."
76561198053232801,Not Recommended,246110,28454657,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Random,"I really wanted to like this game, but in the end I did not.Family simulator 2015, the real meat of the game is not the battles, which are repetitive, easy and boring, but in marrying off families to the various thrones you set up.  Different men and women will have different traits listed.... but as there is no actual interaction the personalities of each person is just words on the screen.  Personality traits don't even matter in the handful of grab bag random events... which like the banner saga have unpredictable outcomes no matter what is chosen (making them random events where you have the illusion of choice.)Now as a strategy game where you pair off families and breed lots of children it works well.  But nothing can be customized so you never have any sort of investment in the dynastys you are building.  Plus, if you are any good at the game you will have so many children in each line that it doesn't really matter what happens to any individual.The soldiers you take in will only fight for a few battles before they will grow old and die, so you will never become attached to them.  In addition, every person you manage is so interchangeable it doesn't even really matter if a bunch of them die in a mission, there are a legion of bland replacements ready to fill in.  In addition, while the game has 9 ""classes"" which do have some slight variation, you are really just dealing with three... hand to hand single target, ranged single target, or ranged aoe.  The broad archetypes of which set of three classes a family has access to is set by the class of the founder of the family hundreds of years ago.Now, even with the boring battles, the fun of breeding families might in itself have made a fun game.... except for one major problem.  Like the latest XCom, the designers seem to think that interrupting you every few seconds makes for an exciting experience.  You have to make it through 300 years, but it felt like every few days I was being bothered with the death of someone, the finishing of research, a new useless invasion, etc.  Never did I really just get to let the clock run and watch the dynastys play out.  I loved XCom, but hated that the strategy map interrupts you constantly, and this game is even worse in this regard.It has some strong points.  The narration in particular is inspired.  And it CAN be fun to match up that 55 year old war hero with a 16 year old bride and see if they manage to breed.  But overall the experience was just an annoying slog filled with unrealized potential.  Without interaction between the people of any kind, all of the personalities and dynasties meant nothing more than ticks on a spreadsheet.  Maybe that is all life is in the end.4/10"
,Not Recommended,246110,16145890,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Spectacle Rock,"Pretty much a watered down, lame (new) X-Com. Combat is serviceable but not satisfying or interesting. The bloodline aspect is what drew me in but it's not that great as I never got invested in my generic characters/houses. The research tree is a joke, it just seemed really linear. Soundclips were repetitive, music was okay, the enemies were generic blob-like alien critters that each had predictable actions.The whole game just seems lazy, like they rushed it out or were satisfied with mediocrity. The bloodline system could've been cool, but even that wasn't interesting in the least."
76561198071315976,Not Recommended,246110,15841591,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,redcross004,"I still liked the game, just was not what I thought it could be.  Game could do so much more in terms of depth and customization of heroes, kingdom, research.  I will say the battles are okay.  Still it revolves around key traits and levels.  And the time lapse is so fast you can not really even create a character because by that time hes level 5 or so he is almost dead and old.I was just expecting more and while on a simpler level it is fun.  Just very frustrating to really only worry about hero production and their training, which is by default.  Most things are just left to the decision of the program."
76561198005271335,Recommended,246110,16581006,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Pale Dolphin,"TL;DR:Castrated version of Civilization meets medieval XCom meets Double Fine.Okay, I will try to make it short this time: this game was developed and released by Double Fine -- a company well-known for it's interesting concepts (Psychonauts, Broken Age, The Cave, Costume Quest, Brutal Legend, etc -- google it or use Steam search). One of the also well-known phenomenons with this company is that it abandons games after they're released (The Cave, Spacebase DF-9, some more, I think).Now, Massive Chalice is a pretty interesting concept -- it's a fun strategy game with turn-based ""medieval XCom""-ish battles. You have to actually raise your heroes -- firstly, you'll have to ""marry"" two of your heroes, then (if everything would go okay) a child will be born, then he (or she) will come of age, and only after that you'll be able to recruit him/her.Concept is interesting, because children are able to inherit traits and personalities of their parents. If father is a raging alcoholic (-speed in battle) and mother is insightful (+intuition) it would be wiser to take their children to the researches, assigning them as sages, instead of taking them to battles in your vanguard.On the strategic map you will build forts and assign regents (and choose their spouses) there, develop new weapons in your capital, intrude in your heroes' personal life from time to time by choosing a path which they should go. For example, one of your heroes find a hermit that wants to teach him to see the way of communicating with the corruption -- and it's your choice if he goes to live with the hermit for a few years, or stays with you.Your global mission is to win the war of 300 years. Your enemies are spawns of some sort of corruption that threatens to swallow the whole kingdod if not for your efforts.Now, this all sounds pretty fun, doesn't it? It actually does. And it actually is fun. The sad thing is, the game lacks content... and balance. Once you'll crack the code on how to beat the battles, the game would start to bore you. Your squad would be consisting of only one hero class (I won't spoil it to you, which one, but you'll get it yourself pretty fast). You would be equpping all of the heroes with the same items. You will be marrying your regents in the same manner, maxing only one parameter.You will basically repeat the same action 10-15 times before you beat the game.Don't get me wrong -- XCom was repetitive too, especially before the Enemy Within update. But developers were working with balance, so people won't be recruiting exclusively snipers with ghost armor, for example. Alas, I have my doubts that Massive Chalice would get any updates any time soon.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -The game is pretty good overall, it's definitely worth buying... on a sale. Paying $5-10 for this title is okay, game's definitely worth it. If it'd be updated with balance changes, new enemies, new items and new building (which I strongly doubt), it might be worth even more.Right now, I'd advise you to wait for the game to go on 50-75% sale and buy it. Then complete it one time on Normal difficulty with Iron Man option on (which implies that you won't have any saves, except for when you quit the game), and move on to the next game.Rating:6.8 out of 10.0"
,Not Recommended,246110,13966858,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Morello,"My major take away Massive Chalice is an interesting concept with disappointing Game Design.Key features, positive and negative:Positive:* Eugenics System is a cool innovation that adds kingdom management and troop management above that of its contemporaries.* Art style is fresh and looks good, with pretty readable and clear visual queues.* Some of the tough empire management decisions ala X-COM.Negative:* Tactical Combat is extremely lackluster, missing any interesting decision-making due to a lack of strong Systems. Without zone-of-control, cover, flanking, defending, or any other take on actions or positioning gameplay, it quickly boils down into ""what dudes are stronger"". Massive Chalice fails to deliver on a compelling tactical combat experience for any level of gamer who wants to engage with this (which is what you spend most of your time doing).* Enemy design follows a similar pattern. Instead of requiring unique tactics or approaches to beating, enemies (such as the one that drains XP, or ones that suicide when either killed or when they get into melee) are one-trick ponies whose tricks don't make the game richer. Enemies combine easy-to-solve gameplay with frustrating risk/reward structures.* Classes unfold into few customization options, with little way to distinguish characters and builds. While I think this is true of some other games as well, many other tactical battle games excel at this aspect, using a ""what can I make work"" model to provide gameplay variety. This may be a current content limitation though as well (pre-release only, maybe?)I Kickstarted and wanted to love Massive Chalice, but I feel the game misses on delivering what I want - a Fantasy Tactics game with interesting army/kingdom management to tie it all together. I'm pretty forgiving of minor issues in games, but I feel these ones are deal-breakers for what the game promises to be."
76561198079353502,Not Recommended,246110,16611790,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tofieldya,After the initial round of learning the game mechanics it became repetitive and uninteresting.
,Not Recommended,246110,13940240,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Chaplain Huss,"Meh.  Starting ages of heroes is too old.  You have a generation gap by the time your newborns can fight and your initial heroes are senior citizens.  Game is against you and most random events take a regent out of the game instead of making babies or just kill them off before their bloodline can continue.  Had to restart frequently due to initial two keeps not producing babies or making all of one sex.  Some house tend to produce only male or female, but sometimes that is all you get anyway.  Combat is weak, time between fights is too long to progress any character to a decent fighting capability.  One starting enemy can actually sap a level from your character everytime it hits thus keeping beginning teams at a suck level.  Art work is okay, some sense of humor in the game, read one review comparing it to XCOM, big difference is XCOM is fun to play.  I love this game genre (XCOM, Jagged Alliance 2 and Dawn of War 2) but this game is just not fun to play.  Lots of cool elements, but not fun overall."
76561197973643133,Not Recommended,246110,12922456,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,latdheretic,"I can't say that the game is bad, rather that I expected more.  My greatest dissapointment comes from my expectations of the game being more akin to an Ogre Battle title with long term bloodlines.  What was delivered was a very blatant X-COM  clone changing the setting, and switching the time scale to years.  Becase of the small squad size, you would think you would get invested in the development of individual heroes. I found I tried to, but by the time I did, I had moved on to the next generation.  Fights only seem to happen every 4-8 years roughly,  heroes are viable from say ages 15-60, An active hero that you don't send to do another job might last 8 fights before dying of old age.I only saw 3 types of heroes, if there are more they were either difficult or unclear on how to unlock them.  Caberjacks, Alchemists, and Hunters.The game did not seem very well balanced between the classes.  Caberjacks are strong all around in offence and defense.Hunters hit a bit weaker, and can't take a hit, but at least have ranged attacks.  they seemed a bit weaker than the cabers, but on facing the exploding enemies, I saw a clear reason for using them.Alchemists have bombs, but they bombs tend to be embarrasingly inaccurate, short ranged, and mediocre in damage, not to mention limited in supply.  When they run out the have a mediocre melee attack, but no durablity to speak of.Game dynamics seemed like a stripped down Xcom engine.  They have similar controls, but with less classes, and lack of cover mechanics (best I could tell anyway) I found myself thinking If I get in the mood for this kind of game, I'll just fire up X-Com again, and play the better game.So in short, not a bad game, but an inferior X-Com clone."
76561197975907173,Not Recommended,246110,16422199,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,MadMortigan,"I was very disappointed with this game. I was hoping for something between X-Com and Final Fantasy Tactics. The play style is similar but everything is very limited and minimalist. There are 3 hero types and the combined/sub-classes are more or less the same thing. There are maybe 5 enemy types with the same flaw. You can research new items and equipment but they have very little impact on the game. There are text-side quests that come up, but the outcomes are totally random so your choices are meaningless. You characters will only live for maybe 10 minutes before they die of old age so you never really get attached to them like in X-Com or FFT. These characters will have children that carry on family traits and classes but once again they'll live about 10minutes before they die of old age. I had a lot of fun with this game for about 2-3 hours, then it got repetitive, not I'm just grinding out the last few hours and I'll probably never play it again. I would still be on board with this type of minimalist game if it had a great story like the Banner Saga, but sadly there is no story. Monsters attack, defend your kingdom, and I expect some sort of twist ending. Overall the worst part of this game is it's wasted potential."
76561198003036772,Not Recommended,246110,13960229,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Sloul,"My feeling is that maps are boring. Sadly you got to explore those maps in order to win any encounter.Now, when it comes to exploring map within tactical setting, some games managed to make it right: Halfway, Fallout Tactics, Abomination Project Nemesis, Shadowrun Returns/Dragonfall etc.Either because exploration was done in real time, while combat was per turn, or simply because maps were filled with items to loot, quests, npcs etc.Or in some case, because AI was active and searching for you or doing random stuff (first XCOM, Xenonauts...).In some case (Xcom enemy Unknown), maps are just well designed with platformsm, levels and different kind of covers.A game is not simply tactical by its combat mechanics; its maps and level-design is what's going to support its gameplay.Many game developpers just forget that.In Massive chalice you are bound to explore meaningless maps, per turn, with a team of character that is almost put under your command randomly.I guess that toward the end of the game, it gets easier and easier to set-up your A team.But boring maps will still plague you."
76561197995949116,Not Recommended,246110,16231445,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,daniel.j.silvia,"I had some fun playing with Massive Chalice when I first installed it. The bloodline ideas, Game of Thrones/Birthright vibes and X-Com style game play were engaging and the graphics, audio and interface were good enough to keep me in the game. Unfortunately, the more I played the more the veneer of an interactive world fell away and I was left with a puzzle game; moving the pegs, filling the holes and becoming painfully aware of the fact that it was all about figuring out the underlying equations. I know this is the essential reality of all single-person computer games and if I’m playing a game with no pretense of creating a living environment, that’s fine. But Massive Chalice does have pretenses and they just do not stand the test of time.There’s real potential for a good game here especially in the concepts and with a bigger playing field, more randomness and most of all a greater sense of a living, breathing world, this could have been an outstanding title. When it comes to a thumbs up or thumbs down on Steam, I generally go by value for price. As the game stands right now at full price it’s about ten dollars short."
76561198061824645,Not Recommended,246110,26073260,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,wesleto02,"The game is ambitious, trying something new.The whole blood lines thing is a cool gameplay mechanic. But I found that even though each character is given a name and appearance, its really wasted by how quickly time passes. I sometimes got a really great offspring with a cool appearance that I got pretty excited about, but then time passes so quickly I only played 2 battles with them and he had passed away.This continuous passing off of your characters make each one feel really insubstantial  and takes away from the gameplay."
76561198031057842,Recommended,246110,16238706,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,PaperD76,"I don't understand the hatred for this game.Double FIne did that debacle for DF-9 so don't buy from them! It's an X-COM lite with worse strategy and tactical layer -- go get Klei's Invisible Inc instead! The artwork sucks -- what is this boxy polygon artwork thing? It's got no theme and I can't customize characters and they die too fast!So goes all the complaints.First off, I have to state I'm not Double Fine's typical customer -- I typically don't play anything in the adventure genre. Secondly, I love this game so far, and it's as good and interesting as XCOM and Invisible Inc (which is also brilliant).Why?Because the game is a great mechanically - the strategic and tactical layer intersect in really interesting ways. Particularly on higher difficulties and later in the game, small choices can have serious repercussions.For example, choose that ""passionless"" old vanguard for your crucible to pass on his experience and you will affect the kingdom's fertility bloodlines further down the road. Don't choose him and you might get outmatched by the Cadence levels. Spend time researching things you don't need and you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked on harder levels.You need to have enough bloodlines, enough technology (weapons and items), hopefully pass down enough relics, have enough vanguard experience to do well. Mechanically, it is a really interesting game.It took me some time to really get and love this game, which I guess is its biggest flaw. At first I thought it was a tad easy mid-game and there were not many options and hunters/alchemists were the best way to go. Suffice to say I was wrong and the late game really shines: Interesting valid tactical skills, difficult battles, difficult strategic decisions that have you second guessing yourself.Forward to later, after rebooting the game several times running on hard, all the classes are interesting, with interesting skills. Caberjacks are by no means useless. As a crowd control class, they really shine later in the game.To charge that the game has no depth because it has no overwatch, or cover doesn't cut it. It is different, and as a big lover of tactical games like XCOM and Invisible Inc, I will state that this game is good, just different. Another game to compare this to is King of Dragon Pass (the random events at least), which adds another unusual flavour to the game.In summary, I guess the hatred for this game is because of expectations. It doesn't feel like a Double Fine game at all.There is not much story or exposition, but as a strategic/tactical hybrid, this game is different, and a really good different: I've been enjoying it quite a bit."
,Not Recommended,246110,13701910,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Gearjock,"Do not get the game because there is no depth to it.I was expecting Fantasy XCOM with a bit of a Game of Thrones feel.  Instead, it was lacking on all fronts.There is only a minimal amount of strategy to this game.  There is no cover or overwatch.  No bonsus for surprise or sneak attacks.  Instead its dancing to avoid enemy units charging you first and crossing your fingers that your Hunters don't miss their shots (they will).  Enemies like Ruptures will only frustrate you instead of giving you a challenge.As far as the lineage system, its there but it you dont feel the impact of it yet.  I think you may have to dedicate a lot of time to the game to see a noticeable effect but I'm simply unable to put myself up to doing so.I hope the game gets better next year but for now I don't think I can force myself to try it more.  I get more strategy out of XCOM on my iPad than this game."
76561198158309410,Recommended,246110,26197024,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lady Chaos,"I really enjoyed this game, but at the same time, I couldn't stop thinking that it could be so much more with so little effort. Fighting mechanism is very similar to the one from XCOM or Shadowrun series and the gameplay revolves around taking care of various bloodlines and houses with the goal of creating better and better fighters each generations. It's not only about strength, there are a lot of character traits that make heroes more or less effective in the battlefield. Time is the most important factor - you have 300 years to prepare for final battle, you need to build keeps and other useful buildings, discover new technologies, items, armors and weapons, but everything takes tiiiime, so you better plan carefully, as, for sure, you won't be able to discover everything. Also, I liked how some of the most useful items are like doubled-edged swords (you put new armor on your alchemist, and suddenly, after one bad move, you killed your whole squad XD). There are only few types of enemies, but each of them feels unique and interesting.Now for the things, that are not impressive and could be much better.No customization.Seriously? This game seems like it was made for that. You have dozens of flags, family names, mottoes etc., but you can't customize it or even mix it a little bit. You are forced to chose from existing families, which doesn't seem reasonable. It's just limiting your gameplay options and feeling of immersion. Not to mention that it takes forever to find something that you may actually want or like.No mod support.I generally like mods for games, but in this particular case not having mods support seems like a wasted opportunity. Imagine this game with Game of Thrones mod or ""classic"" classes mod (mages, knights etc.) or mods that are adding new enemies, new gameplay mechanic, new random events, new maps, new challenges... This would gave this game so much more replayability.No fast-forward or double speed options on enemy's turns.You have few enemies around you? No problem. But once you have like 20 within your sight and each of them need to make move, and each attack and sometimes your heroes have some sort of reaction to that, which triggers another hero, who triggers someone else... It can take forever.Surprisingly low replayability.Obviously this is one of those games that you will replay at least few times, to learn mechanics, to fix mistakes from your previous gameplays that caused you to lose and so on. But other than that, there sadly isn't much to keep you excited. Battles get progressively harder, but at the same time they feel much more repetitive. There is never feel of something new or refreshing. After few tries you pretty much saw all of the random events (and honestly, those aren't very interested and add less to the game than they actually should have), you know all the enemies and their tactics, and so on. And since there isn't even something so small as customization option), there are no mods, there is nothing to really keep you interesting.Random events.They are there and it's good. But they bring absolutely nothing new to the table and most of the time they don't provide any good results - you either get something neutral or something bad and honestly I've almost flipped my table when, after one of those things, I lost my keep that I've been building for over 20 years.Still, for all the good stuff Massive Chalice deserves a recommendation."
,Not Recommended,246110,17096894,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cosmic Engine,"Mind-numbing drudgery.https://youtu.be/neX-MdGu7awMassive Chalice borrows from the popularity of Game of Thrones by putting in bloodline houses. Only people of special bloodlines can fight the cadence. These bloodlines come in the form of houses, each with their own name, banner, motto and castle name. Houses are completely cosmetic and at the start of the game you are able to choose five to be your vanguard at the start. It’s a nice little aesthetical feature that tries to make you care about your characters. The problem is it doesn’t work, because you progress through the game in years, passing ten years is nothing meaning that your characters die often of old age. In fact characters die so much that unlike a game like X-Com where you really care when someone dies because you have spent a lot of time investing in their abilities and appearance. In Massive chalice, the games time progression and lack of character customization means that you become numb to characters. It was to the point that I did not care to learn their names and rather solely based their usefulness on their age, level and traits.Permadeath by its nature is only an impacting mechanic if you care about the death. Massive Chalice’s core design almost forces you not to care about your units. Because time passes so quickly it means that characters never really level up to a significant point so they never become irreplaceable. In fact the game design makes units become as meaningful as pawns on a chess board. They are very useful but highly expendable and you don’t put much stock in them as you do the other pieces.Ruling your nation is very simplistic and keeps the focuses on making sure you have enough babies being born to provide soldiers in the coming years. It’s a case of building castles to house bloodlines and produce children, building the occasional building that helps with research or training and of course researching new technology. Researching tech allows you to unlock new weapons, items and armor, it’s also where you can recruit a batch of heroes if you’re running low on troops and it’s the tab where you build the few buildings available. There isn’t much in terms of choice when it comes to new weapons and armor, there’s a couple of interesting items that you can research once a certain number of enemies have been defeated. These items tend to share a trait that relate to the monsters it requires such as the boneshell armor that covers your soldier in a protective shell after one hit like the Bulwark monster.The UI in the overworld parts of the game looks and responds like a touch screen port. The UI is overly large, bulky and provides no feedback upon clicking it. It’s almost as if the overworld UI design was made with the thought of a mobile release in mind, and to be honest this wouldn’t be very surprising. It does however leave a negative impact on the game, it stands out as not being the correct UI for a PC game, the size of the menus is a perfect size for a touch screen, not for a 2080p monitor with a mouse a keyboard.Massive Chalices combat is modeled from similar games like X-Com. The game does not really do anything unique or particularly innovative with combat but it’s a solid tried and tested system that works well. There is a variety of factors in battle you must think about which usually comes from the combination of monster mechanics and the variety of armor and weapon effects. Sadly there is not a large amount of variety in enemies. Each enemy has a unique mechanic tied to it such as wrinklers who will add age onto a character if they successfully hit or lapses who if they hit you drain you of XP which can lower your level mid battle which will cause you to lose abilities. The problem with the enemies rears its head later on in the game when you’re just facing the same enemies over and over and the game just throws ever increasing numbers of them at you to try and make battles difficult.The game is just a characterless husk, it works sufficiently well in terms of stability but gives no immersive experience. Double fine tries to put in charm with the voice acting of the magical chalice but it fails to charm and instead only serves to annoy and make you cringe. Massive Chalice is light on its content which was surprising when you span three hundred years and it simply does not stand up to games like X-Com. It has promising ideas that were not explored properly which are also spoilt by conservative combat design and a garish aesthetic.  It is certainly not something I would play again and people looking for a X-Com like experience from this should instead just go play X-Com. It’s a sad, deflated disappointment from Double Fine, who have once again turned a promising idea into mind-numbing drudgery."
,Not Recommended,246110,16676907,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bearsuo Sr.,"I wanted to love Massive Chalice, I really did; I'm a huge X-Com fan - even the reboot - and if anything, MC makes me appreciate some of the design decisions in the XC reboot more. Reading over articles about the latest FPS will invariably find a complaint about how simplified, decision-less games are becoming - Massive Chalice is an excellent lesson in why. Design decisions that are not fun in MC:Poor early game decisions have no feedback mechanism besides the catastrophic failure of a game. Contrast with Civilization, or Invisible Ink - did the war go disasterously? Load a save from an hour ago, and maintain peace; or attack another city; or bide your time, or or or. Did you get caught? No prob - rewind to the previous turn. In MC, once you're in a failure state, you've gotten there through feedback loops and local failure may be avoidable, total failure is inescapable.Jazzing on that point, individual units are incredibly fragile and disposable - you really get a feel for mortality and sacrifice and so on. Great, right? Except that units must be shepherded (you set up families, breed them, ensure fertility, select for attributes, train them, equip them...) which is great at creating investment and tension... but then you fight three battles, tops, before any hero dies of old age. It is a great concept, but in execution, it is an exercise in frustration.Because everything is random. Congrats, you've got a good hero who is the right class, right age, with the right stats, and now you're breeding him. Except you failed on the random rolls, so your next generation of heroes have lousy stats and traits.AND tying it all together, you have to retire a hero to a special structure that you have to build that will infuse new units with their starting XP. That is, if you fail to build and staff this building, you're going to have level 1 units every few battles against a progressively more difficult enemy. And of course, you want to take your strongest unit off the table because they'll provide the most benefit to the new units. He'll also confer his random traits that by now have rolled over to Unaccurate Teamkilling Jerk, by the way.Finally, if the game wasn't random and punishing enough, every so often events will pop up that properly model real life with a choice - there was an anti-war rally in front of your palace and two of your heroes, randomly selected (ha ha, the heck with you player and any decisions you'd like to be making!) accidentally killed someone and the public wants vengence. What do you do? Good news - no matter what you choose, there's the chance it will end well! or poorly. And it doesn't matter! Get a dipper bird to play the game instead of you!In closing, everything about this game sounds brilliant on paper; but spare yourself the lunch money and buy yourself a pair of dice. At least those, if you want to select ""easy,"" you can just weight."
,Not Recommended,246110,16199366,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[DOINK] JimJam,"Long story short, I would not recomend this game to somebody who is looking for a well thought out, strategic, and deep tactical video game. However, if you're looking for a simple game for cheap to get you INTO tactics games like XCOM and such, this might just be for you.I think I can say that I was severely disappointed... I'm enjoying myself yes, but I expected a whole lot more from it. I was expecting XCOM mixed with Crusader Kings 2 and Fire Emblem. But what I got was a very, very, lifeless, casual game. It's overall minimilistic look keeps me from being immersed in the world and differentiating the characters from one another, they all just form together into one blocky, ps1 grafix mess. The strategy is simplistic and I have no idea what they were thinking with the action point system. Usually your turn is subject to move-move, move-attack, attack-move. But this game says move-move-attack, move-attack, or attack. Which I guess could be tactical, but it doesn't play out that way. The rules are in favor of the candensce... candesce... condesce??? I don't know big bad evil copy pasties.I wanted a game where I could feel emotionally connected to my units, build up their heritage and watch them grow, but all I saw in them after couple hours were stats with faces attached. I barely cared when my characters died because one would always replace them instantaneusly. This could have been easily avoided had the game's timeline been shortened to let you get more in tune with the characters, and i don't know... CUSTOMIZATION??? I was so disappointed I couldn't customize the houses and sigils as well as name the characters. I know it was a kickstarter reward, but regardless, it's almost inexcusable to PURPOSEFULLY hinder your game to give more insentive for your backers... Also the chalice is annoying. At first it was quirky and interesting, but then the repeated lines made me irritated and kinda droning along.Overall... if your a tactical strategy fan who wants a challenge focusing on strategy, pick up Crusader Kings 2, especially XCOM if you haven't. But if you haven't played turn based strategies, you want something simple and easy to pick up with a bit of difficulty, for the price it isn't really bad. A rather solid entry level game. But veterans? Give it a pass."
,Not Recommended,246110,16674300,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,H&R Games,"Mhm. From the trailer and the screenshots I thought this was going to be a blast and i happily threw in some money to support fellow indies. Then well, i gotta be honest with my short review :* The turn based combat maps are fine. Not a mega cool UI but nicely playable once you understand the base mechanics. Classes seem interesting as far as I got to know them. As far as I could see the maps look a bit repetitive but well, all in all this part is Ok.* Everything else is definitely shallow and lacks depth. The main map is nice looking but as someone else said you really spend time staring at the idle map. Heroes come and go, but somehow the UI and the gameplay doesn't really give you time to get to know them and they are just ""troopers"" to use in the end.* Bloodline thingy is concept-wise very interesting, but it's also victim of the lack of depth of the UI and interaction, so somehow it feels quite hard to follow and exploit nicely.A massive work of improvement on the main map and UI could make a really cool game out of this, but till then, i can't really recommend it. Moreover if I dare clicking on the screen after launching it and before the main menu appears, it always crashes. I hope it will get better and not left as it is, as the amount of work made so far seems quite big, and it would be a pity to have the nice parts going to waste."
76561198007748381,Not Recommended,246110,16677325,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,lepape,"XCOM meets Game of Thrones? This should have been my favorite game ever. This is such a disapointment. Watered down tactical combat, the whole research/time mechanic is a copy paste from the XCOM game design, even when it doesnt make thematic sense. There's really nothing brand new here and for some reason, there's no customization at all. Can't even rename your own characters, or change their house name and sigil.I had high hopes for this one and they really dropped the ball."
76561198040415313,Recommended,246110,13312806,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Tyirel,"I am very confused. I see a lot of people writing bad reviews. I spent a lot of time playing this game, and clearly it is not yet finished. HOWEVER to tell you ""this game is bad"" is stupid. Lemme break down what you can expect from this game.1. You will get a kingdom.you will have to decide what things you want, and how you want to play the game. do you want to focus on hunters? or maybe have a few Caberjacks backed up by Alchemists. its all up to you. all of your upgrades and buildings will need to be well timed.2. You will get an army.Though you may only take 5 units into battle, you will have a TON of other people to manage. in later game each house begins getting rediculously large. you will have to choose which people are worth being in the group of 5 and which arent. you will have to retire your heroes and have them train your next generation, or let them fight untill they die. Basically you get to be George R.R. Martin and this is your world, and these are your characters.3. You (can) get a story.NOW some people might dispute this. i disagree. The story you get IN the game is pretty much constricted to the very beginning and the very end. however, that is not to say you cant make up your own ledgends. a 16 year old girl took up an heirloom weapon went to battle, and defeated every last cadence on the feild... she ended up retireing at the age of 24 in order to bring up the next generation. NONE of that had to do with the chalice, but you can make some very interesting stories out of this game, if you want to.4. You will be entertained. I spent 16 hours or so in this game, 16 hours and its not even a finished game yet. there are still things being added, bugs being fixed, new bloodline effects being put in place. so to anyone who is thinking about buying it i suggest you keep an open mind, because this game will only get better."
76561198010426094,Not Recommended,246110,16682303,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,loop,A empire sim that is too simple to be entertaining combined with a tactical strategy that is too simple to be entertaining
76561198003261458,Not Recommended,246110,28499278,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Small Gay Bunny,"While the combat is fun, the classes are clever twists on classic archetypes, and the writing is at least clever the first time you hear it, I struggled to get even part of the way through this game primarily due to poor execution of its primary game mechanics. For a game that wants you to manage bloodlines across generations and play a slightly creepy game of eugenics, there simply isn't enough information readily available to the player. It's a simulation game with intermittent turn-based combat, but it's next to impossible to keep track of everything without taking notes. It needed like 3-4 status screens I think. And what information is there is buried and not collected in anyway useful. Every time I play this I just end up getting too frustrated with how hands off it expects me to play and then how much it punishes me for doing just that."
,Not Recommended,246110,16344570,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Spicy Boi,"Fun... for the first 10 hours. Like every one else said, when it comes down to it, the heros are not relatable due to you having no agency over their name or apperance (also they die pretty quicky as they only last 3 waves before their 70), all the enemies are interesting but not fun, limited skill tree/abilities, and just generally repetitive. All in all, its a wannabe x-com."
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,246110,31540079,Posted: 4 May,all,Blackadar,"This is an inspired idea spoiled by uninspired execution. It's like someone wrote a great bridge in a song and then just put a repetitive boring tune around it.The premise is fine - you ""breed"" your heroes over centuries to fight the foozle. As your heroes increase in ability or you breed in undesirable traits, the enemy forces also evolve in this grand showdown. It's an interesting premise and it appears to be interesting for a couple of hours or so. Then you realize that there isn't much joy in Mudville.The strategic layer is almost non existent. You breed or buy new heroes as you have points, research some nondescript areas and occasionallly build a structure on the main map. You'll get an option to marry person A with X or Y but that is in large part the extent of the decision making. Other than that you're fast forwarding through the ages towards the next combat encounter. Because time is moving and the whole game is about breeding your warrior family, a major problem arises - there's no attachment to anyone. You might get lucky and get a great soldier who is fun for the 3 or 4 encounters during their lifetime. Then they're dead and you're on to the next generation. This actually becomes more of a problem than it sounds because without attachment to your characters the turned based encounters mean very little.The turn based encounters are fairly basic. You'll have a couple of skills and it's all just about knowing the enemies and their abilities. Is that one the ranged one? If so, better close the distance. Is that the one that explodes? Better spread apart. Is that the one who can cleave us up? Better bring him down before he closes in. That's the extent of the TB combat. It's not all that interesting. There's no flanking, no great cover system, not much synergy and truthfully not much decision making once you know what you're up against. It's mostly hoping the RNG doesn't screw you.The art style isn't one of my preference. The maps, both strategic and tactical, feel lifeless. Actually they ARE lifeless. They're bland, unimaginative and unappealing. The music and sound doesn't add mch either. The story isn't gripping and exists only to further the combat. The talking Chalice heads can be cute but that too gets repetitive.Thus Massive Chalice is entertaining for a short while. When I started playing it, I thought ""cool""! Then I realized that the game showed me most everything it had in the first hour. The novelty of fighting with yet another generation of no-name warriors on yet another uninteresting tactical map against another group of enemies stopped appealing after a short while. With no attachments and nothing compelling to drive the game forware, it grinds to a quick halt. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,246110,22351131,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Double Fine ProductionsPublishers:Double Fine ProductionsInitial release:June 2015Genre:Tactical, RPG, Strategy, Turn-based#Worth/NotWorth:#NotWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationShort version – Massive Chalice is XCOM jr.Slightly longer version – Massive Chalice is a turn based strategy game. That is a lot like XCOM.You are charged with the task of removing “the cadence” from the world which for most intents and purposes is a enemy force filled with multiple types of creatures. This task is given to you by the aforementioned Chalice. The cadence threatens the world and the Chalice can stop it.The crux of the game runs on a timeline. With random events that take place as you go. You control territories in which you build things such as Keeps, Sageright Guilds and Crucibles. Each with their own purpose. Death is permanent for your party members. This aspect of the game differs from XCOM in that characters are created from assigning a regent and a partner to a keep for the purposes of siring an heir.There are only 3 main classes to begin with; CaberJack, the tank like melee character. The Hunter, ranged scout type and the Alchemist, a mid range AoE type of character. Through having children other types of classes can be made making a total of nine such as the ShadowJack, Enforcer, and Trickshot.As the timeline moves along, you must select a Vanguard to send into battle when the cadence attacks. They may attack in any region including the keeps you have constructed which can lead to difficult battles as your Vangaurd usually spawns on the opposite sides of the map of the regent. Making your timely selection to creating a good heir useless. The other thing is through worrying about genealogy is that people die from old age in your vanguard and as well as regents. This is just another added affect that causes stress.You can assign people to the sageright guild to increase research rates at the cost of never having them enter battle again. Research takes place as a passive affair. This is also an extreme similarity to XCOM in which you are developing armor and new weapons alongside constructing buildings in different territories. All while dealing with trying to gain XP for your vanguard members and trying to keep the cadence at bay as the timeline moves along.THE GISTAll of this is fine, its starts off pretty simple, easy to grasp. But its slow and the random progression makes it needlessly frustrating. While you can eventually make up to 9 classes, the initial 3 make it very shallow. Not to mention their tech tress feel rather limited.It all feels very been there and done that with nothing really super unique to offer and grab your attention. The music is good during the battles, the voice acting of the chalice often giving advice and narration to the events unfolding are well done. However, it just doesn't have the legs to hold any non extreme turn based strategy players attention.Follow my curation for more"
76561197991657927,Recommended,246110,26436409,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MrMuse,"Massive Chalice can at first seem a little one dimensional especially on the combat side. However, there are some very good ideas here especially with the way you have to breed better fighters through complex ""bloodlines"" where traits are passed down the line and you attempt to engineer superior characters. There is also the crucible where you can retire your finest middle-aged fighters to help with training up the next generation. I say middle aged because if you wait until they are too old then they will die of illness or old age before they actually have time to have an influence. Also, combat improves via new skill traits and better equipment invention giving your characters a multitude of new skills. Time passes very quickly though and you shouldn't go into this game expecting to hold onto some ""super-soldier"" for too long. The real idea is to BREED a sustainable influx of stronger characters rather than just pumping up lone figures. The learning curve is slow and you wont have seen much of how the game REALLY works until after at least your first 100 game years or so.There are many other nice touches that contribute to the variety of tactics when looking to sustain your nation but they are just too many to discuss in a short review. But I will add that a single campaign can take around 20 hours or so and no two will ever be the same due to the nature of the breeding system so there is plenty of replay value here.So to sum up, MC is a game which appears a lot more simplistic than it actually is because underneath its seemingly shallow surface is a very deep and original game - and one that I highly recommend to those of a persevering nature. If you can just keep in mind that it is a ""slow burner"" then you will have many enjoyable hours with it."
76561197978024377,Recommended,246110,20534262,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,shaseki,"If you are a fan of the hex turned based strategy games - this will not let you down.A brilliant but basic story-line which pits you against the Cadence, an alien like species which comes to infect your lands, set over a 300 year time-line.Throughout the time-line you build upon your territory and research better gear for your group of fighters to defend against the Cadence and ensure the Chalice is not damaged. The leveling system from your class of 3 fighters (x2 ranged and one melee) is a two tiered 10 level system. Your fighters are sub-classes which are desginated by lineage.What's unique about the level system is you are not investing your time into a certain character but in a lineage/family. You marry your lineage off to another and make babies. These babies have good or bad traits which are then passed down from generation to generation. Your lineage determines your fighter class as well. You marry off one Caberjack to a Hunter and therefore you make a Shadowjack for the next 40-50 years.Time itself is sped up until an event occurs (research ending, lineage monarch dying, cadence presence etc etc). As time progresses so does the level of Cadence and how Advanced they get... the latter years gets harder.All in all takes about 20 hours to finish the game, but a definately replayability for another go at it, because you will make a lot of mistakes.Worth getting.... because I actually finished this game.8.5 out of 10 Timefisted Caberjacks..."
,Not Recommended,246110,19315334,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Xardon,"I thought this game was going to have more depth to it than it does.  I love turn based strategy games as they tend to have lots of depth, customizability, and replayability, however this has none of those.  It's a very basic game and you can't even get to enjoy developing a character before they die off.  The concept is sound, but the character development and longevity is poor done.  Probably worth about $2-5 if on sale, but don't expect too much fun out of it after a few battles.  If the company keeps at it, evolves the game, etc, it could be a great game."
,Recommended,246110,23643948,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,anonagon,"This game is an excellent tactics RPG.The complaint you'll likely see from many negative reviews is that you have to cycle through heroes too much, preventing you from getting attached and preventing meaningful progression. Those people obviously didn't understand the games central mechanic. The hero churn is one of the BEST things about the game. The major form of progression in the game is not individual heroes, but rather their bloodlines. I didn't get attached to any particular heroes, but I can sure tell you that House Thorne and their relic weapon, called Fear, won me many a battle. This game is full of interesting choices about how to best develop your bloodlines, and managing them is where the real meat of the strategy side of the game lies.The tactics side of the game is fairly simple, but elegant and satisfying. There are three starting classes that mix through the miracle of childbirth to make up to 9 classes. The opposition consists of 7 different types of enemies, and advanced forms of those 7. Most of these enemies have unique gimmicks, some of them playing into the macro-strategy side of the game. Battles happen every 10-20 years, and they remained fun for me all the way through the game.If there's any real problem with the game, its that it kind of feels repetitive, and it doesn't really build up to its ending. All 300 years feel mostly the same. I feel like the game really wants me to take what I've learned on my first playthrough and apply it to the harder difficulties, but a playthough takes too long for that to really feel reasonable. This game could have really benefitted from each playthrough being shorter, but really I think the game is worth playing anyway."
,Not Recommended,246110,16692428,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Stop Ribbiting!,"I bought this game and initially loved it.  On the surface it has a lot going on and seems like tons of fun.  Sadly, it only takes a few hours to realize how shallow the gameplay really is.  The breeding, training, and research all seem like good ideas but I can't really immerse in it too far after discovering that the only classes worth using are Hunters and Hunter-derivatives.The meat of my complaint: they have virtually the same starting health and damage as the other two primary classes, can stealth their way across the map, and eliminate enemies from range with no limit to the number of attacks.  I'm sure the other two classes could be good with a lot of work and research, but why bother?  They fill no roll.  You can literally start breeding nothing but Hunters right out of the gate with zero regard for traits and stats and win every single fight hands down.It really feels like a near miss.  The components are there for a solid game, but the core of it - the fighting - is horribly broken by design.  The worst part is Double Fine seems to be satisfied.  Don't expect any DLC's or patches adding content or changing mechanics.  This thing is done, and it's just not where it should be."
,Not Recommended,246110,23893636,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kiana,"Summary: A game where the developers put in the bare minimum effort.To start with, I want to say that I purchased this game when it was 80% off (I paid $4) and I feel what I got was worth the price I paid. However, had I paid full price, I'd have felt ripped off.First is lack of variety.* There are hundreds, maybe thousands, of bloodlines. (Apparently it was a backer award.) They are all virtually interchangable. They each have a flag, a color scheme, a name and a motto. The first three only matter for identification in the menu, while the motto appears after a member of the bloodline gets a kill. I'm not saying they need a unique perk or anything, but for the sheer volume, they boiled down to class and menu color.* With only 4 hair colors (including grayed), a handful of hair styles and one skin tone, heroes start to blend together very early. Even the armor colors stop distinguishing heroes once you get Cadence armor types. (And you'll want to use Veil Armor on every hunter.)* There are 9 classes (3 base, 6 hybrids), but only around ten unique skills. Every hybrid shares the majority of its skills (and armor appearance) with its two base classes. So of the nine classes, there is very little difference in basic function. Heroes will spend the majority of the game being distinguished by which of the three weapon types they use.* Seven enemy types. Seeds (basic mooks), Ruptures (explode), Lapses (drain exp) and Bulwarks (ranged attackers, take 1 damage from all attacks after the first hit each round) appear early on, joined by Wrinkles (age heroes), Cradles (spawn Seeds) and Twitches (swap positions with heroes) within the first 100 years (of 300). 'Advanced' versions show up around the 150 year mark, which just buffs HP, damage and exp. The only mechanical difference I noticed with any of them was that Advanced Lapses also slowed down cooldowns. Each enemy only has one attack.* The Chalice duo will occasionally chime in after an enemy or ally is killed, at the end of a battle, or when a random event pops up. By the fourth battle, these lines were already repeating.* Each zone has one map, with the only major variation each mission being your, and the Cadences', starting positions. Same goes for each structure, when they're directly attacked. (At least the final battle has a unique map, which added a sliver of variety after I had spent the last half of the game just going through the motions.)Second is a lack of balance.* Hunters can stealth, which is essential for scouting. They can also attack at range, and get a double shot that can potentially one-round Bulwarks. They are awesome.* Alchemists can throw a limited number of flasks (read: grenades) per map and can get an extra item slot. They're useful for dealing with seeds early on, and actually manage to get really powerful with time.* Caberjacks are melee heroes meant to mitigate damage. The plethora of Ruptures and ranged attackers early on makes them sitting ducks, since they lack the HP or armor to soak any more damage than a hunter early on. In theory, they can knock back enemies to avoid rupture explosions, but their low damage on their first knockback skill means they can only kill a rupture if it's nearly dead, otherwise you need a hunter to off it anyway. Theoretically, they can stun enemies by knocking them into each other or against walls, but again, only if they can close the distance.* Most hybrids are similar. Shadowjacks are just caberjacks that can scout with stealth. Blastcappers and Boomstrikers don't stand out from their base class much. Brewtalists has the sole distinction of getting a melee version of the hunter's double shot. Enforcers are just hunters that can knockback at range (which is an upgrade over cabers, at least) and are a bit more durable, but durability doesn't matter much when hunters can avoid getting hurt in the first place.* Trickshots are notable for being an actual interesting hybrid. Their flask arrows sacrifice the ability to be thrown over obstacles and must be aimed at enemies instead of being able to target an empty square, but have longer range.Third is the story.While the game is sparse on plot, that isn't my issue here. No, what bothers me is the forced and groan inducing 'twist' at the end.WARNING: Spoilers for XCOM: Enemy Unknown and Massive Chalice.So you've finished the final battle and the Chalice informs you that the Cadence can't be stopped, only pushed back for a while. This is a pretty common trope, kind of dull, but acceptable on its own. But it just makes the next bit more frustrating.I bring up XCOM because the endings are quite comparable. In XCOM, the Volunteer personally flies the alien ship away from earth, knowing it's about to explode. This is heroic, because the character is knowingly and willingly making a personal sacrifice for the good of the world.In Massive Chalice, you beat the game and the Chalice informs you that the Ruler - the character / role the player fills - will die when the Chalice does its thing to push the Cadence back. Both the player and Ruler are unaware of this fact until a moment before the Chalice fires. This is not heroic, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, because the player/Ruler was being lied to, manipulated, the entire game, unaware that not only would they die, but their goal of wiping out the Cadence is literally impossible.XCOM's ending was heart wrenching, because I had to watch a character I grew to favor and rely on, to care about, walk knowingly to their death.If Massive Chalice's devs had any creativity, any drive to make the player feel something other than frustration, they'd have put more effort in. Even one little change could make all the difference: Imagine if using the Chalicewouldwipe out the Cadence at the cost of the Ruler's life. Now imagine that the game asked you if you wanted to go through with it.Despite the game's potential, it fails to live up to any of it. I feel sorry for the kickstarter backers."
76561197960830998,Recommended,246110,32520910,Posted: 17 June,all,-=DVF=-De-Guvnor,"Please ignore the playtime as I played 100's of hours of this on XBOX ONE.This is a quality XCOM esque (turn based) strategy combat game.Combat is tight, the game is excellently developed and it gets really really deep, by the endgame.It has a really interesting way of developing characters, instead of researching tech trees, you try and maintain and improve genetics by breeding families through the ages.So , you start with 5 or 6 different families, cross breed them based on class and attributes and develop whole new classes and improve abilities.Some children also have traits that do the opposite of their parents, in case the RNG hates you!I cannot reccomend this title highly enough if you are a fan of the genre (think XCOM UFO , Enemy Unknown, XENONAUTS, jagged alliance, final fantasy tactics, fire emblem etc)."
76561197971825130,Not Recommended,246110,16317868,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Haapy,"If you know anything about humans, you probably:A) are depressed about that knowledgeB) think there is no way to make generational warfare boringYou would be wrong about item B.This game feels like being on a treadmill while watching a not-particularly interesting sitcom. Not exactly a scientific analysis, but that's the emotional flavor of this game."
,Recommended,246110,17873625,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Banksy,"Look, lighten up. This is an enjoyable game. Stop comparing it others in the genre. Enjoy it for what it is: a solid, quirky, turn-based RPG that isn't too deep, but has just enough elements to keep people busy. It's an 8/10 from me."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,246110,16165692,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"You hear this so many times about so many games but in this case it is so true.This game has so much potential but falls short.You see the game has a certain look and feel, the Graphics are really nice and it will remind you off Endless Dungeon/Legend.The game is pretty unique but you wont get very long games, the game period is over 300years that pass by really quickly then game over, sort of ruins it really but is unique enough to sort of work.The Combat is really simply and plain, the only AI in this is that it will just throw lots of spawns at you. There is no saving points for next turn, no overwatch, no real cover system except a simple one. All that is required is to click the ground to move or click enemy to hit, that is it.So the combat is very simply done, it sorta works though but will bore alot of TB Vets out there.The only other part of the game is very weak, all you can do is click a item to research, and click a keep to add its king etc.This is where the gasme needs more mechanics, how about a beastiary? you kill a monster its added to the beastiary, research it to find full details, best tactics and a small bonus vs that type, anything, the game really lacks any Depth.Then they anounce its to be released, imagine if you kickstarted this, ouch, once more they release and finish a game that is not complete and in need of a few months work.That is where it is sad, if it had more features then man this game would rock, they are so close but money has called again.Shame such a shame, especially after the Spacebase fiasco.Sadly being released as is gets a thumbs down,  but i wish theyd realise how close they are to a awsome game."
,Not Recommended,246110,24499915,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jin Hitori,"Massuve Chalice is like a big plate of french fries. When it first arrives piping hot, it's delicious and enjoyable while you juggle the first few hot bites in your mouth but as you continue eating, it soon gets cold and you're left with a mouthful of staleness and regret as you stare at half the plate sitting there in front of you knowing that no matter how you reheat the fries, it'll never be the same.The game plays around with some interesting concepts, but the execution ends up flat. The idea of bloodlines is interesting and how you manage heroes throughout the years but once you peel that first layer away, there's not much to it. The combat is simplistic without much depth to the strategy and soon gets dull. the characters both heroes and monsters lack variety and the story is pretty linear and bare. The game eventually ends up more of a chore and you feel it even more once you hit the halfway mark.Buy if only heavily discounted and if you don't mind highly repetitive games, else go for the XCom series instead."
,Not Recommended,246110,28410828,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Ventus,"Critical miss on key features that prevent the rest of the game from delivering.This game is all about family houses that span the distance of 100s of years, and you oversee this and nurture the bloodlines and nation as a whole.A major shortcoming was to prevent players from customizing or naming any heros, keeps, or houses. Nothing can be tailored to you. For a game that is centered around the growing of bloodlines, the decision to prevent any bloodline customization was an odd one (Backer reward only). This came off as being forced to choose between something you dont want or something entirely silly. House name, keep name, founding male and female names, motto, and battle cry probably appealed to the creator, but fail miserably at forcing me to love a shoe that doesnt fit for 300 years of gameplay.Also lacking is any distinct combat scenario. Combat was repetative. Not necessarily an awful thing, but made late game very tedious and taxing rather than fun.Overall feels like a very well done moble game. If you dont care about your game purchases allowing you to put your own flare or spin or that 'RAWR' or ""GYARRRRRRR!"" might be your battle cry, give it a shot. Devs did a good job here, just apparently kept combat monochromatic and gated any player customization behind backer rewards."
76561197975408004,Not Recommended,246110,17917718,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,sgt_grumbles,"Massive Chalice is X-COM plus King of Dragon Pass.  It's a neat game concept that doesn't make it all the way to being a good game.  I like the slightly zany art style.  The narrators get stale long before you finish one playthrough.The events add nothing.  Do you want to pick door A, B, or C?  It's OK that you have no way of evaluating the options, because it turns out all of them will kill your hero.Do you like Punnet Squares and genetic engineering? Too bad.  All the heroes are limited to 3 traits.  Also, the heroes play the same way whether they have +5 hp or -5 hp, so it's not really worthwhile to put effort into crafting a super-race.Sagewrights, your researchers, are tedious at best.  You put your oldest people there, because age correlates with research speed.  Then they die, because they are old.  Then you stop gameplay, zoom into your research house, and take ~20 seconds to pick your next oldest person.  This isn't a feature, it's a chore.Relics are a neat idea, but they stick with a hero until death.This would work better as a turn based game at the strategy level, because there is no situation in which you adjust your play style to adapt to changing situations.  You just wait an indeterminate period and then choose options.  Heroes are assigned for life, so there is literally nothing you can do except wait until your heroes die in order to choose their replacements."
76561198035681803,Not Recommended,246110,17810129,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,yoHoSnow,"So I bought the game because I watched the trailer, am a fan of XCom, and thought this game had a lot of potential.    But just like DoubleFine's work on SpaceBase DF-9, I'm left feeling short-changed and disappointed.Long story short, what this is is an incomplete project that should have never been released to the public.  None of the ideas are refined, the graphics are dated, the gameplay is stale, and the concept as a whole was never achieved.  To give the game credit, I will say that had they actually had the funds and the time to finish the project as I believe they had intended, I'm wholly confident that this game would have been pretty fun at a minimum, and potentially great if all went well.  I'm sad to report though, that that's not the case here.As far as I'm concerned, I think I'm done supporting DoubleFine until they can show me a high-quality FINISHED game that's worth playing.  If studios want to use the ""alpha-access"" model to produce funds before games are ready, that's fine with me, but taking that strategy shouldn't excuse developers from their responsibility to release finished prodcuts for sale.  If a game is incomplete, it's incomplete, and they should be upfront about that.  So should the reviewers in the media."
,Not Recommended,246110,16335213,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Kestrel,"I'm sure some people will find this game very refreshing, but it never hooked me. MASSIVE CHALICE is the very definition of a polarizing product.This is an example of a game that is stuck in 90s. There are a lot of really cool ideas here, but to truly embrace to this game you need to do a lot of planning which means spending a bunch of time in menus. I think the game is far too demanding of the player's time to fit into the current climate of video games."
76561198079020363,Recommended,246110,23730064,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,crickit90,"Do you like fantasy games? Do you like turn based strategy? Do you enjoy tactical positioning? Are you a fan of leveling systems with customizable skills? Do you enjoy dealing with random chance? Would you like to breed a family of superheroes? Would it be entertaining if their bloodline developed heart disease or alcoholism because they are people too? Would you like to manage the development of a small kingdom that feels like a board game inserted into all of this? Then this game is for you, buy it. If you aren't convinced, wait for it to go on sale ($10 is a great deal for it).A good friend of mine played this right up to the 300 year marker, but then lost because his heroic bloodlines went infertile around year 250. No one was left for the final confrontation. I got a kick out of that."
,Not Recommended,246110,18389629,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CTi flauxhawk,"Massive Chalice is a blatant fantasy clone of the new XCOM, minus the tactical depth offered in the aforementioned title (deep or shallow as it was, depending on your opinion). The game is lacking in several key areas, as explained below.1) No explanation of range for hunter weapons - you are left to guess whether your crossbow is in effective range. This should be stated upfront, in number of tiles.2) There is no point to utilizing any other class in combat besides hunter - enemies such as Wrinklers (melee enemy, they age your hero on any successful hit by 5 years), Ruptures (explode when killed) and Lapses (explode when killed, possibly stunning anything in range) make close combat units a gamble, at best.3) Mixing the three basic classes (caberjack, alchemist, hunter) does nothing of particular interest  (except for shuffling class skills and adding a few questionably useful new skills).4) AoE attacks don't function unless targeted at specific enemies (except for alchemist grenades). In other words, you can't utilize the majority of AoE attacks as indirect fire / artillery. They MUST be targeted at an enemy.5) Most 'heroes' that are recruited are typically stacked with negative attributes that make them useless in combat and useless for generating further hero bloodlines.6) You can use only 5 heroes in any given tactical combat, but the Cadence have typically 3-4 times more units. Regardless of what skills are used against them (for example, Taunt) they still maximize their effectiveness in terms of hitting multiple units. A Taunted unit should not be able to move to where it wishes and hit multiple units - if it is Taunted it should only be concerned with directly attacking the unit that Taunted it.About the only thing that was done correctly in this game was the music.If you're looking for a turn-based strategy game I would recommend avoiding this, unless you're willing to deal with ridiculous odds, horrible random events that can destroy your heroes, and weapons that lack any sort of explanation regarding range and capability.I'd recommend picking this up on sale. In fact, I'd just pirate this garbage software since it was given to Xbox One owners for free on release. Talk about discrimination."
76561198021097338,Not Recommended,246110,19645354,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Justice,Feels incredibly unfinished. Very little to keep you engaged.
76561198013806798,Not Recommended,246110,16685810,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Blake Belladonna,"This game has so much potential. The marriage and breeding are great! But it doesnt matter how great your people are when battles happen very rarely and no xp is availible outside of them. So anybody you leveled from the last battle is either dead or about to die. So you put in some new blood hoping to earn xp, but the hordes of enemies with ridiculous attacks and abilities mow them down because they aren't leveled. Just about every enemy is downright overpowered, except the damn seeds. Which wouldnt be so bad except there are around 10-15 per map. One enemy makes you lose xp every time it attacks, one explodes when it dies and one can only take normal damage once a turn. Engaging in melee combat is downright laughable as at least 2 enemies explode when they die. It would be a great game if there were more battles with less enemies."
,Recommended,246110,31959817,Posted: 25 May,all,Eishua,"This game is kinda like playing a simple XCOM game with some major twists. You defend your kingdom against an enemy, the cadence, that tries to invade you every now and then. You can't hold them off from all sides. Instead you need to choose which area to focus on. The fighting intensifies all the way till the end. You also decide which things to build and research. Every now and then there are random events that to spice up the story a bit.The most different part of this games compared to XCOM is that all if your soldiers are going to die. If not on the battle field then to old age. You also need to let a lot of your best soldiers go. Some you want to devote to research and as trainers. Some you need to marry and choose to rule a keep and breed the next generation of soldiers. The next generation is heavily dependent on the traits, class and personalities of their parents. All is not lost after your best soldiers die however. Instead they pass down relics to family member of your choosing.I found this game to be nice yet sometimes a bit too simplified game. It could have used a DLC or smth. Regardless it keeps you entertained for a some time."
,Recommended,246110,31046354,Posted: 9 April,all,heybabyxxx,"BUG ALERT: I played normally for the first 18 hours. Then, suddenly, the game kept freezing on the main menu. After researching the problem, I found out that the game would only work in windowed mode. It's a minor hassle, nothing game-breaking, but still very annoying. It should have been fixed.This is a very interesting game, but not as good as, for example, X-COM: Enemy Unknown. It's very hard at the beginning: the heroes (soldiers) keep dying (more of natural causes than by combat) and it will take a while until you have several keeps with fruitful bloodlines; afterwards, you'll barely get to know your heroes, because the offer will be enormous.Although the game is comprised of a 300 year period, in which battles happen in intervals of about a decade (so it's like there are 30 turns), this was not enough for me to have a building in every region of the small map or to have leveled up a relic (special weapons) to the maximum or to have finished all the research projects (probably I should've built another Standard and Sagewright buildings). So I think a New Game Plus mode would have been a nice idea. Without it, I don't know if I'll play again. My first game, on Normal, took 28,5 hours to complete. The ""good"" ending seems disappointing at first, but after you realize that the game is supposed to becyclical, it becomes actually interesting.Combat is very easy, specially by the endgame, and not very diverse, since there are only 3 basic classes of warriors, from which you can breed some mixed classes with different abilities; but a lot of these abilities are not unique, therefore these subclasses are not that unique either... Maybe it would have been more interesting if I've had the chance to research more items and weapons.Something that I found weird is the game's tone: although the story and the world are really depressing, the Chalice keeps making jokes... It sounded schizophrenic.All in all, an OK game, by all means. But probably not one that will get you hooked or will be unforgettable."
,Not Recommended,246110,28289448,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Princess Celestia @ Ryzen,"I bought this as a more relaxed version of XCOM, turned out to be completely dumbed down with no long term replay value :/"
,Not Recommended,246110,16240940,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Nerk,"Whoever said combat was like Xcom, lied. At most this is a watered down version of it. There's no cover, no overwatch, no nothing.Also i can't help but find it incredibly boring. Heroes are just names with random faces and numbers which die in half an hour of play anyway. I've lost a full team and couldn't care any less about them."
,Recommended,246110,31301893,Posted: 22 April,all,Caesar,"In the beginning I have to say that I haven't played many strategy RPG games in fact it's one of my least favorite genres and Massive Chalice is the 2nd game of this genre that I have completed and I totally loved it.In the beginning of the game you get introduced to the Massive Chalice which is a giant talking cup of water. It has the voice of a man and a woman which will keep talking to you and to each other throughout the game. The Chalice will tell you that it has the power to defeat the cadence which are monsters who attack your kingdom for a reason that nobody knows. In order for the chalice to cleanse the land from the cadence it has to charge it's power and it'll take 300 years for it to charge and for this to work you need to defend your land till the chalice is fully charged. Sadly; after you get introduced to this you are left alone and you will not learn anything about anything until you finish the game which is drastically hurts the game as it would've appealed to more players if it was lore rich.the most important part of the game is the regions management. There you will chose what your nation should be focusing on in the upcoming year, building keeps and breed new heroes and so on. You decide what to do and advance time to see the effect of your decisions, it's like a relaxing meditative time between battles. The breeding system is neat and interesting. It is like an eugenic simulator, If you chose a husband and wife with positive treats and personalities you'll get a generation of reliable combatants, if you do the opposite; you'll wonder why your heroes are missing 80% of the shots. I totally wasn't focusing on breeding in the first 12 hours of the game and I ended with generations and generations with useless hunter. I've been in a situation where I had 4 hunters in a battle and they all missed a point blank shot at single Seed which is the weakest enemy in the game. After getting back and adjusting my marriages the game became way much easier so deciding who should marry who is a key to success in this game. Also there are much other details in the breeding system that'll take a long time to write so I'll stop here.The combat part of the game is good. Maps are good looking (even though that it would've been much better if it was procedurally generated) enemies are well designed and to each his own specialty and they become really threatening at times especially when you make a big mistake or miss an important shot.The soundtrack is perfect. It's not a one that you'll buy and listen to but it perfectly fits the mood of the game. It was composed by Finishing Move Inc who worked on many other projects like Halo and Mad Max: Fury Road. The voice acting is great, well; it's a Double Fine game so it has to be.Throughout the game you'll see regions getting corrupted, babies being born and old heroes die of old age or heart diseas. It is sentimental in the beginning but you get used to it over time. In my first 5 hours of the game I was in a position where I had a really good female hero, She died at the age 64, she had a relic which is a crossbow that she inherited it from her mother so the relic must be passed to someone from her bloodline but she had no brothers or sisters nor sons and therefore her powerful relic must be broken and put inside the chalice and this hero and her relic will be forgotten forever. This was a sad gaming moment for me that I rarely found in other games.I can write a hundred line review about Massive Chalice and it'll still has more to be written about. It's one of these games that you can enjoy but you can't blame other players if they hate it because it has some downs that may get some players off like random events or the accuracy that does not get affected by how far is the target from shooting position. I can never say that Massive Chalice is not a good enough game, yes it can be better but I can take it in this current state. Go and try it for yourself, if you did not enjoy it then at least you'll get an experience that is more unique than many other games.And Double Fine...please reforge the chalice"
,Not Recommended,246110,16691642,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Engstorm,"I just wrote a substantial review regarding my disappointment with this game (indeed, ""disappointment"" is the only word I can think of that describes it) only to have it eaten by my Steam client after hitting ""post review.""I'll attempt to come back and edit my thoughts back in later, but the gist is as follows:tl;dr So if the hero-raising mechanic feels like an impersonal chore, and the battle mechanics feel like a tedious grind...then what on earth is the point?"
,Not Recommended,246110,16697278,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Pumpkin Thief,"This is like the movie Click, but a strategy game. You literally fast forward through most of the game. Unfortunately Christopher Walken isn't in it, and you don't get your life back at the end.The idea of breeding the different classes together to make hybrid classes was interesting, but you can't keep breeding hybrid classes together to make even more hybrid classes, it just comes back around to the defaults.Enemies are unvaried, as is the terrain and the tactical situations themselves. You start out with all your pieces on the field, and you're either near enemies, or you have to uncover the fog of war to find them. Then you beat them and do more fast forwarding.The game was over in 13 hours, and there's not much replay value, other than trying to get the rest of the achievements.Art style is neat. It's a short and interesting tactical strategy game with the Double Fine flavor.Not recommended at full price."
76561198007240278,Not Recommended,246110,19223583,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Naburimannu,"Recommended as much as an interesting near-miss design study as a game. There are a bunch of ideas here that *sound* cool, but many just don't quite work in practice - leaving us with I can't help thinking of as XCOM Generations (5-soldier tactical battles with classes, gear research; instead of explicit base building, you are *breeding* future generations of soldiers). And then there's the unanticipated uneven difficulty bumps... Ugh."
76561198008057404,Not Recommended,246110,18375530,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,starmarx,"Strategy enthusiast ( well accustomed to turn-based and realtime gaming with menus upon menus) disappointed and bored by Massive ChaliceLike many of you I was intrigued by the mechanics of breeding help/harm traits and compounding experience. I was hoping for a variety of possible playstyles, long-term consequences to decisions, and emergent character classes/behaviors and AI behaviors as they adapt to each other's strategies over 300 years.Instead, I had the same hide and seek fight for 26 hours with the same playstyle generation to generation. There was no reward for creativity in breeding and selecting for positive traits in breeders necessarily removed my favorite units from play.Each encounter was incredibly one-sided: stick to the formula, and hunters would triumph untouched; experiment, and all caberjacks and alchemists die horrible deaths to soulless, malevolent squash-beings.TLDR:ClumsySlow LearnerSluggish"
76561197975386597,Recommended,246110,16218406,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,t0nic4778,"Ok so I hesitantly bought this, thinking it may be a dud, but found something unexpected. Noting, I am very critical when I buy and find most to be like movies... same plot, same story, same movie... but this... this was different, and I do mean different in an interesting, thought provoking way without shoving some story down my throat, or questing for some piece of trash Im going to throw away in two levels. I find this less complicated, free form format to be a moderate challenge, but is by no means fast paced. Like a good novel, I just can't seem to put this one down."
,Recommended,246110,17097872,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,fatherboxx,"While MASSIVE CHALICE proudly wears all its influences (Crusaders Kings 2, XCOM remake, Game of Thrones) on its sleeve, ultimately it does not feel like a castrated version of something grand - it is a fine game for its price and set scale.The central gimmick of managing bloodlines is very entertaining, especially when you realise that marrying random people is not the way to go (by year 100 when you need diverse classes).Tactical battles exchange XCOM cover management for knockbacks and stuns, forcing you to constantly be in motion, slamming heads into solid objects.The length of the game is a bit frustrating - playthrough on normal took me 16 hours, while my first XCOM playthrough was only a bit longer - 20 hours. With a game much more abstract, leaner on story and systems, it drags, but by the year 200 (of 300) the ""caring about troops"" aspect kicks in and you just cant leave the clans that you have been fostering for centuries."
,Recommended,246110,32785634,Posted: 25 June,all,Gikerl,"What a fantastic game. I cannot say much more. For 2€ you get a lot of game. The combat in the game feels like xcom, you feel great when everything works out. but then there are the times when 5 archers miss consecutively on a 90% chance. Amazing game! Go get it!"
76561197979242220,Recommended,246110,32148635,Posted: 3 June,all,Punchie - Conformist White Guy,"I wholly reccommend Massive Chalice, it is a great game that just works.It is well executed and has a lot to offer.It is especially fun for people who enjoy the eugenics mechanics of Medieval 2 and Crusader Kings. As well as people who enjoy the sqad based tactical combat of X-COM. I enjoy both and thus had a blast with massive chalice."
,Recommended,246110,21400871,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mr. Needful,"It's impossible to discuss this game without discussing XCOM; when comparing the two, this one is lacking, but it's a decent game in its own right. I'd say that its major flaw is unbalance, closely followed by a lack of options. However, the combat is fun and largely well-balanced, and the story and lore are well-written and frankly deserve to be explored a little more. Overall still pretty fun, and worth a buy on sale.On the subject of the game's lack of balance, the whole idea of the game is that it spans 300 years, so your heros will all die no matter what. Unfortunatley, there are so few battles that it's very hard for them to gain experience. From birth to adulthood (15yrs) children gain experience and traits based on the skill of their parents and of the Standard, so children gradually become more and more experienced, but once they hit adulthood, the only way to level up is through battle. Therefore, a hero is really only good for two or three battles before they need to be retired so they can pass on their wisdom and make some babies. The only reason to keep a hero in battle into old age is so they can level up their Relic, but that's only viable if they have family.When heroes die, there's no reason to mourn them, because you never got a chance to know them. This game desperately needs a Long War mod to let you really invest in your heroes, as well as some battle type variations to keep things interesting. So not just a mod, a full expansion pack. Then this would be worth dumping $20-30 into."
76561198066025258,Not Recommended,246110,22237310,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Ralorrin,"The combat is way too basic, as it mostly consists of ""see that enemy, hit it!"" and nothing more. certaintly there are special moves, but heros have to level up to get these moves. When you take into consideration that heros generally die off after a battle or 2 (either they die in battle, or they get old and die) that dosent leave much room for leveling and development, thus making the aquisition of new skills rather futile. The game also likes to be unnecessarily difficult, even on easy. Granted, this wouldent be so much of an issue if there was more of a tactical side to the game. In the end, I gave this game multiple tries, but found it not to be very fleshed out and largely unfulfilling."
76561198001119205,Recommended,246110,16248905,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,NoPJag,"I just completed the game (Normal Iron mode) and wanted to share my thoughts.The game is often compared to X-COM for its tactical component and therefore criticized for having less depth in this segment.I would say this:- It is less deep (big difference is overwatch), but still deep enough to enjoy.- It is faster! You will handle many encounters upon finishing the game (around 30), so it is a good thing.- The tactical maps are not too varied and rather small. But in the end, it helps making the combat resolution faster as you don't have to seek enemies everywhere.This fast pace suits the game as it focuses on managing generation of heroes.  You want to see how generations evolve and not linger for hours in tactical and wait hours in the management part of the game. So, I think it is sound design here. This is what will make you love or hate the game. You have to consider if it works for you or not if you hesitate purchasing.I still felt attached to some of my heroes (not for so long, at best you play 4 times with them). The fact that they are not long-lived makes it so that you are not punished hard when you lose one. And there is always the next hero to be fond of.The setting/theme of the game is original (never seen elsewhere monsters), the chalice, the generations of heroes makes for a new experience, never played before game. In this day and age of sequels/clones, it was a good surprise.Graphics: Atypical but very clean and I liked them. I loved the fact that the armors/weapons get different looks when research advances. It shows care for details.Music is also very good. The voices are superb.The controls are very well done.The game is really balanced in my opinion. Funnily, I read most people use hunters. I used my alchemists (brewtalists to be exact) so there is more than one way to play  the game. This is positive obviously. Some research options on the weapons open tactics as the abilities offered by the different classes.Is there anything not to like? Well, for me: not really. I just have some regrets though:Sometimes, it is a bit difficult to understand exactly how stats and traits are propagated. Granted, part of the fun is maybe to figure that out.I wished there were better ways to track heroes in the different blood lines. There is a small family tree, but would have liked an overview.I sometimes wished there was the (optional) possibility to customize heroes/Houses. But the Houses out of the box are already very enjoyable.I somehow, want more... So many heroes were 'lost'. You can assign them to research, training, combat or breeding. I wished there were just more to it (more options), more events, leaderboards of heroes and so on...I do realize though that more features could work against the design of a fast paced game with constant choices.Relics were a brilliant idea to have some cross generations element, I wished for more. More logs/relations between heroes.Congratulations to the developers, this is a very unique, well designed, well executed and beautiful game.I will finish with a last comparison with X-COM :the price. Price tags at release were very different. I would dare to say that quality/price, they are a close match, or maybe even Massive Chalice is the winner there."
76561198073406815,Not Recommended,246110,30867170,Posted: 31 March,all,Rockageddon,"I felt constantly scoulded for things out of my control. It's X-com if X-com was a D&D campaign with you as the only player, and the DM as your father whom you can never impress."
76561197993855690,Not Recommended,246110,17209818,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Tom Arnold on PCP,"We'll start with the good parts of the game. First, the monsters. The monsters in the game are varied enough in their appearance and abilities to make them interesting to fight against. One of them steals experience points from characters and can actually drain a level from them, others can wither a character, making them age faster than normal and the sudden appearance of one of them can summon up a feeling of annoyance or dread depending on how close or far they are from your characters.The characters themselves are a mixed bag the classes are determined by the breeding of previous characters who join houses (among other things) to meld two classes into another super class that has aspects of both included in it. Another bonus of the marriages between houses is the parents often pass on good or negative traits to their children like some sort of eugenicists wet dream, characters become super soldiers later on because of their genes/heritage.Despite their status as super soldiers these characters will die, sometimes even without getting into a battle because of how time works in the game, a character who goes into battle at age 20 can possibly die before the next one without any children since people who have a throne are the only ones allowed to make babies. Now on to the bad stuff, if these last few ideas didn't bum you out about character building in this game, some of these will make you less happy.The first bad thing about the characters is they all look exactly the same. They may have different hair styles but their faces are completely without detail and there are only a few different hair cuts in the game so none of the characters look unique. It is also really hard sometimes to distinguish characters from one another due to the way colour schemes work in the game, you take them from the noble heraldry and there aren't that many colours to choose from so inevitably you will have a few different families with the same colours. This is a minor gripe but it is sometimes confusing when you have loner character who you want to stay away from the group and a hive minded person who wants to be buddies with everyone for max effectiveness.A second bad point about the characters is their noble families, you cannot make your own Noble family, the option does not even exist and there is an option at the start of a game to take both ""comedic"" or serious names or only one of the two but the ""comedic"" ones slip in through adoption/recruiting of heroes even if you try to block them out.Lastly, there is no attachment to any of the characters in the entire game due to the shortened lifespan of the character, they might get two or even three battles before they die but then they're gone and you have to send in a few fresh faced goons to fight instead... fresh until the next battle anyway. In some cases half or more of your people are sterile at the beginning of the game which effectively makes them worthless even if they are good at fighting they'll never be able to have kids, all they'll be used for is dying when there's a chance to save someone more important.Moving on, there's the movement of time and the building/research element in the game which I think is absolutely terrible, it's extremely simplified. When time passes it never feels like you have achieved or progressed in any fashion beyond getting new armors or weapons which seems to take forever to do, one final thing I will add is when characters come of age i.e. ready to fight there is no pause function in the game to let you know and setting them up in the combat mission screen is completely clunky and time consuming. I have already beaten to death how characters relate to time so let's skip that part and head straight to the voice acting.The voice acting in this game is extremely annoying, to the point where I don't ever want it to be on. There are a few times when I laughed a bit about what they said but after that it became annoying listening to the stupid warrior woman and the wise archer/alchemist guy talk to each other. A few last topics to talk about are random events and the battles themselves which are intended to be a centerpiece of the game.Random events in this game add a bit of extra flavor to the game but in the end seem designed to♥♥♥♥♥♥you over by killing your characters or taking them away from you for periods of time when you actually need them to go on missions or make babies with other ones. It does make the game a little more interesting but doesn't really add much in the way of changing my opinion of it.Finally, we have the battles themselves. I have to admit that while tactics in the game appear simplistic there are times when you need to think a lot about how you want to move your characters but while the tactics are sometimes deep and interesting the battles themselves do not offer much variation."
76561198036278662,Not Recommended,246110,12922721,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Howdy,"Welp. yeah totally not worth the price... Bulwark is too OP also. The ageing is pretty horrible also.. best off maybe 3 invasions within that life unless you get pitted up against a ton of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Bulwarks spamming pierce shots, running around your party hitting minimum of 2 per shot. GLHF with that!"
,Not Recommended,246110,34266052,Posted: 15 August,all,Resoula,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PS69ozGcRsMassive Chalice is a turn based strategy game that’s really honestly very unique, but not nearly as complex as its official description might lead you to believe.So in this game you play as an immortal strategist essentially. You and your talking chalice work together to run a kingdom that’s under invasion by the cadence which is essentially a mist that spawns enemies and consumes territory if it manages to corrupt it enough. You can create keeps and assign your heroes there to rule it. They will produce new heroes, the class and traits of which being influenced by the regent’s traits and class along with that of his or her spouse. You can research technologies except not really. Research is used to build and craft new items and buildings like keeps, guilds that increase research speed, and crucibles that help train your heroes to higher levels. Higher level parents also create higher level heroes, but if you assign all your high levels to rule then you won’t be able to fight with them. As awesome as that entire strategic layer sounds you have to realize that’s all there is to it. You have a very limited space to build and engineering your bloodlines turns into more of a chore with the more keeps you get. Your time out of battles will be almost entirely spent replacing dead heroes in non combat roles and just repeating the same drudgerous tasks over and over again. And that gets old fast.There are special events that pop up as well on that strategic layer that allows you to make a choice of how to handle situations. These situations can either lead to you gaining or losing a hero or maybe even suffering an invasion in a critical location in your kingdom because you thought opening what was essentially pandora’s box was a good idea. As bad as they tended to ♥♥♥♥ me over I really did enjoy their presence. They helped add some variety and extra challenge to an otherwise bland and repetitive premise.The combat works amazingly similar to XCOM. It seems directly inspired by it, in fact. Though it does lack a meaningful cover system. You move your heroes around and can use items, abilities, and basic attacks. There’s a stealth mechanic built in for a few hunter-based classes, but it’s really rather useless since range doesn’t affect the accuracy of that class’ attacks. You venture through an area and open up the fog and then spot new enemies and try to deal with them. You can also have a keep or something be attacked, in which case all the enemies run out of the fog and try to overwhelm and destroy you. The enemies scale up in level over time to make the game more and more challenging.That’s another good thing to note is that this game is played on a timer. You have to survive about 300 years or so in game. As time goes on and enemies scale up in level, you will also find new types of enemies. Always much stronger than the last. There’s typically a trick to fighting all of them, but these enemy types are really brutal. One of the early on enemies drains the experience of your heroes with every hit. This can cause them to even lose a level, a skill, and stats as a result. Another one advances the age of your heroes with every hit. I’ve literally had one of my heroes die of old age in combat because they were hit by one of these things. Then there are plenty of generic ones as well with their own twists like these kamikaze ones called ruptures that rush in, blow up, and basically consume your heroes in a pit of acidic goo. The variation and challenge in the enemies is fantastic really. It’s so painful to watch a hero you’ve trained up die of old age as they’re rushed by two age-advancing enemies, but it’s so much fun to get stronger and kill them before they get a chance to attack.The graphics of Massive Chalice are cartoony. They’re nothing to brag about and the sounds are alright as well. They certainly weren’t revolutionary for when the game released, but at the same time it’s not like they’re ancient now.Overall Massive Chalice is actually a really fun concept and it has some really good things about it. Unfortunately the gameplay itself is very repetitive as there’s only really two aspects to it and you switch between them a lot. After your first 50 in-game years you’ll feel the repetition becaue within that time you’ve already experienced everything the game has to offer. All you have to look forward to is a scaling difficulty and a race against the clock. Part of the challenge of surviving 300 years in Massive Chalice is trying not to get bored in that time. It was a really fun game...for a very short amount of time. I got it for $2 on a sale and let me tell you, there’s a reason it was $2. You might as well just play XCOM instead. Any of them. Even spinoffs of it. They all have more depth than this.Massive Chalice gets a 4/10 from me. It has some really refreshing and underused concepts in it, but it’s just too bland and lacking to really justify its full price of $20. Even paying $2 I don’t feel like I got my money’s worth because I was frustrated with boredom for most of the time I played it. I’d avoid this one if I were you. It’s very short, very simple, and very boring."
76561198047384882,Not Recommended,246110,17125394,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Penitenziagite,"Interesting concept, but the turn-based combat is much to slow-paced, and for turn-based it also feels as if there are not enough tactical options. Also, battles feel pretty tough - easy to win, but hard not to lose some of your heroes.Maybe worth a try if you get it on sale, and really enjoy turn based skirmish type games, with some fresh long-term strategic elements (that are replacing the typical RPG-like story here).Still... too slow for me to really recommend it, as the ""generation management"" concept can't really carry the game on its own. I much preferred e.g. Shadowrun as tactical turn-based game."
,Recommended,246110,28945105,Posted: 2 January,all,Ampharosmaster64,"I can definately see why someone would have a hard time getting through this game. MASSIVE CHALICE's gameplay is one part XCOM like stratagy, while the other half is managing dynasties and bloodlines. More of the latter than turn-based combat. The best way for me to describe this game is XCOM fused with Fire Emblem, but  time is critical. Since time does pass, and you will have units that die from old age.This means that you'll not have the same units in each battle, since battles are also years apart.""Why does time pass so quickly?"", I hear you ask; Well it's because the player is an immortal ruler/protector of a nation, the talking Chalice thing needs to charge up energy to combat some kind of corruption surrounding the nation. So it is your job to make sure they don't get attacked while they're charging up. They need 300 years to do it.So the time mechanic makes it difficult to get attached to units, but I managed to do so anyway. While I am enjoying this game so far, there are problems. More information about how marriage and bloodlines work would've been appreciated instead of ""Oh look we can get more heroes this way!""This game is not for everyone, if you enjoy XCOM and or Fire Emblem you might enjoy this. If you don't find managing dynasties or a kingdom interesting or fun, stick with XCOM.+XCOM like gameplay+Soundtrack+Visuals+Concept+Writing-Lacking explanation for more complex mechanics-Difficulty varies depending on playthrough-Time between battles is too much"
76561198075126117,Recommended,246110,30323478,Posted: 4 March,all,celestine,Why do so many games I like end up involving eugenics? Also always funny to pair a 70 year old lady with a 16 year old boy.
,Recommended,246110,33439609,Posted: 10 July,all,Cal Gore,"A fun game with enough going on to keep you interested. The concept and mechanics are great but I wish there was more content like jobs/roles for the heroes or a larger map or the ability to play co-op with friends maybe. Thats just me being critical though, the game as it is fun."
,Recommended,246110,29341602,Posted: 18 January,all,MP | Grimsson,"5/10 - A fusion of proven gameplay elements, sadly artificially drawn in length.Birth. War. Death.Thats what Massive Chalice is all about. As an eternal being that reigns a kingdom, overrun by some blighty demon-creatures, your mission is to build heritages of fighters to save your kingdom and rule over a limited amount of RNG text-events. As you progress several hundert years will pass. Childrens will be born, elders will die after training the young, or in combat. In the endif you manage to get thereyou will have to defend the last stance and then...What sounds like a simulation with a nice storyline, a soothing atmosphere and innovative edgy graphics, well, is really just that. But after the 12th fight against slightly more evolved versions of the same enemies and the third time you send someone into exile because he wanted to eat a baby... it gets quite painfull. The character you trained on a high level in the last fight dies 2 seconds after your success... because he got old... repeatetive... So the gameplay and the mechanics are totaly amazing for, like, an hour. And so is the storyline. Because one playtrough seems like a whole life in realtime, it gets annoying after a while. But still, it is a innovative game with a mixture of genre-crossing elements.Gameplay - 4/10Atmosphere - 7/10Storytelling - 3/10Graphics - 7/10Playtime - 4/10Total: 5/10 - Close to the edge of a negative rating, the game still has its charm. Consider buying it in a sale."
76561198021007869,Not Recommended,246110,24325734,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DireRavenstag,"If you're like me, and you like a (relatively) easy strategy game with an engaging story and characters, this really isn't it. If you're not like me, and you're a heretofore unknown deity of strategy games, then you probably don't care what a puny mortal like me has to say anyway.With that being said, I tend to play most strategy games on what I like to call, ""lil' ♥♥♥♥♥ mode"" because while I'm terrible at strategy, sometimes it's just fun to manage a group of characters. What can I say? I like playing god.When I started the game, it hit most of my buttons. Pretty art, cool game mechanic (bloodline management), interesting premise, snarky narrators...And the combat was fun.I even enjoyed the research, although it did get kind of boring after a while. But I was pretty attached to a couple of my bloodlines so I kept going.Then, the Chalice started suffering from dementia, because they'd repeat themselves. Over and over and over. Apparently, the dementia was contagious, because the Cadence seemed to catch it and kept attacking the same three sectors. And the random events. My god. I was more scared of them than I was of the Cadence, because while I had a 33.3% chance of an OK outcome, the other two outcomes were invariably bad and terrible, so I actually had a 66.6% chance of one of my heros dying or getting maimed each time. Hm.Despite the Chalice's mental health issues, I soldiered on and made it to the halfway point. I felt pretty accomplished. I'd been beating back the Cadence, my keeps were doing well, research was progressing, and thenthe fire nation attackedthe Sagewright's guild got attacked. And what do I see when I get in there? Advanced Bulwarks. 5 of them. Surrounding my heros. Who all died. I think it only took about 6 turns.Well ok. Maybe I deserved that after all my successes thus far. Maybe my next battle will go better.Actually, the next battle was less  ""I should be careful so I don't lose any heros"" and more ""Jesus  H. rollerblading christ i finally killed a bulwark after getting acid all over me from the rupture I missed and now there's 5 more bulwaks, 6 lapses and another rupture?!"" Needless to say, it was every hero for themselves after that.  Billy-bob over there who failed to hit the broadside of a bulwark when it was three squares away and dead ahead? Sorry dude. You're going to be rupture bait while the rest of my hunters nope on out with their veil armor.TL;DR: It's pretty, bloodline management is cool, and it's really fun for the first half when you can actually kick some♥♥♥♥♥ Said♥♥♥♥♥kickery makes up for the repeat dialogue, the extremely slow pace of gameplay, and the god-awful, weighted-against-you (66.6% chance that your day is about to suck, remember?) random events. In the second half of your game, when you're just throwing your heros at the Cadence meat-grinder, the previously bearable annoyances become more like unbearable, i'm-going-to-throw-something-through-the-monitor-if-I-hear-that-line-one-more-time annoyances.Overall, I don't really recommend it, although I wish there was a ""meh"" button. if it's deeply discounted or part of a bundle, give it a go, but don't pay full price for it."
76561198005468153,Recommended,246110,20765900,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Gambler75,"""Not all children are smart and clever, got that?  Kids are like any other group of people: a few winners, a WHOLE lot of losers"" ~ George Carlin.10/10 - would raise another puny, clumsy, dimwitted, oblivious, avenging drunk - then send him to the Sage's Guild.  ""He's your problem now!""  :o)Despite some of the complaints about too much hero churn, I am absolutely loving the design.  Getting attached to the lineage, not the individual heroes - and playing quite a bit more risky than I normally would in a strategy game ... they're only going to live long enough for three or four fights tops, might as well go out in a blaze of glory?"
,Recommended,246110,17019293,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Libertygeek,"Don't go into the game excpecting X COM level depth, however don't write off Massive Chalice just because Double Fine's other recent mis-steps.  The game isn't super but for the asking price of $20 it offers an unique enough spin on the genre to make it worth trying."
76561197965283105,Not Recommended,246110,20535407,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Sinon,"I really want to like this time game - the concept really caught my attention and the movie was enticing.  But this game has so many mechanics that suck the fun out of it and it really prevents me from recommending it.Allow me to elaborate.TLDR;  great idea, poor execution.To start, the game is set up such that has the enemies will attack every 10-20 or so years.  This is otherwise fine except that time affects your heroes - they will age and they will die.This mechanic poses the greatest challenge to the game.   Essentially, the game ceased to be a turn based tactics game and instead gets overwhelmed in favor of, ""let's pray to the RNG gods and hope we have the elements we need to continue playing the game"".The primary challenge of the game is maintaining a set of troops that will be ready to fight the enemy threat when they appear.  You can't rely on the same ssquad you had before because your heroes eventually age (lose stats) and die.  Throughout the game, you'll assuredly be going through new set of troops every 1 or 2 of these enemy waves.To maintain a standing vanguard, you need to build keeps to preserve the blood line for the next generation of heroes.  But instead of being a mechanic that helps you, that adds a layer of problems - your heroes can have bad traits that make them undesirable to sire the next generation.  Not having enough of the right gender, the heroes could be infertile, random events cause their heirs to become unusable and other random events cause you to lose the heroes that you've painstakingly prepared.  Heroes are also needed to become sages, do little side quests that have the possibility of taking away from your pool of available heroes when enemies attack.Additionally, maintaining 1 keep isn't enough as the developers have thoughtfully disallowed inbreeding.  This means a minimum of 2 keeps are needed.  Which means another 2 heroes that you have will have to be be removed from your standing reserves - and yet another set of problems that comes with it.Aside from these balance issues, AI is fairly weak, and missions don't require much thought.  Overall, it really feels like a pale reproduction of X-Com.  At this time, X-Com 2 is due to come out soon, and I would recommend you save your money and buy that instead."
,Recommended,246110,17213010,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,(PoA) ¿Señor Santiágo?!,"A modest amount of strategy to be found despite the simple gameplay formula.Having encounteredDouble Fine Productionsprevious work, I was curious to see whatMassive Chalicewould be like, since it seemed different from their Adventure games.  What I found was a fun but undeniably repetitive & somewhat limited experience.  It got a bit old about halfway through, but I still enjoyed it through to the end.This indie game is stylish but surprised me a bit by being unexpectedly barebones.  It boils down to two things:Achieving victory in turn based combat scenarios which pop up at regular intervals until the timeline finishes.Ensuring your heroes are numerous and effective enough to accomplish that task through wise (optimized) choices in which structures you build (& where), the order in which you research technologies & who you appoint to each office (researchers, trainers, breeders, combatants).The turn based combat feels slow, just not quite fast enough; there is a slight delay between your input and action executions.  It feels especially sluggish given how simple combat is once you get the hang of it.  The AI should take less time to complete its turn, the input delays shouldn't be there & all actions/animations should be sped up slightly.It's extremely helpful during combat to advance slowly & uncover enemy units carefully, as in almost any game of this genre.  Coming away from combat with a flawless victory ensures your precious few heroes are preserved for any number of uses, most of all being able to fight when the Cadence inevitably comes again.There are some interesting features tied to the combat, but their implementation leaves something to be desired.  Your heroes can actually lose experience and/or gain years of age upon taking damage from certain Cadence monsters.  In my opinion though, the way things are set up here represents poor design choice, despite that it incorporates one of the unique mechanics (hero aging & death) of the game.  For example, Caberjacks & any of their hybrid classes seem like natural frontline fighters & tanks, but using them is entirely discouraged by the mechanics since they are melee range units; to be close enough to attack, they have to be exposed to taking hits on the next turn.  There's a serious class imbalance here given how easy it is for the player to stack a party heavy on ranged damage dealers, especially the area of effect specialist (Alchemist).  Note: I'm speaking about the lowest difficulty setting (Normal) here, and did not play much past my first complete playthrough - things could be different at higher settings, I don't know & didn't bother finding out.  There is in fact an item you can research & equip to protect against the XP loss / age gain, but it's not available until at least mid game and honestly not a brilliant choice considering the opportunity cost of other researches.  Better (apparently) to go full pew-pew & try never to get hit at all.Further barriers to party diversity include the method for acquiring new heroes.  Marrying two heroes from separate houses & installing them into a keep guarantees they have children who grow up to form your new generation of warriors, but their class will be a hybrid of the two parents, 100% of the time.  Useful if you wish to stack all one or two class types, a bit obnoxious if youre trying to mix it up.  I'd suggest giving trainees at keeps a chance to become either of their parent's classes in addition to the hybrid option.There is a distinct lack of necessary information on items and abilities.  Research on weapons, armors & items doesn't show actual values of the gear until finished.  Character detail panels only show basic info about RPG elements like statistics, traits & more.  Map tile bonuses don't indicate how much effect they have.Armor research includes a progression from standard to refined then advanced.  There's special research that adapts properties of slain creatures to armor, which is neat, except that this isn't truly an upgrade: annoyingly, special armors replace rather than upgrade Advanced armor, & in the end the specials are a big downgrade from that top tier which makes researching special sets a waste.Outlying tiles on the map are the first to become corrupted, yet they're the only tiles to offer unique bonuses for building on them.  It creates a bit of risk vs. reward strategy in placing your buildings.  When attacks come, they occur on two or three tiles, but you can only defend one tile per incursion.  Each tile has three strikes; successfully defending one region not only prevents an added strike but removes one from that region if it had any before the attack.  Undefended tiles take one strike & at three are lost to the Cadence, along with anything on it.  Being mindful of this makes it possible to utilize the bonuses & prevent any territory loss for quite some time!Dynamic events that require player choice pop up now and again; these are entertaining but seem to lack any rhyme or reason in their outcome - just random chance of a positive, negative or neutral effect.  One of these that I saw seems to be an easter egg that reveals a good bit of the backstory for this game, on how the Chalice was created!  The story itself is very light & in my opinion had an odd ending.There is an autosave but I'd have appreciated a quicksave & quickload.As I said right off the bat,Massive Chalicedoes offer some strategic play despite the very simple formula of: fight, raise new heroes, research & build, then repeat.  I found myself not just rushing through this cycle but stopping to consider hero personalities, traits, age, class, etcetera, all of which affect who should become the next Sage or Standard, who should marry into which bloodline to produce the best offspring, which heroes to take into combat against certain monsters, and so on.I personally enjoyed the game and do not regret purchasing, but also found it underwhelming based on my expectations.  For that reason I give this a thumbs up but with the big caveat that you should take a close look before buying & decide whether or not it's for you."
,Recommended,246110,22867572,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Vladkins,8/10 - If you like tactical rpgs/xcom you will like this.+ Kingdom management is unique and fun+ Excellent presentation+ Unlike any other game with the generations affecting your puppeteer actions+ Short and sweet. Devs focused on making a small quantity of superior content rather than...- Polish
,Not Recommended,246110,33124835,Posted: 2 July,all,Zombie Joe,"Cool game with some great ideas, but lacks enough depth to really make them work.  With a better combat system this game could've been really something."
76561198067415005,Not Recommended,246110,16688153,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,LordVonSteiner,These are mostly my first impressions but i can already tell that this game is not for me.The game is kind of like x-com but a very very simplistic version of it.It has some nice ideas. Like having two of your heroes marry to create childeren.The art style is really nice. I love it.The main reason i don't like it is because it's just so simple. I like complex games.
76561198091883381,Not Recommended,246110,24568018,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,blainedeyoung2,"The game has way too much randomness, and you are not guaranteed anything.  The bonuses you get on the outlying terrorities is random.  The random events have negative consequences that you have no way of avoiding.  The heroes that get thrown into the first battle are random, meaning it's a wasted battle.  The starting traits of your heroes are random, and too many of them are cripplingly bad.  You can easily start out with nothing like a workable team.I hear somebody out there saying this randomness means replayability.  No, it means you get screwed even when you didn't do anything wrong.  Apparently some people have an appetite for this abuse, but I don't."
76561198006567132,Recommended,246110,17086858,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Wiseman,"I don't normally do reviews, so I will keep this brief.This game is the start of something great. In massive chalice I see the seeds of the game which any warhammer/game of thrones/lord of the rings fan could love and harbor as a true classic. I will cover these seeds below.- You are the immortal blood emperor of what remains of mankind, thats awesome!- You command aging, powerful heroes to save the world agains TEH DERKNESS!- You have immense magical powers, and total Dictator level control of your kingdom, as well as two hilarious advisors.- You get to create noble houses and powerful blood lines who become more epic as time goes on, asigning them to the roles that will determine their lives.- There are events which occur while ""sleep"" that prompt your waking which are not enemy attacks, such as hero fueds and such.All that said, there are some other things that keep this game in ther ""seed"" stage, as opposed to the actual dream game we all want. I will list these below.- The game tries to be silly and serious at the same time, sprinkling bits of a serious plot amidst two bickering magical halves a big♥♥♥♥♥cup (Guess which), heroes who range from silly to insane (not the good kind), and in general a lot stuff which broke me out of my epic role and screwed with my immersion.- NO HOUSE POLITICS. Heroes and the noble blood lines and houses are completely loyal...maybe to loyal. Outside of events which are personal to individual heroes, and which may not occur at all, they never fight amongst themselves and never seem to be ""alive"". Though some of my heroes had some epicness tied to them. it required a lot of imagination on my part.- No armies at all. Just the heroes and stuff. The humans, outside the usurper queen when she appears, are pretty bent on obeying you and doing nothing else, so you never need to use them, since monsters are not fought with armies in this game. Hard to feel like an Emperor without armies or politics.- Not enough effect from events, not enough customization. I love my first playthrough, but sadly, the second playthrough was nearly identical to the first. I can't customize my heroes appearances very much, nor can I alter the appearance of...almost anything at all aside from placing buildings. And that is far from satisfying my builders craving.- Lack of enemy units and type of attacks. To keep it short, there are not enough of them. The ones we have are great and unique and do require a stratigic approach (Wrinklers and lapses anyone?) to properly enegage, but the fact stands that there are not very many of them.- Ending is a blueballs spectacular.There is a lot more I could say about the game, but like I said, I want to keep this brief (Failing). So why did I rate this thumbs up? Because I had fun playing it, and if they built on this and released a sequal, I would buy it in a heart beat. I want to support progress towards a game we all want.This was not the game we deserved, but it was the game we needed (In order to get the game we deserve)."
,Not Recommended,246110,20887499,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,vokiel,"Basic in nature and not very well balanced, this is the kind of game which gets randomly nerfed to address difficulty issues. The idea behind it is well thought. You select five houses from which to craft bloodlines over several hundred years, research and build fortifications to defend swats of land and train heroes to execute your will. Unfortunately the execution is lacking. The tactical turn-base battles are just not very challenging. The game play lacks interaction with its environment. The bloodline crafting is a great idea, except the game always throws cancerous inbreds at you with very little value and the goal quickly becomes an exercise in finding good couples to match and preserve whatever rare dominant characteristic they might have. This is such a restless activity that whatever is left to explore from the research and building systems become secondary at best. You may find yourself restarting games more than actually playing just because of this.Massive Chalice may become better, if there's ever any will to fix its unbalances, but for now its only a good purchase in the 5$ and below range. This is a game I'm uncertain whether I'll ever bother finishing."
76561197999056985,Recommended,246110,23918311,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Gamer61,"Unique gameplay, bit repetative, but worth it for ~ $5-10. Traits, Personalities, and their effects could be better explained, but you get the hang of it. Basically you play a light form of civilization, mixed with turn-based tactical combat, mixed with a breeding simulator, mixed with rpg elements. I do enjoy it, and replay is decent due to the attempt to maximize your hero stock. If it looks fun or interesting, get it, it won't dissapoint."
76561198087998886,Recommended,246110,20743200,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Hext,"This game is Crusader Kings II meets Xcom. If you like those titles, and see Massive Chalice on sale, it's a no brainer buy.It's not a gem it could have been, but for $4 I can't complain.And it's not like it's a secret what's wrong with the game. The biggest flaw is pacing - your damn heroes age and die too quckly. You find yourself churning through a new generation every 30-40 minutes. It's not uncommon for a hero to only make it to 2 or 3 fights before he dies of old age. There is no time to get attached to them and get invested in their stories. The game ends lacking the dynastic flavor you get in CK2 (not to mention that they don't even have a family tree browser, talk about lack of immersion!)This game could have been great. It's not. It's meerly interesting, good for a single play through. Meaning, it's a worthly buy it if it's on sale."
76561198039390111,Recommended,246110,16714475,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,"The Jewish Squid, Charles.","It's like a blander XCOM, but I like it for the breeding."
76561198080345074,Recommended,246110,21118612,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DontGoJohnson,"LOVE this game. Very simple and intuitive to get into. I felt that the story/voive-acting/atmosphere and art direction were all spectacularly well-done, they all really worked to get me hooked. Combat follows the same format as all other turn based games out there, however with a few great tweaks. The enemies (especially when you take into account some of their special abilities) are some of the most creative and strategically challenging that I've ever come across; have a really awesome hero careful not to get hit by a Wrinkler and have them aged drastically, or risk some damage to age a young novice into his prime. One of the things I had no idea I'd enjoy so much was matching partners together. Ensuring a houses' legacy via their lineage has never been so addictive. I found myself being painstakingly picky about who married who as I tried to ensure that I had the best crop of children coming from my houses. I wish there was a bit more control here as the attributes seem to be mostly random and some of the negative traits can be a little annoying and aren't able to be reversed, it adds to the games challenge and I don't see it as a flaw of the game at all, I just wish I had more control in grooming my heroes into potent killing machines. Having played the game for about 20 hours so far and only just beaten my first campaign (although I did restart a few times because as I learned more about the game I wanted to go back and fix the things I didn't know about before), but I still feel like I don't have a full handle on everything the game has to offer or what the best way to play is. I will definitely be returning to try it all over again in the future.PLAY THIS GAME.9/10"
,Recommended,246110,34470014,Posted: 24 August,all,IEATPLANETS,"Awesome, very creative attempt at a game like XCom, but instead of building and upgrading your headquarters/crew, you are controlling families which have children and thats how you get new soldiers. Your characters have fertility stats to show how their chance of having children. Certain couples have better chemestry too. You have to protect your families during events. Everything has so much style and flair. Its very quarky (if you allow it to be in options.) Otherwise everyone makes more serious comments instead of making you laugh. You can do a mix of the two as well. The battle system and interface is good, but not as good as XCOM 2. That being said, it works perfectly well and is just a different game so it's to be expected. When you click that ""start time button"" unlike xcom, it goes by days and years, your characters die from old age often so make sure you have plenty babies being made. They can start fighting around 18 years old or something. I love the whole vibe of this game. The two voices of the Massive Challace are amazing and hilarious. They often argure with eachother and offer different approaches to situations.  I give this game an 8.75/10."
,Not Recommended,246110,13134286,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Game stuck at Start a New Game screen. Great quality from the makers of SpaceBase DF9.
,Not Recommended,246110,25715035,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Gathos,"I thought this game was OK. I liked the combat, the music was perfect, and the kindom management, while a hassle, was kind of fun.However, there are two major problems with this game.1. The map is annoying as hell. It doesn't zoom out nearly far enough and it's just an aspect of management during battle that could result in your heroes getting spotted without you realizing it until it's too late.2. The game doesn't give you NEARLY enough information about how its mechanics work. I played the game twice and both failed because the game simply didn't communicate basic information, like how to keep your heroes leveled up, and how the final fight would work.Speaking of, if you do buy this game DON'T PLAY ON IRON MODE. In Iron mode all your actions are overwritten while you play. While that sounds nice and hardcore, the game does not tell you valuable information about the final mission which you will likely fail without. So play without iron mode, and when you fail the final mission you won't have to replay the whole 10 hour game (yes, it throws away all your progress if you fail the final mission).I can't recommend this game. Despite it's great soundtrack and fun combat I can't forgive a game that screws the player's time through a lack of information. If it gets some major sale, fine, but until then just go buy something better.SPOILS: Here's the info about the final mission that I've been talking about, if you want to know ahead of time.Alright, so in the game you can create 'bloodlines.' In the final mission, if a hero dies it will be replaced but the previous hero in the bloodline. If that hero dies, it gets replaced again, and again, until the bloodline is exausted. So bring the heroes that are a part of bloodlines, not recruited heroes.Also, bring a couple alchemists. You're going to need AOE and you can refill your flasks at the Chalice. Make sure you got a relic weapon for them (which you can get by getting one hero a ton of kills over their lifetime).With this information, you should be able to beat the final mission."
,Recommended,246110,21413894,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Avagardra,"Clever mixes of xcom and fire emblem in this beautiful, well paced, and fascinatingly crafted experience."
,Recommended,246110,26446428,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Jabs Jabiru,"Amazing game!The perfect example of ""just 5 more minutes"" which will become 20 Hours in the blink of an eye."
76561197998444838,Recommended,246110,33653893,Posted: 19 July,all,Renegade Princess,"A fun and thoughtfully-made game. Recommended if you enjoy tactical strategy games.Of all the games of this type I've played, it is most similar to the XCOM reboots. The setting/tone/flavour are all very different, but a lot of the core gameplay elements are similar.A few caveats follow:Massive Chalice is simpler than XCOM:EU/EW and XCOM2 in most ways. This seems to be both a deliberate design choice and also the result of working with a much team and budget. The game feels polished and well-made, but a little bit sparse. In particular there isn't much variety in the tactical game. For me there was just enough present to keep things interesting during the 14 hours that it took to finish my first playthrough, but I think I'll struggle to enjoy replaying it.The visual style is charming, and the maps and enemies in particular are very pretty. However, the people all look very similar and are chiefly differentiated by changes in hair style and hair colour. That would be a real downside regardless, but it's particularly glaring given the way that almost all of the strategic gameplay revolves around deciding where to situate the various people and what they will do.The ageing mechanic and all the associated people-wrangling is a very clever idea. It works okay in implementation too, although I think the pacing is a bit off - the people age (and have children) too quickly relative to most game events, which often felt like it reduced the circumstances where I got to make really impactful or difficult choices about them. Combined with the homogenous representation I mentioned previously, the effect was rather distancing."
,Recommended,246110,28933665,Posted: 2 January,all,Fluffynator,"The game is good, but you have to have a certain personality to play, THIS IS NOT AN ACTION GAME!Its something you do a livestream where you need to talk. Or play it after a stressfull work day.Its a game to relax."
,Not Recommended,246110,20554289,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Draxxalon,"Some cool concepts, but after three tries at playing this game and getting screwed by some random thing I didn't know would screw me, I'm done with it.If you like the ""you might be screwed before you start the tutorial"" sort of random, then this might be for you.If you like having some form of control over your destiny, then probably not."
76561198039416320,Not Recommended,246110,25193362,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Bloodnails,"In short: Messy UI, boring gameplay, strange wrapping. Has some core ideas wich are really good. Could make a good sequel.UI:To many animations, roll over effects, and non intuitive menues. Feels like navigating a webpage that keeps refreshing on your phone. Why is there half a second of black when changing between menus, IN ADDITION to the constant zooming in and out animations?! And there is a serious lack of information where you need it. When you are selectign the heroes, you can see the traits but not what they mean. So you have to go out of the menu you are using, back to the main map and then into another manu if you wonder what the trait means. Here it would actually be usefull with a roll over effect.Graphics:They went with a very unique style. I like it. I wish the units would look more different though. They are very bland.Story:For me the story was marred by the ""comedy"" of the narrators. Bad jokes that are intended to be ""so bad it's good"", but failes. And this is the serious setting! I shudder just to think what the ""funny"" setting is like.Gameplay:I compare the combat to Xcom: Enemy unknown, and it's very basic compared to this. The animations and game mecanics makes it feel old and repetetive really fast.The selling point of the game is the familiy mecanic. You ""breed"" your soliders/heroes on the traits (wich are hard to fint the effect of, as mentioned). But the UI is so cluttered and cimbersome, so I never felt anything for the different dynasties. Great idea, but it is not shining in this installment. The same idea is found in Crusdaer Kings, but effevted so, so much better."
,Not Recommended,246110,12934132,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,[Olin] QuantumMechanic,"Horribly unbalanced. Third battle I got into threw an endless wave of enemies with twice the health of any of my dudes, and alternating damage invulnerability, rendering it completely unwinable. Kept playing after that point hoping it was a fluke, but ran into the same thing two fights later. Don't buy."
76561198042281318,Recommended,246110,17089240,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Sairvell,"I'll confess that I never did get the whole 'Massive Chalice' thing.When I explain this game to people, I breeze pass the name, cop to the presence of a big stupid cup and go on to tell them that it's a fun turn-based tactical combat game, matched with am even better eugenics simulator.The mixing and matching of various heroes provides a wide-variety of blended character classes derived from the basic Alchemist, Caberjack and Hunter (the Rock, Scissors, Paper of this game) archetypes. But deeper than changing the skills, the joining of bloodlines supplies a variety of Traits that modify heroes in ways ranging from how many babies they're likely to have (and of which gender) to increasing their basic attributes, which is a direct increase in combat damage, to how likely they are to drop dead from a heart attack.Many times I found myself weighing who should marry whom, since characters made heads of households can no longer join in battle. Similarly, building the Sagewright's Guild allows you to permanently retire characters for a reduction to research time for new technologies and nation-wide buffs. Finally, a Crucible structure allows you to retire a single exemplary hero to train the next generation (providing bonus experience points) and shape their attitudes (by imparting Personality on others, a learned version of the Trait system that you breed for in order to create the best heroes). Selecting proper breeding stock and maintaining enough quality heroes to repel an enemy attack can be a challening balancing act.As far as the tactical combat goes, it does not fair so well in comparison with its most obvious inspiration: X-Com. The lack of variation in maps becomes crushingly tedious over even a single playthrough. The small number of enemy units is disappointing, though they are interestingly rendered, looking like enemies unique to this surreal fantasy universe. But the Caberjack and other melee combinations are punished by the enemies' proclivity for stunning, knockbacking, hurting and aging (yes, age attacks are to be feared since you're spending 300 in-game years breeding heroes. You wouldn't want your prize stud going gray before he's had a chance to pass on his swell Traits).Also the lack of any kind of overwatch command and no modifiers because of elevation or posture choices further limit the tactical options. Frequently I found myself wishing for more imaginative gear to research. I wanted items that affected the battlefield or changed the way you fight in more tangible ways than providing simple buffs, healing or immunities (the Skipping Stone being an exception).Since you're cast as an immortal sovereign, shepherding your kingdom in a three hundred year holding action until the Massive Chalice charges up like a Death Star in a pint glass, various conundrums and questions come up along the way. These opportunities to pass judgments often create lasting consequences that take a few years to show themselves. While being simply text and two or three Choose-Your-Own-Adventure style choices, they add a welcome break from the immediacy of tactical combat and the more considered, long term choices in your breeding program. Unfortunately, there don't seem to be nearly enough of these events, with many of them repeating on a second play-through.All in all, I enjoyed the cubist fantasy art and the unique enemies. Though I wanted more from the combat, I still enjoyed it, even if some of the maps sprawl too much for my taste. The eugenics simulator was entertaining, and I enjoyed (at least on the first playthrough) the occasional problems that my subjects would require my judgment on. I wanted a little more from every system in the game, but if you're a fan of turn-based tactical simulators and are willing to explore a fresh take on how one recruits the units for one's army, I recommend trying Massive Chalice... just ignore the premise of the big stupid cup and enjoy the rest."
,Recommended,246110,20373906,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,CS-,"I picked Massive Chalice up on sale and while I enjoyed the game, I'm very glad I didn't pay full price for it either.The game starts off fairly quickly giving you a taste of everything. It quickly abandons you as you start to progress through the 300 year war. The combat while not extremely challenging or varied is enjoyable throughout your first play through. The random events come semi frequently and offer a lot of possibilities. During my second play through I used the wiki to look at the outcomes just to see the potential of each situation and was pleased by the range and pros and cons of each decision. I found the art style very hit and miss but I can't fault the game nor praise it either. The music was appropriate and enjoyable to listen to while playing but the two ""voices"" of the chalice I found incredibly annoying and within 30 minutes of playing dropped their volume to nothing and used subtitles instead.I had a few issues with Massive Chalice besides the annoyance mentioned above. I was really hoping for more from the eugenics side of this game. It's not often that a concept like this comes up, especially within gaming. I found the pairing / breeding system of the game at best disappointing both in the long and short term game. The 300 year war isn't long enough to selectively breed a really decent army and for the ""hero's"", the best of the population. Undesirable traits seam fairly common. I really thought there would be a lot more depth and variety in the actual game play. Instead of fighting the same 5 or so enemy types on different maps in different combinations and numbers constantly throughout the game. Finally without spoiling anything I found the end of the war to be anticlimactic.I mostly enjoyed my first play through of the game even after restarting about 175 years into the war due to some poor prior planning. My second play through was dull before I had even clicked start, I got to 200 years and stopped because I realised I had not been enjoying it at all. I think Massive Chalice had some great ideas and seamed great from the outside and while enjoyable the first time around, it really didn't deliver what I had expected from the game.If you enjoyed the eugenics side of games like Crusader Kings 2 this game might give you a bit more (but not greatly) of what you are after but besides that, it's a dull game with great ideas and great random events but that's it. Buy it on sale, it's worth $5 at the most. 6.5/10"
76561198060235714,Recommended,246110,16731932,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Biadora,"Maybe this will sound weird, but I find this game very much alike the X-COM game, yet it is also nothing alike it.This is a fantasy game. Lovely artwork. Yet the strategic elements in the battles and the way you build up your ""base"", or in this case, kingdom, reminds me of how X-COM works.Your goal is to defend your kingdom for 300years, and a large part of the manner in which you achieve this goal is by breeding your heroes, your nobels. They make up both your soldiers, but also researchers, trainers and parents of future heroes/soldiers.I get great fun out of trying to fit together in arranged couples those who will pass on the most desired traits to their offspring. Yet at time I have had to pick whomever I had left at said time. You start with three base classes yet breeding toghether different classes can yield new classes.  I have yet to complete my first playthrough but will definitly play though it several times (even as I doubt that I will manage to move from the normal difficulty setting).The management side aside, ever so often your kingdom will get attacked. Often two or three times at once, yet you can only send out one team of heroes. Leaving you at the hard choice of which parts of your land to possibly loose.The battles themselves are as stated before turn based. Enemy difficulty has thus far always felt challanging enough, with a good (yet not overly large) amount of varied opponents. Nothing has felt OP even as there are some leaps in difficulty from time to time.If you like games that are a mix of management and turnbased strategy, then this is really a game for you to try."
,Recommended,246110,16748510,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tooth-Walking Sea-Horse,"Right! Completed a campaign on the starting difficulty. I reckon it took about ten hours all told, and at various points I was ♥♥♥♥ing sick of everything but Massive Chalice has some interesting enough points that it's worth discussing.First off: the obvious comparison to make is X-Com. It's the same basic template of a squad of five engaging in turn-based percentage-themed combat with alien-looking-things.  Backing that all up is a world map where events emerge and you react. There's some research where you use alien-looking bodies. There's a timer. Surely just a rip-off? Well......not quite. Let's take a step back: What's the premise? The MASSIVE CHALICE is a superweapon of sorts, charging up to once and for all defeat the dastardly Cadence, a vague orangey blob around the map there that is planning to destroy you and everyone you care about. But it's gonna take a while to charge up - 300 years in fact, so your elite squad is going to be experiencing a lot of change. They've got a fighting lifetime of maybe 50 years if you get lucky, so you don't invest in single supermen, you invest in super-bloodlines.Each of your castles on the map is occupied by heroic families. The Kuan! The Leones! The Aabershots! The Berrys! Heroes all! Keep 'em married and not covered in orange goo and they will provide you with a fine selection of heroes. Then you cross-breed them with special tweezers to try and encourage positive traits to emerge. I mean in theory you do, I just married off people with high fertility so I could get maximum manpower, which led to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ super soldiers indeed.The research you're doing is gradually improving their equipment, both in stats and fancy stuff, and during their short lifetimes, they'll level up themselves and unlock special powers of their own.Basically it is a balancing act, trying to keep the conveyor belt of babies rolling consistently enough that you always have a good enough five-man force to call upon while trying to boost up the long-term bonuses - I've mentioned research but there's also relics which have to be passed down bloodlines, and gain power every time they're used in battle.As long as you make sure to build a few keeps at the start to house your families, minion numbers aren't really an issue, so then it's going to be battles which could be your downfall. Every ten years or so the cadence strikes in 2/3 provinces, and you defend one. Three strikes and they vanish forever.You're inevitably gonna lose something. What you have to do is not lose battles, as that will accelerate the process of loss, and at the difficulty I was on, this wasn't a taxing task either. I lost one battle out of maybe thirty, which meant a lot of those 300 years were boring , waiting for the next fight to emerge so I could get it over with.About 200 years in, I'd unlocked enough stuff, advanced my soldiers enough, and came across bad enough dudes, that the occasional interesting battle slipped in. Everything I've said so far is functional and boring, but let's get in the praise for MASSIVE CHALICE now, which is the diversity of battlefield options.There's Cradles - upside down jellyfish who spit out babies. Roided-out blue guys called Twitchers, who can instantly swap position with anything. Ghostly Lapses, who causes your heroes to forget how to do things. Spiky Ruptures, who only exists to explode, leaving behind damaging sludge puddles. There's also baddies that can only be hit once and go invulnerable (Bulwarks), and baddies who cause your heroes to age years in a single punch (Wrinklers), potentially having them die of old age in the middle of a fight.Your heroes are also pretty damn fragile, which means everything can suddenly go 100% to pot in a moment. So at its best, MASSIVE CHALICE is this little battlefield puzzle, where you have a huge amount of enemies around you that you can't possibly all kill this round, so how do you prioritize? Can you chain-reaction the ruptures? Can you knock some of them into a tree so they get knocked out for a turn? Can you smash up the local flora?In my favourite battle (barring the final showdown which I shall not go into cos I want it to be a surprise if you play it), I found myself against a very large number of bulwarks, who go almost invincible after their first damage instance each turn. I did not have the damage to take out eight of them simultaneously, so I couldn't just start locking and loading as they would ♥♥♥♥ing murder me, but I had invested in some bulwark armour (researched with their corpses), which does exactly the same for your men.So the big men waddle into the centre and absorb the hits and hope they don't run out of health while the alchemist stands at the back lobbing crates of bees at the enemy, which meander around, causing damage to everyone and the hunters prowl around in the shadows looking for pickoffs as the blundering bulwarks try and escape the bees.Later on I got something from the Twitcher corpse research called Skipping Stones, which let you be the one who swaps positions with anything - there's some really inventive things you can do with them, to force enemies onto certain paths, to save people, to drag baddies into range. I kept a guy alive on 1HP for a good ten minutes on the final battle by swapping him all over the shopThe other thing which got better as the game went on was my feeling towards Bloodlines rather than specific heroes. X-Com is all about that one sniper who is the best at killing aliens, and you give him a name and ooh isn't he the best. Whereas with MASSIVE CHALICE, your heroes are going to see at most five battles before they die, so you better get used to them fast. Ultimately - I can barely name anyone who fought for me, but I have a strong recollection of the bloodlines they came from (always rely on the Aabershots) but you're not going to be able to tell the same stories about them.In summary: MASSIVE CHALICE starts off immensely boring, and gradually increases in challenge and options until it becomes interesting. My normal campaign took about ten hours, so it depends whether you have that time to spare.I'm gonna try an ubertough campaign and see if that helps or compounds the issues.Anyway, it's worth a fiver"
76561197992242395,Recommended,246110,17678666,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,easytarget,Fine example of taking risks in game play design that paid off.  Loved the art style and simple yet effective UI.  The player is constantly challenged to make tough decisions that have real trade offs and consquences.  And the tactical battles connect back to the strategic layer better than most any game that's attempted it.The player will fight to maintain bloodlines and relics through the 300 years of history leading to the final battle against the cadence.  Will you succeed or fail?  In the end all of your decisions along the way will determine that.
,Not Recommended,246110,16691830,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Rad Jesus,"I bought and played this game for about an hour. I requested a refund. Confusing, and boring."
,Recommended,246110,16667775,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,TMFaisal,"-( Please Add Arabic Language To The Reviews Languages )-لما شفت عرض اللعبة اشتريتها وأنا جالس أفكر , هل تسوى ؟واليوم بعد ما ختمت اللعبة في 29 ساعة أقول لكم اللعبة رهيبببه !( ممكن تختمها في مدة أقل بس بقول لكم ليش طولت في قسم سلبيات اللعبة)( الزبدة موجوده تحت في الأخير لو ما تبغى تقرأ كل هالكلام )قصة اللعبة :انتشر الدمار في العالم وبقت مملكتك صامدة كآخر نقطة في الأرض مافيها دمار , الكأس العملاق اللي القصة حوله يقدر يطهر العالم كله إذا تعبى بالكامل خلال 300 سنةانت دورك في اللعبة الحاكم ولازم تدير مملكتك وتحميها من الكادينس خلال هالوقتوعشان تحميها تحتاج أبطال لمملكتك ولازم تلفلهم وتزاوجهم مع بعض وتسوي سلالة خاصة فيهم عشان يخلفون جيل جديد من الأبطال , وفي نفس الوقت لازم تعمل حساب للصفات الوراثية للجيلإذا الأب أو الام عنده مرض ممكن ينتقل للجيل اللي بعده , نفس الشي ينطبق على الصفات والقدرات الزينه زي الذكاء----طريقة اللعب راح أقسمها لقسمين :-1- خريطة المملكة :هنا تدير المملكة بالكامل عن طريق بناء المباني واللي تاخذ منك سنين في البناء ومع كل مبنى تبنيه راح تزيد مدة البناء للمبنى الجايوتشوف الأبطال بميزاتهم وقدراتهم وتبني لهم قلعة عشان تحط فيها عائلة وتخليها خاصة بسلالتهموتقدر تسوي أبحاث عشان تصنع دروع وأسلحة أقوى وحاجات ثانية بتحتاجها كل ما تقدمت باللعبةوتقدّم الزمن بسرعة عشان تركض السنين وتشوف مملكتك تتقدموفجأة ! يجيك هجوم من الكادينس على حدود مملكتك ! يهاجمونك كل 10 سنين تقريبًا وفي الغالب أقلفي الغالب تجيك هجمتين مع بعض وبعض الأحيان تجيك هجمة واحده وبتكون على مبنى بانيه على الحدودلكن إذا بقت لك أقل من 100 سنة راح تبدأ تجيك ثلاث هجمات في نفس الوقتهنا انت لازم تختار انك تدافع على وحدة من الأراضي اللي عليها الهجوم وترسل أبطالك عليهاأهم شي أنك تختار صيادين ( 2 صياد عشان ما تتلخبطون ) في الهجوم2- نمط القتال :هنا اللعبة تتغيّر تصير في ساحة معركة وتلعب بأبطالك اللي اخترتهم وتحارب الكادينس فيهمنظام المعركة زي تكتيكي بأدوار أو Turn Based Tacticsيعني لك دور والكادينس لهم دوروكل بطل له خطوتين ومسافاتهم تختلف حسب قدرات وميزات كل بطلالصيادين يطلقون سهامهم من مسافات بعيدة ودروعهم ضعيفةالكيميائيين هجماتهم متوسطة ويقدرون يرمون قنابل تفك أزمهالمدرعين من اسمهم دروعهم قويه وضرباتهم قوية وهم اللي دايمًا تخليهم في الوجه وضرباتهم توقف عدوك لمدة دور-------الايجابيات :1- كل ما تقدمت في اللعبة كل ما زادت صعوبتها بالذات لما يكتمل نص الكأس2- فكرة نسل الأبطال وأن كل نسل له قلعة خاصة فيه3- تهجين تخصصات الأبطال لما تزوّج بطل بتخصص مع بطلة بتخصص مختلف يطلع المولود بتخصص جديد4- تنوّع الكادينس اللي تحاربهم وتنوّع قدراتهم , مثلاً في واحد منهم اذا ضرب بطلك يقدّم عمره خمس سنين , هذا نكبه ابعد عنه5- عمر الابطال حوالي 70 سنة ويموتون , هذا اذا ما ماتو في معركة , فلا تعلّق قلبك ببطل6- نظام القتال ممتع7- المناسبات اللي تصير في المملكة كل كم سنة أضافت متعة لأنك بتتخذ قرار فيها وممكن يكون قرار صائب وحلو أو قرار مخيس ويضر أبطالك أو مملكتكالسلبيات :1- ان البطل اللي تزوجه أو تعيّنه في مبنى ما راح تقدر تلعب فيه مرة ثانية2- أحيانًا لما تدخل على معركة ينكبونك ويحطّونك في مكان مخيس بين الكادينس3- اللعبة فيها مشاكلة تقنية في نمط القتال وهي الشي اللي خلاني أطوّل في مدة اللعبةلما تحدد بطل معين على كادينس عشان يهاجمه يعطيك نسبة في نجاح الضربة وأن الضرر اللي بتسويه من 30 الى 40 مثلاً وتتفاجأ لما تهاجمه ان الضرر اللي جاه بس 6 والكادينس اللي قدامك دمه 50 !! نكبةبالذات في الهجمات البعيدة ممكن الضربة تشطح بعيد عنهفعشان كذا في كل دور أخزّن اللعبة لأني ما ابغى أنحط في موقف معفن !والمشكلة انك بتكرر هالشي كثييييييييييييييييييير عشان كذا بديت أطفش من اللعبة في آخر 100 سنة----في الأخير :أعطي اللعبة 8\10 وأنصح كل الناس يشرتونها ويجربونها وإذا ما عجبتهم يقدرون يرجعونها مع خدمة الترجيع من ستيم :)"
,Not Recommended,246110,13042229,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,genequagmire,"I *love* tactical and strategy RPGs.  Which is why I'm pretty sure this one has some serious issues.  I've spent an hour and a half with it, and I feel absolutely zero compulsion to continue.  The potentially interesting heredity mechanics are broken by the fact that the battles (this could get better as the game progresses, I suppose..) are incredibly tedious and uninteresting.  Three classes with next to no abilities doesn't exactly motivate me to get deep into a game.  Movement and camera interaction is clunky and unpleasant.  Honestly, if you can't get me hooked on your strategy RPG, you've done something incredibly wrong."
76561198002774794,Recommended,246110,14397215,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ApexHawk,"TLDR: A solid Strategy Game, that lacks just a bit of content to become one of the classics. 8/10.(Review based on the 0.93 patch, and the current info on future updates)I've been following Massive Chalice for several months now, and I've been active on both the Steam and the DF forums. I decided to put out my review now, since I finally feel like I know what the final product will look like. I've also got 53 hours  of steam game time clocked in, and I'd like to think that I'm now somewhat of a MC veteran.Massive Chalice is a Tactical Strategy game very much in the vein of X-com. You take command of a kingdom beset by corruption called cadence on all sides, and your job is to manage the kingdom's buildings, marriages and research in order to ultimately defeat it. The gameplay is divided into the tactical side, where you command your heroes against the monsters called pawns, and the strategic side where you build, research and manage your heroes as centuries pass and the cadence enroaches on your territory.I'm gonna go over the game's features from best to worst.Graphics and sound design: Easily the best thing about the game. The Doublefine pedigree really shows here. The game has a certain papercrafty- jaggedy artstyle that is just beautiful. The graphics aren't the most high-fidelity thing in the world, and I don't have the computer to judge them, but the awesome look of the game really makes it stand out from pretty much everything I've played. Not only that, the aestethic is very unique, and the fantasy world is more than just your standard fantasy setting nbr. 2871. You command caberjacks swinging huge logs, Alchemists with clawed slings, and battle in environments ranging from red-white deserts to blue-green swamplands.The voice acting, and music are also a very strong point. The game has a phenomenal soundtrack with some very punchy music, and the voice acting from the two advisors that accompany you through the game is so good it doesn't even get annoying 50 hours into the game. The sound effects are also very appropriate, with each blow, explosion and shot perfectly puctuated, with skitters and screams, and little details like the alchemist's flasks clinking as they run. For the eyes and ears, this game is a treat in this genre.Tactical Gameplay: the combat is really good, as it should be. Instead of an X-com cover system, the game's combat is based around line of sight and positioning. Your group consists of 5 characters that can belong to 9 classes. Enemies can be knocked around the battlefield, stunned and dispatched, and the three main classes have a wide variety of options from Caberjack charges and alchemist flasks to the Hunter's sneaky stealth ability. The enemies start out weak, but suddenly spike up to strong, and then start coming at you in large numbers. Especially in hard, it takes all your wits and skills to make it through each fight, with the reward being the lives of your heroes and stopping the spread of corruption. The biggest weakness in combat, is the variety in enemies. There are 7 in total and each has an advanced form, which give them a re-skin and an added ability. (to be implemented) I think the game could have benefitted from just one or two more Pawn types, because sooner or later in the midgame a certain boredom starts to creep in. Especially in the lower difficulties and when you're doing well. Your maximum level characters are also so powerful that enemies become mere targets. on a successful playthrough, the last few missions tend to be more of a ""clean-up"". Again, this only applies to normal mode.There is also only one mission type discounting the final mission, but the system is designed around it, and there is a rather large ammount of randomization to keep the gameplay interesting. It's not a huge point against the game.Story: Pure and simple. You Chalice, they Cadence, Kill. The atmosphere is great though, thanks to the aforementioned audiovisual design, and there are several events that pop up through the playthrough to give you the bigger picture of the kingdom you're managing. The atmosphere is better than the story.Strategic gameplay: It's mostly a good strategy game. the most unique thing is the Bloodline system. You are given a retinue of heroes each belonging to heroic bloodlines (made by the people who backed this on kickstarter) and marry them together to produce children. The traits, relics and experience all influence the children, and they will grow up to be heroes themselves. The game's campaign lasts 300 years, so heroes don't always stick around for long, but the bloodlines so leave an impression on you. You also manage your kingdom's research and deal with the several random events that keep popping up. The events usually have several options to take, but the outcomes are still randomized, so no matter how many times you've played through it'll be hard to make a ""good"" decision.The strategy layer isn't the deepest thing in the world. Even though the bonuses, the heroes and the events are randomized, the map and the building times are always the same. (Hard mode shakes this up a little bit with extra corruption) If you figure out the right exploit, it can be easy to overlevel and steamroll the cadence. There are only two resources, heroes and time, and everything happens letting time pass, so all you're really doing is deciding on research, marriages and where to defend. And there aren't really that many viable builds either. All item research is around the same powerlevel, and the more necessary research takes such a long time, that there is no point to doing most of the research. there are cool weapons, items and equipment you'll never really want to use, and bonuses that come in way too late to be important. Multiple times through, the Strategic gameplay isn't as interesting as the combat is.Conclusion: Massive Chalice has it's flaws. You can see the effort and love that's gone into the game, but you can also see the points where the constrained budget and developement time prevent the game from fully realizing it's vision. For any fan of strategy games, this is still a wonderful experience and an easy buy. It is a fun, unique and challenging game, that you can have a lot of fun with."
,Recommended,246110,16254683,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Glasseater,Is good
,Recommended,246110,23174278,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Niv-SeiZa,"Fantasy Strategy Game - XCOM Combat MechanicsYou are an eternal ruler that has to manage heroes and bloodline to persevere against the swarm of the Cadence for 300 years. The game is very simple in itself provides a good guideline and has a very nice touch of humour. The difficulty of the game is that every unit/hero you have at disposition is pretty much UNIQUE. Music is just EPIC.On another note... One of my heroes got a ""Leg Injury"" after a trip to the park with me. :DI guess my jokes went too far. :P11/10 would want a Massive Chalice 2."
76561198083383882,Recommended,246110,16882678,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Whiskeyjack,"Let me preface this review by saying I am not a Double Fine fanboy (I've played a few of their games, but would never buy one merely because it is DF). I also did not back it early. I have no bias to say this is good if it isn't. I bought it on sale. I've also beaten it on Normal Ironman mode, so I've seen the whole thing.This game is not going into a Top 10 for me or anything, but it is quite good. I'll try to address the concerns you may have from the other reviews.""The game is not XCOM."" This is a strangely specific complaint. Are we to judge whether a game is good solely on whether or not it is XCOM? The games have different foci. Any of the myriad complaints along the lines of ""you can name your characters in XCOM but you can't here ... this game sucks"" are nonsense.The goal in XCOM is to keep people alive. One of the main mechanics in this game is to get time to progress so that people die and new, better ones take their place! I'd be overly annoyed if they wanted me to name the 200 people I went through. Not naming is a good design choice. Anyone that says otherwise has misunderstood what the game is about. This goes for the other ""this is not XCOM"" complaints as well.""The tactics are limited and shallow."" This complaint is a thinly veiled ""This is not XCOM."" The depth doesn't come from pure tactics like XCOM. The depth comes from the large scale strategy of bloodlines, buildings, researching technology, setting standards, and so on in a limited resources environment. Time is a resource. You only get so much. I'd like to see someone with this complaint beat it on Brutal Ironman difficulty. Yeah. If it's so shallow this should be cake for them. That's what I thought.Look. The general idea of some of the complaints stand. It gets mildly repetitive. I plan to take a short break before starting some attempts at Hard/Ironman for this reason. But it has some strategic and tactical depth to it. It is fun. It has some unique, new ideas. It is certainly worth the price. I'd be surprised if I got less than 50 hours when I decide to call it quits. Not game of the year, but certainly not bad."
76561197999498341,Recommended,246110,16752063,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,No.3 Mole,"The best and quickest way I can descibe this game is to say that it's fantasy XCOM (the newer ones) with elements from Hero Generations.And I don't mean that as a bad thing, I love XCOM, and I'm really enjoying MASSIVE CHALICE, but it really is XCOM. The management simulation sections are similar to XCOM, and even feature similar research mechanics. The combat interludes are similar to XCOM, even down to the 2-AP turns. The character pregression is similar to XCOM, esspecially as far as the two-path ability tree format and equipment layout prior to a fight.The biggest difference is that MASSIVE CHALICE features a ""character breeding"" mechanic. Your heroes will age and, eventually, die of old age. To keep yourself well-stocked with battle-ready warriors, you need to arrange marriages between heroes. They will do the deed, have children with their physical traits, raise them into warriors with their personality traits, and, eventually, die as well and need to be replaced from their own bloodline. It's kind of neat, and keeps your hero-pool continually changing, instead of letting you just stick to the same five heroes forever like XCOM does, also giving a sense of dread as you realize your best troops are getting old, and you need to decide whether to keep them in the field or settle them down to make kids who are, hopefully, a quarter as amazing as they were before they drop from age.All-in-all, I'm enjoying it a lot. I recommend it to anyone else who enjoys games like XCOM or Jagged Allience: Management games with tactics-RPG combat interludes. If you're looking to get into the genre, I'd even say to start here and work your way to those others, MASSIVE CHALICE is a bit more forgiving than some."
,Recommended,246110,16744264,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,daestwen,"Okay, I am a huge squad-based tactics fan, and I've really enjoyed Double Fine's other games, so I knew I would be biased from the get-go, but: Man, has no other game got me hooked this fast in a while.The only reason I haven't played it every minute since I bought it is that my computer overheats. (Which is my computer's fault, not the game's.)Seriously, I love the time element in this game especially - and the fact that there are enemies who even use time in their attacks? Awesome."
76561198000692771,Recommended,246110,16841704,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Nord,"The art style works quite well.  The story, such as it is, is okay.  The variety of enemies makes each battle challenging and interesting.  The different classes, character traits, and dare I say genetic manipulation are neat mechanics but not overpowering the gameplay.However, the periods in between fights... Literally, nothing is happening that the player controls. And you have to do a lot of waiting for upgrades, births, buildings, research, and troops to come of age. There needs to be more to do in the rest periods.I found little reason to replay once I beat the game, but im not an achievement hunter so your mileage may vary.Still a well done game."
,Recommended,246110,16719470,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,JaQ,"At the moment of writing this review I have not completed my first playthrough but I think 8 hours is enough to evaluate my experience.It is good. Game is challenging in every aspect, as you have to make choices on things that will follow up throu entire game and there is rarely an obviously good option to take and it will impact things like what heroes you can deploy in battle, or what bonuses will you get for controlling (with a keep) a region.Although one must understand that the very mechanics this game is based on may be a bit frustrating for some as you don't care for heroes, you care for lineages. You have to tailor marriages that will give you valuable descendants and classes you will need later in game. There is no telling what will be the perfect composition of classes in next generation as in every battle you have different set of enemies that will require different tactics.Combat itself is propably strongest aspect of game as enemies are challenging and interesting and you have a really fun mixture of skills to use in battle.Question is what are this game's downsides?Well, game can get repetitive after a while. Strategic aspect of game lacks options and feels shallow after first few decades. Events that happen sometimes are a bit to rare and most of the time lacks impact. This game needs an expansion of that aspect. I guess more buildings, events or even lands would make it more interesting and less repetitive.Still I can recommend this game as it will give you few nice evenings and for its discounted price (~10 EUR right now) it's hardly a bad choice."
76561198062251222,Recommended,246110,16745359,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Flotsam,Please check out my video review for a fairly in depth look at the game!https://youtu.be/dyxNDnIV8X0
76561198006887885,Recommended,246110,16816172,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,420 Jesus,Descent game if you want to develop a family line in a strategy setting.
76561198041999720,Recommended,246110,17071081,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,rileySMASH,"Massive Chalice is a fun blend of X-Com style turn-based combat with some world building, dynasty managing elements. The combat is solid, there are clever ideas in terms of integrating mechanics with the story and game world, and plenty of humor. I highly recomend choosing the silly house names for your heroic bloodlines.May Fort Fred stand forever."
76561198123000686,Recommended,246110,16811983,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,greg,"""Everyone dies, frustrated and sad, and that is beautiful."" -TMBG"
,Recommended,246110,17028225,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,DS,"This game is good.But most people make a mistake - they compare it to X-COM and expect an X-COM-like game. That's totally wrong. This game focuses on pre-planning, planning in advance and preparation much more than X-COM game and while strategic mode in X-COM serves to support tactical one - by unlocking more guns, armors and stuff for destruction of aliens in tactical mode - in Massive Chalice tactical mode would be a test of your strategical decisions and ability to allocate your main resources - time and people.The main idea of the game is not turn-based battles - the main idea is managing of your heroes - which is both simple and complicated. Simple - because there are three positions to which you can assign your heroes. You can have them reigning (supposedly) in a castle, where they would produce more heroes (assuming that you've found a fitting partner for it), you can have them doing research in sage's guild, which would speed up many other things or you can have them training other heroes at crucible, which grants a steady supply of exp for all your heroess and allows them to also pick some good or bad traits from the teacher. All assigments are life-long and you can't undo them. All heroes, who are not assigned can participate in fighting off Cadence (though you can take only five of them into battle - you can choose those five out of all your unassigned heroes).And then comes the complicated part - the higher level of the hero - the more effective he would be at those assigments - he would be able to train his children, so they'd start with several levels already, he would be able to give all heroes more experience at crucible and... no, he won't be more effective sage, as wisdom comes with age and certain in-born traits. And, of course, high level hero would be able to fight off Cadence better. The other thing you should take into account are traits - they are divided into inborn ones and 'gained' ones. Inborn ones are simple - characters can be strong or weak, have inborn heart problems or be very bright and so on. Those traits can be inherited from parents and can't be changed, so you should look - who are marrying with whom. 'Gained' traits are a bit more complicated - as character can pick them after parents, after the crucible instructor and even after his teammates during the mission, so one drunkard can quickly turn the whole group into drunkards - those traits add a layer of complexity as well.And only after all that complex strategy layer comes tactical one, where your heroes are sent to fend off Cadence in an X-COM-like fashion - tactical mechanics are close to what you get in X-COM - every hero has two actions, attack ends his turn, so you can either move twice or move and attack or attack without moving. Instead of cover mechanics - there is positioning and visibility, since enemies that you can see may not see your characters, even without using all sorts of hiding abilities. Many abilities affect areas or lines or pierce through multiple enemies, so you'd need to do some positioning, before engaging them (and keep an eye on enemies trying to do the same) and eventually you'd get cool stuff, like bombs that create walls and so on.So, in general, I'd give this game 4.5/5 - but I warn you that this game may be not fitting for people, who love only tactical games or only strategical games, as it would require combination of both to win - without good strategical management of your heroes you'd get an army of low-level weak clumsy dimwitted characters, who'd miss an elephant at a point-blank range. Without tactical abilities - your army of super-soldiers won't be able to win battles, which would lead to an obvious defeat.Also, I've encountered some people, who don't like the graphical style, the style of weapons (a log as a main melee weapon and giant crossbow turned sideways as ranged one - that's too hillarious for them) or find the fact that there are only three main classes a bit lacking for their taste (though there are hybrid classes, which add some to gameplay - for example, caberjack (fighter with that log as a melee weapon) married to hunter would produce shadowjacks - still fighters with a log, but they sacrifice some of their combat abilities for ability to turn themselves invisible, like hunters do). So, if you are among those people - approach this game with some caution."
,Recommended,246110,16752961,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Darkzear,"A son of Final fantasy tactics and Xcom. Build , Breed and Fight ....Simple and fun. Strategy phase is to controling the region and tactics phase is hide and seek battle just like xcom."
,Recommended,246110,16781195,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gecko,Great concept - BUT game is WAY too easy. Expect less than 15 hours of play time to beat the game. The final level is a complete joke. It is impossible to lose at this game. I like the idea and the storyline and characters were nice. Just wish it was competitive.
,Recommended,246110,16772180,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Maddregal,"First off if you are not looking for a game that you are going to have to play  for a few hours at a time, dn't get this game howevr it is very intiguing and clever makes you want to just keep trying to figure it out"
,Recommended,246110,17083210,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Kulzar,"Ever wanted to play XCOM in a fantasy setting? Then you'll be happy to hear that this game does just that!While some of the battles might drag on because of the spawn randomness (like the original X-COM: UFO Defense), the game manages to keep the player captivated during the entire campaign.There isn't a lot of monster variety, but they each have interesting mechanics that make them serious threats until the very end. I consider myself a seasoned XCOM player, and yet Massive Chalice managed to keep challenging me.The music is superb, and the art design is cool.Overall, it's a quite a good game! I would say it deserves it's 20$ entry point for the replayability alone, and it is definitely worth experience when it becomes discounted!"
76561198052656730,Recommended,246110,24895020,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,RaeJennSenn,"A unique, well executed, enjoyable game. I wouldn't call it simple so much as concise. The combat strategy gets more complex as you progress. Once you've had time to level and explore all the class combos, you get a final battle that ends the game. I found that a much more satisfying conclusion than tapering off into the oblivion of infinite turns that plagues so many strategy games."
76561197994417329,Not Recommended,246110,24550677,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,fearmyninjas,"I thought the concept of this game sounded cool, but in execution it's not that fun. It's about as slow paced as Civ, but not nearly as enjoyable. The resource management element tries to generate tension the way XCOM did, but even when I cut my deployment crew down to 3 people, I didn't really worry about whether I'd be able to win the fight. It's not a bad game, it's just not that much fun so I can't recommend it."
76561198156529123,Recommended,246110,26669117,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Alpha&Omega,"I haven't stopped playing since I bought it. This game is a gem!I've never truly liked RPG, because sometimes they have so much evolutions and stuff that it gets too complicated, but this game has the right balance.You have to have a strategy by choosing who will reign your bloodlines but it never gets overcomplicated.The story is great, the game play is nice (not easy), the voices are awesome and the graphics are aceptable.As I said before, this game is a hidden gem that everybody should give a chance... You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,246110,25834529,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Novice,"My only complaint is that there are so many small tweaks that could make this game even better! More classes, more items, etc. I guess I just need to wait for MC2."
76561198051535116,Recommended,246110,32833877,Posted: 26 June,all,Jonny,Absolutely amazing and fun game
76561198005539813,Recommended,246110,33006021,Posted: 29 June,all,DrkPaladin,"I just binge played my first run of this game and I really enjoyed the whole experience.  I didn't go into it completely blind, so my first playthrough was successful, at least on normal difficulty. Totalling 13 hours.  I am eager to start up another game on a harder difficulty.  Once I do, I will update the review as I feel like this game is definately designed to be played multiple times.  I picked this up during the steam sale, but at a $10.00 price tag I would have gotten more than my money's worth.Overall, on the normal difficulty, I did not find the turn based tactics to be overall difficult.  Hoever, I think that is due to some the luck of genetics giving me 3 exploding crossbow-weilders that blew up the first third of the game.The difficulty unexpectedly came from one of my few deaths being the young heir of that same bloodline, while I was able to preserve the bloodline, it put the family out of commission for nearly 60 in-game years.  Which totally forced me out of the comfort zone I found myself in.The game is heavy on the random elements, and while you can try to breed the ultimate team of super-soldiers that means you'll be fighting with the asthmatic weaklings with heart conditions."
76561198051644681,Recommended,246110,23929893,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,~ Fabulous ~,"The ending maybe a meh( I don't like how they end it)...but I think the overall gameplay is fun, if you like  fantasy TBS game I think you will like this one and that is why i recommend this game."
76561198022336820,Recommended,246110,29346578,Posted: 18 January,all,eroeru,"Wonderful little game of the XCOM meets Banner Saga' and Rogue Legacy' ideas vein.Nothing of a large scale here, just a 700 meg game that nevertheless does everything right. The tactics' are there, the artwork is finest, the oft times fun narration and (end theme) story are awesome, moving, and in a sense allegorical. Little random events here and there add flavour and variability. There's also an overarching feel of progression, plus challenge. Chalice is a grower though, its ""indieness"" can be off-putting at first.It has also been said for cons that characters in the game die so often (of age) that you can't remember them nor form any connection. That's somewhat true, yet I think it holds separate value that only a flag and its legacy will stay visible, this theme also supports the end-story. Could have done with some more city building and strategy, maybe more story elements. You know, more content.Yet for this size and this price, there's plenty of fun and wonder here. It plays perfectly well, not like XCOM 2 (which is unplayable on many systems and terribly optimized, for little to no merit). This one actually looks artistic. Has more 'soul'.Massive Chalice is a well done game that I'm more than happy I've played."
,Not Recommended,246110,19893055,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,kru,"Keeping track of hero lifespans is impossible.  What I learned from Massive Chalice's failure is that every mechanic should be simple to intuit, or have a very servicable interface to help the player predict the outcome of his choices."
76561198064757612,Recommended,246110,34496305,Posted: 25 August,all,stuntin,"Before I got this game I was really turned off by some of the reviews and never felt comfortable purchasing it at it's full price. A huge sale made me gamble on it and I have to say knowing the game experience I would have been fine with this game at full price. This is a satisfying game with some great ideas, not all of which are necessarily followed through to conclusion but which make for a fun game regardless. Once you get used to navigating marriages based on traits and your desired classes you are free to devote much of your actual thinking into the combat, which is good but is probably a few steps from great. I would have liked to seen a little more complexity in this area. Some real terrain advantages/disadvantages like height or hazards (there are a few hazards/interactables but, again, it is just not followed through with all the way) and more variations between classes could help make combat more exciting.The core of Massive Chalice is a realm management system which (Sages/Keeps/Crucibles) allows for some depth and until you really grasp the flow of the game they can be challenging, but once your kingdom is up and running you can manage these systems rather easily and I think a lack of complexity in the Realm Management is the game's major downfall. I feel like there are a lot of events with random and occasionally extremely harsh outcomes that were thrown into this game as a way to make up for the fact that the realm management is rather shallow. I chose to build a particular kind of building (from an event list) and was punished by having one of my territories destroyed, which didn't feel like a deserved loss. With a few more options at research and a few more challenges from the enemy I don't think you would need these random terrible consequences. A more complete realm management system, events system, and maybe ways to upgrade/specialize the 3 main types of building would really help to complement the lineage system. As it is the bulk of the game just revolves around managing the trainees of your keeps.Still, the game is fun. It has a lot of heart and clearly a lot of effort was put into it. It has great ideas, they are just incomplete. I think this is just as much game as they could afford to make. For it's price it is quite worth it."
76561198061975568,Recommended,246110,16671231,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,My Kids Love Anal,Whoever thought making right click instantly do the action you are thinking about instead of backing out one menue should be fired. Many hero have died because of this awful mechanic.
76561198041442889,Recommended,246110,17731798,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,culinarykid92,"Ok. So I picked this game up in a sale and found myself liking it much more than I thought, keeping in mind I have only spent a little over an hour playing so far. The gameplay is quite good, being partially a turn-based tactical RPG. It is very much XCOM-like, minus Overwatch and an always changing experience. I thought I would hate not having Overwatch as a standard in this genre, but it works out very well. It makes you play a more offensive game while stratigically avoiding taking damage. I will say that the Caberjack (melee) seems underpowered when it comes to fighting because many enemies I've encountered so far damaging close by characters when killed. I personally find having Hunters (ranged bow) with a couple Alchemists (grenade throwers) is best.Where XCOM has its base to upgrade, Massive Chalice offers a world to build as your personal stategic will decide how to best handle the ever growing balancing act of whether to give up your best fighters to give you better warriors through their children, benefitting all children yearly, or helping research; or to keep them to best deal with the invading threat. Massive Chalice gives the player only one research or building option at a time which will make you have to decide what you value most as each will take some time to finish.The music is fitting, but I don't find it to be one of the top soundtracks (Bastion, Transistor, etc.) What sold me on this game is the comedic voice acting of the Massive Chalice as it really hooked me in. I hope to update this review as I dig deeper into the game and learn more."
,Recommended,246110,16681274,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Isnoth,"It's a fun game requiring planning so you don't end up in a bind if you lose a territory or when your Hero's die. Has combat similar to X-com. The passing of traits is a neat idea as time marches on ingame to see them passed (good or bad) to their children.Cons: The time between combats could use more random events or perhaps more frequent combat. More research options or ways, outside of class leveling, to allow Hero's hold more items to give a bit more variety and a need to research Items.Bottome line, if you're intested in the game, get it on sale."
76561198173074954,Not Recommended,246110,29547596,Posted: 28 January,all,Machilus,Pros:+BloodlinesCons:-Poor AI-Repeated gameplay-Complex settings-Unhumanized UI designI admit I had some good expectations when I saw the snapshots and the trailers.
,Recommended,246110,17881946,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Odd Mutant,"I played it for nine hours on hard and it was really fun until I ♥♥♥♥ed up the breeding metagame and had nothing but melee.Plays somewhat like X-Com but on hard it's notably different in that the combat has a big emphasis on party positioning and enemy displacement. It's different enough that as someone who likes modern X-Com I liked this game as well, and it didn't make me feel like I should just replay X-Com. The breeding metagame initially feels unimportant but becomes crucial to pay attention to later on, and there's enough to it that you could obsess over.That said, there are things holding it back from being super-awesome: The enemy visual design looks bad, like someone was told to draw something evil so they drew a bunch of pickles and covered them with spikes. The environments are rather bland aside from a couple of instances. The writing tries to have that typical Double Fine wit and ends up making the game, one about an apocalyptic event that is swallowing the landscape, feel tone deaf. And over all nothing is as deep as it could be.So it's pretty good, just not great. I hope that it'll get an expansion pack."
76561198039957259,Not Recommended,246110,34029254,Posted: 4 August,all,Socinus,"I ran into this game shortly after release having heard nothing about it but being intrigued by the premise.I want to enjoy the game. It has a lot going for it...but there are just too many cracks to give it a strong positive recommendation.Time is supposed to be your enemy in the game; your heroes age and die, the Cadence creep closer and closer with each year, research takes decades, etc. The problem is, at least with your heroes, time moves far too quickly. Often heroes are in their 50's or 60's before ever taking the battlefield and while you can sometimes find yourself with a plethora of heroes, distributing them to various positions throughout your kingdom leaves you one good TPK away from having either no heroes or being stuck with a pack of newbies who die off at an impressive rate.By the time heroes are strong enough that you don't have to worry about them dropping dead every battle, they die of old age and are useless.The mechanic isn't necessarily bad but after a while all the heroes and houses just blur together because they're being born and dying so quickly. Any sense of individuality or attachment that you get to characters in these kinds of games is blown away because your roster changes so frequently.Most other mechanics in the game have been done by other games and frankly done better.This was a great attempt and it really has the seed of something wonderful in it but overall it just falls short. Too short for me to recommend it."
,Recommended,246110,16137866,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Rataphract,"It's been described as strategy-lite, but it's actually quite solid. The core presentation is simplified, but the bones underneath that - a surprising variety of skills, the ability to 'crossbreed' your heroes into odd hybrid classes, and enemies with markedly different attacks (one AGES your heroes!) adds up for a surprisingly complex situation under the hood.The gameplay is a little samey for a very long, involved session, but I've had fun dipping in for twenty minutes or so here, twenty minutes there, and the game does let you save at just about any point - even when you're being asked to select a mission or make another crucial choice."
,Recommended,246110,16693544,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Inigo_Montoya,"Best single player game i've played in years.  You gotta like city managing, turn based combat and rogue like elements.  You're an overlord of a nation for 300 years - managing heroes.  Heroes can fight, get married, have kids and eventually die.  Their kids become your next generation of heroes.  Incredible amount of small details."
,Recommended,246110,16701755,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,[BritYank] Tom,"Great game. It's easy to play, easy to drop in and out of. Nice soundtrack as well. Lovely visuals and style, and while it's not as tactical and merciless as Xcom, I still love it all the same."
,Recommended,246110,16699724,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,TobiasQueenMary,"accidentally started a clan of nearsighted hunters, and a second clan of marathon running clumsy alchemists....yeah, play this game to find out how awesome those combos are"
,Recommended,246110,15848897,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Eudae,"DISCLAIMER: early access review (v0.9)*SPOILERS*This game was very fun for the first few hours. It took me three attempts and 22 hours (total) to complete the game on Normal+IRON MAN difficulty.There is very little mob variation and they all have some sort of gimmick to fight through.Seeds: Standard melee mobRuptures: Standard exploding mob. Leaves ooze on the ground that deals damage over time.Lapses: Gimmicky single target ranged mob. Steals experience (more annoying than anything else when your level 10 character keeps dropping to level 9)Bulwarks: Tanky piercing ranged mob. Can only be damaged heavily once per turn.Twitches: Tanky, high damage, melee mob. Knocks back heroes and can swap places with them.Cradles: Ranged mortar / seed spawning mob. Deals high damage and can spawn seeds. Spawns 3 seeds upon death, as well.Wrinkles: Melee medium damage mob. Ages your hero and can instakill older heroes.Learning all of the mechanics and trying to get strong blood lines going for my kingdom was the best part of the game. After a few battles, I quickly grew tired of the combat and just wanted to keep running my nation. Sometimes random ""events"" occur and let you choose a few options. These random events generally result in a negative outcome, most often resulting in you having to throw away a hero or getting negative traits.At first I had started to level up an enforcer army and a few caberjacks, as I really like the idea of a ranged army. However, the caberjack class quickly outshined the other classes because of their immense amounts of crowd control (my end game team comp consisted of 4 caberjacks and 1 shadowjack).Late game combat is REALLY bad. I had 2 caberjacks with the taunt ability, and 2 level 10 caberjacks with relic weapons and kill rage which let me easily kill entire groups of mobs in one turn. Anything not finished off by the level 10's would run stupidly towards my taunters positioned far, far away.I recommend this game. It's fun for $30 but I don't think I'll be playing it again unless:1) More class depth is added2) Researching anything other than weapons/armor/items has a meaningful impact (seriously, by the time you get all of the nation buffs the game is already almost over). In addition to this, it seems impossible to keep ALL of your territory which makes building more than 1 crucible, 1 sagewrights, and 2-4 keeps meaningless.)3) An endless mode is added."
76561197975626735,Not Recommended,246110,13044193,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,bpharris9014,"It's really made for power gamers. There are a ton of variables you need to master in order to win, and the game is stacked firmly against you in every way in regards to the amount of enemies, their powers, your limitations, etc... Also, there's too much random stuff happening (heroes dying, especially) for you to get a real grasp on what's going on.If you're spending 40 hours per week gaming and don't mind running a spreadsheet to keep track of what's going on (what regent has what powers, family trees, and so on), then you can probably, eventually, get somewhere with this game. For me, I'm a few days in and I'm done with it. Here's what I think it needs to make it better:a. Variable difficulty settings. Seriously. Spending five hours trying to manipulate bloodlines before getting decimated by an onslaught isn't fun.b. More items to research to improve your heroes. You shouldn't have to kill three missions worth of something to then research better weapons. Or anything else to level the field. The monsters with level drain and nearly perfect ranged accuracy who show up from level one need to be fought with something better than a puny hunter with 28% accuracy.c. Less stuff to keep track of. Is there a reason that I'm made aware of babies, trainees, and heroes? I can't tell if this is necessary to know or not in any practical sense. I either have enough heroes when I'm attacked or I don't. Do I need to know how many heroes I'll have in 15 more years? Why am I shown infertile partner choices when a keep needs a regent? Why is it sometimes a fertile partner and a fertile regent can't have children?d. More ways to keep your heroes alive longer. Is there some sort of immortality mechanism later? I don't know because I've never made it that far, nor do I intend to.In all, unless your idea of a good time is studying a game for hours, taking a lot of notes, and doing a little bit of finite math in the bargain, then buying this game probably isn't a good idea. I certainly wouldn't have bought it had I known it was like so."
76561198024478413,Recommended,246110,13057354,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,FWG,"This game takes A LOT of ""inspiration"" from Firaxis XCOM but that is not necessarily a bad thing. The level of strategic choices seems a bit shallow and the battles are a lot less fun than in XCOM but the hero breeding system and the long term kingdom management aspects are interesting enough to keep me going. Details:http://youtu.be/UktMogf3aj8"
,Recommended,246110,12976864,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Rannepear,"MASSIVE CHALICE adds a depth and enviroment to the turned-based strategy game like nothing I've ever played before. There is deep strategy in nearly every choice you make - from setting up bloodlines (your heroes matter, not only to your campaign but to YOU, too) to the battles you choose to fight. Every fiber of this game is seamlessly woven together to create a deep and engaging title that stands out among the rest. I highly recommend this product if you're a fan of the genre. You will not be dissapointed.Also, considering this is ONLY an Alpha at this stage, expect a lot more improvements and content."
,Recommended,246110,16581306,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lime11,"Some excelent ideas in here. Wonderful design in the art and music. The bloodline stuff is unique and interesting and the combat itself can be very satisfying. The two voice actors for the Chalice are marvelous at bringing the game to life and are the main reason I'm recommeding this game.For all this game's strong points though, it just hasn't got enough to it to be a truly great game. You'll strat to hear the same lines of dialouge not even 4 hours into a playthrough and the combat is more of a nusicance than anything else towards the end of your run through. If this game spent a couple more months in developement and really took the time to add some variety to the loctions, events and hero ablities this game would have been miles ahead of where it currently is.Mabye there'll be a future update that adds a bunch of new stuff some day. If such a day comes, this game would definitely be worth full price. Since that day isn't today though, I recommend waiting until it's on sale."
76561198098132079,Recommended,246110,16589404,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,N7_JT,"It's like X-COM meets Game of Thrones.  Great game, difficulty feels right and it has a ton of different paths to follow."
76561198056664029,Recommended,246110,16204950,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Gaetan_Borrette,"A very cool tactical RPG, with a unique flavour, great writing and awesome capacity for spontaneous memorable moments. Thoroughly enjoying it."
76561198106975533,Recommended,246110,16211548,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,1K Kuroky,"amazing strategy, unique style, and Double Fine's signature aesthetic make this a must play."
76561198002146979,Recommended,246110,16214676,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,panzersnapdragon,I've always loved the spirit and writing of Double Fine's games but most of the time they're not the genre that I want to play. This comes the closest to my ideal game out of everything I've played so far this year.
76561198025034395,Recommended,246110,16216206,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Token,"The short version is that this game is completely enjoyable and well worth every penny. It has tons of replayability and provides an amazing value for its cost.The long version is that I wish this game was more. There is so much potential here and the basic idea of the game is incredibly engaging. You play as a immortal ruler and manage bloodlines that are born and quickly fade, new heroes growing and dying over and over again. Managing keeps and making decisions based on traits is central to the experience and it is by far the best part of the game. The combat is repetitive, but fun, with a slow ramping up of difficulty that makes it feel worth continuing.The problem with this game is that so much of the potential is wasted. One of the central mechanics is random events, where something occurs and you get to make a decision with will generate a postive or negative outcome. What almost always happens is something completely random, regardless of what kind of decision you try to make. It feels punishing and without any strategic merit. Instead of making decisions you are pressing a random number generator and likely facing a random punishment that may or may not have any kind of logical connection to the event itself. The events could easily have added an entire layer of strategy, but instead they are pointless and eventually you end up save scumming constantly and just pretending they don't exist. I hate them so much.Another issue is you very rarely get to make decisions about anything other than breeding. It is such a missed opportunity to allow players to make decisions about the vast roster of heroes at your disposal. Instead of sending parties of heroes off to achieve objectives, you instead have random events and a vast roster of B list heroes that do nothing but slowly die off.This game is worth buying, despite any flaws, and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys tactical squad based combat games. But I will always be disappointed that the great game mechanics that exist were not used to make a much better game."
,Recommended,246110,16217620,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,GnarGnarHead,"great fun tonns of laughs, would definatly reccomend to anyone, its tough but fair"
,Recommended,246110,16250727,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Antvg,The rare gem you should definitly try if you enjoy tactical games and playing god of your little world.
76561198073092169,Recommended,246110,16254207,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Wungle,"Battle Tips:+ Melee units (Caber) can knock back and damage to avoid corrosion+ AOE units (Alchemists) can do 2 shots/turn at level 2+ Range units (Hunters) can stealth for free, unlimitedUnique to Game:In this game you are leveling the “Keep” or Bloodline, not the heroes.  In general, for any game, the player’s heroes need to gain stats at the same rate the monsters do.  If the player’s stats lag, the game is too hard, if the player’s stats leap ahead of the monsters, the game is too easy.  This game works on the same balancing concept except that instead of leveling the heroes, you are leveling the Keep.  Heroes get married and produce children in the Keep that inherit some of the stats from the Keep.There are about 30 battles in a game, approximately 1 every 10 years.  The average hero can fight from age 16 till his death around age 65 – at most 6 battles.  Then he (and his personal stats) are lost forever and a new hero takes his place.The game is about using the hero’s temporary life span to contribute to the improved stats of the Keep/Bloodline fast enough to keep up with the monster’s increase in their stats.  If you can do this really well, you should set the game to Brutal, which makes the monster’s stats better quicker and your stats go up slower.  If you are having trouble keeping up with the monsters, you reduce the difficulty to Hard or Normal.Improving Keep Stats:This is the fun of the game, I've been playing about 3 days and my longest game is 106 years, so I'm still just getting going, but here's what I've learned early on:+ If a hero fights in a lot of battles during his life (4+), he has a chance to produce a relic.  This relic in the form of a weapon etc. is passed on from one hero to one other hero and itself levels.+ Heroes that marry have traits and personalities that can pass on to the kids.  At the beginning of the game most of your heroes have really bad traits, but by carefully selecting the heroes to marry, you slowly select for only the good traits, and the bad traits fall away.+ When you build a crucible(s) you can make your highest level heroes a Standard, and then all the heroes that are born (ages 0-15) get a yearly experience boost based on the Standard’s level.  That way your new heroes start at a higher level.+ And of course, Research can boost stats+ Use your heroes with the best stats for marriage. Almost any hero can win the first few battles, so it's better to invest heroes with good traits in a marriage.Graphics are good.  Camera controls are good.  Game seems crash proof.  The AI is not the best.  This is not the best turn-based battle game. The fun in this game is learning how to increase your stats even though your heroes keep dying off."
76561198083170238,Recommended,246110,16289086,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Phaserlight,"Chalice is a great game.  The difficulty ramps up in expected places, pushing your tactics and strategy further; the long view is at times awe-inspiring in its ability to generate thoughts about mortality, descendency, and rulership.  The aesthetic of this game is wonderful; just what you would expect from a Double Fine game.  This is their best work since Psychonauts.There is more sex in this game than the Witcher. 10/10"
,Recommended,246110,16348361,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,fisticles,"What can I say about Massive Chalice other than to get it? It's good.I remember wishing while I played X-COM: Enemy Unknown that there would be some fantasy equivilent at some point. Massive Chalice does a great job being that and setting itself apart at the same time. While X-COM does offer more tactical and strategic options throughout its gameplay, MC offers a more overall compelling gaming experience.The ability to build dynasties and manage them throughout the course of generations is unique, and something that is quite enjoyable. Breeding in good traits into your various lineages and breeding out bad adds a strategic element I've not encounted in any other game previously. The occasional story elements that pop up while you are advancing the timeline that cause you to make a decision about the management of your kingdom and dynasties is akin to the decisions in The Banner Saga, though definitely less morally heavy.The strategic combats are also quite interesting, made more so by unique enemies and the ability to research (over the course of years) new items, weapons, and armor to use on the battlefield. One con is that you do get used to seeing the same handful of foes used over and over again, though this doesn't get tiresome. They remain challenging throughout gameplay.Something I've noticed is that it may take a game or two to make it through to the endgame of Massive Chalice. If you find yourself starting over, don't despair, this is natural, and from those I've spoken with, it happens. You're not the only one. It does allow you to hone your strategies for the next playthrough and learn the system just a bit better.One last con for the game over all harkens to my initial comparison to X-COM. There is no real customization of the houses that you see throughout the course of the game as they are all predetermined by Kickstarter backers. While it is true that your heroes are very expendable, a feature that allowed you to at least make your own houses and mottos would have been a nice tip of the hat. This is just an aesthetic grievance, and nothign that distracts from how wonderful the game truly is.TL;DR: Massive Chalice is wonderful. Go buy it. I've bought it twice.9.5/10"
76561198072074687,Recommended,246110,16370082,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,41 | Syntax,"If you enjoyed XCOM, chances are you'll enjoy this game. The combat mechanics are much simpler and there is less stratagy involved overall, but the fantasy setting and bloodline mechanics kept me interested enough to play through two full runs. For me the highlight was finding out that I can mix classes to produce soilders with skills from both parents. I'd really like to see an update in the future with more items and classes to work with, but as is the game is good casual fun for a short while."
76561198046670682,Recommended,246110,33093871,Posted: 1 July,all,bobagadush,This game is fun. I played straight through all three hundred years on the normal difficulty in my first sitting. It took 20 hours. Definitely worth my $2. Looking forward to seeing how it stands up on a higher difficulty setting.
76561198057576722,Recommended,246110,27064334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,krauchinsky,"XCOM with eugenics. Breed your own soldiers, watch little babies become heroes, and die of old age.Nice and diverse combat mechanics.Also probably my favorite losing cinematic, it was so fitting that I just gone with 'yeah I lost' and didn't try last combat again."
76561198007695538,Recommended,246110,25063670,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tyrus The Red,"This game is amazing. the game is similar to Xcom but with a human bloodlines (breeding people) aspect to the game. The voice acting is very witty and funny and the music adds great atmosphere. Im surprised by the low reviews, i loved this game. I can sink hours into this game. Highly recommend it, bought it on sale and would pay full price for this game. 10/10 BUY IT!"
76561198095784772,Recommended,246110,30515649,Posted: 14 March,all,petri.piira,"Nice, clean tactical combat missions, about the same complexity as the the original XCOM from the last millenium. Heroes need to be cross-breeded and given experience and items to unlock different functions / classes.Also, an eugenics simulator, where you try to breed out bad qualities and get your hero bloodlines to become good over the three hundred years. From asthmatic puny drunkards (or something bad like that) which you are cursed at the start to quick, smart, strong and effective."
76561198004254534,Recommended,246110,32950723,Posted: 28 June,all,Kalindra,I've bought massive chalice in the summer sales and finished it just now. I must say that game was beautiful.Sure there were some ups and downs for example the game difficulty scales really high. Hard monsters with bulk numbers but the game has pretty good Xcom like mechanics and is worth it10/10
76561198087443432,Recommended,246110,29406491,Posted: 21 January,all,Rippiardo,"If you're a fan of XCOM's mechanics and you like spending countless hours on upgrading and equipping your troops, you will surely love this game.It may overwhelm you with content when you fire it up the firs time, but that's okay. Don't expect to fully understand how this game works in the first 2 hours (minimal). This game has the potential to keep you interested for countless hours, but it rarely gets updated, so once you get a hang of things it really starts to become boring. But, it takes a long time and many campaign re-starts to get a grasp of it. It really has countless different outcomes, all depending on your playstyle and your decisions. As you may have guessed, the game has those random events that require your decision whether to take the risk or not. Combat is, as I mentioned above, XCOM-like. Which means that it's simple turn-based dungeon chess board. But as you progress in the game, make sure to keep up with the research, it really makes it easier to complete those mid-late game battles.All in all, it's a great game for it's price, and it surely will make you spend hours and hours trying to complete the campaign. I would rate it 7/10 since I am a huge XCOM fan."
,Not Recommended,246110,25595359,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sidi,"I started of enjoying this game but over time my enthusiasm waned, I've never played XCOM so I'm pretty new to this type of game and I can safely say that overall I didn't enjoy it. The main issue I kept coming back to was just the frustrating randomness of the game, missing two or three 90% chances to hit in a row is just purely frustrating to me. Loading a saved game and executing the exact same strategy only with better rolls is not my idea of fun. I tried to finish the game but in all honesty I was forcing myself to play it from about 60% of the way through, I got to the final fight and just gave up.The art style isn't to my tastes but I could live with it, the map screen is boring after a while as nothing really changes, the voice over’s are repetitive and feel out of place most of the time. I wish you could defend more than 1 region at a time if you had the force to do so, it feels unrewarding especially if you’ve spent effort to try to grow a large enough selection of heroes.Another point on the randomness front, the dialog choice sections that the game pops up from time to time feel shallow and unrewarding, they were often boiling down to ""click this button for something terrible to happen that you couldn't have foreseen"" some of them did play out over a longer time and those ones were OK, however a number were again just random rolls of the dice for something bad to happen and for me, this just isn't enjoyable."
76561198052379771,Recommended,246110,20818913,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,wtflock,"Very good game, sort of a fantasy XCom with the added element of the complication of managing the bloodlines. In fact, a lot of the abilities in this seem to, oddly enough, have been added into the upcoming XCom 2 . Anyway, I grew oddly attached to my bloodlines and their imperfections and relics, and when some of my originals died off I was very sad. Well worth the $4 I paid for it on sale, and I do imagine I'll get replay out of it because it's less time intensive than other similar games.Could be improved on (does get redundant, wish there was a little more variety for example a regent getting sick so you'd have a limited amount of time to select a successor and maybe that could go wrong and the successor would abdicate or something, and the enemies seemed to ramp up really quickly once they did finally get harder)."
76561198114064004,Recommended,246110,21012065,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,LazEBones,"I have only two major complaints about this game.1.Apparently I'm the worst at making decisions ever, I am so sorry guy who got aged into dust.2. one of my alchamists with acid solution managed to hit the chalice with a bomb at the final mission and now I have to start the game over, because if a game has iron mode I have to have it on or I feel like a loser.Other than that, I enjoy the mechanics and ideas. Just... these decision results make me feel like the worst leader ever."
76561198013559891,Not Recommended,246110,19739658,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,RevenantRobot,"If you can get it cheap, sure. Theres not much content and it gets old fast."
,Not Recommended,246110,19839542,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,hamptonspooner,Can't recommend this for more than $5. Nothing really stands out about it. Other turn-based strategy games are more fun.
76561198032575353,Not Recommended,246110,20046718,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DagonDogs,"TL;DRMassive Chalice is an interesting and rather fun game with some fundamental flaws. While not necessarily innovative in its design, there is some genuine creativity on display. And even though it can be incredibly frustrating with how little conveyance the game is willing to provide, once I've learned all the harsh lessons, I may warm up to it a bit.For the full review, go here:http://dagondogs.com/2015/09/05/massive-chalice-initial-impressions/"
76561198074920725,Not Recommended,246110,20268559,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Antoine,"It's a simplistic mix of X-Com and Crusader Kings 2, both games are individually more fun than this one. It would be funnier as a boardgame or something like that."
76561197991148495,Not Recommended,246110,20745705,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,bongo_clive,"Do not spend more than a few £ on this game, as really that's all the enjoyment you will get out of it.The succesion, inheritance, bloodline and aging mechanics are really interesting, but honestly, after a few years, I had no idea who anyone was, how they were related, and how they were on the throne. Coupled with pretty dull combat, it makes it a hard game to reccomend.Beautifully presented, with some cracking voice acting, sadly the game is too shallow and light weight to really grab the attention."
,Not Recommended,246110,20870315,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,[MW]Neo,"an average game, with some great ideas. If u can play xcom, u can play this gamegraphic is quite hard to follow, especially the last battle, when u can not tell which one is alive and which one is deadlow variety of oppoment, there are only 5, 6 basic creatures and their advance level, which makes late game quite borring.if u love tactical game and you dont have anything else to play, i would recommend this game, otherwise, not"
76561198007419240,Not Recommended,246110,20877740,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Arcadius,"This game has great potential and would be worth the money but for one very important reason. Absolutely no support. The game has been abandoned it was abandoned less than a month after release. No additional content, no polishing to come. It is such a shame that such a great idea will not be improved. I believe if the devs followed the Paradox interactive style of polishing for years and providing additional content they would build up a loyal fan base just like PI has done. I cannot reccomend a game abandoned so soon after release. It really pains me to write this review as I, again, really really liked the idea."
,Not Recommended,246110,19984305,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Zaragoza09,Did not feel compelled to finish my first campaign.
,Not Recommended,246110,20447378,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,RedEris,"The main promise of the game - the epic timeline and heroe eugenics falls short, because of the oversimplified management. The interface does not give you enough power to manage all your bloodlines efficiently and there is not enough atomation possible (like queueing next sagewrights).On the other hand, the combat is boring - very few tactical possibilities, not many enemies and repetetive environment forces you to repeat the same tactic all the time.This game is not bad, but I had to force myself to get trough a few times."
,Not Recommended,246110,20727103,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Panty Captain,"I can't recommend this game even with all my love to Double Fine! Even stylish graphics and good ideas don't make me to call it ""masterpiece"" as I can say it about another DF products. It's not addictive even with pleasant atmosphere. Maybe too pleasant and boring for the world under impending threat. Sorry, Tim Schafer, I can't support you this time :("
,Not Recommended,246110,20725513,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Abscissa,"Almost finished the game, did about 200 of the 300 years. (The game spans over 300 years with random events you have to do). The game seemed too mechanic and cold to me. In the beginning it is fun, however you quickly lose the characters which you play with. In the end you don't feel any attachment to your squad and it's just a chore to get through. In the end I decided to quit the game and stop because it just got too boring for me."
,Recommended,246110,25505071,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,"Disc ""LVP"" Rider","Overall, this game is a very solid turn-based tactical game.In this game, you have your standard 2 Action point economy, which can be used as two movements ending in an attack, or one movement ending in an attack.What's worth noting is that in this medieval setting, most enemies are melee based, so cover doesn't play as important a role as in say XCOM.And the melee characters are pretty strong in their own right, both with a larger hit pool and big stopping power, but also with the ability to get some breathing room by stunning their melee opponents.Anyway, aside from this very strong strategy, the main hook of the game is that the units you bring into battle are often the descendants of the units you took into battle last time.This is all a cool idea, but turns into tedium very quickly.The way this works is there might be say 20 years between each battle.In that time, your units are born and your units die.Your royal families determine the base class of the units that are born (Archer, Grenadier or Melee class effectively), and the family head passes on modifiers to his or her kids.That family head will also have a partner who modifies the children of that base class.For instance, if the family is of the Archer class, and you marry in a Melee partner, then the house will produce Archers that are better at close range fighting.This is all fine, up until we get to the death bit.You might be managing 3-4 royal families. This equates to 3 or 4 pairs of units producing babies.In those 20 years between battle that you are trying to fast forward through, about half of those will die.This stops the progress to the next battle until you figure out which unit to 'promote' or sacrifice to fill in the vacancy left by the dead family head.The same process occurs with research. You have to select a current unit to sacrifice to fill in a vacancy in the research building. There are 3 vacancies per building.And with training. You have to select a current unit to sacrifice to train all the kids. 1 per building here though.Not to mention, you have to ensure to maintain a 50:50 split in your heroes genders so that you can keep filling the family lines with baby making factories.These choices are both involved and tedious.You can't just promote anyone, or you wind up with three families that only produce sons.Or you wind up with an entire generation of slower moving, low vision, weak units.But they're not interesting either.Once you've decided that you always want your archer family married to a grenadier, so that a particular unit is produced you don't really want to care about the above complications as well, as it won't affect your strategy in combat. But you must.There are also random events between battles that are some hot garbage.I would recommend going into these with a walkthrough open, as without knowing the risk/reward tradeoff for   each option here, you will wind up losing land and buildings.Not to mention the outcomes from each random event's choice is randomised as well, often making it an equal gamble between a positive or negative effect of the same magnitude.So in the end, you wind up with some glorious battles which occur like every 20 years, but those 20 years have to be traversed with some 15-20 minutes of gameplay time of just uninteresting busywork.Would recommend because the battles are great.Be prepared for a long haul though.My single no-reloading normal game was completed in 28 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,246110,20739440,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Liandri,"Med-fan.X-Com like.4€ to wait until X-Com 2, good shot."
76561198052876751,Not Recommended,246110,24029825,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Xmas,Get's repetetive quickly.
76561198055990164,Recommended,246110,16711440,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Tzyder,Smart fun game that mixed tactical combat with family genetic management. Xcom meets Crusader king... however this game didnt have the budget of either of those AAA titles so its a bit of an unfair comparison. I enjoy it and I think the hate is really misplaced and unreasonable given Doublefine isnt anywhere near the powerfouse publisher 2k or Paradox are.
,Recommended,246110,16932326,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Coldface,Like XCOM + Lebensborn10/10
,Recommended,246110,16777605,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Eddie Rapecase,"MASSIVE CHALICE suffers from Sporetosis. So many unique elements of gameplay are crammed in that no single aspect of the game really stands out. It's as though Double Fine Productions got together at an IHOP late one night, and after a few dozen mugs of bottomless coffee, started coming up with all these fantastic ideas for a turn-based tactical game. With nothing but a green sharpie and the back of a napkin, they jotted down as much as they could before the caffeine-induced coma.-Xcom combat system-Game of Thronesy overview map-Massive time scale-Eugenics-Omniscient ruler-Witty advisory banter-Inheritance based class system-Random event scenarios-Heirlooms passed through generationsTo be fair, all of that stuff is actually in the game. There was probably a deadline, and not wanting to upset anyone, DFP made sure to get each and every idea in the game, even if just barely. So you really are an immortal, omniscient ruler who, over several hundred years, really does lead dozens of generations of soldiers to battle in a Game-of-Thrones-esque hellscape complete with knee-slapping back n' forth from your two trusty advisors.There’s just not a whole lot of depth here to explore.But yes, you can totally make an inbred army of mentally handicapped, myopic drunks. And I did. And it was kinda fun.Can't wait for MC2."
,Recommended,246110,16714968,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ferox,gg
76561198038264461,Recommended,246110,17879423,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,eldadmaster,"This game... It's really good, but it has one ""bad"" part, that unfortunately is an importent part of the game.Start with the bad? Easy, the combat. It's not terrible, just uninspired. It's been already done much better by other game. Every time there's a battle, I go ""oh man, what a waste of time"".The good part is building bloodlines and overseeing them through the ages. It's like a much simpler ""crusader kings"".The game would've benefitted greatly if there was an option for ""auto-battle"", and there've been more focus on the kingdom management."
76561198055567827,Recommended,246110,17900703,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tohabath,"My only two complaints about Massive Chalice:-The ChildrenThis may seem like a minor issue, but if you’re going to use a style as minimalistic as Massive Chalice’s, you need to make sure the game looks good where it counts- in this case, with the characters. The designs of the children in this game look more like something out of Rule of Rose, and don’t compliment the art style.-The DifficultyOn paper, the way this game handles difficulty doesn’t look bad- introduce beefed-up versions of enemies already presented after the halfway mark of the game. The problem is that this concept doesn’t compliment the experience- ideally, new enemies based around the strength/weakness aspects of those attuned to the chalice are what would show up instead, creating a kind of puzzle element to compliment one of the main selling points of the game- having to deal with good and bad genetic traits. The main difficulty for the player would be trying to deal with these new specialized enemies on top of the broader ones already introduced. The game would be taking what players have been trained on and forcing them to face the consequences of choices that they made all the way back to the start of the game. As it stands, the enemies are just there to make life harder for the player and are far more frustrating than challenging.It’s these problems that hold this game back from being worth the price it’s asking for."
,Recommended,246110,20483587,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Dubara,İyi.
,Recommended,246110,17979902,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Poitter,"A good buy for anyone who is a fan of turn based strategy, like a light hearted fantasy version of x-com the breeding heros section is both interesting and challenging, if a little frustrating. the only fault i can find is the prevalence of negative attributes in characters even when playing on the easiest difficulties. (I once started with an entire hero base of alcoholics [revellers]"
76561198042309242,Recommended,246110,20355207,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,mischa.zehnbauer,"As probably every reviewer will agree this game mixes strategic decisions like recruiting, research and so on with (somewhat) tactical tb-combat. Both parts feel a lot like the X-Com remake, which is why a lot of people compare it to this title. While it may be unfair to judge Massive Chalice in comparison to a multi million dollar project, the simillarities are so striking that it can't be avoided. Heck, the combat part looks more or less identical. The problem is that Massive Chalice looses battle against X-Com in all it's core elements.There is considerably less to research, the combat is simplified to the extreme and the AI (haven't tried the highest difficulty yet) is basic at best. True, X-Com's AI isn't exactly the strongest part of the game, but in Massive Chalice enemies seem to wander around in groups in a predesignated area until they see you/you attack them. Then they start charging at you, sometimes alone, sometimes drawing their group with them.Without a system of cover and very few support skills combat starts to get repetitive after the first few hours. At that point you have met every kind of enemy, later enemies are only beefed up versions with more HP and damage.  That is really sad as the existing enemies have some interesting features like letting your heroes age, teleporting them around or stealing their experience. Still, after a quarter of the game you have seen all of it.The strategic part is pretty linear. Mixing your houses for classes and special traits is fun and I'm sure I've only seen the surface of it so far, but otherwise there isn't much to be done. Then and there are little events which is a nice idea, but all in all it is just waiting for the next attack. X-Com has the upper hand again for adding simply a lot more to do between fights. Also researching and reequipping your heroes did not enthrall me like it usually does in similar titles.That your heroes age and die on the other hand is a clever and interesting design feature. Kudos for this idea!From the technical point of view the game is solid. Graphics are the way they are, but for me that's all right. The actors of the chalice did a good job, too, while the rest of the sound setting isn't spectacular.The german translation is somewhat funny, for example the ""Klugmachergilde"", but than again I guess ""sagewright guild"" isn't exactly a common english term, too, so you can't realy blame the translators.As far as I can tell the game comes without any bugs, which sadly is something worth mentioning nowadays.I bought Massive Chalice at 4,99 at the current winter sale. At this price I can recommend it despite my various critics. It is simply depressing to imagine what wonderful game Massive Chalice could have been.  Sadly, the developer stoped working on the title. As there seems to be no mod support (or no interest by skilled modders), chances for new content and a polished gaming experience are pretty low."
76561198024395587,Recommended,246110,20184002,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,xX_BRAINZZZZ_Xx,An EXCELLENT game - a really unique playstyle with some outstanding artwork narrative and enjoyment - if you're not into turnbased games try this one out - I really enjoy it!Oh and as an excellent side note - the loading times are really fast when either starting or closing the game - I aprove!
76561197993336746,Not Recommended,246110,20740131,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Scrubbynutz,"I am generally anti-DoubleFine nowadays due to their predatory business practices(releasing unfinished games for full price, never going back to fix them, etc), but I was gifted this game recently.  Being a turn based strategy fan(X-Com acolyte, Fire Emblem slave, etc) I was actually pretty excited about Massive Chalice.  The reviews are good, it has all the flavor of a DoubleFine game which to me is one of their best selling points, and it seemed like a unique and interesting take on the genre - I was a fool. A FOOL!  DoubleFine's honeyed potion suckered me in again, and I wish it hadn't.The idea is neat - generations of heroes who you can choose to rule, run guilds or fight - and worth elaborating on.  The idea that your heroes have flaws and perks, and you can choose over time how your heroes evolve via bloodlines?  Brilliant. Building and researching and making new items and using unique buildings is, in theory, a great way to spend some time. However, this game is - like most other DoubleFine titles recently - incredibly shallow and gimmicky.  Their titles seem to rely solely on one or two gameplay mechanics and play more like tech demos instead of full fledged games; battles come at random intervals(really?  Are we still doing random battles in the 2010s?) as your kingdom progresses - and when it shows up, instead of something you get jazzed about playing through, the combat is slow, sloggy and boring.  You have very few options(hit a thing, shoot a thing, throw a bomb, or lesser-damage variations of those themes that include knockback), and even your hybrid class characters are lame mishmashes of their predecessors - would you like a shooty guy that also throws potions?  Or a potion guy that also hits things?  Or how about a thing-hitty guy that also sometimes shoots?  And every time I got a new thing researched and got excited for the gameplay to evolve... it just didn't.  Then it was wait some more, more boring combat, wait some more, more boring combat, repeat ad nauseum.There are no incentives for furthering the bloodlines or making hybrid heroes since they all feel the same anyway: minor variations on the basic melee/range/support classes of stereotypes past.  Even researching new tech in this game - which should be a slam dunk for ANY game of this type - falls flat, as you can only research one thing at a time AND the thing researched generally doesn't add any gameplay value.  Slightly stronger weapons/armor/heals, items with negligible and limited use during gameplay.If you want a game that is an occasional 45 minute time waster when there's nothing else to do, go for Massive Chalice.  If you want a well thought out and executed turn based strategy game, look elsewhere; Massive Chalice is the shovelware title with the pretty, primary colors that grandma buys fromthe bargain bin for Christmas.  It should come packaged with a generic hidden objects game and a collect-a-thon mascot platformer, to round out the experience."
76561198108219916,Recommended,246110,20770090,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Bloop.,"So far so good.Turn based combat and bloodline management its actually quite fun,the soundtrack is well put together and gives a nice feel to the game,the art is intresting. and i also like how i am not stuck with the same old classes such asrogue warrior mage and hunter. they revamped em abit and it made the game all the moreintresting.overall the game is well put together and feels allot like xcom in the sense that you need to protectand defend the world. well in this case your on the brink of defeat.eather way its well worth the price."
,Recommended,246110,23908758,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HmanWP [HSMU],Wonderful game! Instantly got addicted!
,Not Recommended,246110,24099700,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DAOWAce,"I gave up halfway in.The game is basically a dumbed down version of XCOM.  Less soldiers, less classes, less skills, less mechanics, less.. everything.The artstyle is fairly unique, but also lacks quite a lot of detail.What's the main problem with it?Everything takes too long.Every single action you perform in combat is held up by an unskippable animation.  Reveal an enemy? Camera moves over to it and it unleashes a battlecry, then moves back to your selected soldier. Attack an enemy? Camera follows the attack then moves back to your soldier. Kill an enemy? Camera moves over to it and it dies, then moves back to your selected soldier to show your soldier's battlecry. (god forbid you multi-kill) Get exp? Camera stays centered on your soldier. Level up? Camera stays centered on your soldier. Used up the action points on a soldier? Camera forcibly moves to another soldier. Etc.You can't switch soldiers during an action either.  You're forced to sit and wait and watch until they completely finish their action.There is so much needless waiting that it makes combat takemuchlonger than it should.  This is made even worse by the fact that..Combat is too easy.Maybe as a veteran of XCOM (the original and the remake) I have much more skill than the average player, but I just found absolutely no challenge at all.  My soldiers basically one shot everything and I never had anyone die; which leads us to...The character balance is really off.Hunters are supposed to do big single target damage.. but they're weaker than Alchemists who one shot groups of enemies.  I found the Caberjacks to be completely useless. They had high damage, but being melee in this game is awful due to Ruptures (explode on death), Lapses (exp loss when hit) and Withers (age gain when hit; extremely bad).  My main group was 3 alchemists and 2 hunters, though a more optimal group seems like 4 alchemists and 1 high accuracy hunter to function as a band-aid for misses on critical targets.And yes, there are really only 3 character classes.  You can breed different ones together to get hybrids, but they basically function the same, only with a few different skills.  Some of them are objectively worse (ex. Enforcer) due to their skill changes.The other problem with the game is the management and RNG.  You have a very simplistic map with 10 locations on it.  You pretty much build 1 Sagewright guild, 1 Crucible and the rest are keeps to breed heroes.. and you NEED to build keeps ASAP (see below).  Other than that, you can research some weapon and armor upgrades along with some (mostly) passive items.Soldiers(or Heroes; I'll be using this interchangeably)all have unique traits and personalities; completely randomized. Some are just flavor text, some are good and some are horrible.. and they're usually horrible.Soldiers also have ages, and age is a key mechanic of the game.  Your soldiers die from age, and they die frequently as it's usually 20+ years in between combat sessions.(It's like the combat is a side activity compared to how long you spend managing your soldiers.)Age is effectively the most deadly enemy in the game.If you do not start breeding your heroes early, you will run out because they all die from old age.  You can hire a group of 5 heroes, but they're usually far worse than ones you can breed due to coming with a lot of negative traits.  For example, the last group of heroes I hired all came with the 'Slow' personality (among other negatives), which meant they moved less tiles in combat.  It may not seem like much, but the default movement is 4, so that's a 25% reduction in how far they can move per turn.  I brought one on a mission and they were left behind everyone; useless.There's also another very bad one: Heart disease.  The average soldier lifespan seems to be 65.  People with heart disease can die in their 40's.  This makes it almost pointless to even take that soldier into combat, as they'll die far before they get to a higher level. Longevity is the counter to this; those soldiers can last into their 80's, which is extremely useful.So, this means youneedto selectively breed your soldiers if you don't want a ton of useless people.  Traits can get passed down from parent to child.  Personalities however can be gained via the 'Standard', someone you assign to the Crucible to train soldiers (passively as time passes).  They also gain both kinds of stats randomly on birth and while they age.Pair two good parents together (if you can even get them in the first place), set a good standard and off you go breeding competent soldiers... until someone dies, or the RNG doesn't give them the traits or personality you're raising them with. Hope they're young too, because the older they get, the less they breed.Oh, and everyone you assign to any of the buildings is forever stationed there until they die.  You cannot take them into combat.  This contradicts the 'Standard' mechanic, since higher level heroes are much better at training.. but what's the point if they just die in a few years?Between waiting so long for combat, having to manage dozens of soldier deaths every time I wasn't in combat, and the combat taking far longer than it should, I just got so fed up with waiting and needless micromanaging that I stopped playing.The UI could also use some more work, especially when trying to manage a soldier.  Everything's too big and takes too many clicks to get to or see information you want (the 4 pages of tabs could be consolidated, and there needs to be a 'compact' mode for lists).  There's also no way to sort people by their traits or even search at all, which makes finding specific people a real hassle.Good voice acting though.  Jennifer Hale and some guy I don't recognize.  Guess all the budget went to them instead of giving the game more depth..If you can pickup the game when it's cheap (below $5), I'd say go for it. You'll have a bit of fun for a day or so, but if you're expecting something with the intensity of XCOM (or even half of it), then you'll start to get frustrated and bored barely 100 years in.  If we could turn off the time wasting animations, then I'd switch this review over to positive and actually play the game again."
,Not Recommended,246110,24149743,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cinnamon Bear,"This game had a lot of potential. it starts with a fantastic premise, and for the first few years of the game things proceed smoothly but pretty quickly you realize you've seen everything the game has to offer.There is little to no customization- indeed customization appears to be locked in only for kickstarter backers and when you begin a game you're given a choice between choosing Random lineages or wading through hundreds of ridiculous lineages that most often wind up being either extremely dated memes or some variation on BLOODDARKWOLFRAVENGOKU420. Its a small issue, but immediately left a bad taste in my mouth that customization was locked in to choosing between backer lineages when it would have been simple to allow customization of names and such like XCOM.You very quickly meet all possible enemy types, and there is both little variation in enemies and in your heroes. Combat starts off interesting but quickly becomes boring and a real chore. Enemies like to hide in corners and the game feels sluggish when you have to spend turn after turn hunting down weak enemies hiding or running from you with no real threat. The enemies themselves might as well be comprised of Nerf and theres little tactical satisfaction from the battles.Heroes age and die quickly enough that its hard to develop any particular attachment to them or their lineage. Most heroes may be lucky enough to see 2 or 3 engagements if that. If you can feed enough kills to particular heroes, their weapon might turn into a Relic, but again there really isn't any attachment or story or driving force to make me care about slogging my way through the boring combat system.The game just feels simplistic and empty, and the interesting premise never ends up feeling realized. You wind up investing hours in the game hoping it gets better and it never does- you really do see everything it has to offer within the first hour or two. I kept trudging towards the ending out of obligation more than deriving any fun from it before ultimately shrugging my shoulders."
76561197967623611,Recommended,246110,16692298,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SanGrail,"Frigging awesome! could have hoped for a bit more diversity in the classes, but a solid and awesome game. - i highly recommend you buy this game :) cant wait for a sequel! (hoping)"
,Recommended,246110,16672290,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Robby Titan,Randomly found this and bought it under $10.  Best ten bucks I've spent in a very long time.  The replayability of this game is huge and it's not exactly easy either.  I absolutely love it and would recommend it for anyone looking for something a little new
76561197999991371,Recommended,246110,18467700,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,MMZ>Gui,"Love this game. I needed something new to play, and I really had an desire to play Final Fantasy Tactics again, but that's one of the few FF games not yet released on PC. So, I googled ""Games Like Final Fantasy Tactics"" and this was one of the first hits. The battle gameplay is very similar to FFT, though because of the limited number of classes, it's probably more like Banner Saga. But the overall strategy map is what makes this game interesting and different. The game plays out over 300 years, with 2-5 years elapsing between events. You have to marry your hero characters to make more hero characters, and the skills/genetics of the heroes married reflects in the quality of future generations. You only end up getting 3-4 battles with a hero before they die, so it's an interesting mechanic, and it's been a fun ride so far."
,Not Recommended,246110,16852135,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,NoPantsBaby,"Out of over 500 games I have bought, enjoyed and slightly regretted buying I have only ever refunded two of them. This is one of those. It is so dreadfully boring I cannot imagine where all the money went. You literally sit around waiting for an RNG to pop out babies with traits for you. Then wait for the mists of boredom to launch an attack against you or some pointless research to finish. There literally is nothing to do but play a watered down X-com combined with watching a boring screensaver. No kingdom management, no balancing of issues or planning of strategies, pop out babies, wait, fight, wait, pop out more babies, wait, fall asleep.Save yourself the trouble. Double fine doubly dissapoints as once again one of their kickstarter projects burns down to the ground taking their good name along with it. Give this game a WIDE berth."
,Recommended,246110,18813140,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Chrogion,"Just finished the game. It was a long ride, but totally worth it.A lot of people compare this game to XCOM. There are some shared principles, but you should not see it as an alternative to XCOM, because Massive Chalice is different im many aspects.What really makes this game shine is Double Fine's humour. The enemies, the items, the stories, the heroes have some nice touches that are weird in a good way. There is just nothing more awesome than the warm and fuzzy feeling that you get when a Wrinkler hits one of your wünderpants-wearing heroes.The management of your kingdom does not require you to do a lot of planning (at least not in normal mode). What could really be improved is the management of heroes, because you will have a hard time remembering them all. It makes sense to use a paper notebook to keep track of your plans of your heroes. One very central problem of the game is that it's much harder to get attached to your heroes than in XCOM, because your heroes can simply die of old age. The relic system tries to compensate for that, but it could be more epic. I still got attached to some of my heroes during my playthrough, but it was much later in the game. But once the attachment is there, it's just awesome to kick♥♥♥♥♥on the battlefield with your favorite heroes.The battles start rather easy, but get a lot tougher in the course of the game. The artificial intelligence is not that clever, but if you don't pay attention, it will still eleminate your heroes with unpleasant efficiency. There were many situations where I really thought that I was screwed but with some thinking and planning I could usually find a way out of the situation. And that was just awesome.But even if you fail during battles and lose some or all of your heroes, the game still gives you plenty of chances to recover. It's certainly not too easy (imho) and you can still play on hard mode with iron mode if you like a challenge.In a nutshell, you should get this game if you like- getting out of sticky situations- weird humour- Combining traits, items and seeing how things synergize.- Round-based battles with lots of positioning and special abilitiesYou should not get this game if- You are impatient (A battle takes around 30-60 minutes)- You want a really complex game- You want a deep story"
,Recommended,246110,16660970,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Soonerdvm,"Yes, I recommend it.However, this game is a cautionary tale, for me, about how the story behind your game can make or break it.It took me three tries to figure out how to start the game in such a way as to make it playable long term - starting conditions have a HUGE impact on the end game.I played this game hard, for hours. And I enjoyed it. It became repetative, but I still enjoyed it. The combination of world building and turn-based strategy kept me interested and the story about fighting a battle for survival against an overwhelming enemy made me determined to play it out to the end.Then I got to the end.Fought that last, massive, epic battle.And then.... the story  just lost me. I was actually angry at the story.I HAD been thinking about what I'd like to do differently for my next playthrough. And now I'm not sure I'll ever play it again.If you're not interested in the story, then that won't be a problem. But if you are, prepare to be annoyed."
76561198038786881,Recommended,246110,34698683,Posted: 2 September,all,Sadberry,"An interesting concept.The game strategy component is a bit too simplistic and repetitive, it lacks a good story, and most event decisions'  results are random, but the whole genetic bloodlines thing gives the whole genre a nice twist.I definitely recommend it, though don't expect no X-COM."
,Recommended,246110,33891538,Posted: 29 July,all,snuh,"It's a fun, turn-based, grid combat game, with a weirdly eugenic breeding sidegame. I think it's a really cool concept. It doesn't quite pay off, but I think it's still worth playing through just to explore the idea. It has its flaws, but the game ends before those flaws become too annoying."
76561198058135852,Not Recommended,246110,33059160,Posted: 30 June,all,rc,"A good game that could easily have been a fantastic game. This introduces football manager into a battle strategy game, having to manage your personnell outside of the fighting in order to properly strengthen your side. The number of traits and attributes really gives each hero their own character. However, the UI is very clunky and at times quite ugly and information about traits and attributes is only available through one specific menu. The number of times I hovered over an attribute forgetting that it would not tell me the effect of the trait was infuriating. That is a key flaw in the game, you are never given enough information.You really have to piece the game together yourself as you play and so you are only really prepared by the second playthrough. However, there isn't enough variation in the game to truly merit finishing more than once. The turn based combat is okay, but not amazing and can sometimes be far too slow.I really did enjoy this game for the first few hours, but unfortunately it ends up being too frustrating to be that enjoyable."
76561198002338993,Not Recommended,246110,24183372,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sdric,"I would give a neutral review, but since I can't it's more negative then positive.The skill selection is poor making the combat repetitive, heroes die incredibly fast of ""old age"", the bloodline system could've been explained better. There's a lot of decent / good ideas in this game - sadly the balancing and implementation was poorly dont and would have needed some work before the release.(Why can't I send different parties to different battles at the same time???)Also: A ton of RNG events that can really, really, really♥♥♥♥♥you up.I wouldn't call it a bad game, but it feels very incomplete and unpolished.Grab it for 5€ during a sale or skip it."
,Not Recommended,246110,20722788,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ShawnMcCool,"I don't see how this game has redeeming qualities. The combat, graphics, etc are just... boring.I was hoping for something xcomy or final fantasy tacticsy or anything that was good."
,Recommended,246110,16689035,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,b3b0p.r0b0t,Really fun! Charming XCOM type game. I got hooked right away.
76561198003424334,Recommended,246110,16691401,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,BiggyMoose,"A solid but unrefined experience. It's like X-com: Enemy Unknown, but without the polish and depth. Don't get me wrong , I like this game. I love the aesthetic, Iove the voice over work and Sound design, and I love the breeding system in this game. The combat falls short due to lack of the ability to effectivly defend yourself from enemy attack as well as the asinine AI.Overall, I liked this game, but wait for a sale on this game, like I did."
76561198114595651,Recommended,246110,17103368,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Ruriska,"Despite overwhelmingly negative reviews, I decided to give Massive Chalic a chance and have really enjoyed myself. I'm close to winning the game for the first time and will do another round. I still fondly remember Ume Graymarch, my first and best warrior and regret accidentally killing off her line 100 years later with a misthrown bomb by a drunk near-sighted Alchemist. My only really issue is with the two 'god' voiceover characters with their annoying voices and chatter.  If you grab the game on sale, it is worthy of your time and don't let everyone comparing it to other games cloud your decision."
,Recommended,246110,16657853,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,DaReaper95,"I don't think I've played a game this simply brilliant in years. It's like X-Com, only far more sophisticated and so much more engaging. The best part? Death is inevitable and integral to the game."
,Recommended,246110,18502864,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Aargh Tenna,"It is quite short, and replayability value is not high. Hoewever, I am very pleased with this game - it was fun while it lasted and it is one of very few games that run PERFECTLY on Linux.To me, it was refreshing, fun, straightforward experience, highly recommended."
76561198039332458,Not Recommended,246110,20176498,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Elvasat,Repetetive game with simple mechanics.
,Recommended,246110,16764506,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Kryptography,"This is a qualified recommendation.  I bought this game for $10 during the 2015 Steam Summer Sale and I think it was probably a good use of $10.  I really enjoyed my first playthrough, the graphics have a very interesting style, and the characters and monsters show a ton of variation.The basic idea is x-com, but with less research and upgrade options, but much better gameplay, much more balanced and interesting combat scenarios and much less random nonsense, and with a natural ""retirement"" mechanic in which you generally get no more than 3 or 4 combats out of any specific hero.Instead of getting attached to certain heroes, you get attached to their liniage, raising other members of their family to replace them, etc.The game basically gives you no hints regarding build order or strategy, but despite that I beat the game pretty easily the first time on normal difficulty, so I don't think it's too hard or anything.Overall I think it's a lot of fun and better than X-Com.  I don't know if I see myself playing through it again, but on the other hand I never played through X-Com a second time either so that's not really a huge knock on the game.I think if you're looking for a lot of depth or options, I""m not sure there's that much here for a 2nd or 3rd playthrough but it's still a good few dozen hours of fun for your money."
,Recommended,246110,16637957,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,spenpai,"Really an inginious concept of blending a Game Of Thrones style of fantasy with an XCOM-esque battle system. The deeper you go into the game, however, the more repetitive it gets. Maps get re-used plenty of times, but the game doesn't drag on to the point where youre begging it to stop. I only have about a third of the game left with 15 hours clocked in launcher. Overall, it's the perfect game to hold the attention of us who anxiously wait for the release of XCOM 2.3/5 ?"
,Not Recommended,246110,33115992,Posted: 1 July,all,mbradley1992,"I started out really enjoying this game, but after a couple hours realized it's about 2-3 patches away from becoming a game worth sinking time into. Unfortunately, it's not going to see those updates.The game attempts to carry out the base building, recruits and team structure, and combat of X-Com. At first, it seems fairly interesting. Percentages and damage potential for attacks, heroes can die and require either raising children or recruiting more, etc. Enemies will wreck your team if you rush out and don't play to their weaknesses, but hanging back and taking a strategic approach to the combat situations helps avoid too many losses.The problem comes mid-game. Similar to X-Com, there's a difficulty ramp mid-game with new, tougher enemies. The problem is that the combat situations and maps are poorly tuned to the point of being garbage. X-Com punishes you for poor strategy. Massive Chalice punishes you for literally standing in one place.First, the mid-game difficulty ramp places 6-7 of the tough enemies (that are capable of one shotting your heroes) in the same map area, outnumbering your squad in a single encounter and ensuring the death of at least one hero. That's not making a game strategically difficult. It's making it garbage and unfair. If you're going to, guaranteed, lose 1-2 heroes on the map, what's the point? At that point, the player has no ability to strategize and plan, which is the entire point of the game.And if you think, ""oh, just take it slow and easy and only reveal 1-2 at a time"", you're going to get bit with that line of thinking. Because there's no real consistency at all to the fog of war and sight of your heroes. In one map, you may reveal enemies at a certain distance. In a different situation, the enemies will be revealed randomly after your turn is already over. What's the point of that? If the map is going to be revealed based on the scripting of the situation, then there's no strategic element to the movement of your team in that way, either.To round out the theme of inconsistency and no real strategic planning, damage chances seems completely random as well. For example, a long-range hunter may have a 50% chance of hitting an enemy when they're 10 tiles away. If they're 5 tiles away, the hit percentage stays at 50%. That's strange, because they're closer. On the next map, the same hunter may have a 70% of hitting them at 10 tiles away and 100% at 5 tiles away. So yet again, there's no point in thinking strategically about the combat. Just click ""attack"" until all the things are dead. Because placement doesn't matter.And no, cover makes little to no difference here (at least I never noticed) other than an enemy has no line of sight if a hero is behind cover. But partial cover doesn't seem to do much if at all.This game needs serious tuning by someone who understands strategy games. That's the major crux of the problem with Massive Chalice and with Double Fine in general right now. They continue to make games that they don't really understand, and those games end up poorly designed and not as great as they could. The rest of Massive Chalice is dull but inoffensive. It's mostly just clicking on research goals you haven't done yet and making sure that keeps have heroes assigned to them. The only real thing to strategize and stay engaged with is the combat, and it's poorly designed and just a bad X-Com knockoff that tries too hard to copy a formula it doesn't even understand.If this game could get some TLC in a patch (I.E. balance some of the encounters to give the player a chance, tune the line of sight/fog of war and hit probability algorithms, that would be enough to make the combat interesting. As an unbalanced mess that it's currently in, it's impossible to play through a combat situation and strategize well enough to come out ahead of the AI. There's no point in trying, because the game is going to use poor balance and tuning to rip heroes away from you. At that point, it takes the ""Strategy"" out of the ""strategy game""."
,Recommended,246110,15416255,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Apsalar,"I watched myself with mild shock last November as I went through with the purchase of this game despite the fact that Double Fine had so recently screwed me and thousands of other supporters in the now infamous Spacebase DF-9 debacle.  But I went through the purchase for two very specific reasons and, as the game passes the last stages of Beta before release, I can say with complete conviction that I made the right choice.Here were my reasons:1) In the past Double Fine has made games that offer solid support to my assertion that video games are a legitimate literary and artistic medium (Grim Fandango, Psychonauts).  I was willing to accept the high chance I was throwing money into an abyss for the unlikely probability that Double Fine would once again contribute a game solid enough to sit on the shelf among such early works of beauty.2) Through reading various blogs I had gotten the sense that a significant element of the development process for MASSIVE CHALICE was the recognition that when it came to the developers' reputation among gamers, they had little or nothing left to lose.  I figured that such an environment had the potential to be completely liberated from expectation, allowing the developers to take risks  in potentially unprecedented ways.My wishful understanding of the developers' internal decision-making processes may or may not be accurate- but certainly they've taken risks with this game.  We've all heard the adage that art doesn't happen in a vacuum.  By nature, art and literature are derivative and combinant of earlier works and other elements of the cultural narratives in which they appear.  The works that move me most tend to be the ones that take these old familiar pieces and recombine them in new ways, such that the unexpected juxtapositions crack open the shells of my assumptions and in so doing reveal to me an insight into a new way of thinking and feeling (think, for example, of Yeats' vision of the Second Coming: ""And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,/ Slouches towards Bethlehem to be born?"").  In large part Double Fine has conjured such a juxtaposition through the interconnecting of previously disparate gameplay elements and story tropes.The game setting is deeply assymetrical: only a small group of heroes remains to prevent the mindless, monster-spawning ""Cadence"" from entirely consuming reality.  It's an old trope but it's executed with style and the world has a memorable and unique mood and aesthetic.  These heroes must resist the Cadence for 300 years- across many generations of their descendents.  At its core MASSIVE CHALICE is a dynasty simulator.  The player has a great deal of control in choosing which heroes mate, but the resulting spawn are a matter of probabilistic risk.  It's impossible to breed a perfect master race so a lot of thought goes into which characteristics you value most in which combinations.  The combat portion of the game is reminiscent of the relaunched X-COM: three-dimensional turn-based class-oriented squad tactics.  Unlocking characters of more advanced classes involves encouraging certain reproductive synergies- a hero's class is assigned at birth.  I prefer the tension and the sublime sorrow that comes from playing the ""ironman"" style mode.  The game saves in a single path on exit: live with the consequences of your choices and the vicissitudes of capricious RNG.  If a hero dies in battle, that's it, they're gone forever.  It happens often and is an essential element of the game: who am I willing to sacrifice to the greater good and who do I need to survive? Also, once a hero is wed and titled and making babies they can no longer participate in battles, so you are inthe position of frequently retiring your highest level and most effective characters.  To facilitate the siring process the game has a lite citybuilding-style mechanism, in which you can choose to build one of a few types of buildings in the zones that are free from Cadence encroachment.  There are a couple research and production buildings, and then there are keeps in which to house your fledgling dynasties.  Space is very very limited and constantly threatened, so building choices must be made very carefully.I am a person who devotes much of his professional and private life to the uphill battles, the ones that may likely fail but that deserve to be championed.  I hold on to hope when all evidence points to its foolishness. This game speaks to that part of my being with passion and understanding. The overall experience of the game is tense, humorous, challenging, compelling- and frankly beautiful.  On your first playthrough MASSIVE CHALICE will feel bizarre and confusing, but if you are like me, the game's indelibly unique chracter will call you back again and again; what was strange will become intuitive, and what was alienating will become utterly consuming."
76561197970461575,Not Recommended,246110,20718181,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,leilanilad,"No hook, no music.The game feels uninspired and incomplete.Nothing that made it stand out, nothing that made me want to get in to it.Dissapointed..."
76561198067697318,Recommended,246110,16873348,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,chocky77,"It needs more customisation and tweaking. ""Percentage to hit"" is inacurate, More ability to customise your bloodline would be good. Perhaps longer than 300 would be better and maybe a different play option. Certainly room for improvement."
76561198060923065,Recommended,246110,16831964,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Ghazix,"XCOM-esque?Game of Thrones-esque?Double-Fine?Sure I'll give it a go.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what a well made game.Picked it up during steam summer sale, would have paid full price knowing then what I do now.My only critique is I wish that it were longer, but that's only because I want more. More enemy types, more units on the field, more weapons, armor, build variety. Not that there isn't enough already, but with the framework already laid down being so great, I'd be all in for a sequel. Tim Schafer, if you read this, please make a sequel. Hit me up for ideas! This thing could blow Xcom out of the water."
,Recommended,246110,16885753,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Orthopraxis,"A fantastic strategy game that subverts the standards of the genre in some very pleasant ways. Many have complained that the nature of the game (the entire game takes place over 300 years, during which your heroes that fight for you WILL die of old age, as the average lifespan in this game is about 60-70) is such that you can never get attached to the heroes.But indeed what is so awesome is that instead of getting attached to the heroes, you get attached to their families. THIS family makes some badass alchemists, and THIS family I can rely on to make great tanks. After 150 years of marriage choices, perhaps a family who made awesome heroes dies out due to some poor choices. Maybe a family of miscreants with crappy traits becomes amazing heroes after some good choices 100 years ago.Meanwhile as family members have success in combat, they might christen their weapon a relic that is powerful and levels up, and can be handed down from family member to family member. Essentially what this game does is abstract away the individual heroes, leaving you more concerned with bigger choices that ensure that when heroes are needed, you will have them in quantity."
76561197973781729,Recommended,246110,20727053,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Zim,X-Com meets Game of Thrones without the intrigue. GG!!
76561198027907884,Recommended,246110,16223543,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,penguinshogun,"This game is basically medieval fantasy Xcom, with all the flaws of xcom, and all the cool things about xcom. The humor alternated between marginally funny and dry. But the thing I cannot forgive is the RNG in the game and the % to hit that they give. Under no circumstances should I miss and therefore lose an important character because the game told me I have an 100% chance to hit. Missing with a 100% chance to hit is a insult, do not tell me its 100% when it is not. Despite this, i still enjoy the gameand would recommend it to anyone with the patience to deal with the fact that you will lose people to things beyond your control. Such as stupidly bad luck, like missing with a 100% chance to hit."
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,246110,24014834,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,CastIronBoomstick,"I followed this game pretty closely in its early development, then let it go its merry way before finally coming back to it this summer sale. Sadly, it hasnt gone far from where I left it.The game itself is overwhelmingly shallow, with only 3 real classes to speak of, and 3 uninspired and bizzare weapon types. The gameplay consists of competent turn based tactical combat and some hero-breeding on the side, with the goal being to keep the monsters out for 300 years while your super weapon charges.After less than an hour of play and a quick glance at the wiki, I can confidently say that there is nothing more to the game, despire what its name would suggest; the game is small, and basic. It fulfils the original goals of the design document and nothing more,and ultimatly feels more like the product of an indie game jam than a kickstarter project.Given that turn-based games like this are simpler to make than real time games, the real test of quality is in the execution of unique concepts that go beyond what somebody simply copying XCOM or Tactics Ogre could have produced. This game has no such features to speak of, other than a fairly basic hero-breeding backdrop, and a quirky aesthetic.Sadly, this game falls behind even things like Banner Saga, which even with its shortcomings is a must play at $10 or less. There is no reason to play Massive Chalice, as once you've read this review you've pretty much played through the entire game. Tell your friends, they'll be so proud!"
76561197997601276,Not Recommended,246110,23931974,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,The7ofDiamonds,"I never realized how perfect X-Com was until I tried playing this.  Granted, I played X-Com recently, so it's still fresh to me, but damn... I wish I could enjoy this more, it does have some legitimately cool ideas.  It's just that it's execution feels sloppy by comparison."
76561197994875016,Recommended,246110,28890196,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zacktheperson,It is like xcom but set in a fantasy world.
,Recommended,246110,16638174,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Vanguard,"""Too much epilespy"" 3/10 IGN"
76561198024939215,Recommended,246110,28894360,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,thenomain,"Unexpectedly fun. Heavier than a roguelike, roguelikier than a heavier game."
76561197972072638,Recommended,246110,18913990,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,KoolKrax,Not as bad as everyone says.
,Recommended,246110,18375673,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MrMellao,It was ok game ... not polished to add complexity enough and the ending suxed dragon balls....I`m just recommending cause I like this type of games with grid combat.
,Recommended,246110,16626428,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MeowMixMasterMike,Its like XCOM but with way more inbreeding.
,Recommended,246110,16615835,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Cool Hand Luke,"I wrote a long, carefully thought out review of this game.. which Steam promptly lost.  So TL/DR follows.Recommendation level: MehI thrashed this game the first time through.  1 shot kills till almost the end-game, lost only 1 combatant. Other comments abound on the forums state how hard this game is.  This fact alone screams out there are balance issues with this game.Is it worth a tenner?  Heck yes, I have 25+ hours out of it.  Is it a great game? No, but it could be.Oh and the graphics are by 'Playmobil' apparently.Worth encouraging the devs and the market for new ideas by buying this game IMHO... otherwise the whole world becomes crushed under the heels of people like EA and the whole 'This year's version of the same game' market."
,Recommended,246110,20732803,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Screaming Asian Man,accidentally threw a flask and killed four of my guys 0/100 see me after class
,Recommended,246110,20128812,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Gregeor,Interesting game.   Very X-Com ish but in a fantasy setting.   The main difference is that you are charge of maintaining your own bloodlines over the course of the 300 years the game runs.  Choose leaders with strong traits to get the next generation of heroes stronger.   Mix classes to get Hybrid classes.   Assign smart but feeble offspring to the sagewrites guild.   Time passes quickly so you cant get attached to any particular hero.   But their sons and daughters will carry on the family name and perhaps pass down a relic weapon upon their death.Well worth the $5 I paid for it and would recommend the game in the $8-10 range.
76561198031090825,Recommended,246110,17884343,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,luuksv,"Absolutely gorgeous game, artstyle is absolutely stunning and the interfaces are pretty and clear. I've only played about one third (If I make it) through my first game and some of the more advanced concepts and strategies are still not clear to me, but the game feels amazing. The game is really quite xcom like, but misses some hallmarks like overwatch. This makes the tactics quite a bit different (lost me two great heroes already) and the game is far from trivial.Really, really nice game. Sounds, art, gameplay, they all link up into making an awesome experience."
,Recommended,246110,17939994,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,OldSnakey,"Much better than I expected from a lot of negative reviews I read. I understand the desire for some additional tactical complexity (flanking, cover, etc) but it was still a good experience although not especially challenging on Normal.Biggest disappointment - the ending. I don't mind the *content* of the ending, honestly that's up to them, but the delivery was really cheap and not worthy of the effort paid to go that far."
,Recommended,246110,17881566,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Ty 哈,"Quite decent game with nice creative gameplay, but doesn't quite manage to be interesting.6.5/10"
76561198052242622,Not Recommended,246110,26606986,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,lobstermadness,"Surprisingly shallow.  The deal breaker is that your leveled soldiers die of old age after about 3 battles, so you are always running thru new soldiers training them up.  If that sounds tedious it is.   The idea is that you give some traits over to the next generation but it is not a deep system.  The reality is that you are using low level soldiers again and again.   The combat maps are flat and mostly static.  No flanking.    I love turn based tactics but this is sadly a 6 out of 10 game,"
,Not Recommended,246110,17844179,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,(¯`·._) mollipes (¯`·._),The main game loop is mind-numbingly boring. Huge amounts of waiting around twiddling thumbs. Total lack of any charm what so ever. Such a disappointment.
76561198008424852,Not Recommended,246110,17937104,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,KABLAM,"It's not horrible or anything and is an ok game in it's own right, but it's exactly the same game as XCOM, only not done as well. Do yourself a favor and buy XCOM instead."
76561197992801175,Not Recommended,246110,17870515,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,fabio,"Dull, shallow, ugly version of X-com describes this game in a nutshell.Ugly- Some of the ugliest art direction and color schemes I've seen recently. It manages to have bright garish colors yet still seem like it's all muddy brown. Most of the models and textures look unfinished.Shallow- Imagine playing an entire X-com campaign where you used level 1 soldiers the entire time. That's not too much of an exaggeration of the Massive Chalice experience.Dull- How fun would X-Com be if you only had 2 building choices and level 1 soldiers the entire time?Pop quiz: there are only 3 classes. The hunter class is the only ranged class. Hunters have almost the same stats as the other classes, can stealth, and shoot all the way across the map at enemies who are mostly melee and explode when killed. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that hunters are the only class worth getting.So you build a castle at each territory, assigning a man and woman hero at each castle to crank out babies to refill your ranks. Theoretically, you're pouring over all their stats and traits to come up with the ideal matches, but in reality you're just pairing up hunters because that's the only class you want. Having all hunters by far outweighs any drawbacks of negative traits. The strategic portion turns into nothing but a eugenics program to breed out non-hunter classes.Set up marriageOrder another castlewaitwaitwaitboring battlewaitwaitchoose new research item to receive a boring flat stat increase on existing weapon/armorwaitwaitboring battlewaitwaithero dies of old age, choose replacement marriagewaitwaitrepeat endlesslyDoes the game get deeper and more interesting beyond the campaign's halfway point? Who knows, and who cares. It was so boring I couldn't bother to play any further. If your game is boring the entire first half, your game stinks.Special mention for the terrible writing. There is zero story to this game. Even though I know story isn't meant to be the focus, it makes the campaign story in X-com seem like Xenogears in comparison. The only, and I mean the ONLY dialog in the game comes from the massive chalice: a magical talking cup made up of two personalities. They try to be ""wacky"" and somber at the same time and fail miserably at both. One personality says something, then the other makes a sacastic remark about it. It's what happens when unskilled writers try to sound witty. In a game with no other plot or tone, they needed to NAIL this part but failed."
,Not Recommended,246110,18194053,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Hemmels,"A good affort at an XCOM clone. Missing the key ingredient that is longevity, or melee hero risk/reward. Heros die off so there's no attachment, nor replayability. You aren't missing anything."
,Not Recommended,246110,18809595,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Yvl,"Massive letdown.  While the rest of the game is solid, the combat is tedious and generic, and there's just not enough to it to hold my interest.  Unfortunately, this game is only as strong as its weakest link.  As addicted as I was to building family lines, I couldn't stand another minute of this weak attempt at a Strategy RPG."
,Not Recommended,246110,19641584,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ADF,"The performance on Mac is awful up to the point when it's impossible to play, even on the lowest resolution. I have MacBook 13"" Retina Late 2013."
,Not Recommended,246110,20710815,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Strangelove,"interesting ideas turned into a shallow, boring game"
,Not Recommended,246110,20731534,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Peldrigal,"It's not a bad game per se, but I wouldn't recommend it. Combat is slow and repetitive, a skirmish on a tiled bidimensional map, and the management part has no balancing, so things snowball: if you start winning, you'll keep winning, if you're losing, you'll keep losing.I have been playing Mordheim for the past two months and it's definitely a superior game with a similar concept, a more varied and challenging combat, and a balancing system that allows you to choose the difficulty of every mission, allowing you to catch your breath if you've had a losing streak."
,Recommended,246110,16166041,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,xyproto,"Pros: Low poly art style, polished user interaction and gameplay, a good challenge. A quality game. There is a lot of content here.Cons: The game is divided into a more strategic (map, buildings, research and people management) gameplay and the tactical gameplay, which is much like the UFO series. Sometimes you just want to play the strategic variant, but you are forced to play the tactical game where you take down enemies, with regular intervals. Both are pretty fun, though.Recommended if you like turn-based battles."
76561198052284021,Recommended,246110,31785534,Posted: 16 May,all,An Ao Rong,"A true marvel in tactical turnbased strat genre. Set over a span of hundreds of years, you have to breed your heroes to keep the traits you want and lose those you don't. Very interesting and addictive."
,Recommended,246110,31609193,Posted: 7 May,all,Stickman,Why the hate?This is a solid time with a lot of character. Will be keen for part 2.
76561197995382211,Recommended,246110,33679484,Posted: 20 July,all,fiasco.joe,"It's a game about eugenics, I guess.  One of your main goals is to improve the bloodlines of your noble houses over the years so that they produce ideal soldiers.  There's more to the game than that, but that's the gameplay element that makes Massive Chalice stand out from other tactical RPGs.It also has nontraditional music for a fantasy game, with themes of Rock and Metal, which I appreciated.Finally, the voicework is charming.  In Massive Chalice, you are joined in your three-century task by a giant talking goblet.  Drawn in the negative space of either side of the Chalice are two faces, and they both have their own personality and history.  One is a meticulous old British man, the other is a spunky American woman.  They don't share their names with you, but you'll get to know them pretty well over the course of your career.  I grew to like them both.I'm not going to give you any strategic tips, because the truth is I'm not that good at the game.  I always seem to fail at the final battle.  I still enjoy playing it, though.  Something something the journey is better than the destination blah blah blah.Fair Warning:  If you have a problem with simplicity of design, don't get this game.  If you can't handle only three playable classes and seven kinds of enemies, just don't expect to like Massive Chalice.  There's some variety beyond that, but not enough to satisfy some of you.  They were going for elegance through simplicity.  Whether that's a good thing or a bad thing just depends on your tastes, okay?8.5/10"
76561198006244963,Recommended,246110,33747134,Posted: 23 July,all,Only4Trash [GER],"its fun its fresh, i like and recommend it"
76561198118379780,Not Recommended,246110,23862637,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,One Eye Whisky Dan,"I'm going to give this a condtional 'no' vote.My big issue is that the game is optimized terribly. My computer more than exceeds the recommended system requirements, but the game is so poorly optimized that the game runs like old timey stop motion. We're talking single digit frame rate.If Double Fine ever decides to update this game and actually make it run well, then you should pick it up. A classic example of great idea ruined by crappy QA."
76561198042558697,Not Recommended,246110,32991708,Posted: 29 June,all,CongenialVirus,"This game has been sitting in my library for... Some time. And now I got around to playing it. I recommend this game, however for statistical purposes I'm giving it a bad review. If you will indulge me, I can justify my reasoning.The game has an ""inde"" cell shader aesthetic with fairly saturated colors. It's base mechanics are similar to any other turn based strategy with an isometric map, but there is a twist. Your units are pooled from bloodlines. Quasi RNG breeding to get new units, or spending your time resource to recruit new random units. This game was apparently a crowdfunded game, and for what it is I will not be too harsh. But there are issues that you may want to be aware of.The UI is very bad. At first I assumed it's because I don't know how to play. No. The UI is cluttered and lacking quality of life behavior at the same time. For example. In combat, you have the option to use keystrokes and mouse clicks to execute actions. However, you are also presented with on screen buttons to use forgoing the keyboard. The hit boxes are not correct for said buttons. If you click on an ability, and then confirm. Unless it's in exactly the right spot it will select the ability instead of confirming your action. Additionally, MOVE AND ATTACK ARE THE SAME BUTTON. You are not able to check your attack range for archers. Which has frequently moved my unit instead of attacking, in my first few hours.The environment designs are minimalist, and cell shaded. Which isn't necessarily bad. But the camera is isometric for no reason. Which causes issues with walls and tall objects in the maps, as well as the map borders. Games like Xcom suffer from this issue as well, but at least in Xcom, walls fade out intelligently so you are able to see movement options. There is a decent soundtrack in the game, but if you take more than 5 minutes per combat. Be prepared to spend most of that time in dead silence.The bloodline system is interesting, and I would like it if it were a bit more consistent. Each unit has inborn attributes, and personality traits. Personality traits can sometimes be gained or lost due to events and units influence on each other. However, even if you do find a good unit to continue your bloodline. The children have a fairly high degree of randomness to their stats, even with both parents having favorable modifiers. Such as a pair of fast intelligent long living parents birthing a dimwitted slow child who is nervous and flinches. The equivalent of a 0 IV Pokemon, literally trash. With most units living until about 60, the breeding system always feels like it's rushing you to make more inbreed garbage. Instead of elite houses that produce fine soldiers.However, the classes and the way they interact with the breeding system is quite superb. I even find myself becoming sentimental about some of them after they died. In combat or of old age. There are three base classes, a brawler, an archer, and a dude that throws bottles. However, each of these classes have two sub classes that modify the archetypal class in some way. Such as a brawler that can stealth like an archer. ECT. They all seem to be fairly well balanced, now that the game has been released and is no longer supported. Which brings me to the last point.Game balance. Sometimes, it's fun. Sometimes. The game literally cheats. It can cheat by making mobs ""RANDOMLY"" wander right next to your hidden unit. From over in China. Right next to screwedmyplanistan. Sometimes, on some maps your units will be paired off in two groups of two and one all by itself. You can have a maximum of five units in combat. [Aside from special missions.] And getting a spawn that splits up your entire squad is almost like the game has decided that you need units to die turn two. Some times, mobs will spawn all around you instantly seeing you. Then proceeding to fight a very costly battle, clostly for you that is.Modding. The game not only doesn't support modding. It also appears to be written to prevent any modification at all. No community patches to fix game balance, no patches to fix the UI. No way to choose where your units start. Can't even use the soundtrack DLC to make the music loop a few times. No ability to make your own bloodline without the cringy memes. Nothing.All and all. The game is very novel. I enjoy it, and will keep making new saves until I beat it brutal difficulty iron mode. Because I come to try hard or uninstall. I very much think the game needs more polish and feel it's an example of why crowdfunding is awful. That said, if it's five or six bucks. You might enjoy it, I'm recommending it. Even considering the lack of polish.Double fine made my never ever list with this game though. Right there with EA, Paradox, Activision, Warner Brothers, Ubisoft, and that other one. What was it? They make slot machines because games aren't profitable enough?"
76561197970649200,Recommended,246110,13066348,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,danpaladin,"The game is still early access at time of review.  I've completed my first playthrough in ~15-18 hours, I believe.Overall, I really like this game because it provides consistently difficult choices which are only going to last a short while before you have to make even more. I should have restarted once I got the hang of everything because you're semi-pigeonholed once you're up and running with the initial choices - however I won and it was fun seeing how far I could get and seeing what I can do with it all.There's a really big timeline which I believe is ~300 years. The ultimate goal is to hold off the monsters for 300 years until the Chalice can do something epic and cleanse the monsters (the Cadence) forever(?).Any time you need a building/research/item for your people/weapon/armor to be made you can only pick 1 of those things. Often research takes anywhere from 5-20 years and you cannot research anything else during that time. You can only hit the ""fastforward"" button on the timeline and hope nothing bad goes down. Once something occurs the game pauses and you can deal with it, whether it's research or an attack on your lands.You've got heroes from different houses and you appoint a male and female regent & partner so they can create offspring. The templates of their traits and tendencies for stats come together and create children that are then trained to be fighters. Your characters are constantly dying from battle but more often from old age, and you have to continually supply new ones to keep things running smoothly. The big battle here is to make sure you appoint people who are very fertile with good stats so you can supply enough for upkeep. You can sacrifice 7 years to recruit new heroes. Deaths of any kind are permanent in here. It's actually a tad depressing, because I actually found Brad Muir (Thed esigner) as a character and watched him grow old and die.The combat itself is very reminiscent to a partially simplified XCOM which is not a bad thing at all. It provides challenge from the get-go, with enemies that you absolutely do not want to get close (they'll explode, they reduce your XP on hit, or their melee makes you 5 years older every swing), enemies that keep their distance and snipe, or enemies that create other enemies and you're in a mad dash to kill them so the flow of creatures stops.You can save and load throughout your timeline so there's no real pressure if you make a terrible mistake - you can load an older save you'll get an entirely different scenario all together. This is a bit of a player crutch but it's not unwelcomed since I'm 7 hours in and I'm still not through the whole timeline..The art is cool and the UI is fairly basic in a good way. All you really see is the damage spread you'll do and the amount of HP left on the creature. Moving and attacking are fairly simple.Characters in your ranks gain abilities as they level, each one being a ""one or the other"" choice down the chain. I've never gotten down the entire chain before dying of old age, so I don't know what some of them do.The classes are hunter (ranged stealth DEX), caberjack (melee, knockback tank STR), and alchemist (mid-ranged finite amount of bombs being thrown --- honestly this class seems to be a bit weak, I can't find anything very good about it. INT).You deploy up to 5 at a time, and really, less than 5 heroes is often going to be a tough challenge.I just bring hunters and caberjacks due to the types of enemies I've been encountering. I generally don't want them anywhere near me so I just try to snipe them all before they close any ground. I also like using the hunters to go invisible and scout out the territory so I know how I want to set up.  You can lead enemies into traps if you just set up your hunters and have the caberjack as bait.So yeah, totally pleased with my purchase on this one. It's got its kinks, especially if you've appointed characters of different ages offset in such a way that it'll keep stopping you and asking you to appoint people to thrones or roles. Stop, transition animation into building, click on a guy from a list, exit from menu, fastforward on timeline (repeat x5). The kinks, though, especially for an Early Access title are very small and the overall thing has felt solid.And yeah, the art is solid and simple. The environments have breakables/exploding stuff/hazards. It looks good.A word of warning at the time of writing - DO NOT TRY TO WIN THIS GAME.  THE ENDING IS CURRENTLY IN FLUX AND IT WILL MURDER YOUUUUUU.   Check my screenshot to see my experience there  :)"
,Recommended,246110,16285057,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gibberellin,"Your kingdom is dying. The Cadence - a pestilence, an army of monsters, an evil slime mold - is closing in around you. And the only thing you can do is trust in the wisdom of two disembodied advisers talking to you out of a large cup/fountain. They're telling you that the Cadence can be beat. It'll only take three hundred years and men and women of noble blood to fight the good fight.You'll see families turn into dynasties, the clumsy 'slow learner' turn into Lydia 'the Rose' Kendrick, your most formidable alchemist, and all the while, the rotting of your nation will continue. The outer regions will fall and heroes will die. All to the accompaniment of a soundtrack that's appropriately mournful, graphics that are appropriately understated (though I will admit a little more variety in the character models would've gone a long way) and surprisingly engaging voice work.Massive Chalice isn't perfect, and I don't think it holds up well to multiple playthroughs. But as someone who's not particularly good at tactics games, and whose poor decisions early on made even a 'normal' difficulty game really harrowing around the year 150, this game's tone, aesthetic and the actual difficulties I was facing came together in a super memorable way."
76561198061928269,Recommended,246110,12951126,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Almosted852,"Really enjoyable game.  Basic gameplay is similar to X-com but with a fantasy spin.  The innovation comes in the character ""breeding"" and managing your kingdom in the short and long term.  The game is also overflowing with personality - the voices (yes, plural) of the chalice and the banter epitomize this.  If you like kingdom management sims, Xcom-likes, or strategy roguelikes, definitely check this out."
76561198009511511,Recommended,246110,12999516,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,SteinerDog,"In it's current state this game is quite good although a bit short. It took me about 13 hours to beat this game and at the time of completion the ending felt unfinished as it wrapped itself up and just immediately threw me back on the main menu with no cinematic or anything.Now onto early access points of contention in my opinion.Besides that this game need's a difficulty setting really badly. I had almost no problem winning this game with archer's and alchemist's (I lost only 2 people in battle the entire game with one of them being during the final fight).  Which is another thing that need's some work I think, there is basically no reason to use Caberjacks at all. Using caberjacks mean's exposing them to debiliating xp losses and age losses, due to lapses and wrinklers if you don't have the correct items. Their damage is lackluster in comparison to alchemist's and alchemist's also do aoe damage. Hunter's have no problem killing enemies before they even get touched and at level 10 they only get better as the fight drags on. So either the other classes need to be toned down to make the game more difficult or caberjacks need to be buffed and and some difficulty functions into the game. I also only lost one land to Cadence and that was due to one of the random event's (Damn schoolchildren).  I wish the genetics felt more compelling, but at times it felt way too random to control. Same thing for accuracy to a degree - have 95% chance to hit and miss two times in a row like what? 60% chance to hit miss 6 times in a row. The game started slowing down later on during the time skipping periods when it really shouldn't have which is some slight performance issues.After all that criticism I would have to say that I really enjoyed the game. It felt really good to play as someone who loves strategy games like this. With some more polishing this game can be really good and hopefully it receives that attention from doublefine."
76561198034107854,Recommended,246110,16333714,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,WhatDavePlays,"This is the tale of Chris ""Red Hands"" Antony.Red Hands didn't come from a large house, and was an only child. He quickly proved himself a great hunter, and could have easily solo'ed some missions if he wanted. After leading my army for over 40 years, I built a training school, the first of its kind, and retired Red Hands from battle to become a teacher who would soon influence the rest of the nation with his high level and favorable traits. Within a year, news had spread of his new school, and it was then attacked by a large group of monsters with the intention of trying to kill the teacher who had killed so many of their own. I, as King, launched a rescue party to go in and kill the monsters, and Red Hands barely survived, getting down to 1hp at one point in the battle. Several months after the attack, Red Hands came to me and told me of a love child he, which under the law was illegal without the consent of the King. I decided to show mercy on Red Hands, as he was the most famous warrior in all the land. I decided to exhile one parent, and let one live, but I would let the child choose which. The baby girl chose Red Hands, and he had to watch as his lover was escorted away to be exhiled. Unfortunately, the child inherited all its atributes from the mother, and was predestined to be a terrible warrior. Red Hands taught for 12 more years without issue, and died months before his only child old enough to fight in battle.While Red Hands house will probably never rise to power, and more likely will die out when his daughter is married, Chris ""Red Hands"" Antony will always be remembered as the best warrior these lands have ever seen."
,Not Recommended,246110,24255154,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Ben Harris,"Boy, that surefeltlike 300 years."
76561197967540207,Not Recommended,246110,29074812,Posted: 6 January,all,Postmaster,"Making the hero bloodlines was a cool idea but lacked any customization. The game throws a tremendous amount of data, stats, and effects at you, but then goes to immediately show that it all doesn't really matter. The combat was pretty one dimensional and I just didn't come to care about any of it (this reminded me a LOT of banner saga 1, not in a good way). It's basically XCOM very dumbed down with all the real meat and potatoes stripped out. After an hour I just felt like I should go play XCOM instead, so I did.If you want a turn-based strategy where you don't have to think much, and you like medieval themes, this may be for you."
76561198176428203,Not Recommended,246110,20340944,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,reinthal,"This game has no ""Easy"" mode. It has only ""Almost Impossible"", ""Very Nearly Impossible"" and ""Almost Certainly Impossible"" modes (under different names). What were the developers thinking?"
76561197981513624,Recommended,246110,12942354,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Hyper,I havent played much of this game but it is exactly what I would look for in a turn based game and i highly recommend anyone who is a fan of doublefine or even turn based to give this a shot! the way the lineage works its pretty incredible here is hoping they keep adding to it
76561198058747855,Recommended,246110,16835600,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Space Man Chains,X-COM but instead of aliens you fight against umm... monsters? and also you breed humans so ya good game.
,Recommended,246110,17181796,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Falco,"Game is quite fun. Good art, story and fun gameplay.You get to fight in turn-based battles which aren't difficult once you understand your way around. Archers are way better than the other classes, alchemists are only useful for their AOE in a few situations and melee are useless until they get lv 10.I really enjoyed the idea of passing relics and trying to select the best characteristics through bloodlines. Often you see yourself in need of a class or another and when you invest in that one you have a boom the next generation but then you might lack another one.It does get very repetitive, they should have other fun mechanics rather than only this management until battle. Also, the choices you get sometimes seems way too random and often penalize more than help.I recommend this game if you find a 30% sale or more."
76561198080849617,Recommended,246110,16676925,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,mecatxis,Adicting and Original game. I played and enjoted it for several hours. I will replay for sure.
76561197992171864,Not Recommended,246110,20814341,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Docsis,"The game is OK. I have gotten my $3.99 worth. I am very glad I didn't pay full price for it.I just wish there was more to it. The battles become very repetitive.  There just isn't much variety really. You get a few different landscapes, but they are just laid out different each time.You get to build or upgrade something every now and then.The rest is clicking on the clock and watching time pass.... literally.... waiting for an invasion or your building/upgrade to complete.The chalice ""small talk"" gets old... fast.I really like the concept of the game. I just don't think they pulled it off.I am already bored with it after only 5 hours. I guess that comes to a little less than a buck an hour."
,Not Recommended,246110,26520181,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Troll,"Massive Chalice could have been something really good with its interesting and rather unique mechanics.Unfortunately it shoots itself in the foot with its fast pacing and somewhat boring fights.Bloodlines could have been a really nice feature, if not for said pacing making you see it as just a number matching simulator and is hampered by RNG.You can't get attached to your heroes as they die in under an hour of gameplay due to combat, events or simply old age. You can't feel any immersion as the world, while interesting, feels very bland and monotonous.Hero classes are quite limited as you have 3 basic classes, then their descendants who can become a mix of those classes, and while it looks like you may have many classes, it's just a basic mix of skills sets from 2 classes in 1. Range + Alchemist gives a ranged with alchemist tools. What could be a really unique class is just a bad 2 in 1.What is even worse is that if you make a mistake while appointing regents and their spouses, you may lock yourself out of a class until you build more keeps or said regent dies, while you still have the heroes you want to have descent of.For example you may lose access to the pure melee Caberjacks early on if you lose them in fights or don't appoint as the regent to keep the class going.Those are the little things that end up making the game a chore rather than en entertainment.Too bad as it was a really good idea."
,Recommended,246110,16203386,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"Would you like to play the lovechild of Crusader Kings 2 ? I am really enjoying the game, on my 4th playthrough aftre realising that the game actually uses realistic modelling of dominant and recessive genes and ended up with a bunch of nearsighted weaklings because I wasn't choosing breeding partners carefully enough."
76561198040811698,Recommended,246110,16604551,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Darkclaw3050,"Recommended for fans of tactics/RPG games, though I suggest getting it during a sale as it is shorter and not as in-depth as some other games in the genre like XCOM or FFTactics.+Decent variety of character classes/subclasses, abilities, weapons/armor/items, enemies+Voice acting and writing/commentary by characters is well done+Tactical battles require some thoughtful planning and ability use+Several options outside of battles for developing and managing the different territories and bloodlines you choose-Camera in battle isn't very smooth-Relatively short (~10-15hrs) compared to other similar games, overall story is sparse-May not be as approachable for players new to this type of game-Can't grow attached to any particular characters as none will ever remain for all too long"
76561198091223751,Recommended,246110,28282308,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Lord Skrampton,"Initial note: I played this on xbox first and thought it was so good I got it on computer to so that I could play it more conveniently.This is easily one of the best (if not thee best) turn based games on the market and I LOVE turn based games so this is right up my alley with many games as competition.The soundtrack is monumental and moves me every time I play the game. Graphics are above par and the mechanics are flawless. I haven’t experienced a glitch in the entire time I have played.I have generated a strong connection to the families I bring to power and the champions I have brought up since youth. I can remember multiple play-throughs where I personally invested in a child at the age of 10 and then used in combat and then rewarded with a regency and they, in turn, gave me many powerful offspring that made their own stories. Getting invested in characters is very possible and is even more powerful in this game BECAUSE they have such a short lifespan. Ones that stick around and make an impact on your time table really do something to your emotions when they pass. You will remember their contribution.At the end of the game you get a feeling of the journey you have undertaken and your blown away by the horrible reality of the plot. Massive Chalice is one of the few games that gave me a deep emotional connection to the characters and the families that I utilized throughout the game. I bred and built the characters that defeated the end game and what a hard battle that was! Worthy of those that sacrificed their lives!10 of 10 because this game will and IS one of the few that I will play for years and years to come. Everytime I start the game I will fall back in love with that soundtrack and remember the past playthroughs and say ""man, what a good game!"""
76561197972371002,Recommended,246110,17337898,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,TheBrain,"I really enjoyed playing Massive Chalice.  I never felt like the maps got old, and they kept progressing the difficulty at about the proper pace.  I'd recommend it to anyone interested in the turn-based strategy genre.I played on Iron Mode with Normal difficulty and it was my first time playing.  This meant no going back to another save and trying again.  I had to learn the hard way about how some of the skills do and do not work in various situations.  More than one time, I ended up blowing up my own people by hitting the wrong button, but I can't blame the game for my own stupidity.The one con that I see is I don't have a strong desire to go back and play it again.  Because of Iron Mode, I ended up learning while playing, and I don't think the game could recreate that for me now because I have down how most things work."
76561197989858664,Recommended,246110,17405178,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,tommynocker001,"Massive Chalice. The title is too shouty... :)When you think of this game you've got to think the turn based parts of Xcom (why have all these titles got the caps lock glued down?) pelted with a non-sexy episode of Game of Thrones.There is a finite timeline in which to win or loose, a genepool to breed and heroes to watch die in a number of ways...Without realising, in 100 years, I'd bred a family of halfwit hunters and let all the hand-to-hand die out. Oops!Easy to play, difficult to master."
76561198035672312,Recommended,246110,17431891,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,dromedan,"Massive Chalice has some great qualities and some ""less-than-average"" qualities, but I think for its target gamer, its a great game.The Great:The unique part of the game that separates it from the other ""turn-based"" combat strategy games is MC's ""breeder"" system.  You build ""keeps"" and choose an initial two characters with a variety of good and bad traits and they create offspring with similar traits to create a bloodline.  The strategy is to try and breed out the bad traits while influencing the continuation of the good traits.  All the traits have a real effect on the game and all your people die eventually so you need to always be looking at the next generation and beyond.The voice acting in this game was a real win for me.  Usually in games it can get really repetitive and annoying, but this game the parts are quick and relevant and at times humorous.The Average:The combat system feels borrowed from similar games like XCOM and others, not that its bad, just dont expect much innovation there.  Its your basic turn-based combat, each ally and enemy has one move action and one attack action.  You do have the freedom to develop your own strategy based on your preferred play style.  I  particularly enjoyed using the ""Hunter"" classes and move around the board in stealth fashion.The Less-Than-Average:If amazing graphics are your thing you can probably skip Massive Chalice.  What you get is practical but not on par with most games produced these days.The complexity of the game was rather shallow.  There is only a handful of enemy types that get harder as time passes, also there are only three classes although through breeding you can increase that to nineOverall:Massive Chalice is a good game and held my interest to over 50 hours.  The most satisfying thing for me was the breeding system and trying to develop the traits that helped me in combat the most.  I would and have recommended the game to my friends."
76561197962279606,Recommended,246110,16392058,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,hunter-gc,A deep tactical experience and a charming wrapper.  A little bit of x-com with a little bit of game of thrones.  Do yourself a favor and pick this up.
,Recommended,246110,16400437,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ragnarroth,"The bloodline mechanic is one of the most interesting and unique I have encountered so far, definitely worth buying to experience. However, I can't help but feel there are so many missed opportunities that would make this from a good game with little replayability to an amazing game with tons of replayability. This is one of those games which I hope they make a second one, it does lead itself towards that.I have some comments if I may be so bold.1. No family tree at the end was disappointing, I really wanted to see how convoluted and inbred my houses were.2. Cadence weapons and armour seemed pointless, bloodline relics and top armour outperformed, so i never used them. Also, bloodline weapons with special affects like fire, knockback or something would have been nice.3. Would have liked some big boss Cadence to break up the monotony of the standards.4. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s! (The censored word is B_astards, not a rude word, an actual proper term) This game needs ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. these heroes are living their entire lives under threat of death by Cadence, being forced to give up everything and join the Sagewrights because they are clumsy, or being forced into marrying an old timer in a last ditch effort to keep a bloodline going. I think in this situation the heroes would be shagging like nobody's business and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s would be popping up all over the place. Yes there was the standard baby random event but that was ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the kid should have been adopted by a house.5. Kid's classes was too static, so this kid's a rebel but is the same class as everyone else in the family, sounds like a wannabe. Would have liked some randomness in there so that an alchemist and a caber could sometimes have alchemist or caber kids as well as the majority being the fusion.6. More optional missions would have been cool, like attacking a seed hatchery or something to win back some corruption points.*Minor spoilers below*The ending was terribly unfulfilling, the little twist at the end made me really hopeful and think there was going to be a ""New Game +"", where  the Cadence is back and the chalice has been reforged thousands of years later, maybe with the last dregs of your major factions and a bloodline relic or two? But no, it just ends... or they are setting up for MASSIVE CHALICE 2!! In that case then well done, I want it.*Minor spoilers above*If you actually read this then thank you, please make another one!!"
,Recommended,246110,17357220,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,RyanRad,"Massive Chalice reeks of the infectious charm every Double Fine game is known for. Unique classes, graphics, animations, and, best of all, a foundation that takes some of the best genres and mixes them into its own unique brand of gameplay.If you've played XCOM: Enemy Unknown you'll be familiar with the combat in Massive Chalice. You have a team of five that you will take into battle, known as your vanguard. This vanguard will gain power through both leveling up and research done in your base. However, there's much more to the game than that. Your heroes will also learn new abilities to use in battle, creating fun, strategic combinations when utilizing various classes.The story drops you into a war that will last 300 years. During this time, you will be required to manage your heroes' bloodlines through a system of arranged marriage and pairing. The children they create will inherit similar stats, traits, and abilities. They will also get their initial class training from their parents. Once they reach sixteen years of age, they are then deemed fit for combat and are put into your pool of eligible Vanguard, Trainers, or Scholars.As the years pass, you will find yourself losing some of your favorite heroes, only to be replaced by their descendants. If one of those dying heroes performed well enough in battle, he or she will leave behind a family relic: a weapon of great power that gains it's own levels. This relic can then be passed down to others of the same house. This weapon can eventually become a very powerful artifact that will tip the scales of battle in your favor.In addition to managing your bloodlines, you will be asked to make decisions on how to spend your precious time. You may build new buildings in your territories, research new items, weapons, or armor, or you can even spend some time recruiting new heroes or adopting children to be future heroes in order to fill out your roster. As the game time is finite, it is crucial to plan ahead and have a goal to strive for. Keeps are nice, but if you build one without a potential bloodline to propagate, that keep will go unused.One of my favorite parts of Massive Chalice is the fun and witty narration. There are two narrating characters, and their commentary and banter in the background as you wage this 300-year war creates a sense of the world you are defending.You can find more of my ramblings about video games atwww.chatswithrad.com"
,Recommended,246110,22750074,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,SoUnDoLe,"This is such a cool game, I was hooked the whole way through. While enemy types do get repetitive after about the half way point, it feels really rewarding to build up a bloodline - as in games like X-Com, you will be hugely attached to people you take into combat multiple times, and seeing those soldiers age and eventually die is heartbreaking. There's nothing else at the moment doing anything quite like this; it's really worth experiencing. Music is fantastic, the visual style is consistent and appropriate, and while it lacks the strategic depth of say, X-Com, the combat is still satisfying."
,Recommended,246110,28624433,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,joshfishyu [TW],"I enjoy the game. The only complain I have is I don't have many chances to use my heros.In one of my gameplay, I saved a baby by puting him into the chalice and he grew up with very powerful traits, just like a chosen one. But he only participate one mission because he serve his time in a  peaceful time and end up as a standard carrier.I really hope there are more side quest so we can use our heros more. For example, maybe a quest we have to send a scholar with some escorts to collect some specimen in the wild, or a mission that the standard carrier bring some trainee with him/her to learn how to fend off monsters.Overall, I still recommend this game to the people who like turn-based stratrgy games, and it's really cheap now during winter sale!"
,Recommended,246110,27778556,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,KingMob,"Not the most complicated strategy game, but the interlocking pieces of the game make you want to keep going through the next battle, to the next piece of research, to see the next trainee. It never seems to give you too difficult a puzzle but there's enough nuggets of complexity to keep you going."
76561197968652293,Not Recommended,246110,35098664,Posted: 20 September,all,KalRa,"Painfully repetitive and dull, I wish this game were better. Makes you feel like it's better than it is then drops you on your♥♥♥♥♥ I WISH I NEVER STARTED PLAYING THIS GAME, honestly - massive disappointment."
,Recommended,246110,16100309,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Quetzalcoatl,"Started playing and couldn't stop.Here's the breakdown:Graphics (9/10)Loved the blocky look of the units, landscape, and map. It made me think of a stained-glass window come to life and worked very well for a medieval setting. The drastic diffences in the look of armor and weapons (especially the heirloom weapons) added to the unique look of the units.Audio (6/10):While the music was nice and the dialogue was humorous, I found myself listening to the comments of the narrators repeat over and over again early on in the game (about 1/3 of the way through). The voice acting itself was good, though the female actor clearly understood the witty dialogue better.Gameplay (9/10)The best compliment to pay the game is that it is very similar toXCOM: Enemy Unknownin its turn-based combat. The political parts of the game added a lot to the time between battle -- putting emphasis on makin' babies (the more children you have = the more units you have and the more options you have for putting specific people in specific positions of power). Battles gradually got harder as the story neared its 300-year mark, causing new enemy types to appear battle after battle, though I never felt like the game gave me more than I could handle. One issue that I ran into was that I could completely exploit the Alchemist units and by the end of the game could have a squad of fully-upgraded Alchemists who could wipe the floor with their almost OP abilities.Especially since the last mission allows you to continually refill your flasks.Story (7/10)Watching 300 years of a country pass by while I attempted to save it from unknown baddies really emersed me in the world and, although the story is as simple as that, made it feel quite real. Seeing generation after generation of the rulers die out and pass on their legacies made the story unique as it was no about one person or family, but about a country and its survival. Sadly, the ending left me wanting and didn't quite live up to all the work I put into these families. Also, though there were many random events that took place between battles involving non-combat confrontations with the citizens of the country, I felt like there could have been many more of them than I experianced.Replayability (7/10)Getting to choose what families ruled the country gave the game some replayability (especially if you choose the humorous name option), just so you can see what names might come up (one of my proudest warriors was named Slippy Goatbone). Spec'ing out your units in different ways allows you to play the game differently at least few times, emphasizing certain units, skills, or research in order to try out different strategies.The way the game ends makes me think that a second playthrough might have some different dialogue from the main characters, although I haven't started my second playthrough yet.Total: 7.6/10MASSIVE CHALICE Main WebsiteMASSIVE CHALICE Wiki"
76561198003778881,Not Recommended,246110,12964362,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Poontash,"3 classes, 3 buildings and a massive grind. Not enough to warrant one play through, never mind the multiple they recommend."
76561198034797553,Recommended,246110,13739103,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,7level-up7,"As a fan of XCOM I was very exited when this game got funded on kickstarter, I only realised a few days ago that the game was actually available for download. I've played the crap out of it over the last few days and I've got to say for the most part I've really enjoyed it.The presentation and style of the game is great, it looks beautiful and has a quirky sense of humor. The character classes are distinct but lacking, as there are only three. Caberjack (melee), Hunter (ranged), and Alchemist (mix of both), although this is set to change with an upcoming patch which will allow players to mix classes. The gameplay is fun, although it did begin to feel a little repetitive by the end of the game. I really enjoyed the bloodlines aspect of the game which gave you the chance to marry different heroes with the hope of creating offspring with the best traits of their parents (this was a little tricky but very enjoyable when done right). If your heroes went through several grueling battles and distinguished themselves there was the chance that their weapon would become an heirloom, basically a special weapon that leveled up over the campaign.One of my favourite moments in the game came when a young alchemist named Seargent Ra became my first level 6 character after two battles. With his amazing stats I decided to name Seargent as the next reagent of the house Ra, now Standard had the ‘bountiful’ trait, allowing him to basically have kids in litters. The guy ended up having nine kids and established the Ra lineage as the dominant family in my game. That wasn’t enough for Seargent, when the magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ died he left his weapon behind which became the first heirloom in my game. Two of his ancestors fought in my final battle many generations later, one of them carrying his weapon, the ‘Inevitable’. This is exactly why I bought this game, I wanted a story behind my heroes, I wanted to feel this connection to the characters. The main issue I had that it did get repetitive by end game and I didn’t have as much of a connection with the heroes as I originally did. However I still enjoyed the experience.On the whole this is still very much a work in progress but I’ve really enjoyed it so far."
76561198090796792,Recommended,246110,13001400,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,StrongPillow,"If you are new to strategy games and turned based fighting I think this is a nice game to start with. Right now it is really 'simple' in terms of the turn based fights so your not overwhelmed. My favorite part is trying to create the perfect bloodline. It is a great mechanic that does add a ton of depth, while mostly random it is still fun, and frusterating when you literally start out with nothing but weak, slow, and stupid heros.It has a way to go before it feels like an epic but it is fun for quick bouts. It has a mobile game feel. I hope it won't turn out to be that and does become a deep, varied, and epic adventure because the foundation is here."
,Recommended,246110,12948625,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Nave,"A solid game with lengthy gameplay.  Be prepared to lose a lot of heroes, but it is all for the greater good.  A cool bloodline mechanic allowing you to breed the elite if done corretly. For Early Access 9/10"
76561197977435874,Recommended,246110,16123399,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,justhuman,"Love this game! Feels very similar to the recent XCom game while still having its own unique qualities and features. I would definitely recommend it. Though, your characters aging hurts a lot because your favorites only get to fight in so many battles until they become old :( it adds to the pain of losing characters on the field normally"
,Not Recommended,246110,13168670,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,CyrusDrake,"Early Access Review: I don't see how this game can change a whole lot to make a vast improvement, which it really needs. If you've ever played X-COM, it's hard to play a dumbed down version of that. Massive Chalice has some really awesome concepts that work better on paper. You get to create several generations of blood and name that will go on for as long as you can keep them alive. They may have some weaknesses and strengths, and many of these can carry on for a couple hundred years. This can be alcoholism, higher HP, lower evasion, better aging, lower lifespan, better stealth, etc. The list goes on and I probably only got to play with a third of what's out there. The important thing is, once you find a strong bloodline, you stick with it and make it stronger. Sounds pretty cool, right?Well, unfortunately, there's not a whole lot else here. As time goes on, your birthing choices mean less and less and eventually you just want to get the game over with. The combat is challenging, but not complicated enough. You only have so much to work with, and it's not even 1/10th as intricate as X-COM. There's some fun concepts here like trying to plan your means of attack and stealthing in unseen on a group of 10 enemies. But it all starts to become fodder to a point. You get to saying ""here we go again..."" and finish it like you had the other 20 battles before it. So I just don't see how this game can be greatly improved on full release. I completed it with an emptiness to fill and hope the best for it. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough for me. I recommend getting this on a massive sale if you REALLY need to play this type of game."
76561197990190574,Recommended,246110,12985791,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ransom777,"This game is like a late night hook-up.  Hard to look at but a pretty good lay.I just hate the art direction, don't like the classes (can a warrior just be a warrior), But, its a solid game.  The enemys also look ridiculous but once again their abilities are a geniunely scary.Fun game, art direction thinks its hipper then it is."
,Recommended,246110,16816259,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,It's meh.Good artstyle.I wish it had more probable incest
76561198004621069,Not Recommended,246110,14508382,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,jaahav,"The games difficulty is intense, even somewhat ridiculous. The seemingly insurmountable odds stacked against (any non-hardcore) player seem challenging at first, but quickly become either annoyingly time-consuming (with save scumming) or off-puttingly random (with ironman mode) with its difficulty spikes. Making ""easy"" the only difficulty that fits a player that's not 100% committed always feels condescending. If the game was otherwise a complete gem, this could be forgiven. Unfortunately, it is not.The battles and environments are quirky and fun to look at for a while, but quickly wear out their appeal; it's obvious the art style is just a thin smokescreen for hiding sub-par, lazy graphics design.The game's lack of variety in difficulty, graphics and strategic content, lack of polish and the baffling decision to let people to create shoddy and very unfunny custom content in the form of Bloodlines (character descriptions/battle dialogue) just leaves an impression that the game's creators don't really want to make the effort to produce high-quality content.The Bloodlines, rife with bad jokes and knockoff GoT quotes, are a testament to the game's shortcomings; the developers have made no effort (yet) to polish the player-created content, but also did not include an option to disable said amateur garbage. It's like a comic book that's sold as the work of a professional comics studio but all the pages are mostly colored in by unpaid and inept first graders.At it's current stage, MASSIVE CHALICE seems to be a brilliant concept that's gotten trashed by a lazy, unrefined design process."
76561198030424614,Recommended,246110,16128204,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BeelzeBubs[FFC],"Good game. Interesting, if few, hero classes. Gameplay is just complex enough to make you think, but not enough to overwhelm. I like that you aren't locked into a turn order; you choose when your heroes move/act, and you don't have to skip any hero's turn if you don't want to. UI is simple and easy to use. Interesting graphical style. Humor-speckled dialogue. Good price."
76561198047740091,Not Recommended,246110,14549465,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,AeroFunk80,"This game seemed like a game I was going to love. I am a huge fan of tactical, turn-based combat games. XCom is one of my favorite games. However, this game lacks a lot of contents I'd expect from a game like this:TACTICAL COMBAT:It's just plain boring. Your heros gain skills as they level, but the combat itself is lacking. By the time I reached my third invasion by the Cadence (enemy plant race), I was just tired of it. Each combat scenerio is the same and very repeatative, and you lack a variety of classes and specializations to keep it interesting.BLOODLINE/BIRTHING:This is probably the only interest thing about this game. You assign a regent to a territory and marry them off to someone. Based on their fertility and skills, they'll give birth to a lot of children that pick up some of their traits. You have to be careful not to pair up two people with horrible traits, or you risk a good deal of horrible warriors being birthed.CUSTOMIZATION:Practically NONE. What I love about XCom is the fact you get to customize each of your soldiers. You choose their hair, face, voice, what they wear and even give them first, last and nicknames. Massive Chalice only allows you to change your hero's armor and weapon... and that's even limited. For me--customizing my characters is not only extremely entertaining, but it emotionally invests me in those characters and when they die in battle... I actually care.KINGDOM BUILDING:Yep. Boring. I imagined having an entire kingdom to build things like blacksmiths, guilds, research towers, etc. Nope. You  build keeps to fill a territory and assign a regent, and then you just wait around to birth children to fill your army once they reach the age of 15. You can also research something, but you can only research one thing at  time. And constructing buildings, for some reason, is considered research. Instead of having several different areas to work on multiple projects (building, researching, crafting) you literally can only do ONE thing at a time. And you wait. And wait. AND WAIT some more for something interesting to happen.OVERALL:Yes. It's an Early Access Game, but based on what's in the game right now... there's not much going to change. The core mechanics are there, and they're lacking. If you enjoy tactical, turn-based combat games... buy XCom: Enemy Unknown. You can get the main game and all expansions for the same price as this game. Plus--XCom is a top-notched game with a ton of content, customization, intenst tactical combat and a great storyline."
76561198007272967,Recommended,246110,15838854,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,nicolcm,"I typically never recommend games on Steam. But there is something about this game I really love. I actually find the combat quite fun, only thing that kind of frustrates me is wrinklers (but they are not over powered). There are 3 basic classes, which can create 9 different classes (based on the pairing and the dominant traits). I wish there were a bit more classess and research trees, buts its still in early access."
76561198007209535,Not Recommended,246110,14136986,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Darth Chocula,"Pros:Interesting graphicsCreative mechanic regarding 'genetic' legacyRandom text choicesStock music is goodMeh:trollish enemies (exp drain, shielding, aoe)small maps w/ no heightno ability to flee maps without total wipeCons:Very limited number of models (esp. clone enemies)dumb aivery limited character dev due to limited lifespanBattles force player to stun-lock or die, or have ranged dominance  (aka one trick win)Core classes rapidly vanish if not metagaming (aka breeding must be conducted in an inflecible way to retain all options)"
,Not Recommended,246110,16225911,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,video games are art,"The combat system for this game was dumber than my autistic neigbor. The R&D was fine with an interesting bloodline concept, but who the hell makes a top down strategy game without cover, flanking, or anything actually important?If you want a game where you don't need to think and the best bloodline is decided based on how much damage you can pump out, get this game. If you have more than two brain cells and the right number of chromosomes, get XCOM.Massive Chalice has a good concept and a chance to be interesting, but it botches that with a combat system that essentially makes the game unplayable. Get XCOM. Not this. Massive chalice = sad, small chalice that doesnt have much depth or playability."
76561197997180428,Recommended,246110,17568155,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Pellefant,"An underrated gem. Well worth playing if you are into tactical turnbased games.Pros:- nice mix of XCom-like battles and ""bloodline sim""- plenty of tactical decisions to be made both in and out of battle- varied units that all feel unique- varied battlegrounds keep it interesting- good gfx- plays perfectly with a controller- supports 3440x1440 resolutionCons:- none found yet"
76561198054857521,Not Recommended,246110,22670378,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,pantango,"The reson I dont recommend this game it´s because, although it has great voice acting, it´s just not immersive for the player. I compare this game to Banner Saga, as it´s pretty much the same mechanic. And BS was just way better, with an intresting story and awesome characters and hard choices that matters.Still, awesome graphics, great voices and well... not much else."
76561198039512971,Recommended,246110,17461686,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Evexis,this is a very good game but if you dont like this genre you wont like this game.This is not fast pacedthis is not about reaction time/speedthis does not hold your handyou will learn from experience and failure
76561198149259371,Recommended,246110,28636349,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Le Prophète MtF,This is a  good game to play casual and relaxe
,Not Recommended,246110,21357223,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,mattjpwns,"Shallow, and none of the individual parts are done especially well. Every single mission is ""wipe out the enemy"". The classes are dull and unimaginative. The ""world/dynasty"" building layer is uninteresting.Basically, DF bit off more than they could chew and ditched support for the game when it was clear no one else was buying into it - so I'm glad I held off and picked this up when it was 80% off. It's a shame, because the concept is a really interesting one - but DF of late appear to be going the ""grab money, make something, doesn't matter if it's actually any good because it's not our money and we can't be held accountable unlike traditional publishing methods"" route."
76561198047652849,Recommended,246110,19456205,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,*****play,"Great game. Not perfect and some strange design decisions, but a lot of fun. Recommended."
,Recommended,246110,22462089,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Petr0nella,"I originally got this free on xbox, and enjoyed it so much that I got it for my laptop too. It's simple, but addictive, and very replayable, which is good because I've yet to reach the 300 year goal."
,Not Recommended,246110,20720017,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,explosion sauce,this game sucks
,Recommended,246110,15824921,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Chicken Hunter,"I've not played in a while, but when I did the enemy damage went up so fast that I couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥against them, I managed to get the improved armor but that only stopped them from killing my soldiers in one attack."
,Recommended,246110,17623627,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,dnorris94,good game but there is no replay value at all with this game its fun for a rts when u start then u lose interest because you do the same repetitive time skip and alot of the time u dont gain anything useful from the time .would i say buy this game yes and no. yes if on sale like i did or buy off kingun and no for 20 dollars
76561198029255780,Recommended,246110,20670383,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,vasavan,"Very fun game.  A play feel similar to xcom, but lighter and easier, and generally frustation free (party wipe via self grenading being the exception).  The generational lineage mechanic is a very cool concept, and it doesn't take much to start feeling emotional investment in the various families and bloodlines.  Much in the way of replayability.  Solid recommend for a light turn based tactical."
76561198017009649,Recommended,246110,17700612,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ArmyOfOz,"Mix the new Xcom and the origonal Playstation Final Fantasy tactics.  This is easily the least frustrating turn based tactical squad game I've ever played.It's fun, it's easy to play, it has depth of tactics and requires some thinking and planning.Play it."
76561197973966207,Not Recommended,246110,17262089,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Sandt,"Cool concept, but too repetitive and nothing is significant."
76561198039384031,Not Recommended,246110,17399060,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Damien Black,"A great idea, but combat ends up being too thin. More classes and stratedgy would really improve this."
,Recommended,246110,26516632,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,~FaZzzZZZZzY.Esportpool.com,Got a newborn baby boy raised him just to be a lonewolf and drunker Brewtalist...Send him into battlefield ...just to kill the entire team one by one by keep missing the target.Made him into a regent...Just to raise more badass drunker....10/10Would drunk again...
76561198067749777,Recommended,246110,18430548,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Altoidmintz,8/10 super duper. buy it.
76561198071246566,Recommended,246110,30366855,Posted: 6 March,all,AceTheOutcast,"underwhelming ending and gets a bit repititive after a while, but I ended up enjoying myself"
76561198168061810,Recommended,246110,18009530,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,jhickey18,"hell yeah. if arranged marriages intrigues you. get this game. no really, it was the most fun thing about this game from my pov. starting a family with a weak whiny cadence burger, into a full blown warrior tribe of awesomeness. the game play is also fun too, see x-com, but with a medieval twist, also you actually hit your shots, how amazing!. theres research and random events to keep you busy in between attacks. also your heroes will constantly die, but there's homegrown  fresh blood to replace them. note, you cannot name characters and houses if that's a big thing to you,(it reallly shouldn't be you whiny spitbag)it doesn't affect me at all. i found myself growing close to some of my houses, who had grown to formidable strength. individuals do sometimes get lost in the shuffle, but the true heroes that are called upon every time there's an attack are sorely missed upon their death. and sometimes they pass down their weapon to a family member, which is cool. in my current run i'm at year 250ish and i dont really feel like finishing,i most likely will, but i'd rather restart, i feel the strong parts of the game are the begginning up to the midlate. its starting to get stale( i feel there's no more strategy to the research part, i'm just randomly assigning research at this point, maybe a higher difficulty is in order?, and the game overall is getting kinda grindish(repetitive)(my whole kingdom was basically decked out by year 180 probably), but starting over should remove that feeling. buy this game you won't be disappointed. but you should wait for a sale, i got it for 8 bucks. i would've been pleased even if i paid 20, but i know others people won't be."
76561198083976288,Recommended,246110,21039069,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Trouncely,This game is just delightful in every way. I find it hard to put down.
76561197975765586,Not Recommended,246110,21245470,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Lagomorph,Cool concept.Shallow execution.
,Recommended,246110,17883544,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Duvi - the legendary poochyena,"One of my new all-time favorite games, and my all-time favorite strategy game. Please, buy this game."
,Recommended,246110,17911322,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,MrJackdaw,"15.1 Hours in and I've finished the game on ""Normal"". Will I play it again? Maybe in a couple of years. Was it work the £6?Well, I enjoyed the combat system, and the tactical world play was interesting. However, the end was a little disappointing.Worth playing, but not amazing. Solid average game!"
76561198030945055,Recommended,246110,17925571,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fuzzy_Slipperz,"Refreshing and fun little game.The limited size and enclosing deadline gives a sense of urgency.The combat is basic, and feels unbalancedExample, no overwatch and the hunter/veil armour combo that goes through everything like a knife through butter.However despite it's shortcomings it somehow manages to convey ""the back to the wall"" and ""your choices matter"" feeling.For 8 euro's one of the better games I've bought, however, it feels like it could have been much more."
,Recommended,246110,18167936,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Psychotron7X2,Great game. It's XCOM meets Civilization. Takes a little while to get the hang of things but I find it very fun. I love building a kingdom and picking which people to marry and reproduce to build my armies. Very underrated game.
76561198054965255,Recommended,246110,19557179,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Logan For Real This Time,an excellent grid based strategy game reminiscient of fire emblem but with a better breeding system and more realism. The game is both challenging and entertaining with tons of replayablility.
,Not Recommended,246110,16717759,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,๖ۣۜThtb,"Simple, unfullfilling and without any of the intresting ideas fully played out, choices are mostly abritary and there is no connection to be build with chracters or even blood-line. It's rare to use any hero more then once/twice before they die of old age anyway, leaving you without any clear growth/rewards/connection.Would refund if I could."
76561197967911132,Not Recommended,246110,16735465,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,opportunity,"20 minutes in and I'm already giving up.  Framerate was awful... maybe 15 fps on a new Mac.  Tutorial said I could hit the [End] key to perform an action but this is a Mac and it does not have an [End] key; their QA team should have caught that.  I tried dialing back the video settings to get better fps but even at the lowest settings the framerate was still lame.  So I clicked [Reset] to restore the defaults but when I clicked [Apply] nothing happened; I had to restart the game again to apply the settings.  They seem to have implemented their own proprietary keyboard driver which basically ignores my OS settings where I just tap the touchpad to perform a click... with this game I actually have to depress the trackpad hard to do a basic left click.  Maybe this game is good but after so many annoying and preventable issues so early on, I'm cutting my losses and moving on."
,Not Recommended,246110,16882315,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,iceph03nix,"So if you're looking for a version of XCOM as I was from other reviews, you may be a bit disappointed.  I like the idea of the game spanning numerous generations, but in practice, it just meant that my heroes never lived long enough to fight more than a couple battles."
,Not Recommended,246110,17034556,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,DoubleT,"Game is fun in the beginning, getting boring pretty quickly in the early mid-game, until you reach the end - the worst game final fight experience ever. Boring, stupid ""stand your ground, more masses of monsters will arrive""-action that is no fun at all.It's interesting to have a quite new kind of gameplay first. Many decisions, good tutorial, pretty complex.But with the game proceeding, things start to get annoying, like all these dying people you have to replace every second.And all that just to reach the biggest disappointment in game's ""final boss fight"" history.Overall: Nice idea, nice try, but this one isn't the one."
76561198119319559,Not Recommended,246110,17899843,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,chris.so22,boring
76561198035450493,Not Recommended,246110,17865633,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,JII,"I took the bait but regret this one majorly. It was a weak experience considering they used the XCOM engine. It felt slow and not satisfying, the effects stunk and were not very atmospheric. The entire art direction felt weak, purposely flat but completely not interesting none the less."
76561198038413550,Not Recommended,246110,17971691,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Stormin,"This game is very limited and honestly disapointing.  I paid 8 dollars for it and feel like that was way too much.  There are only an dozen or so maps, 3 main classes of heros, and you basicly fight the same battle over and over and over and over again.  One or two battles are fun but you find yourself just wanting to beat the game so you do not have to play it any more.  I would term this as a not fun, limited version of XCOM."
,Not Recommended,246110,20731835,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mustang,"With similar gameplay, prefer X-COM"
76561197977305479,Not Recommended,246110,21060813,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,gas.gas,"Ive been interested in this title since release but waited to be less expensive as ive read it was not offering a great experience, at this point i decided to get it, and i can agree.. its easy to see that this game is quite a miss.It offers interesting ideas but poorly implemented,First of all the strategy involved is very poor and limited, playing this makes me want to return to jagged alliance 1.13 or xcom...Another cons is the UI in the main screen, evrything is presented in a manner not suitable to easily check and compare stats and heroes.There are tons of strategy games out there more fun,  engaging or satisfiing at same or even less price."
76561198142454765,Not Recommended,246110,22958725,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,CommunistBot1000,"Repetitive gameplay, horribly overpriced and a bland (non-existant) story. You pay too much money for too little content"
,Recommended,246110,34136850,Posted: 9 August,all,King_Of_Cool,"This is a turn base game like any other. Although it does feel repetitive, it is still a fun game to play through once if you like TBS games, but ONLY pick it up if it is on sale.6/10 if not on sale.7/10 if it is on sale."
,Recommended,246110,33897818,Posted: 29 July,all,stmpnkcircus,A fairly limited strategy/management game yet also fairly challenging. Luck plays a lot into gameplay meaning you can do all the right things and end up screwing yourself up a lot. Very frustrating.
,Recommended,246110,23973400,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Bluepixie,"I was enraptured by this world and it's peoples struggle from start to finish, also it has bee bombs. Enough said?"
,Recommended,246110,26611851,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,theWorstTerry,"XCOM meets Game of Thrones, or something. I don't know, it's fun tho.People seem to be getting hung up on their heros dieing off so quick, but they're missing the point. You have a guy you've leved a bunch and are super into him? Breed the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! The game is about bloodlines and breeding badasses to breed more badasses, not individual heros. This is part of the game, this is what you bought. complaining about the mechanic is like buying Battlefeild 1 and complaing that people keep shooting you."
76561198002986618,Recommended,246110,23864579,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,TheSilentDuck90,Interesting game with a good concept. I'm just bad at it.
76561198031360009,Recommended,246110,20510834,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,"Better than I expected with all the negative reviews.  I've finished once pretty much, and may even take a second go at it."
76561198076429618,Recommended,246110,20951502,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Papapapapapapapapapapapapapapapa,"Great game, i bought it by about 4€. 20€ is a bit expensive."
76561198011749750,Recommended,246110,20994331,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Abradolf Lincler,Can be quite randomIt is no XCOMAnd I miss going for cover ... so ... muchBUTIn spite of all of its flaws. Its still so much fun.
76561197993894575,Not Recommended,246110,28918962,Posted: 1 January,all,bumbaclad,Most uninspired game I quite possibly ever played. I could forgive the very little spent on interesting art variety if the game was not so dreadfully boring. I’m trying to finish at least one whole game of it but I don’t think I could without taking naps. I would definitely have refunded it if I spent over 2 dollars.
,Not Recommended,246110,33326708,Posted: 6 July,all,Schwack,"Unfortunately, this game fails to launch for me. It looks to be a fairly common problem with no consistent solution. Considering the price, I'm not heartbroken, but I'm disappointed I won't get to try out what looks like a really fun game."
76561198007823029,Not Recommended,246110,28917205,Posted: 1 January,all,Cymric,"The interesting part about this game is that you are suppose to manage bloodlines, breed desirable traits and weed out bad traits. The problem with the game is that you never get the feeling that a blood line is distinctive, like for example most heros from this blood line has high strength but are sickly and prone to die early.The reason is because, within a few generations the bloodline's trait might change wildly into something completely different from the start. Although this means that it is easy to get rid of bad traits, it means that those bad traits keep coming back. It also means that good traits does not stick and you are left hoping that RNG favours you and generate children who have the good traits but not the bad ones. Every generation you must play this RNG again and sooner or later you are going to lose and drop back to square one.What they should have done is instead of having binary on/off states for the traits, the traits should be a gradient. For example the quick study and slow learner traits should be combines into a single trait that give +/- exp modifier. Every children will inherit a slightly different modifier. Small changes should be more common than large changes so that you cannot breed good learning within a few generations. At the sametime you can't lose it easily in a single generation if the RNG goes against you.The game fails at its most unique aspect, which is a shame because with some tweaks it could have worked much better."
76561198057341245,Recommended,246110,20734200,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,srsteyvy,did I just marry a 64 year old creep with mutton chops to a 1 year old baby girl?!
76561197978035743,Recommended,246110,20545334,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,TungstenPirate,Fantastic turn-based tactical combat game with engaging structure surrounding the combat encounters.  An instant favourite!
76561198025198203,Recommended,246110,20961480,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Charlemagne,Good game
,Recommended,246110,30652279,Posted: 21 March,all,Wamparius,Pretty much game of thrones. You can't go wrong.
,Recommended,246110,26405519,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[Exitium],Put powerful people in a castle for a few years and they make strong babies.
76561198041143791,Recommended,246110,29736250,Posted: 5 February,all,uuang,It's pretty good. It's an extremely well presented XCom-light. The problem comes from the lack of true variety to match the game's scale. This as been explained by every other review though. Overall good and worth $5-$10.
76561197973801195,Recommended,246110,25259338,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[Acumen] CaptN3mo,"The game:Massive Chalice is an event driven quasi turn based tactical battle game (see description below ^.^) with resource management in form of generation spanning unit spawning, time and kingdom management (wow!) that features a “massive chalice” (no spoilers here – you will find out soon enough) and also a mysterious enemy force calledthe “cadence”:The tactical battle part of the game is straight forward: different unit and enemy types, units progress via experience points (xp) and earn different skills. Your basic Seek & Destroy gameplay with developing units.BUT! Your units (heroes from different families) can die of old age, you can let them get married to transfer parts of their characteristics to daughters and sons [thus creating new units (and new types of units) or transfer specialized skills and traits (also the bad ones) to your offspring]. Or you can let them do research to use the knowledge they gained in all those years fighting the enemy. So not so basic after all!Each time an event occurs, e.g. birth, death, attack, research, building – That is basically a turn in the turn-based tactical part of the game, but it may be 2 years or 20 years in between – you can react to said event with new building orders, arranging marriage for two of your hero_ines or change the direction of your research.What happens during the game is this: You start your kingdom with different families. Each family is providing the kingdom with fighters which in turn can create offspring. The different heroes at your disposal come with a wide variety of bonus skills and also with a bit of bad genes / upbringing. Some are anxious and easily panicked, others like to see the bottom of a wine bottle a little too often and similar traits that definitely won´t help in a fight. Some are courageous, noble, fast, and strong. So there is some help after all!You have to choose what role each hero is going to play, for the future of the kingdom. It can be a fighting role, a researching scribe, a healthy marriage with another member of your growing royal family (or should I say clan?). Or you may be unlucky and loose one of yours to a disease or some other unhealthy random event.When it comes to battles with the enemy you get a randomly generated battlefield. In the confinements of those areas, which differ in size and setup, you have to defeat the enemy utilizing your unit’s skills and your own tactical prowess.Look and feel and sound:The game has a clunky looking graphics style, which fits perfectly. The game is not about looks, it is about a fully voicedChalicethat sort of gives the game its name. It is aboutsilly!family names and lot of (failed?) attempts at saving your kingdom from the enemy, from plagues, from old age and from general uselessness.Captains Orders:The game is an absolute blast to play! I totally enjoyed the easy to pickup fighting parts and I liked the kingdom planning even more. It is not an in-depth tactical monstrosity like for example x-com, don´t let the similar mechanics in battle fool you. It is a game for some short and fun tactical sessions. You can easily pick up your kingdom in the middle of its pride after having had a few days off, playing something else. Go grab it – if you like tactical battles mixed with kingdom management in an atmospheric game that has a charm of its own! And did i mentionsilly!random names?Verdict:Treasure! Will be massively featured onLand Ho! with Captn3mo"
,Recommended,246110,13129910,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Questionable Intent,"My original review did not recommend the game due to lack of content in early access. Since then they've added upgraded enemy types, new graphics for relics, and most importantly the subclasses. Also a few new tactical maps. That's enough for me to say I can recommend the game, a solid buy with some replayability."
,Recommended,246110,25448109,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Gold Geo,"Fun game. The concept is really quite cool, but with the occassional bit of combat being the only real test it quickly becomes repetitive and somewhat dry as you simply watch an unmoving map and wait for the years to go by.Probably only worth a play through once, but it's worth picking up if you like a team building turn based strategy game!"
,Recommended,246110,25442680,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RaLoS13,ระบบเกมดี โดยเฉพาะการวางตำแหน่งและบทบาทของตัวละครที่กว้างมาก เพราะส่งผลถึงรุ่นลูกรุ่นหลานเลยทีเดียว
76561198083933901,Recommended,246110,20772619,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Finalfate129,"Really good game! Obvious XCOM clone with fantasy setting and more diverse team builds (3 weapons, 9 classes). Despite said diversity, I believe this game shines in the overview setting versus XCOM which I believe is most enjoyable during combat.Ending the unavoidable XCOM comparisons there, one flaw in the ""effect"" of this game is that while it encourages the player to grow attached to his heroes, heroes generally only live for 3-4 battles before dying of natural causes, which leads me personally to give a shrug when one of them dies in combat, thinking they may not have made it to the next battle anyway.Having to choose between breeding a character, using it in combat, or having it train others feels great, and they even have a trash bin to put bad trait rolls into use in the form of research accelerating guilds.Having made it to year 240 (and counting) of his majesty Finalfate in my first playthrough, I feel ready and glad to recommend this game at even the full $20 mark. I would choose this game over XCOM: Enemy Within almost every time."
76561198030978104,Recommended,246110,12970875,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"This is not a carbon copy of XCOM, it's more like inspired by XCOM, as well as much more difficult. The main thing this game has in common with XCOM is the combat mechanics and permadeath and these are not bad game mechanics so I believe it's acceptable. Every choice matters and your soldiers (named Heroes) WILL die and you will have to accept this. I love this game but not because of its combat, (which is very light strategy and needs some fine tuning to be satisfactory) but because of everything outside of combat. You rule a kingdom and control when time starts and stops. Time means everything in this game, as well as the age, experience, fertility, and traits of your heroes. Even some enemy designs revolve around these subjects, a type of enemy can cause you to lose experience, or make you older by 5 to 10 years, or even make you sterile. Your people WILL die on the battle field. Accept it. The artstyle is fantastic and the gameplay outside of combat is very intriguing and interesting. Now for the enemy types, the only thing I have a problem with is how powerful the enemies are. I don't mind a challenge but I believe some tweaks would improve their combat mechanics, such as for example, the Lapses who when hit a hero they drain experience, the amount of experience should dialed down. Also the variability of hit success can be infuriating at times, (f.e. 87% chance to land a successful hit and misses can be very  frustrating.) This game is a work in progress for sure, however despite it's flaws it is well worth the price and extremely fun, satisfying, and very challenging. 9.5/10! In case you don't think this review is helpful because I may be confusing in how I feel about this game, it's worth the money if you enjoy strategy games like XCOM. If you don't enjoy those types of games then you won't enjoy this one. Simple as that. For thirty bucks though this is worth it."
76561198116866397,Recommended,246110,12920524,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,edmek55555,"So long story short, this is an amazing squad based tactical game with some awesome decision making/advanced planning thrown in. However if you arent convinced, here are some pros and cons1. Awesome tactical combat once you get the hang of it2. A good mix of humorous and serious tones3. Gorgeous art style.4. Challenging but rewarding leveling5. Great difficulty, challenging but never unfair6. Character breeding. Take two characters together, make a keep, slap them together, and boom! Warrior baby! or lowly peasant baby, all depends really.7.Ability to research different upgrades, buildings, and character skills for different play styles8. passing of weapons of fallen heroes9. The story plays over 300 years so you have to plan in advanced to get good heroes that were created due to the hard work of their ancestors who you controlled in battle leading to a lineage of heroes.10. Random events occur as time passes and you get to pick the result, each with its own consequencesAll is not perfect however. There are a few drawbacks1. Only 3 classes2. Not too many abilities for each class3. The tutorial is a bit convoluted. It confused me more than it should have. It plays like all other tactical games but you wouldnt know by the diagram they throw at you.4. Not a lot to reasearch5. A lack of options in most areas. There are a few but not nearly enough"
,Recommended,246110,12915633,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Non Burgundy,"Ok, so I'm already 7 hours into this game according to steam, and I bought it yesterday. (wha... how'd that happen?)I am REALLY digging this game. The spirit of the game has the right amount of snarkiness / playfullness and is completely unforgiving (in a good way). I highly recommend giving this game a shot - it already feels finished enough that you can do a solid, fun playthrough- and I expect it will only improve as we get closer to a 1.0 release.I'm playing this on an incredibly outdated (mid 2011) macbook air, so the settings are cranked WAYYY down, but I have to say that even on the lowest settings the game is both playable and INTERESTING TO LOOK AT! I have a better computer that I haven't had a chance to download it on (it's my DOTA2 box that sits at my friends house) but I'll be doing that for sure the first chance I get - I hear the art direction is really amazing and it shines through even on crappy settings."
76561198046524119,Recommended,246110,16538054,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Artaxarta,"Massive Chalice combines aspects of tactical squad-based games like XCOM with a eugenics simulator to create a pretty unique strategy experience. Broadly speaking, the game divides into two distinct segments: the ""grand"" strategy map, where you'll mostly make choices with regards to things like what to research, who to marry to whom, how to react to certain events etc., which are interrupted by enemy attacks in the tactical maps, which play out very similarly to XCOM missions if without quite as much detail or tactical flexibility.There are some genuinely intriguing design decisions here - marrying off heroes of two separate classes will create hybrid classes, opening up new options in the tactical maps. High-level heroes will leave behind heirlooms when they die, letting their legacy live on through those relics (which can also be levelled). The Cadence (the evil guys) will always attack more than one region at a time, leaving you to make broader strategic choices as to how to defend your territory with the ultimate aim of surviving for the 350 or so years the game spans.The graphics are charming, albeit simplistic. They do fit the theme of the game, which is light-hearted and fun. That doesn't mean it's a simple game; it's just simple to get into. The controls are easy to pick up, but it's the broader context of the game that's harder to master. Building lasting bloodlines, ensuring a sufficient diversity of hero classes through shrewd marriages and the like...all the while cheering for the battlefield victories of individual heroes you'll come to know, love and mourn as they pass. RIP SpaceJesus Doodlebats, gone but never forgotten."
76561198014229134,Not Recommended,246110,16335248,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Dorok,"The game has great combats but there's also many weaknesses in the design of the global management mainly, plus many design choices of the global management that I don't like.The main negative points that are more or less objectives:- The UI looks cool and is ok for combats, but overall it is rather weak on many points because of a bad ""ease of use"" design, like bizarre cumbersome lists, inability to check keeps during events or during some other actions, lack of switch tool like see next hero detail or see next keep detail, many more. You'll get more or less used to it, but it's still a rather weak point except in combat where it could be improved but it is ok overall.- There's a lot of random spread into the global management but they are too much pure random, much more procedurally generated random could only be much better.- There's too many rules or effects not explained, it's a design choice of the game copying a bad design element of old classic roguelike, it's still a bad design even if some old classics used it.- The strategy layer coming from the general management is rather thin. It's more a management game than a strategy game, few strategic choices, not much opportunities to setup plans and adapt plans. The game is much more about series of micro decisions. To be clear new xcom is a bit better on this but not good either.But for me the weakest points of the game are design choices that some other type of players could enjoy, the main points are:- The general management is designed with a spirit of high negativity, it's copying a design approach of old classic roguelike. It's not a matter of difficulty, it's a matter of being negative. For example you have to bother with paralytic, asthmatic, mostly blind, drunk, sterile, nervous heroes is just pointless and highly unpleasant for me. It's honestly my main grip against the game, and without this I'd probably vote thumb up, perhaps.- Mixed classes are by themselves a good design but how you get heroes classes linked to keeps marriages is generating a high lost of control of classes used, and I don't like at all this. That destroys the ability to do thematic replays based on a choice of a set of classes. That point is also a major reason why I am overall more negative than positive about the game.- There's many events along a campaign play, the problem is your choice will be random until you know the answers. The events are a good idea but I don't like at all to have to do random choices, and it's infuriating when it leads to a huge penalty and a smash in your face.- Too much random in the global management gameplay, that's tedious for me.For the sake of balance, I should add that the game has also good and even great points:- The combats are very interesting with both depth and tactical diversity at your disposition. And don't listen players complaining Hunters are only valid or that the game has no tactical depth, it's just they don't know play the game.- Despite there's only a relative random generation of combats areas, it's still working rather well and don't feel repetitive. It could be better but overall it's a good point.- The aesthetic choice of the game could seem bizarre at first, but it works very well, it looks rather nice once you admit the approach, and such aesthetic will never look old. On that aspect the UI is successful too and has a nice and marking look. It's too bad that the ""ease of use"" of the UI isn't as good.- The events are a good idea to setup a story mood along a play, and that works rather well, too bad that the choices you have to do for those events are too much random until you know the events/choices/consequences.Overall only players that like a lot either pure random and negativity spirit, either squad combats, should try this game. Other should apply a lot of caution. Myself I'm in second category and don't really regret my buy, but it's definitely for me a highly irritating and relatively frustrating game."
,Recommended,246110,14319574,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Skinischewy,"Watch a 60 year old have a baby, fight invading forces, create a long term strategyAwesome game"
76561198004973671,Recommended,246110,14440769,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Balmora Blue,"Tywin Lannister did nothing wrong.Oh, the map satisfyingly reminds me of Tamriel in this beautiful strategy game."
,Recommended,246110,14177630,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,gleb_vga,"In this game, you are an immortal and immobile ruler of the kingdom besieged by evil poisonous monsters. The talking Chalice is going to purge the monsters in 300 years, so you have to survive that period with the help of the warriors you recruit, manage and guide in turn-based X-COM-like battles. There is a twist - be it a kingdom management projects or hero level-ups, it takes long time. LONG time. Years, decades, literally. So the value of each investment and decision is becoming critically high.Your heroes are aging and dying of old age, as well as in battle, so you have to account for it by retiring them from active roster to form a family and produce offspring - your new cannon fodder. You can also retire them to research and training instituions- with age heroes get increased ""wisdom"" property, which is good for those activities.One hero can only participate in a few actual battles, so you can't get a fighter from first to last level in a single lifetime.  This way, it becomes important to find the right time to retire your leveled-up hero to the family life - for the children of leveled-up characters will be automatically pre-leveled-up in accordance with their parents, and so can continue the advancement.Good stuff:-Beautiful design-The feeling of advancing despare and desperation, the all-powerful Time and Death.-Gameplay is easy to pick up and is quite enjoyable.Not so good stuff:-Story is rudimentary-There are not a lot of options for research/kingdom management, and even less of those are really worth consideration.-The game is ""evil""-tough. I'll elaborate on this. In turn based combat games, like X-COM, there is usually a strong feeling of risk and the enemy outgunning you. It's tough, as screw-ups can lead to devastating effects for the whole team, and you have to take chances, think strategically and even just pray for a lucky outcome. This is part of the appeal, because it adds suspence and a semblance of realism.In this game, though, the toughness is not of a risky, but of a depressing kind most of the time. Your team is screwed up from the start: your options for strategical advance and recon are limited by abilities/landscape. Also, there is almost no chance for blind luck to give you joy once in a while. I do understand that it's the part of the idea that your fighters will die messily and often. But mission after mission of ""we are blindly rushing in a pre-arranged death-trap"" kills fun rather sooner than later.Still, all in all, it's an interesting game with a potential, as it's still in EA stage."
76561197975933249,Recommended,246110,13012386,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Tintin,Incest is not allowed10/10 Would play again
,Recommended,246110,13175034,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Smokey Barrister,"It's okay. There's a lot of balance fixes and tweaks that still need to be implemented, but the content itself is pretty fun."
76561198050682842,Recommended,246110,12941286,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Deadly Ackbar,"A lot like the newest X-Com game, with a cool lineage dynamic mixed in. The gameplay itself is fairly challenging and I have felt rewarded when bringing back all of my heroes alive. The art style is simple and easy to understand. The music is very nice and upbeat. All in all, the game is as deep as you want it to be. Maximizing parent skills is fun and keeps me interested in the bloodline. I would recommend this game to any X com fan as it is fairly well polished and at least in my opinion really fun so far."
,Recommended,246110,12960404,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,EraserNubs,I wish Fable 3 had this sort of game in it! This is sorta like X-Com meets Fable. Good fun!
76561198029794178,Recommended,246110,13013455,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,VolatileRed,"I don't know if I'm the only one having this problem, but save games and load games appear completely disrupted, or unimplemented.  Thank god the Continue Game option is pretty robust and useful.  There are random lag-downs and mini-crashes, but it only really ever crashed hard on me once but that was in combination with a ""Steam Update required"" window popping up so I don't blame Massive Chalice as much.Also pretty slow on loading and moving screen around in battle.Fun game, but with problems, but I'll give it a + anyways."
76561198160042243,Recommended,246110,14425284,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,iKron,"Fun game with classic tactical turn based elements and lots of fun twists. Bought early access, it's been well worth it."
76561198127344833,Recommended,246110,16123918,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Draco451,"This game, this game is so good. At this point I have almost gotten to 300 years on my third try playing it and I'm having a blast with the subclasses and items you can get. I feel this game is really easy to play at first but is hard to master, like any strategy game. The combat is very simple and looks odd, but you get used to it over time and the it's dullness will seem normal by the end. The best thing is giving a two year-old child or a seven year-old a powerful relic, or listening to the chalice comment on your decisions. I know it feels and plays like a copy of Xcom, nut you really have to look past those kinds of flaws and not really compare a game to others that clearly outclass it. That doesn't seem fair to me."
,Recommended,246110,13291266,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,NocturnalDemise,"Brilliant! MASSIVE CHALICE brings together; a foundation of strategy, the fillings of humor, and a sprinkle of innovation. A perfect pie!"
76561197997773188,Not Recommended,246110,14163232,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Redpossum,"Well, I bought this game, and Steam says I've played it for 18 hours, but now I'm basically done. It's a very shallow game, more like something you'd expect to find on a mobile device. What you see is what you get, and there's no real depth to it. If you can get it on sale for $5, go for it, but don't pay any more than that."
,Recommended,246110,13313125,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Zanathal,Fun new twist on an old classical type of game. Feels like XCOM but has like a rogue legacy like trait system. Would type more and more but i will leave the exploring up to you.
76561197971119872,Recommended,246110,14214404,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Widde,"It's early access so beware if you're not willing to put up with that.Right now it's kind of a mixed stew for me. I like the concept and much of what's implemented. Haven't had time to play alot yet but I can list some +/- at least.+The gfx style is kind of an aquired taste but it reminds me of games such as the Interstate '76 series. It's quite nice in it's simplicity.The Bloodline Genetics system adds some depth to the game.The voiceover for the chalice ... ghosts?Fighting. It's not very complex but satisfying, mostly.Easy to get started but from what I can tell mastering it will take some practice.-Randomness. Yes there's always gonna be some degree of randomness but I feel it's a bit harsh sometimes. Like spawning in the middle of a big pack of cadence, assigning two healthy middle age heros to a castle and having one of them dying in a year with no children. Etc. If bad luck like this was rare I guess it would be fine but it's happened a couple of times in my short playtime.I think the time progresses a bit fast. Now don't get me wrong I don't want the game itself that much slower, build and research times don't need to be longer. But I'd like to spend a little more time with my heros. To get to know them better during combat etc. Mabe more frequent encounters would work as well.About half of the cadence I've faced so far explode making Caberjacks alot less useful than hunters and alchemists. This might work itself out when I get further and can start upgrading armor, get them to higher levels etc. But early game I don't really see the point to them. The cadence that don't explode can be killed just as easy by the two ranged classes. And while caberjacks get charge at level 1 and it has a knockback it has cooldown and if it doesn't finish the cadence off it can just walk up and explode next to the caberjack when your turn ends. Would be good if even at low levels with no upgrades to gear caberjacks had more health or better damage mitigation so they had better survivabilty,"
,Recommended,246110,14035601,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,DRILL SERGEANT DADDY,"Fantastic game in most aspects. The musical direction is superb, the combat has its own unique yet familiar feel, and the game will have you do some selective breeding. The things I feel that could use some work are the usefulness of classes, such as the caberjack, which is a melee brute-like class that I let die out everytime I had one, not on purpose, but because I gave Hunters and Alchemists priority. The hybrid classes are what filled my ranks however, each one is unique and they mix classes from both of the parent's classes. The decision you make is what traits you want to have your future soldeirs to carry. I binged this game, mainly because that's how I intake these things. The game is fantastic and I will be doing another run through because the game was a bit too easy, and it was kind, I got hawkeyed and longetivity traites for most of my beginnner soldiers. So seeing them die at the age of 70 was sad but I felt good knowing that others can die at 40~. If anything the game's ending (no spoilers) could use a bit more of an expansion or some work, I just think it needs that ""legacy"" feel as the whole game is literally built around legacies, but YOUR legacy. It could be sequel bait(I don't mind it on this occasion because I'm down for a sequel). The hate I see on forums is based on it being DF and spacebase. Frankly however, this game differs and seems to have had a lot of time and effort put into it. If you buy this game, you will NOT regret it. You'll be fighting the cadence for a long time...almost 300 years."
76561198031201274,Recommended,246110,14672573,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,porkinsred6,"This game is great. The concept behind it is fun and creative. I just with there were different diffivulty levels that you could choose from. I had a dozen or so extremely frustrating playthroughs befoer I got the hang of it. I still enjoyed it, but I need a break for awhile before I dive in again. It makes me want to have a drink"
76561198063917671,Not Recommended,246110,21117488,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Astronaut Wizard,"1 min in: Wait this is made by double fine studios? Ok I really hope that isn't an omen6 min in: Oh lord this is hilarious! There are so many factions to pick from. LIke there are 20 pages alone for just the ones beginning with the letter S. They're arranged in alphabetical order which is nice. All of these are pretty great like this one battle cry ""For Glory!...or something."" Oh man I bet this game is going to be great.10 min in: Okay picked my houses, now to go on to the game. Okay so I'm some immortal commander, giant talking chalice with two spirit things. And some kind of encroaching darkness on the land I have to keep back for the next 300 years so the chalice can charge up its super awesome attack to vanquish it for good. Okay why didn't you ever do this sooner? I guess I'll accept it for now. Oh look an attack is going on, better go take care of it.12 min in: Hey this looks like xcom, oh cool all the characters have different traits, like faint of heart which will make you weaker when your allies die. That sounds like something from xcom. At least all the houses i chose are what these guys are from. Oh whats this? These guys have kids? That sounds pretty cool. I can have different blood lines, this is going to be sweet.13 min in: Hey...why do these controls look a lot like xcom's...14 min in: Okay time to move my guys...Wait thats how you move them...Oh no this is exactly like Xcom's movement system.15 min in: Hey look an enemy, alright so how do we...wait what? Enemy in sight...darkness outside the field of view...Oh you have got to be kidding me. This is XCOM! Its literally the same game but in a fantasy setting. Okay maybe I'm just judging it a little too early. After all if this is like XCOM, its a very long game before you learn everything. i'm sure there will be mechanics that make it vastly different from XCOM.20 min in: Seriously the combat is a direct rip off of XCOM, except this time only one guy can shoot things that are 2 feet in front of him and still miss. You even have units that use grenades! Oh I'm sorry ""Alchemists"" that throw ""flasks"" Yeah nice save there.22 min in: Okay beat the first battle, now on to the non-combat section of the game. I bet this is where it will diffirentiate itself from XCOM, i mean there is no way they'd copy that as well...right?24 min in: Oh so i can assign regents to a keep, putting them in charge of it with a partner. Then they procreate, have kids and they also become heroes which i can take into battle, or assign to lead into a keep? Hey thats pretty neat.28 min in: Okay I took care of everything here, now i just click on that play button there....Oh come on! You copied that from XCOM too!? The map is just like the base from XCOM, come on double fine! Whatever, maybe theres more than meets the eye. After all 300 years are supposed to pass, there is going to at least be more mechanics than what i'm seeing right now.30 min in: Alright it appears 5 years have passed and, oh a new battle, alright lets go to that region and protect it. Now lets go to the screen and select my heroes to fi-ITS THE SAME AS XCOM'S! THE DEPLOYMENT SCREEN IS LITERALLY XCOM'S BUT JUST WITH THEM STANDING OVER A CHALICE! OH COME ON! Whatever just lets see these classes. Alchemist, Caberjack, Hunter, and...Is that it? Are you seriously telling me there are only 3 classes for the heroes? Really!? You couldn't even copy XCOM on that with their 4? Are you kidding me?32 min in: There are lot of these Rupture guys, they explode and leave behind some kind of acid that damages units caught in the acid...just like in XCOM.35 min in: More of these Rupture enemies? Geez is the whole level nothing but these guys?38 min in: Oh my god the whole level was nothing but those guys...44 min in: Alright i have all this stuff set up, my regents are making babies so I'll have future generations to lead, i built this guild to research new stuff for me, everythings going pretty good...wait what? A bunch of my guys died, how? Old age!? What! Okay I understand this game takes place over the course of years, but these guys were barely level 2! And they died in their 40's! They didn't even make it past 50. Whats the point of leveling these guys up when not even 10 minutes later they'll die of old age!?50 min in: Yay more babies born, some have grown up now, Rory is a bit of a grown up now, and he isn't too bad. He's a hunter, got the hawkeye perk, I think he'll make for a fine soldier.55 min in: Another battle...terrific.63 min in: Battle won, I'm done, I'm getting really sick of this.65 min in: Yo guild! You have literally contributed nothing so far! You have done nothing to benefit our fight against this darkness. What have you done at all? I keep giving you members that end up dying of old age, but yet you continue to do nothing. Fine whatever I'll just go build this citadel thing.67 min in: So you put units in here to train? Okay I'll put Rory in here, he did well in the last battle so leveling him up is a good idea.70 min in: Finally I found a use for you guild. Research this health potion thing to heal my soldiers up.72 min in: Another battle, another day. Yay...74 min in: Holy crap someone actually died!? Wow okay thats...I really don't care. You want to know why game? Because unlike XCOM I can't bring myself to actually care about the people i'm sending in to fight. I don't grow attached to them, and unlike with XCOM, I don't cry and mourn when one of them dies. Which since you are obviously ripping them off, is a blatant failure.78 min in: HOW DID YOU MISS!? EVEN WORSE HOW DID YOU NOT ONLY MISS, BUT THROW YOUR FLASK OFF A CLIFF!? YOU SOMEHOW NOT ONLY MANAGED TO MISS YOUR TARGET WITH A 85% CHANCE OF HITTING THEM, BUT YOU ALSO MISSED AND THREW IT OFF THE CLIFF! YOU MORON!80 min in: Oh hey look its some kind of blue lady enemy made of energy. Just like X-nope not going there. I saw her earlier but she never managed to hit me with her ranged attack.81 min in: WHAT! SHE DRAINS XP WHEN SHE HITS YOU!? AND YOU CAN LOSE AN ENTIRE LEVEL IF YOU'RE HIT ENOUGH, AND YOU ALSO STILL TAKE THE NORMAL HEALTH DAMAGE!? Even XCOM didn't do that and it was incredibly difficult without it! Don't pad your game out with artificial difficulty!85 min in: Wait the losing battle system is just like XCOM's but worse...My patience is thinner than ice right now..88 min in: You know its been a few decades now, when am I getting Rory back? I know he's not dead so...where is he? He seriously can't still be training.91 min in: Seriously I don't see any difference between this and XCOM.94 min in: Build a keep here, and...Hey that area i wanted to build something on is being attacked, I better take care of that.96 min in: Alright i'm in...level bland as ever, everything literally inferior to XCOM? Yep.97 min in: Oh look more Ruptures, and blue ladies, and a ball with two legs...you know I'm just over an hour in and yet this game still only has 3 enemy types? All of which are rip offs? I guess they have a motiff of ripping off, doing worse, and giving less with this game don't they?100 min in: Units are dying but I can still win this.105 min in: Okay make that 1 guy left, at least he's an alchemist. Sure he's low health but he can deal damage from a distance and his range attacks also have an area of effect, just use that move on the last two enemies that are right beside each other and I win the battle.108 min in:...He died...He threw it...and he failed so badly...it went back and hit him...killing him...He had a 95% chance of not only hitting them, but killing them too...and he somehow manages to throw the flask at himself...110 min in: ...ffffFFFUUUU-*screams of rage destroy everything in a 200 mile radius.*4/10 Get XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Double fine stopped fixing this game just a month after release, and it still has a lot of issues."
76561197982774514,Recommended,246110,13977912,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,FlexiZuu,Art is great! Gamplay is great! This game has renewd my interet gaming! Instant classic!
,Recommended,246110,13949044,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ViceChaplain,This game is not X-Com.  This game is not Total War.  This game is not Crusader Kings.Massive Chalice is a game that tells a story.  Getting the most of that story depends on how much of your own attention you put into it.  Families rise in strength then waste away.  Relics skip generations and fall into the hands of untested children.  An aunt watches her nephew get cut down in battle.And Massive Chalice will punish you when you don't read the writing on the wall.  The future written by your actions each day.
76561197982686782,Recommended,246110,13945850,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DrChops,"The potential for this game is through the roof, however there are a few issues that hinder the experiences.1. Hard to form any type of emotional bond with a character when they due of old age after only fighing in 2 or 3 fights in their entire lifetime.  With no real emotional connection to a character, permadeath isn't really that gripping.2. The child birth rate is embrassingly low.  I was always low on heros about ~30 years into the game.  These heros up their game.3. My biggest complaint has to be on the accuracy of attacks.  The game says these heros have trained their entire life to fight the Cadence, however they are painfully bad at landing attacks.  I've had turns where I've had improbably bad luck (a 95% missed, a 90% missed, 80% missed, then 2 60%s missed, same turn) and this happens A LOT.  I believe the percentages reported are not accuracte to the actual chances.  Maybe there is something I am missing.  Instead of having a hunter having a 50% chance to do 10 damage, give them a 90% chance to do 5-6 damage.  This removes the feeling that your hero (who has trained for this their entire life) is painfully incompent who can only hit a target 10 feet away 50% of the time.Again, its a good game.  Needs more polish, but it looks promising."
,Recommended,246110,16144278,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,TheLegend27,"Pretty Good, The Game takes about a day to finish, if your a boss...#2muchswag"
,Recommended,246110,14691595,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,TOG | Pvt Parts,"Works as advertised. For an early access / beta the game it performs well with little to no bugs (there were 1 maybe 2 but they were so minor I can't remember them).The aethetics of the graphic design is a pleasure to look at and the UI is quite clean and easy to understand. The rolling time line is punctuated with births, deaths, attacks and the occaisonal random event. In essecence theses are a test of your strategy. Do you have enough characters? are they upto the task ? Do you have enough breaders and other trainees to full the other roles?There have been one or two comments previously saying this is no XCOM. This is true but the game is not trying be that. With the exception of the turnbased tactical combat, the game is not about micro managment or drowning in a sea of stats but rather seeing how a few crucial decisions playout over the long term.All in all an enjoyable game thus far."
76561197983622462,Recommended,246110,20720541,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mid-Western Witch Hunt,well done
76561198073084765,Not Recommended,246110,33407868,Posted: 9 July,all,Robert E.O. Speedwagon,One of the most boring and lifeless games I've ever had the displeasure of playing.
,Recommended,246110,22924451,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,The developers should be applauded for this massive success.
76561197968254063,Not Recommended,246110,16702822,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,bean,"The important thing to note is that it is a strategy RPG. This means moving each individual piece across a map to remove Fog of War until you see the enemy and then, finally dealing with them. In addition, some of the enemies blow up when you kill them and some of your characters only do melee damage. . .  so you have to deal with only using them in melee range, but also not killing the enemies that blow-up with them. It doesn't have the speed, long sight lines, and variety of ranged attacks that made XCOM an enjoyable strategy RPG either.I'm in love with the concept of Bloodlines and family traits for a generation-spanning RPG, but the appeal of that is killed by the fact that the game is a strategy RPG. Additionally, I imagined handsome heroes growing up from adolescents who are learning their craft to young adults honing it, to mature adults achieving their legacy, to elders securing and nurturing it, but the art is so stylized that the humans look monstrously mishapen. . .  I'm not wondering what my hero's kids will look like because it will just be some flavor of ugly.Unfortunately, Massive Chalice's ideas had some great traits, but they were bread with some ideas with bad traits, the resulting offspring has suffered."
,Recommended,246110,28853590,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dracgnar,Totally worth the 90% off tag
76561198010708806,Not Recommended,246110,17901182,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,ChuKoe,"A cool concept, but not nearly enough to do in the game to make it interesting."
76561197997953228,Recommended,246110,16511728,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Justicar V@C,"Interesting take on the system, enjoyable to the end."
,Recommended,246110,28985415,Posted: 3 January,all,ϟ♚ϟ Bloodstained ϟ♚ϟ,Cool Turn based game. ;d
76561198163894335,Recommended,246110,20196612,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Rhetorical Oracle,"Literally the only good thing the came out of the♥♥♥♥♥of Tim, I am an arognant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who insults his fans during award shows, Shaffer, since Psychonauts. That includes Broken Age."
76561198152729949,Not Recommended,246110,26994481,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tallos,Abandoned
,Not Recommended,246110,30417804,Posted: 9 March,all,200 IQ GAMER,"dont really know how the review are mostly positive, the main gameplay which is combat lacks depth in pretty much most ways.Wheres the medic class?wheres the tactics/cover system?wheres the info on what my moves and characters can do?I dont know with this game really the tutorial at the start is just terrible and doesnt really give me much insight into the game  as a whole"
76561197992135430,Recommended,246110,20723223,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,SouthLane,Really good game with a very unique play style.
,Recommended,246110,23018934,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Wyverald,Clever little gameSuitable for one-handed players
76561198167667963,Recommended,246110,32392289,Posted: 13 June,all,Clemency,"Excellent,  very inventive strategy and tactical combat game.+ Unique blood line development system. Can feel annoying to start with , you'll have hardly any heroes with good traits, but eventually you can breed your way to some quality heroes.+ Simple but well delviered story,  good voice acting,  atmospheric, good coherent aesthetic.+ Good mix of abilities for both your heroes and the monsters.- tactical combat is decent, but  not as good as xcom , or even much less well known tactical combat games like Storm Guard or Age of Fear.-  Slight lack of polish and content,- Random events a bit too random in outcomes."
76561198072017110,Recommended,246110,23286452,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ssenkrad_II,"A lot of what is said in reviews is spot on and even more is complete and total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...Balance: Flawless. People saying they loved XCOM EU/EW and hate this game because ""it isn't balanced"" is hilarious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Massive Chalice does a better job at getting me to bring one of each unique class into each battle than any other tactical game I have played. You have a melee class, a grenadier style class, and a ranged class as you three base classes and then merging bloodline will create hybrids. Having one of each base class was a must for me playing and I enjoyed it.Story: Decent. This is made better with the fantastic voice acting and great visuals. This is yet another claim that boggles my mind- that the ""story is boring and XCOM is better"". The ""story"" was by FAR the weakest part of XCOM, ""aliens are here, kill them, they only have one master ship, kill it"". If you are playing either of these two games for ""the story"" you are in the wrong genre friend...Combat: Decent. This one is true. Other tactical games (such as XCOM EW/EU as well as Divinity Original Sin) have produced a much more solid combat experience. Every fight is on a flat surface with elevation never being introduced. Some games (like Divinity) get away with their fights being only on one surface but it can be felt in this game. There is enough tactical fun and content here to make combat fun and thought provoking but not enough depth or inovations for it to be a selling feature.Bloodlines: Great. This one has not been done well in any other tactical game save for some Fire Emblem games (which have even LESS tactical combat) and it has been done well here. Relics that get passed down bloodlines and playing ""game of thrones"" with regents is great. This is a huge selling feature for this game, if it does not interest you then buying the game would most likely be a mistake.Length: Weak. Each ""generation"" needs to be 4x as long with 4x as many battles. You can beat the game in 15-20 hours. This is (IMO) the single greatest problem with the game- the combat was never a selling feature (IMO) for the game and didn't need that much more content (if any) but the world size as well as content feels lacking. It is a shame that mods were never really a deal as a ""Long War"" mod for this game I would frankly enjoy far more than on XCOM EU...Tower Defense: Weak. I add this in as well even though combat doesn't reflect a ""tower defense"" style of play the ""defending the heart of your country as things come in from the borders"" style of play is present in the ""world view"" aspect of the game. I am a huge fan of ""no lost countries"" and would never, EVER lose a single country in XCOM- that CANNOT happen in this game. This game is a ""hold out long enough to win"" style of game with countries/areas that will fall regardless of your actions. I hate this, it would be the first thing I mod out or at least give some way/option to fight to retake it (like in XCOM LW).Overall: You want a decent turn based tactical game with country management and bloodline control there is nothing better on the market. If you want pure tactical combat with nil story and nil country management and nil bloodline control then this isn't for you. If you are somewhere inbetween then I would still recommend, I would just suggest picking it up on sale."
76561197992974128,Recommended,246110,14093748,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,grizzo,"Man, I am loving this game. The strategic gameplay is simple but the eugenics system is complex so the game has a nice rhythm to it as you switch between fighting and managing your kingdom.  People get old and die at an alarming rate but that's how it is in real life too.  Also it makes me feel a little weird when I marry 67 year old dudes to 18 year old girls simply because that's most beneficial to my bloodlines-- which is a sign of connection to the characters I guess, though why that also makes for a fun gaming experience is a question I won't try to answer."
,Recommended,246110,13954429,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,No hope For humanity,"I just bought this game, and i'll say god..its difficult and fun. But it lacks just that tad bit more of content, such as customization, and maybe bigger maps, squads and that managing your kingdom feel. On its own however, its still wonderful. I'll list down the pros and cons and an overall opinion.Pros: Combat is wonderful, nearly like xcom though there's no cover mechanic but obstacles do block your line of sight.Heroes can get married, and they can have offspring which mean more soldiers. (Dont think much of the FAMILY TREE, incest happens in this game as you 'll gradually lose heroes and lack the time to recruit more due to research),Which part of the kingdom you fight on will actually matter in terms of tactics you can use.Random events, which is always a +Mechanics, are just wonderful and cornering your opponent especially the big ones are important.RELICS though you might want a tier 2 weapon at the leastCons: You can only do one action at a time, so you cant construct, recruit  and research at the same time, can be a pro if you like the game to be more tough.Enemy AI can be dumb...... if there's a wall between you and them, they'll stick to the wall (in my instance it was a low wall and they just ran and stayed there, like fish in a barrel)You can't expand your squad and you also cant escape from battle just like in x-com = can be a +Opinion: It's a great game, i just wish for customization, kingdom management and maybe even some multiplayer. Try it you'll likely not regret buying and playing this gameOk finally finished.... its good not great but yeah, worth its price considering how much you can play and how many ways you can play."
,Recommended,246110,15226308,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Comrade Beric,"Spacebase DF-9 was a crap purchase and I've never played Broken Age and don't care about what happens to it.  All of that said, I saw a streamer playing Massive Chalice and it looked like so much fun that it overcame my cynicism hard enough for me to buy a copy.  I've played over 30 hours of it so far and it's still fun.  Maybe they'll finish it, maybe they won't, but its development and changelogs have consistantly reflected more dedication and skill than Spacebase ever did.  It was already good back in January when I picked it up and has been getting better ever since."
76561198150902558,Recommended,246110,13977170,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,zamboni5000,This is an addictive game that has an original and refreshing art style to it. So far the changes the devs have made since I've owned the game have been fantastic and I look forward to more.
76561198006884898,Recommended,246110,16444139,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,buchecker,"Massive Chalice is a mixed bag. At times its really awesome and then it can get very frustrating. I got my moneys worth, but i think im done after 2 play throughs."
76561198056352094,Not Recommended,246110,13314613,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,CriSpi.Xvw,thought it would be close to fire emblem.. i was mistaken
76561198005894566,Recommended,246110,13932655,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,BoxingBud,"I don't think the game is perfect but it's getting a 7/10 for me.I like the art style/graphics it's a unique slant on similar games I've seen that keeps it fresh, and the voice acting is good. The AI is not what I consider the most tactical but also it's not lazy or glitchy either.  I also haven't run into any bugs which is great and I do like how parents of different classes will have babies that are mixed, and the passing down of traits is great too!I didn't like the ""you can't get attached to your characters because they're all going to die"" thing. I GET it, everyone dies at some point and the lifespan thing is cool, but a character's full lifespan is actually very short in game time, so that man that spent all his life as an archer died of old age....at level 2... So I made sure I wasn't attached to anyone, but I couldn't really be anyway, also...being attached to characters is what makes a game fun. Maybe have a reasearch option that takes a lot to invest in but you get to make some units immortal? I mean with genetic manipulation and traits you're going to get super powered people anyway.Overall though I really am enjoying the game. I hope other games make use of the genetic passing of traits systems, especially rpgs, though it's really unique in a strategy game like this!"
,Recommended,246110,14037217,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GameDragonZero,"Review of the .96b betaShorter Review: A mixture of kingdom management, tactical battles, RPG, and hero breeding that  produces a satisfying game requiring thought and planning  Still being polished, but looking promising, and worth it if this is your area of interest.To review Massive Chalice, you need to start with the story.You're an Immortal regent, bound to a mysterious chalice holding the souls of past heroes.  That chalice is the only hope of your nation to cleanse it of the foul creatures that threaten it, the mysterious Cadence.  You'll rally heroes to fight, decide how to run the kingdom, and figure out how to survive.  Good thing you're immortal, because your heroes are not, and you'll need to plan how to use them, marry them, retire them, and pass on their legacies.  You've got a 300 year war ahead of you until the Chalice is powerful enough to end it, and everyone who started the battle with you will be dust when it's over . . .Massive Challice is a game that combines several play mechanics in a way that's easy to pick up - hard to master.  That's not an emplty statement - it's the truth, because the simple parts interact in many ways.* A straightforward, effective, but deep tactical battle game where heroes fight monsters.* An RPG system where you manage characters, equipment, and skills.* A straightforward, but detailed hero-breeding system where you establish lineages of heroes - who inherit traits, legacies, relics, and more.* A (rather light) Kingdom management game that consists of making choices of battles, what to construct, and how to react to random events.In Massive Challice, you alternate battles with the Cadence and managing your kingdom and heroes over the course of 300 years.  One moment you're deciding who to attack, the next deciding what to build next, then responding to a random event, and finally trying to figure out if you should intermarry two heroic linages - then another battle may arise.  You're constantly scaling your strategy and tactics as you play, and how the different levels of the game mesh is a big part of the challenge and satisfaction - there's something about watching a new, well-trained hero of a class you unlocked due to an unusual marriage wield a weapon of his bloodline on the first go to cause massive damage.This means that this is a game of planning and management - even when you're whomping on the Cadence.  Because time is tight, resources are limited, and enemies are tough you are always constrained, always evaluating, always scheming - and often regretting.  Death is permanent, decisions aren't reversable (well unless you're using a save game and not playing in Iron Mode), and time and resources lost aren't easily reclaimed.  You will start over, you will reload saves - and if this is your kind of game, you will go back again and again.The combat, I think, deserves special note as it's well balanced.  There's 3 main classes and descendents via crossbreeding can unlock 6 more classes.  Stealth, special abilities, the right equipment, planning, and above all patience are requires for victory.  Pulling off massive kills and victories is quite satisfying and good planning is rewarded.  This is a precise, well done part of the game that was both deep yet completely accessible and intuitive.Regarding ""Hero breeding"" part of the game, it's straightforward on the surface - you get (or build) Keeps, appoint a regent and a partner, and they have kids (if they are capable of it).  Children inherit mental and physical traits and level up depending on parental experience - and other factors and structures.  The challenge is in avoiding bad traits, ensuring linages (""Relic"" weapons are tied to a bloodline), balancing ages and genders, and determing what classes you want the next generation to be - you can easily mess up or destroy a bloodline.  Its fun, but At times can be wearing as you juggle combinations, though when you get a truly satisfying and fun character it's worth it.If there's a flaw in this release it's that the kingdom management part of the game still feels a bit light and there's not a lot of guidance.  The kingdom management is decent, but I'd like to see a few more options for research and development, or to at least see some unlockable options earlier so you know what there is to work forward to.  Research opens up more as the game progresses, but is rather lackluster for the first third.I do think the game lacks good tips and guidances for the more subtle situations like good breeding and so on.  Perhaps thats part of the challenge, but it can take away from the fun.The game's presentation is effective.  It has an angular look that puts me in mind of board games and low-poly games.  Character appearances change as they age.  The music, well done and subtle, sets a strange, almost somber mood (and is a strong point in the presentation).  The narration of the two souls in the chalice is decident to amusing, adding some levity and making you feel not so lonely (hey, you're immortal).I also feel the game should be praised for avoiding bog-standard fantasy classes.  There's no generic warriors, there's ram-wielding Caberjacks.  There's no thieves, there's stealty Hunters armed with enormous cannon-like crossbows.  No wizards either, but Alchemists who fling flasks of explosives with sharp-edged cestas called ""Throwers.""  As you breed heroes you unlock even more classes: Brewtalists, Trickshots, and more.It's rather refreshing, and the subclasses get interesting as well - I think my personal favorite is the Caberjack/Hunter fusion called a Shadowjack who can go into stealth mode DESPITE wielding an enormous two handed battering ram as a weapon.Yes, this game has characters who can spring out of the shadows and wack you with a giant log.And finally, let us close with the story.  Though the plot itself is compelling, I also enjoy how things happen to create your own narrative.  Random events change things.  Heroes grow, fight, sire offspring, die - or retire to teach or manage buildings (and then die).  You find yourself getting attached to bloodlines and some specific characters.  I still have fond memories of Freya ""What's-Her-Face"" Yurgin wielding the magical bow ""Fang"", or ""The Beard"" Nguyen the Brutal Brewtalist who retired to teach the next generations.I hope this game spawns others.  The idea of a kind of semi-procedural dynasty builder is compelling.I reccomend this game with a few limits - after all we're talking $30 bucks here.  If it was $20 it'd be no problem.* If this game sounds like it's up your alley, then it's worth it.  Certainly I have no regrets, feel I got my money's worth, and consider it replayable.* If the game sounds cool but you're not sure, wait for the full release to see what people say.  Its got a bit more tweaking and isn't exactly friendly to learn, so it's not something for everyone.I'm quite positive on this game.  I hope this launches a series, as the fusion of mechanics and long-term planning make this a fun, interesting, and satisfying game."
,Recommended,246110,13919142,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Psiursus,Great artistic style and gameplay mechanics. This already feels like a full game right now. I cannot wait to see how they progress in the future.
,Recommended,246110,13033807,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,KASIRGAO1,"I played this game both on early access and full released. It seemed good in the beginning. But later, it becomes mehh.They could do it better. They had great mechanics. But, it is not a deep game.If have time to spare and see some good mechanics, you can play it."
76561198118712883,Recommended,246110,13347967,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,So Many Deers,A great game  even thought its still in early access. Basic yet satisfying combat mechanics. Intelligent abd easy to master managment system for the kingdom and heros alike . Interesting world and lore. Charming graphics. Cant wait to see the finished product. (Its a mash up of a bunch of personal favorites for me)
76561198007916652,Recommended,246110,12964514,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Darkdreamdk,i know i only played a couple of hours but must say this game is pretty fun.Kind of a mixture of board games and a strategi game on a pc
76561198079995201,Not Recommended,246110,13954533,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Kiko,"I was waiting for this game for a while now and I am sad to say it is not what i thought it would be.i ll make it short:the game design is very, very disapointing.it is to hard for it s own god."
76561198079720622,Recommended,246110,13938187,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,peterdbernick,"This game is fun but gets repetitive after about ten hours.Due to lack of tactical and strategic depth.Eventhough it has some interesting game mechanicsIt's lack of overwatch ,cover, interesting strategic map , too few enemies ,to name a few make it feel more like an ios game.But since the bar for pc games has been lowered so much .This game is actually better than most.Fun for a day or two but then yawn."
76561198069976479,Recommended,246110,16129197,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Gooses Stretch,"I haven't played many strategy games (Warcraft, XCOM, JSRPGs) but I find this game to be more acessable and enjoyable than all of those, especially since you do more than just kill stuff. I've only played for a few hours but I feel the learning curve, I'm still behind it, but after I lose a few more troops I think I'll know better for my next play through.Also, super fun to choose houses based off your friends and to see which houses make better characters. You can straight up have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters, but I still haven't figure out what to do with them..."
76561198023986537,Not Recommended,246110,13948199,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,izos03,"I can not recommend the game at this stage. The idea is not bad but need a lot of balancing.For example, even without losing heroes in battle, you can be in a situation where there is nobody to put on the protection of land.Heroes die much more quickly than are born.In general, I think you need to wait until the game will be brought to a playable state."
76561198143820447,Not Recommended,246110,16543417,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Beloan,"At first I thought that this will be fun, but after 2 houres I was bored. It gets old quickly."
76561198005694074,Recommended,246110,14634962,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Barqu,I love this game and can't wait for it to be finished. A few minor problems are all i have discovered and the only critisism i have is that i would have added more classes and combinations.I was a little disappointed by the fact there is no upgraded alchemist class.The relic idea is brilliant and i would love to see it expanded some moreThe game play is lovely and the graphics whilst not amazing in todays standards are perfect for the game.All in all i would recomend this game to anyone
76561197989574124,Recommended,246110,13537107,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Panic77,"I stayed up until 6am on a worknight for the first time in the last decade playing this game. There are a few small issues with balance and some features that feel like they are in early implementation, but overall they have nailed the most important part of making a game - it's fun.The game is fairly streamlined like the XCom remake, and borrows a lot from that design. I am curious to see what features and improvements are coming, and hope they can make the game feel richer and fuller without bogging it down and complicating it."
76561198066952709,Recommended,246110,13933684,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,davidromro,Game is really fun in its current state. In terms of gameplay it seems to be complete. Not sure what DF is planning on adding after 0.9.Levels seem to be much less repetitive then X-com in terms of layouts.Haven't encountered any bugs since 0.86.
76561198031174808,Not Recommended,246110,16558170,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MyglarN,So much potenial ..
,Recommended,246110,28752255,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cain,Great game. Love the bloodline and class systems.
76561198054922229,Recommended,246110,28718366,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Darth Cena,It could be called: X-COM Kings II: The Eugenics
76561198008020310,Not Recommended,246110,17871308,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,TopMoistii,"Horrible game, probobly still a bad buy even at $8"
,Recommended,246110,23616181,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Darth Araknus,One of best tactical strategy game. Good graphics and interesting mechanics.
76561198068098502,Not Recommended,246110,14368436,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,halisme,I cannot recommend this game while Xcom exists.
,Recommended,246110,12976814,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,raediaalbinson,"If you like XCOM-style tactical strategy, you'll enjoy this too."
76561198151956731,Recommended,246110,13935272,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,no hope left,"Not bad, wish all of their games recieved the same kind of treatment."
,Recommended,246110,13413262,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kassar,"Absolute Gem of a game. Unlike Xcom reincarnation that plays like a dumbed down version of its ancestor this felt to me (finished 2 times) as something really new. I love the Eugenics and the special abilities and the feel and the artwork and the music and the enemy and since this is double fine, I love the humour... Great job Devs. This will redeem you well. And to all the haters out there, It is human to stumble, If you expect high polish games on early access you will be somewhat dissapointed sometimes. Double fine, unlike most of its competitors acctually makes original, groundbraking stuff.. takes courage that..."
76561197985052118,Recommended,246110,14359933,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Hans,Made a 68 year old and a 21 year old have a baby ...Not sure if either 10/10 or jail ...
,Recommended,246110,13032608,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Cosah,I <3 tactical rpgs.
,Recommended,246110,29908137,Posted: 13 February,all,Alex,10/10 would get a drunk family full of asthma again
76561198012023582,Not Recommended,246110,17484474,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,lewrker,"Generic, plastic rubbish. Waste of time."
76561197973770753,Recommended,246110,13461012,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,vad,"Just a short review of the game as it's in Early Access December 2014. I've tried two playthroughs by now.  The first went haywire so I restarted, the second I made it to Year 300 (end game). I think there's a bit of a learning curve still :)Anyway, I really, really like the game. It reminds me of a hybrid between XCOM (new one) and The Last Federation. The XCOM part is somewhat simpler in regard to the combat, yet it has its own flavor and you have some pretty clever things you can pull off with the different classes, equipment and skills. As to the Kingdom/Base Management it's two widely different beasts. Where XCOM had a lot of smaller research paths and many types of equipment there are fewer in Massice Chalice, so every choice counts - and smacks - like a b*tch.If I had to pick one great feature of the Kingdom Management it's the breeding for various traits in the regents' children. It makes a heck of a difference. If you marry two regents with bad traits your resulting heroes will be so pathethic it's painful.Right now it's not just playable but also enjoyable. I don't know for sure if there's just a lot more learning to do for me or if there are genuine imbalances in the game. I miss the feeling of late game XCON where you're very powerful and just kill scores of enemies. Actually, the second game I'm not sure I'll actually be able to complete, and I got this nagging feeling that maybe, just maybe, I shouldn't have paired that decent regent with that too young, unknown spouse.Perhaps with the right bloodline with the right traits and personality ..."
,Recommended,246110,34062163,Posted: 6 August,all,DeadlyDago,"Best breeding simulator out there, just be carefull not to marry the two idiots"
76561198003075445,Not Recommended,246110,17437198,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Doofio,"Getting rampant input lag, restarted, changed window mode.Not sure if it's the recent windows 10 update, but the game is unplayable by virtue of it taking 3-4 seconds to register anything I do."
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,246110,16691931,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Buzzerker,"Bought it when it was Early Access , I don't like it , that's all I gotta say about it. I think it is a waste of money and time. Skip it."
76561198004982483,Not Recommended,246110,28858908,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Esbon,"In a game in which you rely on producing heirs to continue your war, accidentally assigning two males to marry is disastrous because there is no way to fix it. You just lose. This game is a waste of two dollars."
76561198128092286,Recommended,246110,23942388,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zhengk,Supports gay marriage and  promote independent womens. 10/10
,Not Recommended,246110,30070181,Posted: 20 February,all,Big Boom Boom,"Big promise, but hardly any effort to follow through. Result is meh, worth the $2 on sale."
76561198013050985,Recommended,246110,13398970,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Ruibarian,"Works very well if you're willing to use your imagination in a lot of aspects, and I don't mean that in a bad way. This is a game that wants you to take a second and come up with your own storyline, and if you care about the heroes in your kingdom you'll have a lot more fun than speed running, min-maxing, and generally just treating it like an old SNES game that needs to be beaten than an interactive and deep story/narrative driven epic like it is.Edit: After playing some more, I wanted to make some remarks about the other reviews here. A lot of people complain that the game doesn't really have much in the ways of a tutorial. This creates a really good environment though. In the game, you're new to everything. You're learning what is going just like everyone else, so not knowing the exact stats of a Bulwark but instead getting a narrative description of what it does is actually really satisfying and flavorful.Another point, I've come to really enjoy the breeding. Some people say it isn't predictable, but I can clearly tell which bloodlines are carrying what traits. Yes, some of them will show up more randomly, especially if you have regents with personalities that cause personalities to not be followed, like rebel, but that's honestly how life works. If you have 5 kids, they'll have core beliefs and fringe beliefs and both will make up who they are.For me, a very solid 8/10. Not sure why there are so many negative reviews or why so many people are agreeing with them. I feel like it has to do with how quickly people want to burn through a game on Steam, but this is really a good Double Fine production and it shows with good narrative storytelling and character development."
76561198061189608,Recommended,246110,15174034,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Kudt,"At some point all my heroes were female, as I refused to dilute my original bloodlines with the filthy rabble off the street, conveniently ""attuned to the Chalice"".Suffice it to say, my battles were a disaster, marriage no longer lead to children, and my Standard soon began her own foodblog.And I like it."
76561198103635798,Not Recommended,246110,33802670,Posted: 25 July,all,timo.aun87,"Lidl Xcom. Basic gameplay with no crits (at least not in first part of the game), no damage per distance and no cover system. Got bored of the game after 3 hours."
76561198054996980,Not Recommended,246110,33721512,Posted: 22 July,all,IvaBentshaft,"Disappointing.Blocky/blurry low-res images,linear progression,minimal influence over character developments,no acual character creation,rare and randon story moments, where we get a minor choice that usually goes badly,repetative battles (a poor man's fantasy XCOM; with simpler game mechanics and far more characters lost in battle)character-mating choices that boil down to ""which troubled losers to create more handicapped characters with"",characters age so fast that they die before getting anywhere near their level and abilities caps,character may be less gimped later in the game, but it's not fun getting there.There is enough of a framework here to build a more complete and fun game onto. Developers set their sites too low.This is a $5 game, as it plays like a mini game in a larger game that doesn't exist."
,Recommended,246110,16128308,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,xiongxong,Its a great game just hate that all my BEAST hero die of old age
,Not Recommended,246110,17206291,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Mumra,"I got really excited for this new release by Double Fine, unfortunately I was disappointed! The game was really awkward to play as the camera angles and scenery obscure your view of the game area. The actual gameplay and combat lacks depth, and the writing is dry and humourless which for me was the biggest let down especially from Tim Schafer!"
,Not Recommended,246110,26558306,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Shai182,"this game does not worth the time of any one that want a deep strategy game, it's another X-com like game and i mean the new one, it if was as the old one it would be way bettey."
76561198003125690,Not Recommended,246110,16709271,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,AcidMonkey,"Tim Schafer is an insanely pretentious  guy who hasn't made anything good since Psychonauts. This game is no exception. The game is boring as hell, and the gameplay mechanics are shallow. Avoid this like it'll give you AIDS (which is very well just might)."
76561198143021727,Not Recommended,246110,23894514,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,paleghost6,"This game wouldnt be worth it if you got it for free. xcom is far better, after playing i am reconsidering my life knowing that a♥♥♥♥♥♥game like this even gets developed, double fine just wanted some money."
,Not Recommended,246110,31049555,Posted: 9 April,all,Eight675Three09,"Great music and mechanics, but there is one really bad flaw: your guys age, and quickly. They get old and die between fights, which basically invalidates everything having to do with leveling, exp, anything related to character stats. If not for that, I'd enthusiastically recommend buying."
76561197961807515,Recommended,246110,26236713,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,zeroLuck,"REally good game and mechanics, highly recommend it if you like XCOM series."
76561198059777565,Recommended,246110,16463438,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,skirantra,Fun game
76561198022821341,Recommended,246110,16570229,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,bureau44,"This game has got flaws, this game is often frustrating, sometimes it is really sadistic, to a point you are close to 'rage-uninstall', in general this game is quite repetitive and has got no story.Why I recommend this game? Because I have spend already 40 hours and I cannot drop. It  has some addictive quality, nice music and ambience (due to to narrators' skill I believe).The comparison to Xcom is ridiculous. It is a small game, it cannot compete with an AAA monster. But it succeeds to bring a couple of funny ideas to the genre. It is not bad."
,Recommended,246110,12917210,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,wormroom,"Hero breeding is cool. Everything else feels sorta bad. The game sorta splits the difference between XCOM and Fire Emble-style melee strategy (pretty much XCOM, though). It turns out that most of what drives XCOM's loop is the cover-to-cover movement.My experience with MC so far has been to move a guy somewhere, then move other guys closer to him.The names are cool but the catch phrases are dumb and I wish that DoubleFine hadn't Bypassed Oppressive Publishers at the cost of having heroes say cool stuff when they win.The UI feels weird to me, but you can figure it out in a couple of minutes (hint: the weirdly stacked flags? those are hero family crests that represent their turn order.)The story is super unfunny to me but who cares strategy game etc"
,Not Recommended,246110,17631387,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ThndrMge,"I purchased Massive Chalice after browsing the ""Legendary Weapon"" trope for a bit on TVTropes. I had not previously heard of the game and was very interested the instant I heard about bloodlines and tactical gameplay. Generational progression of a 300 year war and all that sounded AMAZING, family houses and children and bloodline relics and so on.Then I saw it was by Double Fine, ""Wow, those guys are really creative, I generally really like their work!"" I thought to myself. The game was funded by Kickstarter too? ""Well that's fine, nothing wrong with that, I'm just happy it made it.""I purchased the game for the $20 price tag on steam, and loaded it up. I started my new game and... was immediately filled with regret, and it was for one simple reason.No customization.Why, I thought? Was it perhaps just something I had to unlock in game? I decided to google and find out. And the first 3 responses to my search made my interest in the game sink from heavily interested to almost absolutely nothing.""There was a kickstarter tier that allowed you to create your own house and that's the reason you can't make your own."" Is basically what it boils down to... and from what I have read, there was at one point an interest in including a Create-a-House function in the game post-release, which is fine IMO, but then I read in a more recent post that the idea was scrapped because it wouldn't be fair to backers.Now I have shut the game down and lack enough interest to even bother trying the tutorial. I'm glad I didn't have to wait 2 hours to find this out either, so now I can get my money back. This may seem harsh and all, but I wanted to post this up somewhere and hopefully let someone in the know might be able to bring it up to whom it may concern:' ""You lost a sale because I am not allowed to have my own family.""I'll even be fair and say: If I could even just make one single custom family for myself to represent my own line, I don't mind if my other 4 families are pre-designed by the backers. But the fact I just plain cannot have my own input in the lore of the game or have some semblance of interaction beyond just being ""the player"" ... To be blunt: If you don't care about me, why should I care about you?"
76561198131590486,Recommended,246110,13934713,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Pemtz,This game is like watching Game of thrones!!!! Amazing!
,Not Recommended,246110,18518380,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,El Italiano Graprimo,"Its atleast made me want to play XCOM, so thats a plus..."
,Recommended,246110,23882370,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,revvy_,XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATH XCOM MATHBE WARNED
76561198074606586,Recommended,246110,28851747,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dalthazor,Good game. I like big chalice.
,Recommended,246110,15663649,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Darth Senpai,Epic.
,Not Recommended,246110,25834828,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Alt Muller,Like XCOM but boring.
,Not Recommended,246110,24788606,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Gay Guillaume,xcom but with jokes for millenials
,Not Recommended,246110,31195597,Posted: 17 April,all,bed,regret
,Not Recommended,246110,30126972,Posted: 23 February,all,davidincostamesa,No
76561198067219045,Not Recommended,246110,20735447,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,HalfPint,Not too good
76561198036491378,Recommended,246110,26122699,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Etho,Glorious
,Not Recommended,246110,16124838,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,furihata,game crashing after the first mission...
,Not Recommended,246110,15138202,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,[GOTR] Haxta,"This game is looking good so far, yet so did Spacebase DF-9. Double Fine abandoned SB before it was finished, don't back the early access. If they finish this game I will happily give a full review."
,Not Recommended,246110,15568768,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Illyrion,Meh.
,Not Recommended,246110,16123695,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Gubmint,"I wanted to like this game, but the controller support is awful.  Every button push seems to register as 3 random button pushes and nothing seems to work right unless I am holding down R2.  I cannot recommend a game listed as full controller support with such unbearable controller support issues."
,Recommended,246110,30583485,Posted: 17 March,all,Merciful Hacker,"Amazing game. Does amazing things within the tactical RPG genre, and is just soooooo fun to play.But..it requires patience with your intuitions and personal playstyle, which could simply just not work in a long-term strategy game like this. Be willing to start over if you have to.And for God's sake be CAREFUL with those random events.I would recommend that if ANY (and I mean ANY) random event occurs, you IMMEDIATELY check the Wiki for what could occur given the choice you make within the event.Why? Because while I really and truly love EVERYTHING this game does as a tactical RPG (and yes I've played the XCOMs, I still prefer this game), the events are not just like ""aw, that sucks, but whatevs.""Instead, they're like""Wait...what??....butI'm almost there! NO. SCREW THIS. IM STARTING OVER/NEVER PLAYING AGAIN."" Events can be brutal and screw up your long term plans, which you worked suuuuper hard for. And that just feels poopy.But seriously, other than that (and the annoyance that just comes from random chance) this game is amazing and you should give it a fair shake, especially if its on sale."
,Recommended,246110,14756191,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,GotMerked,"While this is a great game and worthy of a purchase if you are an X-com fan ... Do NOT purchase for Mac... it is currently not launching on Mac at all. Wait until they patch it... if they do.Edit: they have released a patch so go ahead and purchase , game is working great on my Mac. Again , any x-com fan , or fan of tactical rpg's in general will love this"
,Recommended,246110,14953819,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,JanSoular,"An enjoayable turn-based tactical stratagy game with some light RPG elements, and interesting ""Trait"" system. Although lacking a bit when it comes to the combat mechanics, it is still enjoyable, espcially if tactical turn-based combat is your thing. Check out my First impression/Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJcEEGxEMmg"
76561198005472152,Recommended,246110,16347649,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,lucas.weismann,This game is a fantasy X-COM.  I'm loving it.  Love the breeding mechanic.
76561198010996699,Recommended,246110,15061324,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Venomous Spyder,"The first few times I played it I think I was expecting it to be easier.  I play turn based tactic games quite often.  I was pretty averse to losing heroes, and quit out after a few bad mission playthroughs more than once.  I went back at the game after the last update with a different mindset about heroes passing and it was actually a lot of fun, the longer the passage of time gets, the more my surviving heroic bloodlines prosper, bestowing their knowledge on to their kindred and making for stronger characters overall.  Truly something that takes some getting used to.  Can't wait for the full release, but loving the game as is so far."
76561197996006952,Recommended,246110,19686947,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Observer,"A Beautiful game that feels fresh and unique, would recommend to anyone who likes TBS games."
76561198027509778,Recommended,246110,19729131,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Treg Almighty,This game is very good. Quick to pick up and hard to master.Amazing soundtrack as well. Really loved the time I have spent with this one
76561198060086839,Recommended,246110,19794127,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,YukiWolf,"Great game. Somewhat dissapointing ending though. The visuals are refreshing and simple. I wish there would have been explainations on the advanced units. I would have also liked if it showed benefits of certain regency pairings as it did with the Sagewrights guild and the training grounds. You get to pair classes together to create new classes. There's this awesome lvl 10 ability some units can unlock to keep killing after each kill. Much of what is going on is randomly generated, which I like. Overall, I can see it having tons of replay value."
76561198025212397,Recommended,246110,19805642,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ignalina,"This game is great. I'm having a wonderful time and I can't stop playing. The only problem is that it is very much like XCOM but not quite as good. But then few games out there are as good as XCOM, and there are enough new ideas here to make it a fine alternative when you get bored with the ""original"". And of course the writing and voice acting are superior here, as in all Double Fine games.By the way, the amount of hate here is depressing and clearly has more to do with exaggerated expectations and perhaps Gamergate than with the actual game."
76561197991502123,Recommended,246110,21933564,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,luceran,Another great Double Fine game.
76561198033996593,Recommended,246110,22758038,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Peter,"The turn-based combat alone is worth a look, but what really makes this game stand out is the overall game of maintaining bloodlines, managing heirlooms and raising new heroes. It's quite a different style of gaming, but it works."
,Recommended,246110,19913606,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ziel,"I was initially apprehensive in getting this game because I was burnt by Spacebase DF9 (a failed Early Access title by Double Fine), but I really liked the idea of what Massive Chalice was about, and there was always the option of Steam refunds now.Boy, was I glad I took a chance! This game is surprisingly thoughtful - and painful. Your heroes will die all the time, but if you are a fan of XCOM, Invisible Inc, Don't Starve, or any game that features permadeath and roguelike randomisation, this game is perfect for you. I would wholeheartedly recommend this game if you enjoy this game style.But if you are not a glutton for punishment and don't enjoy dying a lot, this isn't for you, and I strongly urge you to avoid this game, simply because a lot of the negative reviews I feel are from gamers who don't enjoy this game style."
76561198120814421,Recommended,246110,19975084,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,andrea.k.mccool,Fast paced. Unique hero management. The only thing I want is the ability to create my own customized houses.
,Recommended,246110,19987580,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,bobbyalford,"I'm still working on playing through my first full game, but I feel like I've seen enough to say that this is a pretty good game. It's essentially a fantasy version of XCOM with less detail and budget. Aside from fighting the Cadence (less scary versions of XCOM's aliens, each have their own ability), you can research new weapons/armors, arrange marraiges to create new heroes, and strategically build your heroes up to withstand the attacks of the Cadence.  I picked this game up for $5, but I would still recommend it at the full $20. It's a really fun game with no serious setbacks. It's simple yet it contains enough strategy to keep my mind engaged. 7/10 overall."
,Recommended,246110,20489911,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,neofreek4620,"I picked up Massive Chalice because one of my friends said they thought it would be good. . . . . 10 hours later I have to confess two things:1) I thought they would be wrong, but it was on sale.and2) 10 hours of gameplay is just scratching the surface. I can't wait to finish this playthorugh and run it again! Though there are a few mechanics (Regency and traits) that took me a bit to figure out, this game does a great job of putting you into the driver's seat quickly while making sure you feel equipped to handle what is being thrown at you."
,Recommended,246110,20478318,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Redhotviking,"A very fun game that can be very unforgiving. The way legacy and heros work is unique and makes the game very nice.I would suggest keeping the Keeps for Breeding close and the Cruicbels and Research Stations at the outer edges. Reason is that You can survive without increased speed in research in the end game, and the crucibels only ensure your new heros start at a better level. But without new heros you will lose the game. The benefits of the outer regions are worth keeping as they have benefits for holding them.The Hybrid classes however are not as good as I would like them to be, and I try to keep the 3 main classes breed in the keeps stay as such and have a fourth keep that can produce various hybrids as I change up the formula a bit. But so far I prefer the main classes far more than the Hybrids."
,Recommended,246110,20441599,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Dr4wnOut,"I'm not usually a fan of tactical strategy games, but this one is just such an incredible mix of heroes, and story, not to mention the strategy involved. I got to the last level, and lost, but felt more inclined to start again, and make different choices. I've never wanted to do that more in a game. The voice acting is great, the comedy (when you play through the silly version) is funny and well put, and the game is brilliantly designed."
76561197980145954,Recommended,246110,20439458,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Maker_Wolf,"Just beat massive challice, and... I loved it. I was super into x-com, so I saw this on sale and gave it a shot.It's not quite as fleshed out as x-com, the game feels a bit bare-bones, but the there are a lot of really interesting mehcanics that aren't immediately obvious. For example, there are only 3 classes, but by marring together heros from 2 different classes, you can create mixes. The regent determines the weapon and armor, and their partner determines they're sub-class, so there are actually 9 different classes. Also, the hero-breeding is really deep, heros have actual genes. So some genese aren't expressed, but can still show if you marry them with somebody else that also has the dormant gene.The music is super catchy, that's always a huge plus. The combat is similar to x-com, in that it heavily rewards taking it slow, and picking off straglers until there's nobody left.I DEFINETLY recommend playing on Ironman mode, even if you have to lower the difficulty. X-com is way more fun when played like a roguelike, and this game is too.I played on ironman normal mode, and I found it to be slightly too easy, but pretty close to perfect. I got my self in a few tight spots, but I got through the game on my first try. Definetly put it on hard if you're not playing ironman mode."
76561197970345755,Recommended,246110,20432608,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,scoop20906,"(7/10) This game has more than meets the eye. I don't like the art style (the character models are hideous) but the breeding of your heroes is fascinating. Unfortunately, the game doesn't prepare you for the final battle so the way you build your bloodlines matters a lot. I did't mind figuring it our but this game is hard if you don't know what you are doing and hard if you do. Good strategy helps but there is lots of randomness which leaves replay-ability but sometimes had me tearing my hair out. Ending was anticlimactic. I guess I was just expecting more celebration after 300 years of toil.  Maybe a list of my heroes or them all at a dance afterwards. But Massive Chalice is worth the price I paid and I recommend it."
76561197979322118,Recommended,246110,20415520,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Moeser,"Massive Chalice is a good example of a game that went through the Early Access phase and was eventually followed through to successful completion.  I've seen several games that went through Early Access and were later abandoned by the developer, so it's nice to see an example that turned out to be a polished and fun game.You'll see a lot of people commenting about how the play style is similar to Xcom, and they're right.  I do like Xcom, but I actually like Massive Chalice better than Xcom because of the way heros can be married together to form families and offspring, and eventually new heroes.  The traits and stats of the parents influence the traits, stats, and initial experience level of the next generation of heroes.  With some clever planning over which hero I marry to another, I can have a batch of fresh new recruits leveled up and waiting to replace the aging (or dead) ones.  Contrast that with Xcom, where you lose one of your soldiers and they're just gone.I feel like Massive Chalice's building placement mechanic improved on the 'base building' mechanic seen in Xcom.  I don't have to worry about excavating some area, and providing power or anything silly like that.  Instead they added bonuses based on what building you place and where.  They simplified the building concept while also improving on it.  I also like the random events that come up and require a decision to be made.  The decisions made for those events have lasting effects on how the game progresses, and add flavor to the story.I hope the developers consider making a Massive Chalice 2."
76561197999750586,Recommended,246110,20307626,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Grendel,I didn't know much about this game but I found it full of original ideas well executed.I recommend it to anyone who loves strategy and doesn't hate Double Fine.
,Recommended,246110,20807393,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Asur,"For low price game is good enough, but it is little boring because of lack of conten. For more interesing game process needs construction system, better fight with deeper class and heroes system, use of the ground is necessary for every land tactical game. Events in game realised bad, no choises, no results.But still need to understand, game is not bad for low price."
76561198064376953,Recommended,246110,20758642,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,w.lucas,"An enjoyable game.  All the more so if you can get it on sale!I'm a fan of the Civilization series, and the XCOM series.  And I _want_ to be a fan of Crusader Kings 2, but I'm not up to that challenge.  So, Massive Chalice hits all the right spots for me.It won't make you breakfast in the morning, but it will definitely keep you up late."
76561198000465080,Recommended,246110,20750522,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Frodo,"Pros:Solid and enjoyable gameplayentertaining soundbitesoriginal conceptCons:I don't like the art style (but that's personal preference)doesn't feel like it will have a high replayabilityI only recently picked up this game while it was on sale and I must say I wish I had bought it sooner. Massive Chalice is an excellent blend of long term strategy and turn based tactics.to give you a comparison, it plays very much like a low fantasy version of XCOM Enemy Unknown. You take on the role of the faceless (and mute) commander, You place your buildings into your lands. The enemy attacks several provinces at once and you can only defenc one of them.But unlike XCOM, your heros have a limited lifespan and will eventually die of age if the enemy doesn't get them first.to save some of their valuable traits you can marry your heros off in order to breed the next generation of cannon fodder. This adds a whole new dimension to strategy and it is something I wish more games could implement.overall I would give it about a 4/5the only downsides are the blocky looking art style which I don't like but seems popular these days. and the fact that it seems like it will have limited replayability, there are only so many ways to do things so I feel that aside from achivement hunting it won't get to many repeats from me."
,Recommended,246110,20749460,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,nArrAtor,"This game is challenging.这个游戏很有挑战性。For my first try I think it is an XCOM like game.我刚开始的时候以为这又是一个仿幽浮系列的游戏。But after that I realized I`m wrong about the concepts of this game.之后，我才明白自己想错了。It does like XCOM, BattleBrothers or whatever turn based stragety game, but there is a differences, you are not chose your warrior but your bloodlines. You need to make your attention on your population which directly affects the heros you can choose in a single battle, also the age of your heros does have the same effects.这确实像幽浮、兄弟战团或者其他的什么回合制策略类游戏，不过这里有些不一样的地方，你不是选择你的战士，而是选择你的血统。你需要时刻注意你的人口信息，它直接影响到你每场能选择的英雄数目，当然，还有年龄。There are actually 12 types of units rather than the simple 3. And each type is unique. In the right usage of your abilities that you can make it easy to defeat your enemies. i.e. Due to the lack management of population I use only to Shadowjacker to fight a battle, but I won(In a stealth->recon->stun->attack process). So there is a lot much fun.这里不单单是3种单位，实际是12种单位。每一个单位都是很特别的。使用正确就能轻易击败你的敌人。举个栗子，由于我对人口管理的疏漏，我有一场战斗只有2个潜影破坏者，但是，我通过潜行-〉侦查-〉击晕-〉攻击的流程赢了那局。所以我玩这游戏不会少乐子And there are different types of monsters. Try not to be agressive before you find out the attribute of those invadors.这游戏还有各种各样的怪物。在弄清楚它们的特性之前，切忌冒进。GL HF.祝你好运，玩得愉快！"
,Recommended,246110,20826159,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,The entire population of Russia,"Interesting game until it starts repeating itself, first 150 years are fun. 8/10 players hates Wrinklers, it is really weird when you start a battle with 15 year old hero and at the end he died of old age."
76561197998694562,Recommended,246110,20780021,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Beren Grey,"Short version: it's XCom.Long version: it's XCom over something like 300 years and your heroes grow old and die, plan accordinly.  it's clever and fun like you'd expect from Double Fine.The one thing that isn't really positive or negative is that every game is different. you can get very lucky and skate through or you can completly fail 20 years in through no fault of your own. so there can be a frustrating moment or two. Take a couple minutes on youtube and find a getting started guide,"
76561197996900610,Recommended,246110,20854844,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,[RASH] - Monsieur Karnage,"Bon p♥♥♥♥♥jeu façon XCom, à prendre en promo ! C'est moche mais c'est addictif. On retrouve un peu du délire du Trône de Fer dedans en faisant des croisements génétiques entre les différentes maisons. Ca m'étonnerait pas qu'une version bien plus jolie et bien plus lourde voit le jour dans les années à venir."
,Recommended,246110,30865664,Posted: 31 March,all,SB_101,"As a medium-length single play-through experience, I find much to admire. I love the fantasy-feudal aesthetic; the perfectly managed difficulty curve; perhaps the best strictly turn-based combat-system I've played; and a thoroughly enjoyable and novel bloodline management system necessary for producing well-stated retinues (of warriors/trainers/scholars/breeders).The only criticism I might make is that monster difficulty means one's hand is forced - if overexposed to hostiles, tactical retreat feels more a necessity than a choice. Trust me, if you overextend and fail to put down more than one or two threats, you can face decimation.My top three tips:1) it takes 12~ kills for a character to earn a relic (as denoted by a nickname) - in the early game, keep prioritizing one non-nicknamed character to give killing blows to get relics asap.2) Imo, H Keep -> Sj Keep -> Sagewright -> A Keep -> H Keep -> Crucible -> Sagewright. Winning combination of 2 Hunter bloodlines (allowing intermarriage for pure Hunters, with the indespensible follow-up, + breed enough to marry into the other houses); 1 shadowjack bloodline (cabalist+hunter); and 1 boomstriker bloodline (alchemist+hunter).3) Hunters are the best early-game. But a late-game vanguard with 2 hunters (to pick off distance threats), 2 shadowjacks (stealth executioners with rampage at lvl 10), and an alchemist (destorying multiple threats whilst unseen wuth honed hearing + 10 bombs at lvl 10)."
76561197991601772,Recommended,246110,25906389,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,whitefoxff7,So it took me 18 hours to beat my first playtrhough. I did iron mode on normal. The game is crazy easy if your experienced in X-Com so i recommend playing on normal for a few hours to understand whats going on and then switch to Brutal when you want to play the game to finish it.Pro; Making family names and seeing generations of heroes under those banners was very fun.Cons: Game was a bit too easy on normal mode and it felt repeative in the last 6 hours. There are only so many monsters with no bosses.Is it worth a play through hell yeah. Will i play it again probably down the line but on the hardest difficulty.
,Recommended,246110,26097710,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Fion,"I loved this game especially how you have to keep bloodlines going and keep your people alive.I also liked how the combat was done. It is pretty solid in how they made it.Some great points like it states on the games store page.Bloodline Genetics - MASSIVE CHALICE features an innovative Bloodline system that allows the player to marry heroes together to produce children. The Bloodline system uses a randomized genetic code for every hero. Their children can end up with the best (or worst!) gameplay-impacting traits of their parents.Permadeath - The heroes in MASSIVE CHALICE age over the course of the timeline and eventually pass away. This forces the player to engage in the beauty of permadeath and always juggle an imperfect party of heroes with which to do battle!Long View Strategy - Because the war lasts 300 years, players need to take a long view of their strategy. Decisions have to be made dozens of years in advance and long-term planning is incredibly important. That 3-year-old toddler is going to grow up to be your most reliable melee fighter sooner than you think!"
,Recommended,246110,27269814,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,kayatchi,"I love this game!  The graphics are neat.  The story is minimal, but interesting.  Some mechanics in Massive Chalice are unique, like the bloodlines and heirloom weapons.  Easily a ""Just 5 more minutes"" winner."
76561198153721303,Recommended,246110,27155980,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,theoaffonso2002,"A ton of ways to play the game and a few that will even work!This can be unforgiving, especially if you are willing to take risks during events like the one that can either make all of your hero patriotic or child-averse, but all in all, you can recover from most mistakes and the grooming of your new generations is horribly addictive.If you are at odds with RNG the game may be a little frustrating at times, but otherwise it's amazing and I hope they expand on it."
,Recommended,246110,26419593,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,8-Kit,"XCOM, with medieval classes, ♥♥♥♥ing, bloodlines and time-based strategy."
,Recommended,246110,26512906,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,WarChief_GarrKhan,"I played to about 160 years into the game.I have to say everytime I played through some combat or finished a thing in the timeline I would say ""Ok but when you're done this go to bed.""Guess who stayed up hours past the time they intended to sleep and only got 45 minutes worth?Me."
76561198051422528,Recommended,246110,26476760,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Rispo24,"Good game, a little too much randomness. Played the final mission two times from a previous savegame - first try was impossible, second one super easy. Would buy it again on sale."
,Recommended,246110,26489164,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Chrispea,"This game comes across as an XCOM lite but it has some interesting stuff with managing bloodlines and such, I think it has enough to stand on its own even if it isn't as in depth as XCOM. I just wish there was more. Hopefully they make a sequal."
76561198020052685,Not Recommended,246110,26442173,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FunkyMcNasty,not what I was expecting. the game loses its appeal rather quickly and is very underwhelming. not worth the $19.99.
76561198083014569,Recommended,246110,26642134,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Sewer Clown,loved this gameall i need to say
76561198027326143,Recommended,246110,26813846,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jolly Rogers,Good story really nice and refreshing. Big plus the colorful graphics.
76561198259209333,Recommended,246110,27412685,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,azeria.buening,Love this game. Better than talking to family. 10/10/10
76561198043295880,Recommended,246110,24788766,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,EhDubb,"It's interesting, but not particularly good. I bought it mostly as a cheap alternative to X-Com and to support Double Fine who put out interesting stuff, and supporting the independents is always a must.But as another, long winded but well put together review said, it gets repetitive quickly, there's no life to the world; I strongly recommend playing this windowed and running YouTube or something on the side.X-Com is probably better (I wouldn't know) but I feel duty bound to recommend Massive Chalice. It has some nice ideas and the art style is quite striking. For its faults, I still like it. Just be sure to pick it up on sale."
76561198041703688,Recommended,246110,24847258,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Agix,Surprised me how much I enjoyed this. I wanted more and probably won't be satisfied - but value for money it is definitely worth it. Striking uniqueness of the environment and simplified combat mechanics stand out most.
76561198108269527,Recommended,246110,24460248,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,quantum_jak,"This mission has been costly already, with one hero having fallen. Two enemies left to kill and the mission will be complete. Both enemies are close together and killing one will result in the other dying. If my next shot misses my turn will be over and one of my heroes will certainly die in the next round. My last move is a shot by a hunter. Game tells me that he has a 100% chance to make the shot. I breathe a sigh of relief, ""Good... this is over."" I take the 100% shot and IT MISSES!!! WTF!!! Both enemies survive and kill another hero during their turn. Finally my turn is up and two quick shots end the bloodbath.Massice Chalice! Because apparently even 100% odds can be random!!!!"
76561197961772606,Recommended,246110,25024679,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,ApexAnalog,This game is awesome. It's like X-COM meets Game of Thrones.
76561198162141410,Recommended,246110,25061883,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,lucasisdabomb2,"Have Ten heroes one year, get attacked, lose the whole squad, have event which causes attack, lose that whole squad, then have all my keeps produce ten more heroes just to repeat cycle. 11/10 would do again"
76561198009367751,Recommended,246110,25009113,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Rewbis,"Like XCOM, but lite. Some very cool mechanics (I feel bad for the people I marry off... but the bloodlines must be preserved!) and an epic scope. Is the guy voiceover the guy from Defense Grid? Top marks tothe voice acting.Could have had some more monster types and maybe big boss battles, but as it works on my potato, I am not complaining."
,Recommended,246110,24912716,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Big Boss,"Massive Chalice may not be about revolutionary gameplay, immense storytelling or amazing graphics - but it sure has a lot of heart.This is a turn based tactical role playing game, with the same kind of mechanics and tricks we've seen in every single game - you, as the player, need to rule your kingdom and the different houses under your command for the next 300 years, where every few years you engage in combat against an unknown enemy known as the ""corruption"", that seeks to devour the world completely - with only you standing in it's way.The game consists of two main phases - the ""relaxation"" phase, when the years just fly by - and you need to take care of your people's needs, such as marrying your houses in order to spawn future fighters who will fight for you, make technological and spiritual advances to aid you in combat, resolve disputes and other matters that occur throughout your kingdom - and getting ready for the next attack. I will only say that what I found out, and that truly shined in my eyes when it comes to this phase - is that the same scenario could get resolved in many different ways: for instance, if you get a mission to send one of your warriors to a far away land to learn about ways of defeating the corruption, on one playthrough, the warrior might return safely with the needed information, on another, it might die on the way there, and in the third, return safetly, but suffer from trauma because of the things he's seen, which will make him much less efficient in combat.What it means is that no two scenarios will resolve the same way - and even if you've known one from one of your previous playthroughs, you might be in for a whole different experience. This truly makes the tactician within you shine, as you analyse the situation ahead and don't just make rush decisions and take every challenge without thinking. Also, it makes for a much more enjoyable gameplay and for a higher replayability value.The second phase is called the ""action"" phase - when the corruption will try and attack different parts of your land simutaneously. Here, you will have to choose your battles carefully - according to different aspects such as the threat level, the amount of corruption that part of the land has (3 corruption points result in that area being lost forever) and if it's evolved or not (you can assign different buildings to every land (one building per land) - and these buildings help you research things faster or spawn new warriors for you, according to their purpose). The battles are pretty much what you'd expect - at the begging, before the fight itself, you have to build your squad of five people. Diversity is important, although I have personally found archer type fighters to be the most efficient, and therefore, tried to always have 3 of them in every squadron I built. Then, you go into the battle itself, killing the monsters that the corruption has been spawning in that particular place. Every monster has it's own abilities, method of attack, etc, which makes for a quite enjoyable battle experience. The elements in the map itself could also be used for your advantage - for instance, some plants explode, giving secondary damage to characters, and pushing monsters against boulders might result in extra damage as well. And it truly makes you keep a watchful eye for the best plan of attack.I will also say that the AI in this game is surprisingly well written - it will sometimes pull stuff out of it's sleeve that would make you question your leadership abilities. ;)But where this game truly shines upon others - is with it's implementation of the concept of ""time"". As I've said earlier, you have to survive for 300 years. And the warriors you've started with, will not be the ones who will finish the fight.Because of this, you have to find yourself preparing hundreds of years into the future - making sure to provide a lineage for your strongest warriors. And this in no easy task - each warrior, male and female, have different fertility aspects - some are more likely to bear children than others. Also, some combinations of men and women will not get along, resulting in no family. And every one of the warriors you place as lords of one of the keeps (these are one of the types of buildings you could build on any given land), will be removed from battle - which means you always have to keep other, well trained warriors who could take their place, when the time comes.Some other aspects of time in this game include - the ageing process of different characters, the ability to pass on some artefacts from father or mother to sons & daughters (which makes evolving your warriors to their full potential, worthwhile), and monsters who can make warriors age faster with a simple hit (and even kill them on hit, if they're old enough already).As I've said earlier, the implementation of ""time"" here, is really something to look forward to.You will also find yourself having a true connection with different characters - warriors who have survived many battles, for more than a hundred years. Being by your side and helping you along the way. Although they're no different from other characters - the feelings you'll have for them, will make you wanting to keep them around for as long as possible, and succeeding in doing so - all the more satisfying.Overall, the game is not that difficult (on normal difficulty, that is) and is actually rather enjoyable, once you get the hang of it (I have lost 2 warriors in total all around, that haven't died of age when their time came). As long as you manage the aspects correctly, and balancing the different development options the game provides you - you'd be more than ok, and 300 years should be a breeze.A great recommendation, for a true gem of a game. :)"
,Recommended,246110,27552022,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vartic,"The simplest way to characterize this game is an X-Com Lite. You build your kingdom, research upgrades, recruit heroes and try and defend against an endless assault of enemies. You win while if you survive a set number of years. Now if this was all that was to it then I would not recommend this game.Instead the story of the kingdom comes together over the years, you get to know the bloodlines of you empire, you make decisions that have repercusions later down the road. I for one didn't establish an alchemist bloodline and later down the road all my alchemists died of old age, I had no alchemists for more than 100 years, but I still won battles because I chose strong heroes to train future generations.I had one of my strongest bloodline of front line warriors die out because the matriarch of the clan had low fertility and a long life so her sons and daugthers died in battle before they could foster children of their own.I lost a whole region to corruption because my only alchemist was a drunk and a stray grenade killed two of my best archers.I also won against great odds against me because of a combination of strategic thinking, good recruits and knowing my enemies' abilities. And on this I would like to note the classes and enemies in this game are very original.Also a big plus to the game's music and voice acting."
76561198030778913,Recommended,246110,27990236,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Showenough,"I really enjoy this game for a number of reasons....stealth, strategy, interesting story line, and a real sense of conflict versus an relentless enemy force (that is not zombies for once :) .  It would be great to see a DLC or another version of the game with a few new classes, land expansion, etc... A very fun game though that can be completed at any level of gaming exp and enjoyable."
,Recommended,246110,27442731,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tbear326,"Best ""Strategy Game that's also a Breeding Program Sim"" game NA"
76561198333305202,Recommended,246110,28232355,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ironwarrior79,"A good game with a massizing concept, also presents a nice challenge"
76561197970136510,Recommended,246110,28123523,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,chaosamp,BLUF (Bottom Line Up Front): You should get this game if you are a fan of XCOM type strategy and/or DoubleFine's gamelay.I enjoyed it for a spell but in the end if you don't plan for the future it ends up hopeless.  You watch your favorite heroes wither and die while forcing you to spread the traits of ones you don't even know based solely on their young age.  It loses the connection with individual units or squads and pushes forward to show an epic span of 200+ years but with heroes being born and dying frequently.  A very niche game but fun regardless.A solid game to purchase at a discount.
76561198007494538,Recommended,246110,28209960,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Shogulix,"great game, 8/10constant struggle with breeding and aging heroes with the continual loss of ground, keeps you fighting for your life.one of the best turn based games ive played in awhile."
76561198046140667,Recommended,246110,28353530,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Bileh DK,"The main concept in this game is that everything passes, in time. What matters is what you and the collective learn from your mistakes or good experiences.Basically what you do is manage marriages and research/construction in order to prepare for a big event which is the cleansing of the ""cadence"", a corrupting force that tries to anihilate the world; while also leading your vanguard heroes through tactical turn-based battles, similar to XCOM. The thing is, the choices you make and the random nature of genetics and other sudden events make this game unique, even for a long time fan of the old XCOM. One could find that the combat mechanics and equipment seem simpler, and the ""permadeath"" factor is constant and inevitable, but if you accept it, as the game proposes, the experience may be challenging and rewarding.The game is vey well made overall, I've found just one single bug (not game breaking)."
76561198007206147,Recommended,246110,32928741,Posted: 28 June,all,Senortubbs,"Very interesting game that will reliably give you a really fun 20 hours gameplay (the length of a single playthrough) if not more. It's XCom meets Game of Thrones!This review is mainly for people, like me who are are fans of XCom, but need something different to give us our ""fix"".Massive Chalice (MC) takes the basics of XCom - the turn based tactical gameplay and the overarching strategy of building a squad and base to survive an invasion, and then adds its own little twists.Most importantly, it tries to fix one of the main problems of XCom, where once you build up a strong base and squad, the game ceases to be difficult. MC does this with the somewhat inspired ""generations"" mechanic, whereby your heroes will decline with old age, eventually die, and their children and grandchildren have to take up the fight. This helps prevent the game from getting stale, and keeps it interesting and challenging right to the end.There are some bad points. Elements of the game just aren't quite balanced. The tactical gameplay is messy. The cover mechanic doesn't make a whole lot of sense, it's unclear when your troops can and can't be hit. And counter to that, it's a bit counterintuitive as to why proximity to the target doesn't affect the accuracy or damage of archers, but is critical to people throwing explosive flasks (for accuracy sure, but damage also increasing with proximity!?!).In terms of strategy, the generational breeding is a great concept, but I feel may have been, understandable, held back by not wanting to go too far down lines of either eugenics or gender stereotyping. It's never entirely clear, for instance, at what age your heroes can stop having children.The good points definitely outweigh the bad. Definitely worth the purchase."
76561198115031519,Not Recommended,246110,29127874,Posted: 8 January,all,Novemberalpha,"Turn based squad tactics game along the lines of XCom, adding the twist of ruling a kingdom over several centuries, breeding your heros to be better with every generation.The GoodUnique concept and the makings of an good story.Excellent and entertaining dialog and voice acting.Managing a bloodlines, active heros, researchers, and trianers is challenging.The idea of breeding heros for traits is fascinating (as is the ability for trainees to pick up personality traits -both good and bad- of the mentors) and forces the player to think to the future.Creating Hybrid classes present interesting options, especially when weighed against other strengths of available partner choices for bloodlines.Good variety of enemy types, each requiring different strategies to deal with.Art style is interresting. Combat maps provide good detail for the gameplay.Nearly endless visual customization for starting houses.The BadStory needs more depth. Very little background is provided about the kingdom or the enemy. Unfulfilling ending.Choice of starting houses/bloodline is cosmetic only.Bloodlines and breeding systems not well explained.Relic weapons not explained.AI is not intelligent. Simply clearing line of sight causes the enemey to forget you exist. This lack of intelligence could poetntially make sense if explained by deeper backstory.Class skill choices need improvement. Choices between skills often provides one obviously superior skill.Item/weapon/armor variety needs improvement. Several choices feel like filler only and not useful with limited item equipment slots.The UI is a good start and reasonably clean but lacking in details. Requires multiple steps to access some basic information, no hover-over or click-action tooltips on character pages where its needed most, certain ""close menu"" buttons can be easily confused for cancel action.The UglyClass balance is terrible. Hunters (and their hybrid classes) alone can win the day with minimal casualties or even hits taken - especially paired with veil armor which is available very early. Caberjack melee class is not effective enough for front line combat nor does it have the staying power needed for this role. Alchemists are stuck between being too weak to leave exposed to attacks and too short ranged to be involved in battle.Many enemy types have consequences for being close. This pushs the player further toward using only Hunter classes.Random events in the kindom overview provide only the illusion of choice. Events have roughly equal chance of positive or negative results regardless of which offered solution is chosen, and often have little long term consequence.Ultimately a great concept that fails to deliver on several levels thanks to poor execution and balance. Recommended only if heavily discounted."
76561198079788513,Recommended,246110,29014565,Posted: 4 January,all,Knights Of Alandria,I have only two words: ♥♥♥♥ing. ruptures.
76561198013493540,Recommended,246110,29116425,Posted: 8 January,all,TopHatTom,In short this game has game machanics that I have never seen before.  I would like too see something like this with a X-Com  makeover.  If your looking for a great turnbased game for a weekend and beyond give this one a try you wont regret it.
76561198110425390,Recommended,246110,29204227,Posted: 12 January,all,Le Shrimp,"(Played this game on the Xbone too, so have significantly more hours than stated)This is definately a gem of a game, although often very difficult and frustrating. You'll probably be on your third playthrough before you actually finish the game (especially if not playing on easy) due to the games strange mechanics and lack of explanation. I feel like this is where all the negatibity comes from.For the majority of the game you will just be playing a squad combat type gameplay. The other part of the game is creating heroes through bloodlines to use in this combat (+to use for a few extras like Sagewrites and Crucibles). Every hero has unique stats and a set class, depending on their parents. Your heroes will age, and die once they get too old. This sounds like a frustrating concept at first, however it really makes you use the bloodlines system, and gives the game alot of depth missing from other squad combat games.Again, I think alot of negativity comes from people not bothering with these mechanics, hitting a dead end, and blaming the game.My issue with this game is ****ing RNGesus. In combat, you have a chance to miss shots (even in Melee) which REALLY frustrates me when everyone in my squad misses a creature and it proceeds to blow my favourite character up. Having said that, maybe the game wouldnt be so addicting if it wasnt for RNGesus. Reccomend this game. 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,246110,29189875,Posted: 11 January,all,Iron Prophet,"A very XCOM like feel to this one, but with the base building changed out for families.  I personally did enjoy my initial play through.  But I can't feel myself playing again.  I did enjoy the bloodlines gimic; probably somewhere in other games, but my first time accross the concept.  Just OK combat sequencies with nothing to write home about.Like I said I did enjoy my first run, but I can't say I would recommend it at full price.  If you have time to kill and if it is on sale go for it, otherwise better options out there."
76561198121857250,Recommended,246110,29281094,Posted: 15 January,all,gravuerc,"Massive Chalice reminds me of the turn based small unit tactic games of my youth like Warsong and Final Fantasy Tactics.In Massive Chalice, you take on the role of a newly appointed immortal king who is desperately fighting a delaying war over several centuries to hold back the evil tide of a force known as the Cadence.With each Cadence invasion, you deploy five heroes to defend against one and only one invasion point, on a map based on the territory that is being attacked.As the years pass and your heroes grow older you need to plan for the long term by building keeps, completing research projects, and forging strong bloodlines, so that a new generation of heroes can take up the call to arms.Pros•	Old school turn based strategy.•	Rewards strategic long term planning.•	Small unit tactics.•	The Massive Chalice is an entertaining character and a constant companion as you defend your kingdom over the passing centuries.Cons•	Lack of personality for your heroes and their bloodlines.•	Random events are a little too random, only giving you the illusion of choice.•	No steam workshop support to mod the game.Overall I had a blast playing Massive Chalice so I recommend it to anyone who enjoys this style of game. Now blast the horns of battle!"
76561197996791417,Recommended,246110,24366294,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,OwlaKazam,"The game has a simple, yet unique story.  Battles are somewhat repetetive (# of enemy increase and the variety/strength).  Some random events can hurt/help -- though they add some depth to the story (these can be annoying because of the random outcome.  I'd prefer clear cost/effect choices).  It has a good art style, voice acting, and runs smooth.The multi-generation aspect is sad but fun. There are 3 main class types that each have 3 sub-classes; the game would be better if you could select how the regents (you've selected to breed) would train their subclass kids.  It is hard to get the classes/variety/spread that you want when you have to select from a limited pool of heroes, which is more limited based on bad stats and infertility.The game actually has some cool strategic items that change how you use characters.  Some problem though:1) having to research them when you are trying to keep your hero stock up2) can't level up relics and use the new weapons3) they list the units you will face, which might make you consider equiping wunderpants or knockback/stun attacks.  But when you are trying to level up a specific hero to get a relic or upgrade a relic it is hard to transfer an hunter/alchemist/caberjack out for the other (since you only get about 4 combats to level them up in their lifespan).4) you won't have enough troops to exchange in/out of your line-up if you are doing bad or getting unlucky on child births and stuff.In general, the RNG % attacks is better in this game than in Xcom, but still pretty similar.  Scatter for explosives and clinking attacks for melee that miss.  I wish to see a turn-based game that has reliable attacks that increase/decrease damage based on distance traveled, energy used, combat positioning, targeting (that sort of thing).  In RNG games likes this and Xcom, I find myself reloading a lot on challenging difficulties or getting upset in ironman modes after high % attacks miss consectivelt and through you off.I'm not really a fan of fog of war, or at least how it is done in Xcom and Massive Chalice, (very similar).  Plenty of turn-based games go without it and do a good job.  The only one I can think of that uses it well would be Frozen Synapse -- but that game is like tactical mind games.I'd reccomend this game to those that like turn based combat rather than a 4x or something along those lines.   Comparable games would be the Expedition: Conquistador/Vikings series and XCOM.   It has some flaws, but all in all it is alright and you can pick it up for a cheap price on sale."
76561198051194348,Recommended,246110,30724909,Posted: 25 March,all,Chance,"Incredible squad-based TBS game.I played this for 10 hours straight the day I bought it; the need to make game-changing choices is fascinating and the added bonus of having to essentially ""breed"" heroes (instead of just picking them from default like in XCOM) adds an extra layer to the game.My only criticism is that although I played fairly well (not perfectly optimized) I found myself unable to complete the final battle and I'm unwilling to sink another 30 hours into playing it all through again.I'll just say I beat the game and watch the ending on YouTube. No one will know. :)"
,Not Recommended,246110,30222182,Posted: 27 February,all,Vante,"Enjoyable artwork, It has a nice theme, the mechanic of breeding your heroes is somewhat interesting... but it also leaves you with zero feelings for them when they die. And every few battles you start over with new heroes. Leveling people up and adding skills is a huge draw for me, so the fact that this game actively dissuades that is a confusing choice. The battle maps are visually pleasing. The enemies are mediocre, and the core tactical gameplay is almost boring.The best thing this game has going for it is it reminded me how much I love XCOM. You're better off playing that."
76561198022656245,Recommended,246110,35255253,Posted: 27 September,all,logicdude,Really nice aesthetic and fun premise!
