user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,246580,7752853,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Capndrake,"A modified version of The House of the Dead: Overkill in which you kill zombies (Sorry, I mean mutants) by typing words, how can it get any more awesome than that? It's based on the Extended Cut version of the game, which means it has redone graphics and two extra levels when compared to the original Wii release. If you get bored of typing, you can also play the entire shooting version of the game, which works pretty differently, meaning you basically get two games for the price of one.It must be said that the typing side of the game isn't nearly as interesting or unique as the original Typing of the Dead, boss fights don't have fun gimmicks like answering questions correctly or being forced not to make any errors, and the difficulty remains pretty low through the whole game, even on the hardest difficulty, while in the original it was adjusted depending on how well you were doing. Still heavily recommended, just try to play the original as well somehow, because it's definitely better."
76561198087794419,Recommended,246580,32809072,Posted: 26 June,all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"Preface: Reviewer is just playing under 2 hours experienceRECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you can do high speed typing & enjoy adult humor, buy it*No, if your typing speed is average, don't buy itESTIMATED COMPLETION TIME:*Maybe around 4 hoursGAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Not adjustable( _ ) Game made for casual gamer( _ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( _ ) Unlockable loadout / startup customizationGAME FEATURES:( _ ) Level-up progression( _ ) Online Player versus Player( ✔ ) Online Cooperative( ✔ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( ✔ ) Campaign Mode (Linear story)( _ ) Campaign Mode (Multiple Ending)( ✔ ) Allow to continue playing after the end( _ ) Random loots/npc/map selected( _ ) Random level generated( _ ) Collectible Items (Replay Value)( _ ) Photo Mode (No HUD, free camera)( ✔ ) Score Attack / Personal Best( _ ) Statistic( _ ) Microtransactions( ✔ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( _ ) Puzzle Solving( _ ) Focus on Reading Texts( _ ) Open World (Fast Travel Around)( ✔ ) Adult Content( ✔ ) Fun Achievements( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud Save( _ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat SystemONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >80 weekday >900 weekend( _ ) >20 weekday >50 weekend( _ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( ✔ ) 0 weekday 0 weekend( _ ) Online is fun, but preferably offline( _ ) Online is imbalance, preferably offline( _ ) Online is bored, preferably offline( ✔ ) Online is empty, have to play offlineLIKES:+Very fun to type+Many action+Interesting bosses+Adult humor+Sexy ladys+Mini games+Classic shooting modeDISLIKES:-Texture very low resolution-Very few graphic setting-Classic shooting mode is not fun-Classic shooting mode have only pistol-Score penalty to live again-BUG: The monitor blink every time i diedQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2013)CPresentationBContents Volume?ArtisticBLevel DesignBCombat TacticBSound & MusicBRealistic AnimatedB-Online ValueAReplay ValueATechnical issueBOverallBBEST DISCOUNT:80% off, since june 2017WORTH BUYING:( _ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( ✔ ) Yes, can wait for sales( _ ) No, the developer has no plan to improve( _ ) No, not worth the time on itWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC( _ ) Yes, base game + DLC + Season Pass( ✔ ) No, DLC is different value( _ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedMORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnG_psDSNAw*Game File Size: 7.7 GBhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/246580/The_Typing_of_The_Dead_Overkill/"
,Recommended,246580,12325210,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Typing of The Dead: Overkill is a game where you kill zombies by typing, it is based on the zombie game House of the Dead: Overkill.Gameplay is simple and straightforward. Your point of view moves through the game world automatically, all you have to do is type every word that floats into view in order to kill the zombies. About capitalization, spaces, or punctuation you do not have to worry. How fast the zombies in front of you will attack is indicated by the colour surrounding the words.The words that pop up are randomised, so each player's experience of the game is unique.The storyline is presented cinematically with film scratches, a psychedelic ""intermission"" screen when data is being loaded. Each of the 9 chapters arrive with a movie trailer voiceover that perfectly captures the spirit of the cheap golden age of bad movies.Besides of the normal game mode there is a little arcade mode of mini-games where you can try out a survival mode with forever-spawning waves of zombies. The game also comes with the full version of the House of the Dead: Overkill, so you can play through it with mouse or controller if you want.The game can also be played cooperatively.The graphics are bad. The textures and models look pretty miserably when you are playing.The sound and dialogues can be really annoying after a while.However, I think criticising it for being ugly is to miss the point. The game is funny with hilarious characters and overall an enjoyable game that I would recommend if you want to improve your typing ability.Sounds 6/10Graphics 5/10Gameplay 8/10Atmosphere 7/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Recommended,246580,22141553,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"A game that feels like and plays like a b rate horror movie?Awesome!Pros:-I personally thought the dialogue in this game was hilarious to listen to-Interesting Bosses to kill-You can switch to The House Of The Dead any time in the menu of the game if your sick of typing-I like the mix of playing as both a male & a female-Alot of swearing-Decent Voice Acting-Many collectibles to gain-Lots of replayability-Some of the songs in this game are catchy to listen to (There's also a few funny songs)-Easy controlsCons:-There are only 9 levels in this gameVerdictI had quite a while to have so much fun with a game,while not a masterpiece its certainly a unique experience 8/10.If you find the normal price a bit steep wait for a sale its a steal!"
,Recommended,246580,14874941,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Obvious,"There's something genius about killing Zombie strippers by rapidly typing phrases like ""MONEY ON THE COUNTER"" and ""NIPPLE TASSLES"".Wonderful exploitation storyline, straight out of the brain-farts of Tarantino, and I'm pretty certain my typing speed's increased thanks to it. Arguable educational tool?Yes."
,Recommended,246580,7764770,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Hean,"Type your enemies to death with some hammering key strokes. Intense and enjoyable music, a good feel with every correct hit and the cheesy as heck voice acting fits perfectly in the style of the old one. Story is ""cliche"" in the sense of that they take the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, just perfect. Now with co-op, so definitely something that's worth trying out."
,Recommended,246580,12718587,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Phil Spencer,"What else can be said that hasn't already been said?This game isintentionallyoffensive and occasionally sexist, however only so much so as to imitate grindhouse-style cinema. If you're a sheltered delicate snowflake, this game isnotfor you; and it certainly isn't for children.However, if you can look past those things, or you even enjoy those things, you'll like this game.While I'd recommend picking this up on sale, it must be restated that it also includes a full port of the PS3 version of HOTD: Overkill; so even if you dislike typing mechanics and it's on sale for fairly cheap (as it is at the time of writing this), you may want to give it a go anyway.Extra notes:Graphics options are fairly limited: gamma, set resolutions, windowed mode and anti-aliasing are available.HOTD supports both mouse and controller input, but with no rebindable keys.You can invite a friend to play multiplayer, or search for another online player.For multiplayer, there don't seem to be any sort of game listings and I don't know if it restricts games you can join based on how far in the game you are."
,Recommended,246580,8924584,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Falem,"The next typing educational software to be introduced to schools ladies and gentlemen! Joke joke, not enough gore to reach the blood on screen requirements they have.This game is really fun and at the same time extremely corny. The over the top humor is going to be a huge hit or miss on people but thats not going to make people drop the deal to get this game.I am not sure if this game is something that could teach you how to type fast since it seems more like a testament to how fast you can already type because of previous courses you took or just pure experience. If you want to get this game on the whole idea of learning to type you might want to play this in sessions like 30 minutes to 1 hour a day and not overplay it so that it has more long term value and feels less reptitive to you. If your a keyboard warrior and just want to enjoy mowing down zombies with your skills then why not?You never know though, I am sure this has helped some people out."
76561197965450629,Recommended,246580,18677020,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,SileNce,"A fantastic B-Movie remake of the much older Typing of the Dead, which was orignally based on the House of the dead 2 game by SEGA. With a hilarious B-movie story line with great dialogue to boot, I definitely thoroughly enjoyed this game. I orignally purchased it in order to learn how to touch type and to improve my typing skills in general, and it has definitely accomplished just that. It is also a fantastic to way to break into a new keyboard, like I did with my Corsair RGB K70.Not only does it have the Typing of the Dead, it also has game modes available for using the mouse to shoot, just like in the original House of the Dead franchise. Following the same B-movie storyline, it offers an extended Director's Cut mode with some additonal challenges for the more hardcore achievement hunters.Check out my guide to completing the final achievementhere.Pros:+ Hilarious B-movie plot line with fantastic dialogue+ A great host of characters and bosses+ Greatly improves your touch typing skills+ Helps to break in new keyboards+ Also contains traditonal click-to-shoot game mode+ Custom dictionaries available on the workshop for movie quotes, improving your touch typing skills, or even C# coding. You can even make your own!+ Tough achievements for those who love a good challenge (I certainly do!)Cons:- Some graphical glitches when you kill the zombies occasionally, however they can be quite amusing- Sometimes in the click-to-shoot mode, zombies hit you  before you even reach them- Has a rare problem when starting up the game where it keeps rebooting itself.My Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,246580,7747020,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Freaky Medieval,"If I were you I would definitly buy this game if you have enjoyed any of the past House of the Dead games!This game is worth around £7-£10 I would say, so definitly buy it on deal!The graphics are good enough and appealing and should run on older PC's with ease, the music is good, and the voice acting is well done and yes, the voice acting is as cheesey as it used to be (but funny at the same time)This game has allot of bad language but I dont think it should be an 18, I would give it a 15+ or 16+.Overall its a fun game that you dont feel the need to finish right away, you will probably find yourself playing a level (enjoying it) then playing the next one a week later.I would give this game a 7.5/10Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,246580,19765842,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,JohnnyQuid6250,"When I first got this game, I kinda knew what to expect.  I'd played House of the Dead in the arcades, and I liked the idea of incorporating typing into the popular rail shooter.  I played it for a while, had fun, laughed at the stupid jokes and extreme over-acting of it all, and then pretty much shelved it for awhile.A few days ago, I got my first mechanical keyboard (Corsair K65 RGB, Cherry MX Reds).  Then I remembered I owned this game, so I redownloaded it and I can honestly say that this game went from kinda fun to EXTREMELY fun.With mechanical keys, my average score in the game is around 91%.  Definitely a different experience.  I almost wanna say you won't have any real fun in this unless 1) You love typing, and 2) You have a badass mechanical keyboard to play it.As for the game itself, if you've ever played a rail shooter before, it's pretty standard.  Game moves on its own, zombies come at you and instead of using a light gun, you use your keyboard and type the words, terms, or sentences below the zombies.  Type it out correctly, and you kill the zombie.  Do it quick enough and you'll get a headshot.If there are multiple zombies on screen, it'll use red arrows and a flashing border around the word to let you know you should dispatch THIS zombie first, or you'll get slapped.The game mixes it up a lot.  Some zombies will throw stuff at you, and rather than concentrate on the word below them, you wanna shoot the single letter attached to the object flying at your face, and THEN take the zombie out.Some words, terms, and sentences are longer than others, especially if you have some of the dictionary DLCs installed.  Also, get in the habit of hitting TAB periodically, as there are various green health packs, slow-mo power ups, game music tracks, and game artwork that can be collected.The jokes are over-the-top, the monsters are disgustingly awesome, and my typing score is getting better and better.  Grab it up."
76561198035419477,Recommended,246580,32687176,Posted: 23 June,all,Brownee,"Two levels played after purchasing so far, have to say, it is super satisfying to be speed-typing like this in such a way to kill zombies. And the things you type don't have anything to do with the situations half the time! There's your standard single words that describe body fluids, body parts, diseases, all that sort of thing. But then they randomly throw in words for fruits, animals, cars, sci-fi, all sorts of stuff... I had a fat zombie charging at me and I had to quickly type""Arrr Jim Lad""to kill it! I nearly failed because I was distracted from laughing!The story is as stupid B-Movie as you can get, and it's fantastic. The sort of dumb you can't help but roll your eyes and laugh at.It's stupid fun to kill some time on, and it's sure to improve typing skills. Learn to touch-type, because you're going to need to do that super fast as the game progresses."
,Recommended,246580,19429277,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Steph,"We need the ""See Spot Run"" version of this game for those ""Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too."""
,Not Recommended,246580,33254467,Posted: 4 July,all,Wesley Woppits,"Count me among the people that couldn't get the game to work.I tried literally every fix I could find, and I've never ever ever ever had a game just refuse to work for me before. I'm fairly tech-savvy and have had to do some pretty annoying workarounds to get a game going in the past (rarely, anyway - most of them just work right out of the proverbial box), and I don't generally ever have problems with games or software that many people talk about, but this one just refuses to launch for me.I don't even get a black screen. At first, it would just start to launch... and then nothing. Nothing would appear in the task manager or anything, no error sounds... just, nothing. Some fixes applied, and it finally started making an error sound and showed up in task manager (where I would have to kill the process), but still no black screen or any actual error messages. A few more fixes, same story, no progress.It's unfortunate, because I was seriously looking forward to playing this and have wanted to play it for quite some time, especially with the ability to implement custom dictionaries and such.I'm going to leave the review like this: ""If the game works for you, and you enjoy typing, it's probably ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Unfortunately for me, it took a trip to refund land because it absolutely refuses to work on my system.""Windows 10 64-bit, GTX 1070"
,Recommended,246580,14076659,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Pip Boy Roy,Typing of the dead overkill is by far the most offensive game I have ever played and that was the first level. Packed with content and a epic soundtrack this game is balls to the walls crazy. While it loses most of the charm the old house of the dead games had it creates a new one on its own here making you feel like you are in a bad 70's cop action drama. I look forward to seeing more from this franchise whether it returns to it's roots or stays the path of this wacky horror show.Final score 8/10
,Recommended,246580,10891243,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Barkserk,"Cheesy one liners, dirty language and zombies.The funnest way to up your wpm."
,Recommended,246580,9782899,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,did you know that some people will pay money for you to type really fast and those people are called 'employers' and you can be an 'employee' of their 'company' and instead of 'points' you get 'paychecks'
76561198061142502,Recommended,246580,15124024,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,el muchacho pigo,Have you ever wanted to kill zombies by typing sexual tyrannosaur or kill them with shakespears literature? ♥♥♥♥ YEA?! THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!10/10 would type chesse to kill a zombie again
,Recommended,246580,34849847,Posted: 9 September,all,Guybrush,My aim sucks and I'm very fast at typing. So...ONE OF THE BEST SHOOTERS EVER MADE!
76561197975388753,Recommended,246580,14061647,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Oddman,"To start, I'll answer the question I don't see many reviews covering: Yes, this game can help you improve your typing, assuming you know your fundamentals (homerow concept, finger placement, etc.). I don't see it going over very well if you don't know the basics, but if you do it can be a pretty effective tool, even if it wasn't exactly designed for this purpose.I wasn't a very good typist when I started. I tested myself online after my first game session and was around 18 wpm with frequent glances at the keyboard. I've treated playing the game like lessons, set periods on a schedule. I usually play 3 chapters a weeknight, which equals about an hour to an hour and a half long sessions.  I started on the lowest difficulty and worked my way up. As I said, this game isn't exactly designed as a teaching tool. If you suck at typing, you die a lot. I was dying as much as a dozen times a stage early on. You'll pretty much have to ignore scoring at this point and just focus on progressing.It's worth noting that I had a pretty bad handicap early on: I didn't know you could pick up items with tab. I assumed the pickups were only for playing the game the traditional way. They give you a single hint about this early on, but it completely went over my head and didn't give it much more thought. On the plus side, this gave me some pretty raw data for seeing my skills progress, as my score and deaths weren't being affected by collectibles and health.As I said, I died a lot in the beginning, but by the time I was a few hours in I didn’t have to look at the keyboard anymore. I really started to notice an improvement with my speed when I began the first stage on the hardest difficulty, after completing the easier two. The parts of that stage's boss that had been giving me trouble suddenly weren’t so bad. I think I died once on that attempt, which was far and away a new record. I eventually stalled out toward the end of that play through and decided to scale it back to the medium difficulty for a while. Now I'm trying the hardcore mode on easy to force me to work on accuracy. Seems to be working so far.It's been three weeks since I started this, 17 hours of play according to steam. I tested myself again at the end of this last session and got 39 WPM (followed by a fist pump). With these results, I don't see myself stopping this routine for a while. Sure beats those mundane online lessons I looked at a while back.Now, as for the game itself.  It’s pretty fun. You can play the game traditional rail shooter style with the mouse, but I only did a single level so I don’t have a lot of experience on that part. 3 Hours is about one playthrough, and that’s a fair time for something like this. The higher difficulties and Hardcore mode will give you more to do afterward. They’ve also been releasing DLC libraries to expand the pool of words the game will throw at you. They help keep things varied, but I wouldn’t pay more than a dollar or so for them. There are some mini games, but they aren’t anything overly special.I should also probably mention that this isn’t the highest quality port. It’s nothing really bad, but you may run into some glitchy parts. Specifically, everyone apparently has some sound issues during the “hammertime” kill on the Rage mutants, and one of them always clips into the ground when he runs toward you. I also have had one of the bosses glitch out and stun himself on occasion. Less bothersome, the gallery takes forever to load, to the point you might think it’s stuck.  Besides these and the “invincible zombie” glitch I ran into once, that’s pretty much the worst of it, so nothing to write the purchase off over.And now for game content.  It’s really, really vulgar. The violent was a given, but I would have been completely blown away by the ridiculous amount of language if I hadn’t read about it before hand. It’s extremely obvious the game is grindhouse and exploitation parody, but that doesn’t stop the obscenities from grating your ears. This game had the Guinness record for the videogame with the most uses of the f-word for a year. Mafia 2 now has that record, but at least that game doesn’t cram the words into a 3 hour period. To answer another question no one seems to tackle, you won’t be typing a lot of obscenities yourself. I’ve typed “Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥”, ” damned” and “damnation”(offensiveness debatable), “♥♥♥♥♥♥♥”, and “♥♥♥♥♥”, I think. So it’s like 1 in 700 or so. If you want to type vulgarities for some reason look into the “Filth” DLC. As for sexuality and nudity, I’ve seen worse. A couple of characters are strippers, but there’s no nudity in the traditional sense (as for that last boss though… *shutter*).So, if you want to improve your typing or just kill zombies through the least likely of manners, and you think you can handle the obscene content, give the game a go, I’m glad I did. It sure helped to make typing all this out easier."
76561198028033364,Not Recommended,246580,13925846,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Mr. Bauch,"I have to give this game a ""NO"" for following reasons:The original Typing of the Dead  game was great, it was in fact the only game that actually REALLY TOUGHT me anything. And it tought me to type ultra fast and to type right and accurately as well.It taught me to do so by numerous cleverly designed drills for typing speed, accuracy, special keys, reflexes etc. These drills motivated me to even go through typing tutorial in order to further improve my skills by typing right. There were many statistics for every aspect of the typing, there was just everything and it felt right and motivated me to type more and more and better and better.Comparing original game to this release I have to say - guys you forgot to add like 20 features the origianl game had, especially those that made it one of the best games I've ever played.I'm going to be specific now about what I don't like about this game:- there are no minigames/drills (well there are a few, but poorly designed compared to the original)- the boses in the original game were smartly designed (you had to type without looking on the keyboard, had to type accurately, fast, you had to decide what to write etc...), now the boses are stupid (no design behind them whatsovever)- poor stats, you cant really see how you're progressing in typing- no tutorial at all for correct typing- i liked original more comics like and a bit funny visual style much better, it kinda fitted into the original style of the game- your original weapon was keyboard, now you shoot with guns wtf? i loved the original artistic and game design exxageration of ""TYPING OF THE DEAD"". now it just looks like some retardaed zombie game with poor graphics.- there were special events during the game where you for example had to write words with similar meaning, that spelled similar or those that had just one letter wrong. it was funny, now there is nothing.- a lot of words like ♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥.. wont really make a good game. i think this game would be awesome for kids, but now parents wont even allow them to play it.I really don't understand what was behind the idea to throw away the original great concept of the game with all its good content and remake the whole game all over while making everything worse than the original.GUYS PLS FIRE YOUR GAME DESIGNER AND HIRE YOUR OLD ONE AND APOLOGIZE HIM HOW YOU FKED UP THE GREAT GAME.Aye ok its not that bad even now, but after tasting the great argentinian steak I don't really like chicken nuggets you're offering me now instead."
,Not Recommended,246580,29630580,Posted: 1 February,all,TheColorUrple,"""Now if you'll excuse me, I need to♥♥♥♥♥♥ My♥♥♥♥♥♥s on fire. I've been on the road for at least three quarters of an hour with a bladder full of steaming hot♥♥♥♥♥♥ slushing left and right, with every turn of the road in the way that a bladder full of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥tends to.""That's an actual quote, and your TL;DR. This game isn't good.I am a fast typer, and I enjoy typing. I also enjoy shooting zombies in the face, so I presumed that this would be perfect for me.There's a lot to like about the game, but ultimately it's a shallow experience with too many problems to recommend.I'll start with what works. Typing feels quick and responsive, which means there's no perceptible delay between pressing a key and seeing the impact on the screen. This is accompanied by some nice gun sounds, so hammering out words and seeing a zombie get blown apart is satisfying. The action is quick-paced, as you would expect from a lightgun shooter. The words and phrases to type are interestingly varied, and when using the base dictionary (more on the DLC later), they don't get repetitive, even after several playthroughs. You can ignore punctuation, spaces, and capitals unless playing on the hardest difficulty, which makes rapidfire typing speedier and more satisfying to pull off. Plus, there is a sense of urgency with the gameplay, and there are some tense moments as you hurry to finish a word just as a zombie is about to smack your face.And that's about the extent of what works. Now here's what doesn't work.The game's biggest flaw is how it addresses the issue of multiple zombies appearing at the same time. In a lightgun game, it's obviously pretty common to have groups of enemies attacking you all at once. As the enemies get closer, you can quickly prioritize targets and change your focus on the fly to kill the enemies who are about to hit you first. In Typing, this doesn't translate well.Once you start a word, it locks you into that word until you either finish it or press backspace. An experienced player may be able to cancel words and start a new one, but in practice this is cumbersome and you often just don't have the time to do this. There is a basic on-screen indicator of which zombies are getting close, but you often run into groups that all indicate the same proximity, even though they are all going to attack at different times.Each text box is the same size and takes up a large portion of your screen's real estate, so what winds up happening is that a group of 2 or 3 zombies appears, but you can't even tell which word belongs to which zombie. Because your time is limited, you often have to guess which one to type first, which will often result in zombies clawing at your face while you struggle to finish a word that isn't even dangerous to you yet.What aggravates this system even more is the fact that words and phrases can show up that start with the same letter. This happens FAR too often. For example, if ROSES and RIVER show up, you can type ROSES, and you will get confused when you realize that the game selected RIVER for you, and only the R is complete. Again, there is an on-screen indicator to show which box you've selected, but it's slow and you will likely have typed a full word or two before you even notice it. I feel like it would have been very simple to code something to make sure that all displayed words all start with a different letter (there are 26 of them, take your pick), but this was overlooked.Overall though, the game is easy. Far too easy, in fact. Each person will have their own skill level with typing, but for fast typers, you will probably only get hit once or twice clearing levels on the hardest difficulty. There are a few achievements earned for completing levels without getting hit once, but because of the aforementioned gameplay issues, this winds up being a frustrating exercise in restarts.There is also very little replay value. There are only 9 levels, each taking 10-15 minutes to complete, and 3 forgettable mini-games. You can download DLC and custom dictionaries (which DID NOT WORK for me, so keep that in mind) that exist to extend the game's lifespan, but this doesn't help. There is a lot of downtime in each level where nothing is happening, or the same bad dialogue is recycling, which slows down the pace and gets old very quickly.Plus, unlike many better lightgun games, there aren't multiple paths to take through a level to vary it up a bit. If you look at the global achievements, only 1% of players bothered to play the campaign more than once, which tells you all you need to know.The game's presentation is okay. Your mileage may vary, but I found the campy grindhouse style really cringe-worthy. I get that it's trying to be a B-movie, and there are a few laughs here and there, but on the whole it's not executed skillfully and just winds up feeling like a B-game. The writers try to mimic the conversational Tarantino-esque dialogue but they're not good at it.Plus, there are a number of technical issues. The audio is unbalanced and often cuts out. The lip syncing is straight out of the PS2 era. The animation is straight out of the PS1 era. The graphics are a straight Wii port and aren't upscaled to HD well at all. Textures are low res and filtered poorly, character models are blocky, and the environments are pretty barren with washed out colors. Plus, with all the typing, when I went back for a second playthrough (achievement addict), I realized I didn't even recognize many of the environments because I was so concentrated on the typing.The game comes bundled with the lightgun version of the same game, and while this is appreciated, it actually serves to illustrate how lazy the Typing port was. In the gun mode, there is a Director's Cut version of each level that actually extends the maps by quite a significant margin. And yet these extensions don't even show up in the Typing mode! There are many, many more zombies in this mode, more dialogue, more everything, so it comes off as lazy that the devs didn't include it in the main mode.Fortunately, the gun mode is decent fun. Again, waaaay too easy, but there are some arbitrary challenges to complete for each map that can easily triple your play time if you find yourself really excited about the idea of memorizing zombie and collectible locations to maximize your combo score. (Spoiler: you're not.)You will get a decent 3 hours out of this game, so get it on sale if you're really curious. Otherwise, save your money."
,Recommended,246580,8958417,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Kuasimoddo,"So bad its good. Offensive, crewd, lewd, beyond grindhouse bad.....and yet I played to completion. I read somewhere else that if the idea of typing your way through an on rails shooter seems like fun to you then you already know if you want  this game or not.I'm ashamed to admit that I enjoyed it a lot. If you can laugh at the gore and find some so bad its entertaining and typing your way through an online shooter....well...you probably already own this game."
76561198002423319,Recommended,246580,32730752,Posted: 24 June,all,Borgiatos,"This is a great game (even educational you might say), running on W10, just for those negative reviewers who say it doesnt works."
,Recommended,246580,8070437,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Dom (Norton Critical Editions),"This is really two games in one. You get a PC port of the Director's Cut of The House of the Dead: Overkill and Typing of the Dead: Overkill. The first is a rail shooter, and the second is the same game except that you type instead of clicking to shoot.This is, however, a more barebones conversion than you might expect. Unlike the original Typing of the Dead, only the last boss has a ""gimmick"" for what you have to type. No answering questions in this one. In the cutscenes, the characters still carry and use guns (not keyboards). Dictionary DLC is available if you want a greater variety of things to type (THANKS OBAMA).The multiplayer for Typing of the Dead: Overkill is a nice feature, but has some odd sync issues and can be frustrating for both players if one is a more proficient typist than the other.If you like typing, bad movies, and swearing, this is easily worth the $10."
,Recommended,246580,23752988,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Toasty484,"Still not as good as the original Typing of the Dead, but embraces its terrible B-movie appeal and provides dialogue simply genius in its stupidity and vulgarity a la Big Lebowski. Better than ever with Steam Workshop support for custom dictionaries, and it's only $5 to boot with the Summer Sale!"
,Recommended,246580,24718218,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,NuikopeaDemon,Do you like Mutants?Do you like GORE?Do you like Bad Voice Acting?Do you like Typing?Do you like a crazy sterotype black guy who swears all the time?IF you said YES to all 5 Questions .... BUY THE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!
76561197999142728,Not Recommended,246580,30013270,Posted: 18 February,all,c44x-Talex,"Game is broken for windows 10, won't even launch.DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,246580,7924579,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,0dds_0f_Even,Do you want something different in your games? If so then pay attention to this typing game which might save your♥♥♥♥♥from zombies errr I mean mutants.Pros:1. It's a very hard game if your typing on the keyboard (If you have fast fingers without making errors then you might find this game easy)2. Lots Of Cheesy Horror In A Good Way3. I personally thought the dialogue in this game was hilarious to listen to4. Interesting Bosses to kill5. You can switch to The House Of The Dead any time in the menu of the game if your sick of typing6. I like the mix of playing as both a male & a female7. Lots of swearing8. Decent Voice Acting9. Lots of collectibles to gain10. Lots of replayability11. Some of the songs in this game are catchy to listen to (There's also a few funny songs)12. Easy controlsCons:1. There are only 9 levels in this gameOverall If you want to learn how to type on a keyboard then this game will give you a lesson (It also improves spelling)
76561198022820771,Recommended,246580,12327455,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,SocioPsycho,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR-3U8eaX7E&list=UU7_-PLIhjsEBwIQXqKxmNpAThe Typing of the Dead:  Overkill is a corny retro arcade-style on therail shooter that gives you the option of killing the 'mutants' by eitherweapon or death by spelling.  The game is story heavy, and while it is comedic, it has more of an adult theme.It has an easy interface, and a leaderboard so you can compare yourselfto you friends.  It also has a co-op option, which I feel only adds to theenjoyment of the game.  Using guns, the game is balanced in its' combat, and the only issue I had was a slight aim difficulty in shooting special items as you bob a lot. In the typing version, the difficulty increases in length of words or number of words.A skill in spelling is beneficial to progress.  As I stated before, this game does have an mature theme, and I doubt it may help those who wish to improve spelling, as the graphic content of the story and some of the words makes this more appropriate for adults.Overall, I found this game to be enjoyable;  it does what it set outto do in a simplistic yet entertaining manner.  It's corny, and I have noproblems recommending this game.For more details, see the linked video review, as this is a basicsummary of what I cover in my video, I am a YT'er not a Blogger.Thanks for your viewership and support for more videos check click here.http://www.youtube.com/user/SocioPyscho"
,Recommended,246580,8129331,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TastyEmpire,"Do you like really bad grindhouse movies? Do you long for the days of Mario Teaches Typing? If so, you might enjoy The Typing of the Dead: Overkill.The story is straight up goofy grindhouse style, including the psychadelic Intermission load screens. If you know how to type, this game can be pretty fun. If you hunt and peck to type, this game probably isn't for you. However, there is the option to play the game as ""The House of the Dead: Overkill"" which will allow you to use a controller or mouse to just shoot stuff. I can't really recommend that portion of the game though. It's actually pretty bad.The game is broken up into fairly short chapters, which will allow you to play in quick bursts without having to sit down and spend a lot of time getting into it.The game doesn't really offer much new game play as you move along, so if you don't like the first mission, you probably aren't going to like the rest of the game.That being said, I quite enjoy this game. Makes me feel like all those typing classes in high school were leading up to killing zombies...uh, mutants...whatever. :)I got this on the holiday sale for $10. Honestly, I think that's kind of high for what you're getting. If you're on the fence about this game, put it on your wishlist and wait for a decent sale. It's definitely not worth it's full price, but still a fair amount of fun."
,Recommended,246580,30901442,Posted: 2 April,all,Dark_Assassin91,"This was a fun game with both typing of the dead: Overkill and house of the dead: Overkill included.Typing of the dead is what you may expect: house of the dead but with typing rather than mouse clicks to eliminate enemies. This mode is fun and the reason that most people would consider purchasing this game. It will certainly help with typing skill and with a choice of three difficulties and a hardcore mode (if you mis-type you will need to start the whole word/phrase again) you can find the level you work best with and then work your way up to the harder levels and maybe even hardcore mode.House of the dead is pretty much what you used to play in the arcade as a kid or at home on your old Windows 98 machines. There are weapons which you can purchase and upgrade including shotguns, pistols and un-lockable weapons that are only available after completing the game. The directors cut mode is also included and unlocked after completing the standard game, the directors cut has challenges for each mission as well as extended levels and some additional cutscenes.The Story is the same for both typing of the dead and house of the dead and is somewhat comedic but when you replay level multiple times to complete challenges it does start to get old.In conclusion I recommend this game if you are looking to play both modes included in this game or maybe just the typing if that is what you want to focus on and you intend to use it to get better. I do not recommend this game if you are just looking for 1 playthrough of the story. Playing the game once will take around 3 hours but nearly 1 hour of that time will be cutscenes"
,Recommended,246580,8680399,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,msoven,"beacon's sometimes-tumultuous direction is a bold affirmation of her artistic vision, unshakable in the face of the gaming press' blistering response to her messy 2007 divorce with dr. brain.  you don't have to call it a comeback, just call it the most surprising typing simulator of 2013.  7/10"
,Recommended,246580,11337337,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Turd Ferguson,"blows mavis beacon out of the water. i raised my wpm by 80 after the first level alone. halfway into the second, i could type in fluent italian as well. highly recommended."
76561198083908600,Not Recommended,246580,34202166,Posted: 12 August,all,Samaeli,"Game used to start, now it won't start at all. Other users are having this problem as well."
,Recommended,246580,7761279,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Daddy Scummies,"This is easily one of the greatest typing murder simulators I've ever experienced. However, I am surprised at the lack of Mavis Beacon. Also if you don't know how to type this game won't teach you. eXperienced typers only."
,Not Recommended,246580,7563263,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,DV Bastian,"Buyer beware: Game does not launch (or crashes at the main menu) for a large number of players, including myself."
,Recommended,246580,7525943,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Τinkerbell,"Actually worth buying on-sale for $9.99. I'd give this a 9/10 for the originality behind it. This may seem stupid, simply typing in words to kill zombies but there's way more to the game than just typing. The game has a steam-punk feel to it and the narrations are absolutely funny as hell.I'd highly recommend this for anyone 18+. Give it a shot, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,246580,19763680,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Ceciltron,"I love this game. The music, the writing- it's all pure excess, and absolutely wonderful. One of the very rare times I've actually laughed at dialogue in a game.As for the DLC - the shakespeare one is actually pretty damned hard. The best one, though, is the filth DLC. You'll have to take my word for it."
,Recommended,246580,13160855,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rayden☆✪,"Very fun game and different.Perhaps let me add this game GOT a story and tons of fun humour, and it's not only typing words, you can also shoot the zombies with a gun. (like in a arcade game)The game also got some good voice acting. (remind me a bit of Saint's Row)My scoure: 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,246580,7750826,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AxeManiac,"The Typing of the Dead: Overkill is a violent, brain splattering typing game that has you wielding a keyboard instead of a gun to stop waves of zombies. The light gun games are fun and this is a novel twist, but you really have to be up on your typing to play them. If you find it frustrating when playing a PC game and keyboard quick time events pop up, you won’t be good at this game. You have to be able to type, hit random keys and keep an eye on the screen the whole time. If you played the last one, this one amps up the silly factor with over the top cussing and over the top grindhouse style scenes that contain sex and violence.Check out the video review of this title on youtube, in Steam Shots EP125"
76561198055872861,Recommended,246580,8150752,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Naked Snake,"This isn't just some oh-so-ironic game about the juxtaposition of a typing game and a zombie shooter. This is the game that makes me wonder, ""why don't we have more typing-style games?"" It should be a whole genre. Seriously, the typing part of the game is challenging and fun. Plus, for the price of one game, you actually get two, because it comes loaded with House of the Dead Overkill as well (it's the mouse-based version of Typing of the Dead). If you missed this game the first time around, now's the time to check out the foulest, most violent, and most gruesome shooter game of them all. Grindhouse fans, this is for you."
,Recommended,246580,9618833,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Keehos,Good soundtrackGood typing practiceGood charactersAnnoying as all hell multiplayer because my friends are very stupidGood game
,Recommended,246580,11157010,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,CoryStarkiller,"This game is the only thing that makes me feel alright about being a slow typer. I have become a faster and more accurate typer because of this game. Not only does the game give you Typing of the Dead(based off of the Wii version of HotD:O), but it also gives you House of the Dead: Director's Cut(based off of the PS3 version). Both of the game's modes can be played in singleplayer, or in online multiplayer. There are also 3 mini-games for each of the game's modes, that can be played in singleplayer or online multiplayer. The netcode is great, and is fully playable with people who are 1,000+ kms(621.4+ miles) away.All the DLC dictionary wordlists can be active at the same time, expanding the total wordpool and adding more variety/replayability. There are also settings for how often you want to see the DLC words being used while playing. The developers have been great with the DLC, so far there have been 3 free DLCs, along with 5 paid DLCs. The free DLCs are of the same quality as the paid DLC, so if you are interested in what the paid DLC is like, then be sure to try the DLC that is already included in your game. *As of July 2014*NOTE 1: There is no language filter for this game. So parents may not want to use this game as a teaching aid for younger children, unless you are willing to let your children hear a lot of cursing. Personally, I do not have a problem with letting children hear cursing(especially in a game full of gore and killing), but it is definitely a deciding factor for some parents. If you are one of those parents, make sure you are using Steam's Parental Controls to prevent your children from playing this game. The original Typing of the Dead is a great option for these parents(although it is not on Steam).NOTE 2: Local Multiplayer will not be implemented into the game. While theoretically possible, there is a great challenge in having a PC differentiate between 2 or more keyboards at the same time. While it is not impossible to implement, it was never part of the original plan for the game. So unless you are willing to fund this feature yourself(better get a Kickstarter going as game development is not cheap), do not continue to create topics asking for this feature on the Steam/SEGA forums. The developers are aware of the fan desire for this feature, and are looking into it for future games."
,Recommended,246580,7896617,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,SupremeSecretMan,"Well, I recommend this game. LOLEven though this game is not much serious compare to before other series, but it is still pretty fun.Various creatures are appear and enjoy to the kill them. :)And... many guys don't know that, this game include original mode. Not only typing mode. You can play both of them.It means House of the dead overkill + Typing of the dead overkill.It also have multiplay mode. So... really good for playing.음... 이 겜을 추천합니다.ㅎㅎ비록 이전 시리즈만큼 진지하진 않지만, 여전히 재밌습니다.다양한 괴물들이 등장하고, 그것들을 죽이는 즐거움이 있죠.그리고 많은 사람들이 모르는데, 이겜은 오리지널 슈팅 모드도 있습니다. 타이핑 모드만 있는게 아니에요. 둘 다 즐길 수 있습니다.즉 하우스 오브 더 데드 오버킬 + 타이핑 오브 더 데드 오버킬 이란 말입니다.또한, 멀티플레이 모드도 있어서, 정말 즐기기에 좋은 게임이라고 할 수 있습니다."
76561198084947430,Recommended,246580,26308832,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PowerHouseBrad,"I want to start my review with saying i have windows 10 and this game play just fine. I enjoyed ""House of the Dead Overkill"" a lot or Typing of the dead if you wanna be a♥♥♥♥♥♥about it lol.Pros++Good cheesy story+great music+making a gory mess dont get old.+slight RPG elmentsCons--There is a few bugs where zombies attack walls instead of you, but it doesnt bug me.Verticted9/10  if you love a old school rail shooter this is for you if you dont then dying light maybe?"
76561197994623037,Not Recommended,246580,33418373,Posted: 9 July,all,Ecos,"Sincerely, I'd like to give a positive review for this game, but I really cannot. The game is fun, but the problem is that the original The Typing of the Dead is better in, almost, everyting.TUTORIAL MODEThe original had a really nice tutorial mode teaching how to type properly, how the hand should be positioned and which finger should type each key. They just forgot about it! Even if it was exactly the same, why take this off?MINI-GAMESOverkill has 3 different mini-games which are quite fun for sure, but after you finish them, mainly to practice different typing skills, you get nothing. In the original game you had more than 6 different mini-games (drill mode) that records your score to check how you are progressing in your typing skills and even says wich are the letters that you are having the most trouble with;BOSSESBasicaly, every boss is the same. Besides the last one, which really sucks. Meanwhile the original TOTD has really interesting boss fights, each boss with a different mechanic making the fights really fresh. Also, it had a boss mode, letting you practice each boss separetly;REWARDSAs a standard game, in the original game you had a set number of lives and continues to progress troughout every level, hence, each hit and life consumed means something. In Overkill doesn't matter if you lose a continue, you'll always pass the level... And the only thing you lose with a life is some points... Which are worth nothing;LENGHTThe levels are too lenghty, you'll get bored before the boss fight (which should be the climax of the level... and is not). Also, 9 different levels are not necessary, they should've focused on less, but better, levels.IN WHAT IS OVERKILL BETTER?1) Graphics. They are much, but much, better in here.... But I am sure you are not buying this kind of game for it;2) Dictionary. More interesting and more variable sentences/words. It is really nice to kill zombies typing Shakespear or some sci-fi sentences;3) Hardcore mode. If you make a mistake, you will get a whole new sentence to type. It gets much more interesting and harder... But does not matter much since dying costs nothing.TLDR;Go play the original one."
76561198035782915,Recommended,246580,23913191,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Monya,"Good way to practice typing, if you like doing it while kill some zombies...lol"
,Not Recommended,246580,10195011,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Captain Hammer,"The first typing of the dead was a useful tool for helping practice fast, accurate typing. In this one, it's just a gimmick. There were about a hundred things they could have done to improve or innovate past that one, yet they instead just looked up the 300 least used words in the English language and slapped them onto a mod for House of the Dead Overkill.It is also among the few games in history that found a way to charge you for WORDS as downloadable content.Just get the first Typing of the Dead."
,Not Recommended,246580,31378160,Posted: 26 April,all,Vincent 'Vic' Doggts,"Does not work on Windows 10- the game refuses to start up, excusing itself with a Steam message and error code 41.Quite a few W10 users have this problem and in November 2016 the developers created aforum topicinforming the playerbase of their investigation into the issue. Not a word from them since then, nearly six months later."
,Recommended,246580,15391341,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Glypha,"Back in years long past, when I was a wee lad, schools sought fit to have an entire class devoted to developing proper typing skills and technique. Maybe they still do? Why would I know? I don't hang around schools, that would be weird.Anyway, we would naturally rush through our assignments to play games like Chip's Challenge on those silly lab computers. This game reminded me of that time and what could have been. Perhaps you remove the grindhouse context from the game and put something nice and PG there, and man that would've been an entire class.As I'm a grown up, I prefer the grindhouse aspect. Here it's particularly well done, being simultaneously cheesy but delightful in a semblance of originality that permeates the game from the gameplay itself to the presentation. You wouldn't think you could come up with boss battles with a setup like this, but I'd be damned if it didn't happen."
,Recommended,246580,7863374,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,loner stoner with a boner,"For those either born in the 70's or that watched the Tarantino/Rodriguez double-feature Grindhouse, this game will be a fun ride. This game is basically a re-release of the House of the Dead Overkill, released on the Wii back in 2009, but with the keyboard mechanics of the Typing of The Dead. So yea, it's grrrreat!"
,Not Recommended,246580,22630677,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Bonehead,"Game is a great idea, I actually enjoyed the previous version of this based on House of The Dead 2. This game hoever I was unable to enjoy. Completely screwed on the AMD side of things. Zombies are half invisible and some are just never there, until they hurt you and their body parts start blinking in and out of existence. This is a widespread problem that they refuse to address. Overall just a really bad PS3 port."
,Recommended,246580,14985407,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"Pros :+ You can use this game to improve your typing speed,since you'll be eaten by a zombie if you don't type fast enough+ Much better graphics compared to the original Typing of The Dead+ You can choose whether to kill zombies with typing or with guns+ Challenging gameplay+ Funny jokes by the characters+ Reasonable price,it's worth your moneyCons :- Bugs,zombie's body sometimes doesn't appear- They should make this game 18+ only,considering the amount of swearing and adult jokes- A little bit unrealistic,like zombies sometimes stands idle in front of you waiting for you to type the word that will kill him,but who cares ? The point is the typing- Dreadful character details- Short story modeOverall,this is a really nice remake/sequel of the original Typing of the Dead.I actually used the original one to improve my typing speed when I was 5 or 6 years old,and it really works.I hope they will fix the bugs soon and improve the graphics."
,Recommended,246580,7718327,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,bobert awful (F+),"I like to credit The Typing of the Dead for my mother♥♥♥♥ing speed with the modern QWERTY keyboard. It was straight-faced but had a underlying element of goofiness on top of the straight-faced horror of House of the Dead. I don't think the original Typing of the Dead is going to come back in a form that is not a torrent, but this is a fine substitute. The underlying goofiness doesn't work in the face of already extremely dumb grindhouse ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but you can't have everything. Oh, and if you're dying to see how boring it is to play an arcade shooter with a mouse, then this is your chance ♥♥♥♥boy!!! Because the original House of the Dead: Overkill is packaged in here too."
76561197997139948,Recommended,246580,8134924,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Muffina =HKC=,"I remember playing House of the Dead: Overkill on my Nintendo Wii whilst friends gather to watch at Hendrix College. I usually...okay...RARELY go for this sort of low brow humour, but I find the story absolutely funny as s****! Of course, I mainly got the game cause I was looking for a good arcade shooter, which it didn't disappoint.Fastforward to graduation and three years later, I heard about Typing of the Dead, a port to the pc of House of the Dead 2. I wonder if Overkill had gotten the same treatment. To my delight, it had. You shall be laughing your rear off with the words that appear on the screen; yet at the same time you will have aderaline pumping to type as fast and as accurate as you can.If you want to practice your touch typing skills, this game is perfect for it! Also, it has both a UK and US option as far as dictionary!! Woot! I no longer have to overcorrect myself because a certain country spells ""armour"" as ""armor""."
,Recommended,246580,8587507,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Centers for Disease Control?,"I should start off by telling you that this, INCLUDES FOR FREE, the regular game. That means you don't have to type out the words on the screen, but can use your mouse instead. But if you buy this game, make sure you play the regular typing mode.Also, if you're a fan of the original game on the Dreamcast, you may be disappointed to know that the game mechanics aren't the same. You aren't solving problems, you're just typing the words that come up as fast as you can. But overall, this remixed game is a blast. If you're a fan of the series or campy B movies, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,246580,31211896,Posted: 17 April,all,savecontinuepodcast,Extreamly fun. Every bit as good as the original typing. We have most of our guests play this game.Will help improve your typing skills in an entertaining way.Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,246580,7847410,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tizoc,"It's a game where you kill zombies and grotesque monstrosities by TYPING, that alone makes this (a) GotY 2013( contender), Mutha%^$&er."
76561198113746271,Recommended,246580,32908647,Posted: 27 June,all,GANDOLFtheGAY,"great game and its ton of fun, really helped me get faster."
76561197973977339,Recommended,246580,10166769,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Black Jade,"There isn't much fun and unique typing games in the market. Personally, I have never play a typing game before, and this title has used a rail shooter and turned it into a typing game. Sure, this is not the 1st of its kind but the overall presentation of the game is fantastic.It present itself as a over the top B movie game with cheap and chessy lines being very well-voice acted.If you are up for a typing game, as well as some over the top action with zombies in it, I would whole heartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,246580,7841600,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Joga,"This game is ridiculously fun. The original Typing of the Dead (on Dreamcast and PC), where you type words to kill zombies, was one of the coolest concepts ever, and I'm glad to see it brought to the newer House of the Dead: Overkill and getting a proper PC release. Admittedly, I'm the kind of person who frequents sites likeTypeRacer.com, so competitive/fast paced typing is something I have a lot of fun with anyway. I type around 110 WPM, but the game still posed a nice challenge on ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" difficulty, and there's also an optional ""Hardcore"" modifier that forces you to type perfectly in order to kill anything. If you're not as fast at typing, there are lower difficulties too.I played the original shooty-version of the game on the Wii, and the game itself is still as over the top and silly as ever. I think the cutscenes are hilarious, but your mileage may vary. Also they say the ""♥♥♥♥"" literally every 5 seconds, so if you don't like excessive cursing then you'll probably have an issue with this game.Conclusion: Buy it, it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
76561198011965365,Recommended,246580,14819030,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"I enjoyed this game a lot. Takes about 2 hours just to beat the game, but with those 2 hours you will get pure enjoyment. The cool thing i found out about this game is it includes the original house of the dead overkill which is a railshooter. If your trying to remember keys on your keyboard this game will help you remember a lot on where each key on your keyboard is at.ProsAmazing compelling storyvoice acting  well doneblood splattercheesy actingEducational use with your keyboardImmersive GameplayConsbugs in which when shooting an object it doesnt pick up sometimesNote: In my opinion this is a great education game for kids, due to now a days kids find it hard to type while not looking. With this game kids can finally actually learn stuff and have fun instead of learning something and being bored. This is a great game but if your trying to get your 7-10 year old kid to learn this type of stuff i would recommend it, only downfall would be tons vulgar language in game so if bad language isnt on your book for your kid to learn stuff i would recommend downloading or getting the orignal typing of the dead"
,Recommended,246580,20476246,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,nekobun,"As someone who came to the Dreamcast fairly late in its lifecycle, I mostly missed out on the original Typing of the Dead. What few run-ins I had with the game were care of friends whom I didn't see terribly often, and stock of the Dreamcast keyboard dried up before I could afford to track one down. At least we still had arcades around the same time, and I had fed plenty of quarters into many a House of the Dead cabinet up to that point.When House of the Dead: Overkill came along, I got a chuckle out of the idea of an over-the-top successor to the series, but it didn't really grab my attention. But add typing into the mix, giving me the chance to make up for missing the original? Sold.The updates from House of the Dead's general goofiness to an even more ridiculous grindhouse motif, complete with the latter's ridiculous gore and doubling down on vulgarity, somehow make sense in a game whose predecessors were known for monster outbreaks for no good reason in an inexplicable location. And things are so off-the-wall already that working the typewriters into things makes just as much sense. Unfortunately, unlike the original Typing of the Dead, the use of a keyboard as a weapon isn't as integrated into Overkill's story or cutscenees. Characters still wave around the same guns they use in the regular gameplay, rather than sporting backpacks with keyboards looped in front of their bodies as per the original. A mild difference, and one that would've made many of the action-loaded cutscenes even more difficult to pull off had they stuck with it.That aside, the game is fantastic. The vocabulary necessary to progress ramps up at a perfect pace, though it feels like it plateaus a few levels too early. Boss fights and some of the segues between sections are creative, and keep mixing things up as much as you can for what's basically Mavis Beacon Goes Through Hell. It's also nice that there are several DLC packs available with new lexicons, should you find a certain vernacular more familiar and therefore a bit easier to keep up with. The little bonuses you get for snagging collectables in each level are cute, too.It's a bit gross in some respects, but that's part of the whole grindhouse aesthetic. If you're not into that, you're not going to be into this, but otherwise? Have a good time."
,Recommended,246580,12235517,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Godbert Jesuson,"I was never a fan of the return of the living dead or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ the original game is, so I find this game to be moderately entertaining for a few minutes.I'm not interested in the story at all, it's just recycled, predictable, cheesy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from every other movie/game ever created and put into one.It's a good typing game though, I still prefer it overracetyper.com"
,Recommended,246580,7744771,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MemPhiZ ZX - #Fight4UrNewHome,"A good typing game. It also got rail shooting mode, so you got 2 games in one. My only gripe is the story, dialog, voice acting and abusive F words all over the game. and no cool monster like Wizard."
,Recommended,246580,8214377,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Azure,"Remember The Typing of the Dead way back when? If you don't, here's the rundown - it's like The House of the Dead, but you fight zombies by typing words instead of pointing a light gun. Unfortunately, there's nothing overly goofy like Dreamcasts strapped to everyone's backs, and there were some cringe-worthy moments, but there was also enough camp and dumb phrases to type here to make me chuckle.  Who thought typing games could be so much fun?If typing's not your thing, the original The House of the Dead: Overkill is included as well, so you can kinda re-live those light gun game moments if you want."
,Recommended,246580,8013708,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Cautionary Tale,"""unleash the full force of Shakespeare’s greatest works on the ignorant zombie masses.""There never was a more potent weapon than the lyrical might of Shakespeare. And nothing stings quite as much as the bitter feeling of envy and inferiority when staring in the face of your cultural and educational betters. Zombie Shakespear would turn in his grave if he hadn't just vacated it the knaw on some five year old."
,Recommended,246580,8144447,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sambardo,"Great to see a remake that runs in full resolution!Fun way to sharpen typing skills, just like the older one.The boss fights are much more simple, but it is totally worth playing, especially since the older version is hard to find and get running.This new version is deliciously depraved, full of swears and cheesey jokes."
,Recommended,246580,8264378,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Warrior,"Words can not explain how fun this game is. Graphics are good, story is not bad, game-play is great, over all this is a very good game, and it is TONES of fun. You will not regreat buying this game. 8.5/10"
76561198032575440,Recommended,246580,8433335,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,potato,"Things I enjoy: rail shooters, zombie-killing.Things I am good at: touch typing.Things I am not good at: aiming, esp. while confused by flashing things and loud noises.This game is perfect for my personal skill set.  I am not certain if it will make you a better typist, but it's very enjoyable.  I poured a ton of quarters into the original when it was an arcade game; I think this is a net savings."
,Recommended,246580,7587525,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Catbus!,IT'S NOT JUST GOOD - IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING DELICIOUS(the original Typing of the Dead is better though)
,Recommended,246580,8074403,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Dark Link,"While I kind of prefer the original Typing of the Dead, this is still great. It also comes with normal House of the Dead: Overkill if you're boring and want to kill zombies with guns instead of words."
,Recommended,246580,10190103,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Doc Sloth,"Great splatterhouse comedy in a revamped package with a badass soundtrack by some of the funkiest bands of their times. Hilarious banter between all the characters and that classic ""Good cop bad cop"" mentality of the 80's makes for a fantastic game that will improve your typing skills. Especially on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ difficulty. Typing of the dead mode is great, but House of the Dead mode really leaves you wanting, that arcade experience is lost without the light guns, and it really doesnt translate well to the mouse/gamepad controls. Overall though, a great experience that Mavis Beacon couldn't ever hope to be."
,Recommended,246580,8098959,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,boothanew,I obsessively played Mavis Beacon as a kid so this is a great step up. ;3
,Recommended,246580,8156486,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,"Splishy Splashy, Water Coloured",I showed this game to my mom. That's how great it is.
,Recommended,246580,10685931,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dan Amrich,Filthy. Hilarious. Awesome.
,Recommended,246580,7821653,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Spacedad,"Mavis Beacon is back...and she's hungry for your BLOOD.Probably the most foul-mouthed way to improve at a valuable and career-applicable skill.  The humor mostly falls into the trying-too-hard-to-be-grindhouse-while-missing-the-point category, but it's still entertaining.The typing gameplay actually improves the light gun gameplay - because you're not only practicing something useful, but the gameplay actually lets you strategize about which targets to attack or when to start typing what.  Suprisng amount of depth in threat-management.The only *real* downside to all this is the lack of goofy dreamcasts and keyboards strapped to the player characters a-la the original typing of the dead.Definitely get this.  In my opinion, all future 'house of the dead' games should have a typing mode - maybe even let you play light gun along side a typist or whatever.Oh and the added multiplayer mode they patched in is great.  For ♥♥♥♥s sake, why haven't you bought this game already?"
,Recommended,246580,7777229,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,wastelanderone,"Do you like zombies? Do you suck at typing? Do you like really really dumb humor?Then this game is for you!Seriously, it's amazing and it includes the full House of the Dead: Overkill game too. Buy it already!"
,Recommended,246580,14505678,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Emi,This is the most ridiculous game I have ever played. You quickly type out nonsensical sentences in order to kill zombies while advancing an equally nonsensical plot. Buy it.
,Recommended,246580,15194703,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sour Cream Princess,"This game, this mother♥♥♥♥ing game. Its a typing rail shooter, with a silly stupid story that pokes fun at itself, and drops F-bombs every second word. Its fun, fast paced, the story is stupid and the game KNOWS it, making fun of typical action stuff. AND it includes just House of the dead, in case typing isn't your thing for some odd reason.So if you like rail shooters with comedy, violence and gore, this is for you. The most fun I have ever had playing an educational game while killing Zom-, Mutants.killing mutants."
76561198108031310,Recommended,246580,26429873,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Highly addictive. If you wanna learn how to type, might as well kill zombies while youre at it. Very difficult to master, and frustrating at times. But highly enjoyable for all that."
,Recommended,246580,7517379,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Nakadashi,You best be playin' the best version of tha best HotD game else you be a jive MUTHAFUKA
,Recommended,246580,8638826,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,gaem.Josh Buddy,Increase dat WPM.
,Recommended,246580,7627150,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Deimos,"Enjoyable and intense way to improve your typing skills. The voice acting and story in general is incredibly bad in a hilarious way, and in my opinion the ""typing"" play mode is much more enjoyable and exciting than the ""mouse points gun"" mode."
76561198050750789,Recommended,246580,8070986,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"test your typing , challenge ur self and avoid hits from zombies  keyboard is ur weapon .and also it will improve ur type , u can choose difficulty while practiced it well , it gives u long wordand also u can challenge ur friends who will get high score . at the end it's interesting game and great"
,Recommended,246580,7553350,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Jayson,"You clicked on this. Buy it. You won't regret it. You're already interested, and words alone cannot express how spectacular this game is."
,Recommended,246580,7959953,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Kipari,"If you like typing in words quickly and killing zombies with said words; you should definitely buy this game. If you want extra challenges, try playing on a tablet without physical keys."
,Recommended,246580,7515976,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Highwang,"Tarintino-style HotD but with typing and the best kind of ♥♥♥♥ing ludicrous typing. 10/10, would type again.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zjka9BnCnJ0"
,Recommended,246580,8275036,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,nusensei,"Pretty intense for the typing gameplay, but plagued by long cutscenes. Sega overkilled the cheesy parody of B-movie horror flicks."
,Recommended,246580,8419603,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gig,"This game is quite possibly too much fun. If you love typing, you will love this game. If you don't love typing...well, you're a mother♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ up my ♥♥♥♥ of a companion."
,Recommended,246580,23911876,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✪ Himawari.NEO,"Ahh, This is my favourite typing game ever. But I think the System Requirements of this game are wrong, Because I'm playing this game on my DirectX 9 Graphics Card while It's says It's required DirectX 10."
,Recommended,246580,24037866,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DRAD as in THE DRAD,"FIRST OF ALL DON'T BOTHER WITH THE DLC THE WORKSHOP CONTENT IS 100000X BETTERNow on the game itself, it's fun as hell, a modern classic of its own that everyone should try sometime, sadly it was doomed into obscurity during its wii launch, and then into the ps3 (with the move control to get the full experience, which also limits the demographic available).There is absolutely no lose here, you get 2 games, classic overkill and tryping version, the story is amazing, the dialogue is fun as hell. Don't waste your time and buy this, discount or not."
76561198014719466,Recommended,246580,26322782,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,!Guy!,"running in 1080p(cant run it any higher).lots of messed up textures in the game(rendered as just black or invisible) but not game-breaking. few video settings to tweak(literally two+resolution).several issues with it crashing when first run, but otherwise stable if you get it running.still the best typing game ive ever played."
,Recommended,246580,7551130,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,kesadisan,"Notepad Simulator...Ok real reviewA good port from PS3 to PC, smooth, kinda buggy but it worksBoss fight kinda lame, I played the first and second Typing of the Dead, these games got much better boss fight, but this one is fineDictionary is awesome, checkout some screenshot on the community hub for more.Overall it's a good game, don't expect anything awesome, it's well made.To be honest, it's only worth the half price. :B1:"
,Recommended,246580,34138867,Posted: 9 August,all,The Flow,One of the most fun ways to become better at typing.
,Recommended,246580,10329644,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,seka,Destroyin dem badies with my 160wpm. 10/10
,Recommended,246580,7741274,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bruh,"This game is challenging and it's great fun. It's also quite funny too, my only problems are the underwhelming graphics, the inability to pick up Power-Ups in ""Typing"" and the occassionally unresponsive keyboard controls.  Also, it really isn't that difficult. The only difficult things in the game are the boss fights, but they are more or less unintentionally difficult.However, this game also includes ""House"" and that is very nicely done and it isn't unintentionally difficult either. It feels just like an arcade game, just with a weird grindhouse look and feel to it which makes the game more interesting as you don't normally see this kind of art style in games."
,Not Recommended,246580,10328453,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Rabbit,"The game has a wonderful 70s exploitation film theme, and the gameplay is fun, it's just that I couldn't stand to play any more than I did. The game plays one chord and it plays it very well, unfortunately that chord just happens to get old after not very long."
,Recommended,246580,7753854,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,👻Spoopy Nexus👻,If you dont get this then shame on you
76561198036766234,Not Recommended,246580,10464100,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Malteros,Disappointed in lack of local co-op.  This was why I purchased this game.  It was such an integral part of the previous games that I didn't think I needed to check when it is listed as single and multiplayer.
,Recommended,246580,21019595,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,sln,ONLINE: If you're buying this for the online multiplayer I highly suggest you don't. It desyncs very often.The single player is fine.
76561198030164489,Recommended,246580,20514075,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mafila,"My latest attempt at a perfect run was foiled because the developers misspelled the word ""chromosphere"". Or was it ""chronosphere""? I don't remenber, I just know the p and h were switched around. Either way, 10/10 - will blame others for my failures again."
,Recommended,246580,16166475,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,theotherwinchester,"I actually really love this game, which is surprising because I'm not a big fan of zombie themed games or movies. I find them really repetitive and they're just the same thing over and over. However, with Typing of the Dead, there are different mechanics that I'm not used to using, like the whole keyboard for example. Even though the plot of the game is pretty thin, it doesn't take itself seriously, and it's pretty entertaining.  I like that it challenges me to type as fast as I can, and there are so many different dictionaries to download, which makes the phrases vary even more than they already do. My only real complaint about this game is that a lot of the achievements are really grindy. You have to play the same levels over and over again, which can get tedious when you marathon games like I do. I've played this game for 8 hours over the past 3 days, so I'm kind of sick of playin the same levels over and over. Even the thrill of getting another achievement has started wearing off. I'll just have to come back to it later to finish it off.Basically, it's an awesome, fun game, and it'll challenge your skills when it comes to touch-typing. It gets repetitive, but as long as you don't marathon it like I did, it should be okay. It's definitely worth buying if you want to improve your typing skills and/or if you like zombie games."
,Not Recommended,246580,10560759,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Toldry,"After purchasing the game, it would refuse to run. After reinstalling the game several times and following orders from both Steam and SEGA's customer support I only managed to get it running once.I played through the first campaign chapter and it was so stale and uninteresting compared to the original game.Ever since then I couldn't manage to get the game running again, and I won't try to either."
,Recommended,246580,8685173,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SePPiE,"Damn, good conversion and two games for the price of one. You get Type of the Dead as well as the House of the dead version. It's an extended cut, so even if you loved the Wii version there is reason to buy this game.. It has 2 extra levels and upgraded graphics. Not a cheap port either.Graphics are nice and crisp, fluent on average to modern hardware.Sound, music and voice acting was and still is SuperBAnd it still has the original cheapiness and famous lines like ""What the F do I have to do to pacify a ♥♥♥♥♥"". Still use it daily :PIsaac Washington is one smart dude. ;-)"
76561198048584640,Recommended,246580,10646364,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ManWall,"Like House of the dead? Have a knack for having a good WPM sometimes like for that last minute essay? Well let me tell you of typing of the dead. As a guy who doesnt have a good WPM, I found this game to be really fun. when i first saw it i thought I wouldnt like it but after playing the first level it was just so muc fun. It has the house of the dead feel except they went with a more comical approach with it and made it feel like those roadhouse movies. Definitly a pick up if its dirt cheap, but if you find that you dont like TotD theres also a house of the dead mode where you can use your mouse or gamepad."
76561197999611876,Recommended,246580,10651828,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,megacool,game is crazy but great fun!
,Recommended,246580,10211759,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Probably Mussolini,Pretty Much the best game ever.
,Recommended,246580,8688708,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Wesu,"The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of slapstick horror and typing games. A good way to improve your touch-typing skills, especially under pressure. On the highest difficulties, this game remains challenging even for the most hardened keyboard warriors."
76561197960438021,Recommended,246580,8975819,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Mr Therapy,"I owned a Dreamcast when I lived in Japan. During that time, I saw people playing the original Typing of the Dead in japanese arcades. I bought the game for my Dreamcast and had a lot of fun with it. This new version is based on another House of the Dead game and wasn't quite as charming and zany as the original. But it's still funny. I think the gameplay can wear a bit thin but if you loved the original and can pick it up cheap on a Steam sale, it's probably going to keep you smiling for a few hours or more..."
,Recommended,246580,10957307,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MikeAKansasCop,I really like typing games and if you do too this is pretty hilarious. I got it on the steam summer sale and I'd suggest to anyone that even remotely likes this kind of thing
,Recommended,246580,11407056,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,gorkish,"I really enjoy Typing of the Dead even though it is more idle amusement and not a challenging game for me. My home arcade cabinet has a keyboard drawer that has turned out to be a good accessory for this game. It is a great spin on the zombie shooter, and the writers have done a great job with the jokes. I look forward to playing the DLC to see what else they have come up with.This is a great game to buy on a Steam sale; it will be extremely frustrating for anyone who is not already a fairly decent typist though."
76561198040048539,Recommended,246580,9914882,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,shikashinigami,"Hilarious old school action movie feel, plus it's a FPS without the aiming part."
,Recommended,246580,10552962,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lungz,"11/10 Had to type ""Bored boner"""
76561197968427514,Recommended,246580,9025196,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Majima Kiryu-chan Goro,"When I first got the game, there was one thing that brothered me. It is the fact that the game does has very few graphic settings to work with, which for people with lower-end computers, this is somewhat of an issue. I am however giving the game two thumbs up for having this game and House of the Dead: Overkill together in one package. If you are not into B-movies with cheesy dialog, this game may not be for you. If you're the type of person who cares more on Gameplay, the game is very entertaining if you love killing zombies."
76561198046905848,Recommended,246580,13514308,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,JergOP,"This game's cutscenes, character writing, plot development, etc, are all bad. The game is conscious of that and phrases itself as a fun game.The typiong combat of the game is OK. It's not bad, but not good. There was a lot of potential for more fun combat against the bosses in the game"
,Recommended,246580,7745954,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,bL4sT!,"So, writing a review about a game that's about typing? Count me in. :)This game isn't as good as the old Dreamcast one but it sure is enjoyable at small doses. You play as the 2 most out of place characters in the universe (and 2 chicks that are even more out of place) on a storyline that's good/bad enough to be the plot of some B-movie from the 70's.The gameplay is addictive, although it gets pretty repetitive after some time, the graphics are really dated by nowdays standards, the controls are what you would expect from a title like this and the replayability is pretty high, since all the words are randomized and you can aim for a better rank/score.I don't think it's worth it's full price if you're not a fan of the franchise since it's a game that you would play only on small dosis, but expect those small dosis to be fun and franctic. But if you are a fan, buy this game now: You probably won't regret it.If you need a score, I'll give this game a 7/10. It's not as memorable as the first one in the franchise nor it does something different than putting words to type on HOTD: Overkill, but since it comes with it as well, it counts as a good bonus for an already above average game."
,Recommended,246580,8077431,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Yuuki Rito,BEST MOTHERF*CKING GAME EVER
,Recommended,246580,8689933,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,DIO the invader,"Good but not greatIts a fun niche game with a ridiculous (in a good way) story. Typing out ""okey dokey doctor jones"" while fending of a horde of zombies is a great feeling. However I must compare this to the previous Typing of the dead game.Much of the uniqueness of the first game are not present here.The boss fights are poorly suited for typing in this game.Gone are the sentence drills or answer a question fights of the first game. The boss fights are not much different from the regular zombies of just typing the word(s) before they attack. Another problem I feel with the game is thatit is too easy. Disclaimer: only ran through once on normal mode. Throughout the game the difficulty between levels was not noticable. On the last level I was still getting words that were 5 characters long. Maybe there were some marginally longer sentences to type out but i would not say it was significant increase in difficulty. Compared to the first game, the difficulty was very noticable with some zombies having very long words to type out. Also in the first game, when you die the difficulty changes dynamically.The difficulty in this game is not dynamic compared to the first. The game also has some general buggy-ness. I had to restart once because when I finished typing out a zombies string, it disappered yet the zombie was still there rendering it impossible to me to beat him. Also the audio cut out many times when I had to face rage zombies. Probably the biggest knock I have for the game is that I came acrossrepeated phrases in a single level(occured multiple times). I have never seen this happen in the previous game but there should be no reason I see the phrase Killing Twins twice in one level.This too happened with the DLC I bought. I believe the dlc is much much smaller than i expected it to be.As many problems the game has, it just dumb and fun. Not many other games you can type and kill zombies. Buy it when it goes on sale. Or torrent the superior previous one. I highly recommend the latter."
,Recommended,246580,11160629,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,GR1Mshadow,"Killed a zed by typing 'Holy f**king c**ks'10/10, also pretty good practice for touch typing."
,Recommended,246580,9078198,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Brocolli,"Extremely fun new game for typing of the dead, I love the cheesiness of it and the game mechanics, was not expecting to see this on steam store.Pro's:Gritty GraphicsIncludes House of the dead overkillDifficulty levelsFun type to kill mechanics change the FPS normals in this gameImprove typing speed whilst having fun playing a gameCollectablesMinigamesCheesy storyHas some funny momentsCons:Short story for the price of the gameUnless you want all the collectables then there is little replay valueFinal Verdict:Great game for improving typing whilst blowing the brains out of zombies, it is a cheesy and short story but it will keep you entertained. For when you finish the story there is always multiplayer, mini games and the original HotD Overkill to play8/10"
,Recommended,246580,16375145,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,ManBehindTheWires,"Much like the original, acts as the funnest way to keep your touch-typing on point. Epic grindhouse flavors, a difficulty setting that ranges from ""♥♥♥♥♥"" to ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and a deliberately, hilariously dreadful narrative that's guaranteed to put a smile on your face."
,Recommended,246580,7513137,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Hipster Elephant,"It's the cult classic that was once exclusive to the Wii, mixed with the bonus content from the PS3, then made love to Typing Tutors."
,Recommended,246580,7768441,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,⚡( ͡ಥ╭͜ʖ╮͡ಥ) GP  ʘ‿ʘ⚡,"If you loved the classic, you'll still love this one!  Just as much fun and glad to see them add the normal House of the Dead: Overkill as well!"
,Recommended,246580,7545461,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,doc,Is it a typing tutor? Is it a terrible wanna-be grindhouse film? If you can forgive the fact there are no dreamcast/keyboard getups then this is pretty close to the perfect game.
,Recommended,246580,10192186,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Dr. Zoidberg,"Ok ""People that don't like games"", here's one that you'll aquire a skill from, if practiced enough. GRANTED, it's not covering the basics, and it's not going to make you a perfect typist, unless u seek to be, BUT, it's far more entertaining than any typing game I've played... well, the super cheezy cutsences are difficult to watch, but otherwise it's an amusing typing game... Oh, and the original House of the Dead is included... incase u wanna kill zombiez the traditional way. That's my 2 cents."
76561198064361231,Recommended,246580,28613096,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,bastiaanboy,This game is a start up for learning to type faster. Inbetween the cutscenes and vulgar expressions from the main characters there is a challenging  test-your-reaction type of game.There will be moments when you scream at your screen because you just missed one letter and the time to spell the word ran out. But generally good fun.Mods is always a big plus! With custom dictionaries in various languages.Fun game.8/10
76561197998186102,Recommended,246580,8101400,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,m3rcer,"This game is both ridiculous campy fun and good practice for speed typing. I don't think it's worth the retail price, but get it when it's on sale along with some dlc."
76561197995432725,Recommended,246580,7967514,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,wellwisherelf,g49 game would play again
,Recommended,246580,9328101,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,vFGG,"they dont have the keyboard guns but hey, you can't win em all"
,Recommended,246580,7745618,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,bkzland,"Lots of fun if you're into the keyboard typing kind of games. And lots of swearing, too. Follows the path of detective Isaac Washington and Agent G as well as Varla Guns and Candi Stryper in a trash horror movie setting."
76561198008085514,Recommended,246580,26933620,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Klantsmurfen,Only the most brilliant minds can make typing this fun
,Recommended,246580,7517960,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Mr. Rascal,I like typing at zombies.
76561198036526216,Recommended,246580,8670832,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,a531,"Campy but good, that is, if you can type."
,Recommended,246580,10265148,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Damon,"Look. It's a typing game. BUT, it also lets you play the arcade game House of the Dead: Overkill with your mouse too.Arcade game+Typing Game+Grindhouse Cinema+Zombies. It's not going to win any awards for story, but who cares?"
,Recommended,246580,7750595,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dr. Steve Brule,"This is such a brilliant ""meta"" game; it parodies an entire genre it helped to create, pop culture (""Whose pig is this?"") as well as ""B"" and ""Z"" grade science-fiction and horror movies."
,Recommended,246580,8200711,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,pete_clarf,"The best.  Takes me back to Dreamcast days.  The only thing missing are the overlays with the Dreamcast backpacks.  In this case, I guess it would be a PC?"
,Recommended,246580,8240907,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tundrathor,"Ultimate stress, prepare to wish you were better at typing."
76561197964742061,Recommended,246580,8321057,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Myxus,"Ridiculous on every level and hilariously bad, Typing of the Dead is exactly what you'd expect it to be...but in a typing game!  What fun!"
76561198102323853,Recommended,246580,7919692,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,yparker14,"You get The Typing of the Dead game PLUS the regular point and shoot game, which is a great deal. Very entertaining game and co-op is excellent. I had no problems playing the game and the best part is that you also get to practice your typing skills in a very fun way. Worth checking out!"
,Recommended,246580,7925831,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MegaPieManPHD,"The absurdness of Typing of the Dead mixed with the self aware, B movie, humor of THOTD: Overkill makes for a fun and challenging experience."
76561198028805789,Recommended,246580,9114942,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Weegie,Great game to learn how to increase typing speed but not for children.  To many swears etc.  To bad would of been great to teach kids how to type turning it into a game but the poor language and sexual themes ruin it for kids.
76561197999448347,Recommended,246580,7533828,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Oman elämänsä Arje,Bestest gayme everrr
,Recommended,246580,8219778,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Darkplace,"This game is hilarious, especially with the ""Filth"" dlc.The original (non-type) version of the game is included for those of you with slow fingers.Graphics: 7/10Sound: 10/10Story: 9/10Mechanics: 8/10Puzzle difficulty: n/aTotal: 8/10"
,Recommended,246580,7762390,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nier The Unyielding,Old good memory from my childhood :D recommend
,Recommended,246580,7746637,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,darkyoda,A funny game with a different and interesting mechanic. Has a very Grindhouse feel to it. And it has increased my typing speed by quite a lot.
76561198054213246,Recommended,246580,8741299,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Bernald the Insane,"For a sequel to Kewala I guess you could say it lived up to all expectations.The ""key(board)"" to this game was to write the words that appear on screen as fast as you possibly can to slay the relentless hordes.I hope this game is your ""type"" because that's what you'll be doing all the time, listening to a poorly drawn black man slander about cars and detective work.A fun twist on the genre, you definitely won't be ""(key)board"" with this fascinating title."
,Recommended,246580,8718781,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,GILGAMESH,EXCELLENT GAME!
,Recommended,246580,8123398,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mykola,To buy or not to buy?STFU and take my money!Kill zom.. mutants with typing.Get Goregasm.Enlarge your WPM ratio.People will think that you're playing some trashy-shooter.They don't know you are actually improving your typing skill.While killing mutants.Could it get any more awesome than that?
,Recommended,246580,8701382,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Gorgo Primus,This game... is WAAAAAY better than it has any right to be.
76561197978306292,Recommended,246580,8260619,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jormangand,More fun than typing a Word document!
76561198110596515,Recommended,246580,8653689,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Death666,"So much fun, but you defently need to be able to type fast."
,Recommended,246580,8713316,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,MissBunny,"This game is amazing. It's so stupid, over the top, and freaking crazy. It's even more fun to play multiplayer. The story will have you laughing, the words will have you laughing, and the typing will leave your fingers numb. The bosses are designed really well and will most likely gross you out. With a game that isn't too hard for people who are decent at typing, you are destined to have a good time with this hilarious narative that is splattered with so many cuss words you'd better eat that soap then just wash with it. 8/10."
76561198037409398,Recommended,246580,10949749,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ImAwesomeDood,"this game is hilarious, fun and it helps you type faster"
76561198079449975,Recommended,246580,7629041,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,King Pescado,"Fun game, funnier lines, and a great way to improve typing speed and accuracy"
,Recommended,246580,15069040,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Toad,Killed a zombie by typing herpes.10/10
,Recommended,246580,24864315,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Vegan The Hedgehog,"Not the best way to increase your typing skills, but very enjoyable and with certain mods it's very good for multiple playthroughs."
76561198003105786,Recommended,246580,7777719,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,carritohmc,"Good game overall. If you're a fan of the original typing of the dead then I would say definitely get this one. It has much better graphics, a funnier story (not sure if the original House of the Dead games were intentionally funny or not), also has House of the Dead Overkill (played with controllers and mouse although I didn't try it).While it may lack the modes, such as tutorials and specific letter challenges that the original Typing of the Dead had, it more than makes up for it with multiple difficulty settings, unlockables, a few challenges and a hardcore mode.Some people may find it offensive, but keep in mind this is done in the style of 70s Grindhouse movies, so sleaze, exploitation, gore and... typing."
,Recommended,246580,8230079,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ArthaLog,"It's stupid, crass, has terrible writing, and is immensely enjoyable. Wouldn't pay more than $10 for it, though"
,Recommended,246580,7837504,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,josher_09,type word kill zombie type more words kill more zombies yea!!!
,Recommended,246580,8695307,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Jag Gentlemann,"One of my favourite Wii games now on PC with better graphics and some new stages. And what's more important, new cutscenes.I don't really like teh Typing mode but you can still shoot ""mutants"" with the mouse of gamepad, si you can ignore it.Bad things:-Censorship without sense: In the Wii version in certain cutscene you can see Varla's nipple, but not here. Why the ♥♥♥♥ they censor that in a game where there's blood and violence everywhere?-Sometimes sound effect don't work: There are certain areas, usually when a character is talking, where you can't hear the shoots. There are more examples but the usual is that.-Bosses are more boring than in Wii version, or at least I feel like that."
,Recommended,246580,8110918,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,resnick,TAHNKS TO TISS GAME I TYPE SOOOOO GUD NOW
,Recommended,246580,14890290,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Serious George,"I am a terrible typist! My CPM is revolting! I mistype frequently which is shameful! I'm having a ♥♥♥♥ing BLAST, I tell ya!I do actually feel like I'm improving a bit with this game. Learning to type is not why you play Typing of the Dead though.You play it because the concept is just so stupid. You play it because a rail shooter where you type at enemies can be unaccountably fun and also goddamn: Seriously tense sometimes! No horror game has ever raised my heart rate to the degree a silly typing game did at points.YOU HURT ZOMBIES WITH WORDS. YOU HURT THEIR FEELINGS RIGHT OUT OF THEIR FACES. FEELING LOOKS LIKE BLOOD AND BITS OF FACEAs a bonus you get the original shooty version of the game! It's okay, but obviously not the main event here.Sometimes the story and presentation does get a bit too close for comfort to the grindhouse movies it parodies. This means the game is really not PC and that can understandably bother some, so be warned.Some graphics bugs can also happen, which is to do with AMD Radeon drivers I think.Get this for a laugh when it's on sale, why the hell not?"
,Recommended,246580,15959679,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,DeckerShado,"Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GZprB5vXXoThe Typing of the Dead: Overkill is the end result of The House of the Dead Overkill moving from a Wii title, to a PS3 title and finally making it's way to PC. It also is the latest iteration of the tradition of changing the gameplay from point-and-shoot into typing tutor, while changing almost nothing else about the game.Everything is very over the top grindhouse horror with stuff that at times even makes my stomach turn a bit.. and it's hilarious. If this sounds up your alley, TOTDO may be worth the price for you. Just don't get your hopes up on the minigames or multiplayer keeping your interest after the main campaign.. at best, the inclusion of the original game with mouse shooting controls might be fun. Tapping keys at duck shoot targets and dying constantly as you and your friend type over each other's words in crippling lag? Not so much.3/5 ""Is it on sale?"""
,Recommended,246580,8690082,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,TF9880,you shoot zomb-I mean mutants by misspelling words
,Recommended,246580,7948082,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Quady14,"I'd type a review for this game, but I'm having too much fun typing in this game."
,Recommended,246580,9073240,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Duke Magus,"Typing of the dead + House of the dead rolled in one pachage.cheesy as hell, the acting is horrible, the lines and plot are as dumb and delusional as it could be.AND IT'S GOOD BECAUSE OF ITthe definitive tribute to the horrible horror movies of the 80's"
,Recommended,246580,8099623,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,hoshiro.exsharaen,"Usually I'm not really into zombie-shooting games, but this one is... hilariously fun! The story might not be the best of its kind, but it's funny enough to keep entertained, even during the levels. Never before I laughed during levels in zombie-shooting games! Just beware of that urge of bashing your keyboard to smack those bullets into the zom... I mean, the mutants :DA must-have if you love typing and shooting zombies.But if you're not that typing type and want the real experience using mouse or controller, there's the House of the Dead mode. Included. Two games with one price. Isn't it awesome?"
,Recommended,246580,19791755,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,About Tree Fiddy,"If you like killing zombies with sexual innuendo, look no further!Other qualifications include: people who are smart enough to realize how useful it is to type without looking, or people that lack an extensive vocabulary when it comes to describing♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped objects that aren't Donald Trump."
,Recommended,246580,8667529,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Keithster™,"this game is great fun - it has some really uncommon words, (but they are words one knows :) ,) that you have to really think about, and its just so good for practicing typing in an entertaining way :)the text under the zombies changes colour depending on how close they are to hurting you, so you know to prioritise the flashing ones for example, and to type them super fast ;)the dialogues the characters and narrator gives are all very funny, and there are some mini games too like a shooting range for when you don't want to do the story line.  haven't tried multiplayer but should be cool :)"
,Recommended,246580,33009128,Posted: 29 June,all,OldWoodenLog CSGO-Coins.com,As a typing lover here i honestly find this game hilarious and fun to play and i would recommend the game!
,Recommended,246580,21407865,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jannie~ 야냔,"I DEFINITELY recommend this game to every type-enthusiasts out there. This game is a new version of House of the dead: Overkill, but with a little twist. Instead of aim & shoot, you have to type the words correctly in order to shoot/kill the zombies, the words get more advanced and harder for each level you pass, so therefore this is a great way in order to learn how to type fast.For example: In stage 1, the words are pretty simple of course, so therefore you have to type words like ""Unicorns, rail"", but later in the game you have to type extremely long words and sentences.There are three difficulties:AgentB*tchMotherf*cke"
,Recommended,246580,12755582,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lex Lagger,"2.8 Hours and a few continues and it's beaten.If you are tyring to practice your typing and don't wish to actually have a conversation with another person to do so then this is for you.If you are 13 years old, like ""boobs"" lot's of cursing and extremely racist and sexist over tones then this is the game for you.If you are uptight and easily offended and need any sort of decent voice acting or writing this is NOT the game for you.What it is:A game bassed off arcade cheese that will help you with your typing skills.In the end? Get it on sale, and get better at typing.Cost less than a beer and lasted longer than one as well."
,Recommended,246580,8075299,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,JessAnn,"What is with the acting?  And the horrible graphics?  AND I HAVE TO TYPE?!  I JUST WANT TO SHOOT THINGS!  Come on, people!  A zombie game where I'm not allowed to call them zombies?!  What kind of fresh hell is this?  And, I'm sorry, is it possible to have women in video games who are decently covered and without massive, gravity-defying perky boobs?  I just don't get it.  There are so many things that could have been done right in this game that are done wrong.And don't get me started on Issac Washington, who can't complete a sentence without cursing.  It's despicable.This game is great if you like any of the above things.  Also, it's campy as hell."
76561197971300886,Recommended,246580,8134348,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,amishmonster,"I can only recommend this for some people, who will appreciate the very special brand of stupid on offer here. It won't be for everyone, but it's good for a laugh at how absurd the typing mechanics are on top of the dialogue and everything else. Do wait for a sale."
,Recommended,246580,8674942,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,James P. Albini,"If you want something fresh, something different from your everyday COD-copy shooter, you should check this title out.The typing mechanics can be intense, there are a variety of levels from a carnival to a swamp, an onslaught of unlockables, various weapon upgrades, multiple difficulty levels, and so forth. The original version of the game is also included, which you can play with the mouse. While not as much fun as typing away mutants, it is fun in its own way and totally makes it worth doing a second or third run through the story.Thought I would be turned off by all the over-the-top expletives others have complained about, but it never actually bothered me nor distracted me. In fact, I would say some of the narrator dialog is really well-written. Many of the words you need to type not only change depending on the level you are on, but are also either amusingly dark or subtle references (""A Rita Hayworth Poster"" during a prison level), or cleaver puns.Keep in mind that this is an arcade shooter. If you can already type fast, hardcore mode won't be so hardcore, ergo won't take long to complete. I would say if you're only interested in the typing mode and beating it just once, you can see everything in about two hours. Personally, I'm planning on unlocking all the achievements and so estimating I will get a good eight to ten fun hours out of this.It's worth paying the admission price for such a unique gaming experience."
76561197968898700,Recommended,246580,7740874,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,usunoro,"It's a good deal, though it has some technical issues.   It comes with Typing of the Dead: Overkill AND the original House of the Dead: Overkil (moust controls).  If you like on rails lightgun shooters, the gamers are both very good.  Also, they have now added multiplayer support, making it even more fun.  Only downside is it does not have the cheeseyness of the original Typing of the Dead/HOTD2, but still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,246580,14847355,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,"Great game brought back from the dead. It took me a minute to figure out there was two versions of the game, one being typing words(which I thought there only was) and the ever classic arcade shooter more that I am much better at than typing. We had typing class in elementary, sucked balls then. Not so bad now with the L4D2 B movies for plot. Its an even better game with friends."
,Recommended,246580,9308433,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,fancy portion,"If you know what it is, you already know you want to play it.  If you don't know what it is, look up ""Typing of the Dead"" on YouTube.  Then, once you realize you want to play it, come back and buy it."
,Recommended,246580,13731115,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,VRadley,You wouldn't believe how fast I typed this review after playing TOTD.
,Recommended,246580,10198711,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Paper Girl,This game is fun if you like typing really fast.
76561197993676604,Recommended,246580,34106558,Posted: 8 August,all,Remix,"much more boring and repetitive than the original, but still quite fun, and a good bit longer"
,Recommended,246580,23051400,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Valentyne,"Are you looking for over-the-top characters, silly dialogue, highly offensive content? You'll love this game. The entire thing makes it feel like you're playing through a game directed by Quentin Tarantino. It's got copious amounts of swearing, plenty of blood, and feels like a House of the Dead game with a little more violence added. Be warned, it gets pretty nasty in places, so if you're squeamish or can't handle typical horror-related situations, you may not enjoy this one."
,Recommended,246580,10943519,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Demonhawk,Amazingly fun. You'll have carpal tunnel in no time!
,Recommended,246580,8646474,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Fr0styMatt,Absolutely fantastic fun.  I'd never played House Of The Dead so this content was all new to me.  It's B-grade horror grindhouse and it never takes itself seriously.  Awesome.
,Recommended,246580,34320420,Posted: 17 August,all,Snivets,I really really *really* want to meet someone who learns to type well by playing this game. The Shakespeare text pack is an absolute riot!
76561198069113247,Recommended,246580,14228457,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Armesi,I dream of a future where this is on every school computer as a typing tutor.
76561198061496784,Recommended,246580,15064428,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,HIV aladeen,ON SALE  $6.24.Also includes House of the Dead: Overkill
,Recommended,246580,35211017,Posted: 25 September,all,Aarondiger1,gg
76561198082428189,Recommended,246580,35484406,Posted: 4 October,all,covenantslayer1,"Please note: This review is based mostly on the game as HOTD: Overkill and on playing both this port and the original Wii releaseFor anybody who doesn't know, The Typing of the Dead: Overkill is a typing-based rail shooter that's the PC port of the PS3 version of The House of the Dead: Overkill which originally released in 2011 (whichitselfis a HD port/extended version of the Wii version released in 2009). As Typing of the Dead: Overkill, the game is the third installment to an ""edutainment"" spin-off series for the arcade seriesThe House of the Dead. While asHouseof the Dead: Overkill, it serves as an aforementioned spin-off and prequel to the arcade series (and the final game in the series as of 2017).Now I remember first seeing this on Steam a year or two ago and only recently decided to get the game because I discovered in a video review of this port that the original game was included as an extra. Now going into this version definitely brings back memories of being in middle school and playing the orginal game on my Nintendo Wii on the day it launched. Now running this on Windows 8.1 on a laptop that I had only gotten a mere 2 months after this port's release, this port runs very well with the only freezing being during the loading screens and some lag when opening the pause menu in-game. Plus visually the game's graphics are serviceable for a PC port of a PS3 port of a Wii game.The story in bothTypingandHouseplot is pretty simple, two men, G (a character from the arcade games) and Isaac Washington are two men in search of the crime boss simply known as Papa Ceaser, whose insanity is probably matched equal only with his love for take-out Chinese food. However, when they storm his personel mansion, they soon discover a dark secret. And thus, with stripper Varla Guns, they set out on a quest of twists, revenge, and a crap ton of zom-err I mean mutants.The game's presentation as a grindhouse film is actually pretty good and really takes advantage of the fact that this installment was not heading for the arcades. For example, while the other games contained mild language, Overkill has S and F bombs dropping left and right (so much to the point that for a year, it held a world record for most profane video game). And the comedy especially works to its advantage during the cutscenes and gameplay while enemies and bosses spill over-the-top levels of blood and gore. Stuff that would of never been allowed without being cut or censored had the original dev team gone for an arcade release. The game also has the 2 extra levels created for the PS3 version and the director's cut which serves as a slighty extended/harder version of the main game.Of course the game does have it's downsides. For example, the game feels fairly easy and the only difficulty choices being normal and hardcore (with the latter being unlocked only after completing the game once. And that the game does lack the ability to change the control scheme.(I should note, that I yet to complete the PC version at the time of posting this review however like the rest of the series, the game is pretty short with this one. Especially since back when I first played the Wii version, I completed the game in a couple hours.)Overall,Typing/House of the Dead: Overkillis a pretty fun game and as long as you have a decent PC, this PC port is a good option for an almost 10 year old game."
,Recommended,246580,9442638,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,CptnWaffles,"Politically incorrect story, unflattering in it's lack of character dialogue vocabulary, and yet still tons of fun.  For those with sensitive ears when it comes to vulgarities, this is not the title for you (it won a guiness world record for the number of vulgarities in a game).For those looking for an immaturely hilarious game to test your typing, this is the game for you.  Shooting zombies has never been so carpal-tunnel inducingly fun until now."
,Recommended,246580,11428539,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,sr. Hache,"Okay...here's the thing: If you think of this game as a video game being played solely for entertainment value...this game is ""okay"".  If you think of this as a typing program...it's the best that has ever existed.  As silly and self-aware as the story mode is, it does actually teach you to be a better and faster typer. I became a phenomenal typer on the original Typing of the Dead.  This version is even better because it's modern so you don't have to put up with old crappy graphics.  You can play through the game with the mouse as an straight forward FPS, but it's not why this is worth buying.  Seriously.  Play it for an hour once a week.  Your typing will improve.  Guaranteed."
76561198027355475,Recommended,246580,8826198,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Pepperonii-chan,JIve dawg ye ♥♥♥♥♥ we doin dat ye 420 get it type it live it #yolo
,Recommended,246580,8004224,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,kuru,"Critics say it's ""♥♥♥♥ing good"".It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing good."
76561197990220919,Recommended,246580,8666223,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,"You start out with real slow strokes, then you gradually pickup speed as it gets harder.  Faster strokes and the sheer hardness leads to a Scoregasm!Now Lets talk about Typing of the Dead:  The Dead appear on screen and you type words to kill them in a great B-Movie atmosphere with a lot F-Bombs.  etc.  Will it Make you a better typer?  Get it and Find out...This is actually two games in one.  Typing of the Dead:Overkill and House of the Dead:Overkill (Use Mouse to Shoot enemies)"
,Recommended,246580,10918268,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Juganawt,"I killed a zombie with ""P*ss Flaps.""10/10 would slay again!"
,Recommended,246580,13782093,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Mr. Buddy,"Ever wanted to watch a guy crawl into his giant mutated mother's ♥♥♥♥♥♥? If so, then this is the game for you.Oh, spoilers"
,Not Recommended,246580,11785396,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,FromTheInternets,"The game itself is fun, but you could get the same things in any other TotD titles. But when you reach the cutscenes, oh man do you want to rip your teeth out.It's just pushed to be ironically like a B-class movie to the point that it's not funny anymore, it's just cringy. And the bosses and the main bad guy are so forced to be disgusting that you vomit just for their desperate trying, not because they are actually disgusting.Also, I got through it in 3 hours, so it hasn't got any length whatsoever."
76561198012278574,Recommended,246580,32907101,Posted: 27 June,all,Gingynator,Great for learning to type.
76561198094377068,Recommended,246580,32910917,Posted: 27 June,all,Kyoureka,"Great game , testing my typing skill."
,Recommended,246580,25024382,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,rinlynn,"The end to this game had me in tears from laughing too hard. The plot is ♥♥♥♥ed up beyond all recognition, but I'm telling you now. This game was worth every penny."
,Recommended,246580,15412529,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,A very hot piece of Kek™,"A sequel to Sega's House of the dead spin-off game.-Its cheesy (And that's what they wanted)-Its weird-Its sometimes offensive-It makes you type sentences/words you'd most likely think of during a acid trip, in order to kill zombies-It has zombies-Its a learning game-It can barely go a minute without someone saying some sort of curseword.10/10 Best learning game every created.Get it to schools, now."
76561198083621686,Recommended,246580,23252806,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Filda_223,"looking for ATF learning software, here you go :-) I must admit that a love this game"
,Recommended,246580,34043782,Posted: 5 August,all,Clovers,"5.1/10, just enough to recommend.5.0 worth of my 5.1 rating is for aesthetic, and occasional comedy.The clad breasts in this game didn't draw much of any of my attention. That's a huge flag.I was initially stoked at how obscene this game's language is. Now if anyone is walking by while I'm playing this I turn the volume down and hope they don't hear.I.e. Oh F%$^ no. I KNOW this mothaf$%&a didn't just f$%^ all over my a$$-bagging s%^&*y f#@$ing *&!#$ suit that my #$%# dog s%$^ #$%@ed when it $%#@ed all up the inside of my god-$#%^ f$#% mouth!It's not thiiis bad, but they use the F word so much that it reminds me of a child experimenting with coarse language.Still, it's useful for learning to type faster. Flurries of bullets with every series of keystrokes is surprisingly gratifying. You're supposed to hit TAB to catch items in-game when you spot them, but because of either the design or my 20/20 vision I press it at random and have better luck that way. I skip the cutscenes after watching about six of them. I'll still beat it and chase some achievements, but oftentimes I find myself waiting for the levels to end. Good thing I type like a G. They have a ""House of the Dead"" version that you can switch to, but playing with a cursor isn't fun to me.On a sale, the <$1.00 DLC dictionaries were worth it. I enjoyed learning the phrases ""birds are bas$%#ds,"" ""we dont bang grandma,"" ""get your udders feeled,"" ""desperate milf party,"" ""i'd rather be his hoore than your wife,"" ""toilet suicide"" and ""steaming buckets of wet $hit."""
,Recommended,246580,33769367,Posted: 24 July,all,Devil、神鬼莫測,"This game is reallllly good.First, you can test your typing speed.Secondly, you can play with your friend. Also, you can have a competition to get a higher mark.It's really good. I have no fd though. :(However, The most important are, it is a memory that plays in gaming center when I was young. And I bet you have done it.It is an extremely fascinating experience. But nowadays, Arcade decrease continuously. Those light gun game become unfamous. I think it is a very good game type with VR.Also, you can play The Typing of The Dead: Overkill, mini games and the original game, House of Dead. Very high cost-effective.I met a bug while I advancing this game. The body of mutants would disappear when it just spawn. I'm using the latest driver from AMD.-special game type-compete with a friend-memory-multi game included-high cost-effective-graphic bug(mutants body disappear)7/10slightly recommend"
,Recommended,246580,11064949,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Imban,"I see why this game (or, well, House of the Dead: Overkill) temporarily had the Guinness World Record for most profane video game. That and the grindhouse aesthetic weren't really my thing, but as someone who loved the original Typing of the Dead, this was pretty close and a lot of fun.I'd have preferred the original, especially with the amazing little changes like keyboards instead of guns it had, and because House of the Dead 2 is one of my all-time favorite games, but I'm just glad a goofy niche title like Typing of the Dead actually got a sequel at all.More seriously, though, it's a typing game and you have to be interested in that. If you're not, there's still House of the Dead mode, but I haven't actually tried that to see how it works on PC."
,Recommended,246580,21245190,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,stixbunny aka happybunny,"Have you watched Planet Terror (2007)? If you haven't, a quick heads up: it's an homage to old grindhouse movies, low budget explotation made in the 70's, full of sex and violence. If a dude puking his own intestines in gruesome detailed fashion, a dog getting run over by an armored truck or a doctor moving Fergie's head, revealing her brains have been eaten byzombiesmutants is something you may find amusing, I suggest a watch.Now, onto the game...It's a House of the Dead game, so the gameplay is simple: you shoot zombies, they die, you fight a boss with a different mechanic at the end of the level, and bam, that's it. It's an on-rails shooter. While the older games had a rather paranormal feel this one is inspired in the movie above mentioned and the films that precede it. It's a funny and gory take on thezombiemutant outbreak. The characters are stereotyped yet not cliched, the screen get a nice messy filming filter and the music in funky as hell (well, except on the bosses, it gets a bit dubsteppy for my tastes).Here's an example quote:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Author(Being suave as hell) As you well know, Isaac, I enjoy pain. It's like a good chinese dinner, you know, with the sweet and the sour. Expanding on that analogy, I will smile with delight—that's the sweet—as you scream for your ♥♥♥♥ing life—of course, that's the sour.The kind of novel part is that you type instead of shoot. It was done before in The Typing of the Dead, which was a twist on the second game in the series. Everytime a zombie pops up on the screen, you have to type the corresponding word or phrase (depending on the difficulty) fast enough so you don't get killed, or type certain letter in a QTE fashion. The default dictionary used by the game uses some amusing words related to the level you're playing in, such as nasty medical terms in the hospital level and such. A nice addition is the use of the workshop for dictionaries, which can be as helpful (different language) as funny (memes, hentai phrases). There's also paid dlc for the game, including shakespeare, sci-fi and others.The original The House of the Dead: Overkill (2009) was released for the Wii, with the extended cut coming to PS3 a few years later adding better graphics and two new levels. This version of the game is virtually the same as the enhanced PS3 version, with the added typing gameplay. In fact, you can switch from the two versions in the main menu. The game consist of 9 levels, with three difficulty settings and well as an unlockable hardcore mode. You can also play the ""House"" shooter version, as well as unlock the Director's Cut version which contains different routes and challenges to complete, sadly only available in the shooter version.There's also minigames, testing your (typing) accuracy and survavility, as well as coop, although I didn't test the option (I have no friends ;-;) and have not heard good things about it, so can't recommend it just for that.I bought this game 'cause I enjoyed the original on Wii, and I'm a fan of Grindhouse/Exploitation films, not because I'm good at typing. In fact, I'm rather terrible. The game is pretty forgiving on lower difficulties, so it's definitely a good learning platform. It's so easy that if you're a pro typist (typer?), say 100+ wpm you may find it too easy. What I did missed was the tutorial level as in the original Typing of the Dead, so I would look it up if you're after learning some typing while blastingzombiesmutants.If you're looking for achievements, you can get most of them (around 25 I believe) just by playing and replaying the game (typing, house) which shouldn't take more than 8 hours. The typing game itself is around 3 hours for a perfect play.Definitely a buy!"
76561197993484003,Recommended,246580,20626431,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Nemesix86,Fantastic!The game with the highest number of keys to press!
,Recommended,246580,12533306,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,some.nerd,"If I had this instead of Mavis Beacon in the 9th grade, I'd probably be  able to type at 60 wpm!This is a fantastic update (ok, sequel?) to the original Typing of the Dead, which was really only available for Dreamcast, and that required the DC Keyboard, which you probably only had if (like me) you were heavily into Phantasy Star Online.Gameplay: on-rails light-gun shooter, where instead of shooting with a gun, you type words. Not just any words, though, this game had some clever writers. There are countless times when a word, combined with a specific enemy and/or situation, will give you a good laugh.As the original Typing of the Dead was a ""skin"" of sorts to House of the Dead 2, this game utilizes House of the Dead Overkill, which basically takes a grindhouse/""directed by Rob Zombie"" aesthetic and runs with its lovably cheesy and over-the-top plot throughout several stages.Looking for a fun way to boost those typing skills, or looking for a few good laughs? Definitely check it out.Not into typing? It also includes the shooter version of HotD: Overkill! Ya can't go wrong!"
,Recommended,246580,21863313,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,天 Ozymandias ☭,"I love all of the House of the Dead games, and this one is no different. In fact, it may be my favorite one, surpassing even House of the Dead 4: Special Edition.Pros:-Challenging (Tip: Priority is key)-Hilarious! The F-Bomb supposedly makes up for a whopping 3% of all dialogue and was in Guiness World Records for most swears in a video game.-Great characters and dirty villains. Love Agent G, Isaac Washington, Varla, etc. And Clement Darlings is one of the most ♥♥♥♥ed up villains I've ever seen in a game.-It also has the option to use the mouse instead of a keyboard, which is another bonus.-Great bosses. (And for the first time their names aren't Tarot cards)-Catchy soundtrack.-Sickening violence just the way I like it.-Surprisingly for a spinoff, it has a decent story.Cons:The one thing I have to complain is that sometimes as soon as the camera turns you are hit by a mutant behind you. Before your brain even processes anything, a zombie takes my health away. It may be a glitch, but I don't know. It's really frustrating sometimes, especially if I have Goregasm.All in all, great game. I definitely recommend this game. 9.9/10."
76561198148524010,Recommended,246580,18979216,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,にすることを求める人,Fun moments like on arcade machines SEGA
,Recommended,246580,12192326,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,redspacebeast,"Hope you know how to spell and type without looking at your fingers, because otherwise you’re dead. In the Typing of the Dead: Overkill - a typing-themed version of on-rails shooter House of the Dead: Overkill - the light-gun is replaced with a keyboard. Zombies shamble towards you with words or phrases in front of them, which you need to type out quickly and accurately before they eat you and your fumbling digits.This isn’t the first time a House of the Dead game has been turned into a typing tutor: it’s the same premise as the Dreamcast cult classic Typing of the Dead (1999). It’s a strange mix that works well: the goofy nature of the story and “grindhouse” aesthetic combined with comedic words at inappropriate times. While Overkill by itself was an average lightgun game, this typing iteration comes across better. It’s got a funky soundtrack, multiple difficulty levels, full Steam integration, and two-player cooperative play arrives later as free DLC. Boss encounters have been especially tweaked to better utilize the new input method.As a bonus, the game contains the full Extended Cut of the PlayStation 3 version of Overkill, playable with a mouse or controller. Extended Cut was a re-release of the original Wii version, with improved visuals, two new levels and a bunch of tiny tweaks."
,Recommended,246580,15305620,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Sirozha,Pros:+Good gameplay+Funny story+Lots of wordsCons:-Outdated graphics-You can break your keyboard if you're playing on hard difficulty8/10
,Recommended,246580,29245364,Posted: 14 January,all,kEVIN+,IR GoT ME tOO TYpE guDER THAN B4!@ THX GAYM!
,Recommended,246580,8700954,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Nyaznable,"You could just play MS Word, but this has a better spell check."
,Not Recommended,246580,10979869,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Demodulated,This remake sucks all the ridiculous campy fun out of the original. The dialogue is idiotic and the gameplay is stale. It completely fails at capturing any of the silly charm of the keyboard-wielding predecessor. This could very well be the absolute worst game I've ever bought on Steam.Buy this crappy game and suffer like G did?
76561198007747398,Recommended,246580,32970579,Posted: 28 June,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,Playing during work has never been more fun and safer : My boss think im the hardest working employee !Just remember not to laugh.
,Recommended,246580,7513854,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Huels,"The Typing of the Dead: Overkill is an offbeat first-person puzzle-action game for the PC that lets you fight hordes of gruesome zombies by quickly typing out words that appear onscreen. This unusual game actually has a history: It originally debuted on Sega's Dreamcast console in 2000 and was itself a modified version of Sega's previously released light-gun arcade game, The House of the Dead 2.As with most light-gun games, The Typing of the Dead is played ""on rails""--that is, you can't actually move your character or choose where to go next; the game determines that. However, depending on how quickly you defeat your enemies, you may be able to rescue innocent bystanders, uncover bonus items, and choose alternate paths through a level, though you'll always finish each level by fighting a powerful boss monster. These boss monsters will actually challenge you in a few interesting ways. For instance, one will force you to figure out and type in the correct answer to a simple question, while another will come barreling at you with a giant chainsaw and will strike you if you can't type out a full sentence in time.The Typing of the Dead is an unusual game that might not have amazing graphics or sound, but its gameplay is unique and extremely fun. Despite its strange, silly premise, it does have a few explicitly gory sequences--some zombies turn into sloppy messes when shot down, which is why it's an M-rated game. But if you like action-packed games or horror movies, you'll probably enjoy The Typing of the Dead...and even if you don't, you might want to give it a try."
,Not Recommended,246580,15496889,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ñimbus,"At first, nostalgia, but soon, boredom. At least, you can play it cooperatively, though it is not enough..."
,Not Recommended,246580,12429271,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,"I loved the original TotD, but this one is just a bit too... ""tactless"" for my taste. There also appears to be less variety and scaling in the typing progression (but what do you know, there are DLC packs for that!)."
,Not Recommended,246580,18029122,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,BLKDragon,"I only remcommend this game if you have Windows 7 or 8. If you have Windows 10 and a Nvidia graphic card, DO NOT buy this game. After I upgraded to Windows 10, I only get a blank screen when I launch the game. Plus, there is no simple fix for this. There are various solutions for different users. So, if you have Windows 10, avoid this game. Hopefully, the devs are listening and have a patch for it soon. I hate to see a great game go to waste over a OS compatility isssue."
76561198129720069,Recommended,246580,13193144,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,AQULIA,How will u survive PAPA'S PALACE of PAIN! By my wife's nipple clamps I send thy putrid mutent to hell!!
76561198025545914,Recommended,246580,12703397,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Critical_Wit,"Played the original game on Wii, which was great, and I love typing!  Best of both worlds!"
76561198044288742,Recommended,246580,18068380,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The Dude Liam,"The kind of game you only pick up on a sale, and are pleasantly suprised by. This contains the orginial House of the Dead: Overkill game and Typing of the Dead, and is a comedic on-rail zombie shooter in which you either shoot the zombies by aiming at them or by ferociously typing ridiculous word combinations like ""Dinosaur Mohogany"" or ""Sexual Knitting"". Altogether lots of fun and really good typing practice :)"
,Recommended,246580,16968208,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,HeWhoDies,"Look, it's not a WOW game. But hey, keeps my typing skills in check while having fun blowing away zombies and listening to fairly entertaining dialogue from the characters. Graphics are alright and i'd recommend it to anyone... truthfully.Not a bad buy if you get it on sale. I think I got it for 5$ last sale."
,Recommended,246580,16508379,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ON NAGU ON,"I bought The Typing of The Dead: Overkill during Steam Summer Sale 2015. I was originally quite hesitant to spending more than $5 on a game since I rarely do so. But I remembered how much fun I had in my friend's basement playing House of the Dead 2 on his Dreamcast. So I pulled the trigger and bought it.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥This game was more than what I expected from a game for this price (<$10).The humor, the gameplay that brings back memories, and the educational value that comes from The Typing of The Dead: Overkill makes this game, by far, the best purchase of 2015 for me.Am I hyping it? Probably.Nevertheless, if you have ever played House of the Dead 2 and enjoyed the game, I highly suggest playing this game.If you suck at typing, perhaps this game will make you a better typer as well."
,Recommended,246580,31066350,Posted: 10 April,all,Wolf3D.exe,"A hilarious typing game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot, intentionally exaggerated stereotypes and a lot of fun.SEGA don't need to be serious."
,Recommended,246580,8742952,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MadTom,"This game will give you a very strong flavor of sex and violence, and you will love it, but try not to blow your keyboard up."
,Recommended,246580,8275494,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zaptross,"Stupid. Silly. Fun. Ridiculous. 80's. Thesecanbegin to describe Typing of the Dead, but do it no justice. 9/10, would recommend to all who can type well."
76561197989581647,Recommended,246580,10199820,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Fat-Bellied Graug,"I first put ""The Typing of the Dead: Overkill"" on my wishlist because I wanted to practice my typing - and, joy, I could kill zombies at the same time. I didn't expect the game to have much of a plot, but the inter-mission cutscenes and voice-overs during play surprised me with the ability to draw me in, have fun, and kick♥♥♥♥♥with an attitude.""The Typing of the Dead: Overkill"" is grossly funny, chock full of mother-bleeping swearing, squishy mutant giblets, blood splatters, and jokes that will make you laugh as much as they make you go, ""Eewwwww"". If SEGA and the rest of the designers of ""Typing of the Dead: Overkill"" wanted to make an expansion or a new member of the franchise, I would probably buy it, too.Oh, hey, and as a bonus, you get to play the game again in the original shooter-style arcade game ""The House of the Dead""."
,Recommended,246580,12430032,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,PINK✧OMEGA,"You dont move your own character, you dont aim, you just type and it shoots for you. Sounds super lame but trust me, it's really fun. It's worth the $20 I paid for it, would have rather gotten it for $15 but it's cool"
,Recommended,246580,15414471,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,TuanMuda,one of my best typing games ever!
,Recommended,246580,8467269,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Denim Specialist,Supr fun garm. Zombys r very scurry and teh story is so awefull it good. Tho I dunt know y i m so bed at ti.
,Recommended,246580,8170097,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,METAL-SLUG,Become a true Keyboard Warrior!It includes both the Typing(Keyboard) & House(Mouse) of the dead modes.It worth getting as it's a good game and it's the only one of it's kind on Steam.
,Not Recommended,246580,11011269,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,dueter,"Overall I'm pretty disappointed with this game, comparing it to the original Typing of the Dead.There are many graphical and audio glitches that occur throughout the game, and the lack of settings is also disappointing. Game is locked to a 16:9 aspect ratio and you can't change the resolution to another aspect ratio, so I have to play in windowed mode at a very low resolution so that nothing is cut off.Gameplay is alright, but nothing special. Would have been better if there was more variety in the weapons or less predicatble boss battles. Oh, and the final boss is completely out of line with the rest of the game, really weird mechanic for defeating it. I kind of get what they were trying to do but they executed it very poorly.Characters are annoying as hell, the dialogue makes my ears bleed. The story was written by a fourth grader for his first english class assignment, and character development is non existent. I didn't buy this game for an in depth story, but just an FYI that there is none.The mini games are fun for a couple minutes, there is one where you fight wave by wave, which is kind of what I was hoping for to be honest.Would not recommend this game at full price of $20, no way. Maybe if it goes on sale for $5 you should pick it up. You're better off playing the original Typing of the Dead instead, maybe one day they'll bring that to Steam."
,Recommended,246580,10364716,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Void Chi,"Don't pay any attention to the story..It's supposed to be a b-movie parody but it just wasn't funny...Other than that it's kinda awesome!  The typing mechanic is very unique and fun.  The original ""House of the Dead"" is included, along with the director's cut version."
76561198004119285,Recommended,246580,8737070,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,A Smug Goblin,"If you like fast, and I love fast, then consider buying this video game. You can type and kill zambambinos which is cool, and the main character is a huge cool guy. Step up your typing game."
76561198137090181,Recommended,246580,14844239,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Slappy Tuna,I beat the first level and wrote goth beat poetry. 18/18 because a scale of 10 doesnt feel accurate enough.
76561198015729425,Recommended,246580,14818666,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,based potato merchant,Tons of fun.
,Recommended,246580,13456453,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,England is my City,"The Typing of the Dead: ""bbufuu3buf"" ""brains"" ""fuwfhufhuf"""
,Not Recommended,246580,21246957,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,panic,w
76561197990406921,Recommended,246580,15066206,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,"fun gameplay, not much replayability..."
,Recommended,246580,8076191,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,[S] Bitlord,Typing of the Dead is a parody of House of the Dead arcade shooter games and B horror films. Its combination of absurdity and extremely unique gameplay makes for an extremely fun and hillarious experience. (And you may also become a faster typest in the process)
,Recommended,246580,28238162,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing.
,Recommended,246580,16446098,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,MEGATRUCK,"Typing of the Dead is completely nuts. Within a few minutes of playing you're presented with a story and visuals in the style of a hilariously bad B-movie, with dialogue that is just so utterly ridiculous you can't help but laugh. And if that wasn't all, some of the words and phrases you get to type are just hilarious on their own (which means it's highly recommended to get the DLC packs, especially the ones with the dirty bits).The most hilarious bit though is that the only gripe I have with the game (aside from some loading times that could be better) is that the plain ol' House of the Dead is in here. And playing House of the Dead is a little bit... boring. On PC, all you do in House of the Dead is point and click. It makes you realize that Typing of the Dead is a much better fit for PC.Typing of the Dead is a surprisingly entertaining game, it's surprisingly funny as well, and yes, it is *technically* educational. It's a win-win-win."
76561198115497313,Recommended,246580,14828890,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Funhouse,"get it on sale! i got it for $6 with all the DLC included!!!!!!!!!!!! includes small minigames, regular typing of the dead, and also typing of the dead without the typing but with mouse aiming. the game runs smooth and the graphics are ok, the effects are good. the only bad thing is it doesnt have 1366x768 resolution and some other popular ones, i dont think you can edit it in any files :(for $6 it was worth it."
,Not Recommended,246580,11753226,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Ping the pirate hobo [:],"Literally *all* the development team had to do was generate a stable port of house of the dead to work in windows 7/8  from a windows xp version. People would actually be glad to pay for that.This....I actually have never been so put off by people putting in genuine effort.I have a feeling there was some pressure to include newer and updated art assets from the ""overkill"" remake, but at the very least the original game could be included. Surely sega still has rights to the Dreamcast version of Typing of the dead? Why not just include a patched version that installs easily in windows 7/8 environment ? Hell, it could be included as an easter egg."
,Not Recommended,246580,23981849,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,夢想毀滅者,"If you're going to buy this just for the co-op, don't.You can't hear your partner shoot, you can't see your partner's ammo go down or can't see if he's reloading.It crashes mid level, and I have a pretty good machine.It's poorly optimized and you're gonna spend most of the time figuring out how to start this thing.Just don't."
,Recommended,246580,7521289,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Freyar,"The Typing of the Dead: Overkill is silly. It's over the top, violent, and foul-mouthed, much like the game it's based off of. No doubt a result of the cult-favorite The Typing of the Dead which was based on The House of the Dead 2 way back when the Dreamcast was out, Typing of the Dead: Overkill tries hard to imitate that earlier successes with varying degrees.While the first in The ""TotD"" series was a lot less extreme in violence, this one is over-the-top. I would easily call this satire on old Grindhouse films (mind you, I don't believe I've ever seen one myself), with an old film effect, grainy music and old tracks and the ""it's funny because we keep mentioning it"" suggestive lines and swearing. Normally this kind of thing isn't something that I can get into, but after simply letting it be what it is, I found myself getting accustomed to the flow of how the characters interacted.Sadly, the game is a pretty ""poor port"". With resolutions locked at 16:9 with absolutely no letterboxing or aspect ratio correction for non-16:9 resolutions, a lot of people may have no choice but to play in windowed mode. Sadly, this also means the game only supports up to 1920x1080 and even then it appears like the internal render doesn't support anything but 720p in the first place which marrs the experience.With all this said, it's a bit important to remember the original Typing of the Dead didn't have much in the way of options either. It locked people at 1024x768 (or was it 640x480?) and stayed at 4:3 due to it's source material, so while in this day and age it's reasonable to expect The Typing of the Dead: Overkill to make those changes, it's still very much of the same vein of the first entry in the series.The game comes along with the original release, ""The House of the Dead: Overkill"" as well. The problem is that with what appears to be some form of vsync forced on, mouse input isn't as responsive as I'd like which results in a lot of missed shots. This means that it is extremely difficult to hit anything, and has really made me just want to stick to the typing side of things.On the typing side of things, the game does seem to lack some of what made the first in the series as useful as it was. The first Typing of the Dead offered not only the entire House of the Dead 2 experience, it offered tutors to practice weak-points, as well as structured practice which leant itself well towards being a legitimate typing tutor. The Typing of the Dead: Overkill does seem to have three mini-games that try to emulate this, but without the strong focus on practicing specific typing skills.There also seems to be a lack of a dynamic difficulty setting. In The Typing of the Dead, the game would adjust difficulty based on your performance. Routinely get A's with each word or phrase? You'll start seeing bigger words, phrases and even special puncutation to try and throw you for a loop, meaning you got better practice as you went along.  In The Typing of the Dead: Overkill, there is no such thing as dynamic difficulty which means as soon as you beat the installed dictionary, there's not much to improve. This is likely a decision they made based on having leaderboards which is used to compare your score to others around the world.The Typing of the Dead: Overkill isn't terrible, but it isn't great at the same time. If you enjoyed the first one, and want a similar experience, this is a good option. If you're just curious, I'd recommend waiting for a sale first since at it's core it isn't a ""good game"", but an interesting and fairly unique experience."
,Recommended,246580,7512753,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Matt,Best game on steam.
,Not Recommended,246580,23918006,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Harmless Hawk,"The game is badly ported, and refuses to run on a good deal of computers (check the community discussion for proof). This has been an issue for since the game came out (or so it seems), and Sega has not actually bothered to fix it.Therefore, while the game seems fun, you may end having to refund it, due to lack of playability."
,Recommended,246580,7760292,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Terak,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhL-2aFUSwI
,Recommended,246580,11039200,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Meow,Ultimate typing training simulator! If a zombie apocalypse occurs and I can use a keyboard as a weapon I will be so prepared!
,Recommended,246580,33143479,Posted: 2 July,all,TSRVTC Thomas5020,"A quality game. Quite hard even if you can type fast as you have to read the word correctly first and then type if correctly, much harder than it looks."
,Recommended,246580,7577554,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,NERO™,"От разработчиков рельсового шутера The House of Dead 1-3 части на PC.Не ожидал. что Sega изволит дать нам поиграть в современный рельсовый шутер.Помимо того имеются режимы игры, например, The Typing of The Dead: Overkill.Это режим для клавы: печатать, чтобы выжить.The House of Dead: Overkill этот режим представляется вот так: просто прицеливаемся и стреляем. ВСЁ !!!Музыка динамичная, весёлая, заряжает ЭМОЦИЯМИ.Имеется Surprise ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!Персонажи очень динамичные и весёлые.Боссы имеют свой истинный почерк, как в стиле Sega."
76561197983082568,Recommended,246580,10206608,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Blue64,This is hilarious - I thought I was good at typing.... guess I will have to play more The Typing of The Dead: Overkill....You deserve this game.... add too Cart ; )
,Recommended,246580,21803301,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mr. Kitty Cat Claws,Test your typing skills with this over the top story that gets funnier and more rediculous with every level.
,Not Recommended,246580,21799978,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Tokoloco,Why is it not opening on win 10 ? it just says preparing to launch then closes. I really wanted to improve my typing in a fun way but this wont even open. Please fix !!
,Recommended,246580,20493091,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,actuallyisriny,Jackie Chan and Chris Rock look different
,Recommended,246580,23108780,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Your Wife's 大嫌いest Son,"You type stuff and your character shoots zombiesthere's a plot but it's really gross(Was funny when the game self-analyzed itself at the end)pretty short but lots of difficulty modes and you can upload your own decksif you have trouble typing, get this."
76561197983225082,Recommended,246580,8154874,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,baddog993,I first played this game on the Wii version with my brother and we had a short blast playing this. Over the top swearing and violence was crazy. However it was a short game after we finished it on the wii. Now we have the newer addition with not one game but two games for the price of one. Typing of the dead overkill and Overkill with directors cut and the DLC that came with the newere game. Bonus! The graphics look old because the game is old however gameplay and over the top swearing are still here and still funny. Online co op is here and the game does have bonus goodies to unlock. Great fun.
,Recommended,246580,8723757,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Judge Dredd The Techno Viking,"Not only is it a great game with lot of replayability, it suits pretty much everyone. Great typing practice, and makes a great gift for those nerds that sit around on their computer all day long."
,Not Recommended,246580,29950843,Posted: 15 February,all,Accel,"I love this game, wish it would actually launch so I could play it."
76561198051642676,Not Recommended,246580,30039836,Posted: 19 February,all,RakishLass,"I would love to be able to say something good about this game, but it would never run without crashing, and now it won't install at all. Massive disappointment."
76561198107220435,Recommended,246580,20261354,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Noodle Sensei,"Very funny and addictive on the rails typer/shooter.Plenty of fun hoursHelps improve your typing speed!An awesome sequel/remake to a quirky Dreamcast titlePlus, the game comes with House of the Dead Overkill!I reccomend this to anyone looking for a good rail shooter/typer"
76561198007333451,Not Recommended,246580,15695297,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Warlordnipple,"Game could have been fun, except for the tons of glitches and ctds"
,Recommended,246580,12957606,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,☯ Halcyon ☯,type to kill zombies
76561197998261417,Not Recommended,246580,24568839,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JGarm,"This crass swearfest in the grindhouse genre can't compare to the dry campy humor of Typing of the Dead for Dreamcast. I'd seen videos of Typing of the Dead Dreamcast and was intending to buy something similar to that when I purchased this. This is a disappointment. And the DLC collections are nothing more than Text FILES which do not come with shakespearean overtones and visuals like I was expecting. Overall, missed the mark in every way that mattered."
76561197960771531,Recommended,246580,23155336,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Lano,"I typed faster then my girlfriend, she got mad.. 10/10"
76561198056352442,Not Recommended,246580,34383794,Posted: 20 August,all,Bad_squirrel,"I have attempted to load this broken pile of zeros and ones on two different machines multiple times. With every attempt resulting in a black screen for a few seconds. Some how this game does not work at all I had to restart it just enough times to write this review. IT DOES NOT WORK! I wasted $20 on something I thought would be fun, to get me into typing faster, but instead got ripped off thank you brain-damaged-apes lacking in programming skills. Anyone who gave this a positive review is either lying or reviewed a previous version."
76561198069005906,Not Recommended,246580,18607433,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,NicrasiisGaming,games a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesnt work for windows 10 dont waist ur money on this garbage
,Recommended,246580,12743561,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,paranoid nendoroid,"This game is really, really good. You should get this game, even if you type slow and badly like myself. The incredibly cheesy (but somehow good) humor in the cutscenes alone makes this worth the purchase.The DLC is fantastic too. There's an explicit language DLC and a cheesy romantic lines DLC. God damn buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game already."
,Recommended,246580,33103315,Posted: 1 July,all,Gordon Cole,"You get to kill Zom... sorry, Mutants by typing words and phrases such as: ""STELLLLAAAA"", ""Red rum"", ""Victory Through Booze"", ""Clear your cache"", ""Green hill zone"" and ""Shenmue"". The game's perfect."
,Recommended,246580,12717980,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Sikaran,"Unexpectedly, the game DOES make you a better typer - especially when it comes to the symbols above the numbers (on a standard laptop keyboard).The story is intentionally campy but quite funny, and the type-to-kill gameplay is solid. The only part I didn't enjoy so much was the last boss fight, as it had you guessing for terms in what should have been a fast-paced fight.Also, getting this game also gives you access to the original shooter this was based on: House of The Dead: Overkill. Really good value."
,Recommended,246580,12719353,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,PEPE,Fun game with an over the top story line. A great time to be had.
76561197991113736,Recommended,246580,20019741,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Quat,"Fun, funny, and a good way to practice typing."
76561197985391735,Recommended,246580,19919582,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,[SIN] Ender Ther Xenocide,this game is awesome. its 70s grindhouse narration makes it worth it.
76561198041020327,Recommended,246580,12516093,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Jaduggar,"There isn't really much I can tell you about this game you shouldn't already know if youve looked at the front page. It's cheesy and violent, and it doesnt take itself seriously for a moment. I had a lot of fun playing it, and I think it's worth the price."
76561198068235640,Recommended,246580,12725875,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Freiherr Hermann,Do you want to be a better typer? Do it by killing zombies.
76561198148077702,Not Recommended,246580,11779437,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,tedmed321,"This game is an old favorite, but unfortunately it has not downloaded properly from Steam. They absolutely refuse to reimburse me the cost of the program as "" it is not company policy"".The product is not fit for purpose, and if I could be bothered, I would take Steam to court, but life is too short.Steer clear. Not recommended"
76561198086890779,Not Recommended,246580,11583626,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,tooks,"The game's unplayable for me. I got 2/3rds through it, and a boss fight never triggers for me. All he does is stare at me. Buy at your own risk, this game is completely unsupported by the developer."
,Not Recommended,246580,10649360,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DrewDoggg,"the 1st typing of the dead was a fun and addicting game. I saw this game on steam and got it imediatly, thinking that it would be a great game for me to practice my typing skills.after playing about 10 minutes of it, there was so much swearing, i couldn't stand it. I don't mind the odd cuss word here and there, but when every sentence the anouncers says has at least one bad word in it, it gets a little obnoxious."
,Recommended,246580,17816952,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Hyperchaotic,Just great. Original looking rail shooter with interesting mechanics and great idea.
76561198073452492,Not Recommended,246580,18844974,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,gabehare,"Doesn't even work. There are about 10 different discussions online about this game and the issues with it. Even if you do manage to get it to work, which I still haven't even after spending an hour following all the directions and different ways to get the game to work, it's a typing game. In other words, they want you to work your butt off, and spend your money so that you can play a glorified typing game. If you really want to know how many wpm you type, just go online and type on a wpm test. It's not as fun as a game, but it is infinitely more fun and less expensive then this stupid game. Also, the discussions that have been up are 2 years old. Which tells me that they don't even care to fix this game, and I hope the company responsible goes bankrupt for not listening to its consumers and fixing enormous problems with their games."
,Recommended,246580,10628334,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nef,"Once you get past the whole typing thing, you get to a point where you realize that there is no real story line, the graphics are aweful, and the controls are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ But once you really get over all that, it really is a good game."
76561198047731710,Recommended,246580,19297581,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,LilG,"Remember The House of The Dead typing game? Well this is the adult 18 rated version that's packed with plenty of profanity & gore.The story plays out like a parody of old grindhouse films, its amusing but the near constant f-bombs & other profanity gets a bit tiring after a while.The game will help you improve your typing skills while shooting mutants & grotesque bosses, its a bit short, finished it in an hour or so but the DLC dictionaries, rankings, co-op play & unlockable weapons,  will have you coming back for more typing antics with the odd couple Isaac Washington & Agent G.I'd recommend this game over Mavis Beacon."
,Recommended,246580,20497501,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,mr steal yo bitch,"Fun time waster, seems like in this once instead of the Evil Dead type feel they just went full comedy, feels liks im in a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥ horror movie.Not sure I agree with the 20 dollar price tag, definitely buy on sale, but its pretty fun and well made for what it is.7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,246580,11391740,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,thesoopwarrior,The game won't launch and forces the need to restart the computer upon launch.
,Not Recommended,246580,19667254,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Datarider,DOES NOT WORK WITH AMD CARDS AND WINDOWS 10AVOID. SEGA IS NOT SUPPORTING THIS GAME ANYMORE.
76561198016073513,Not Recommended,246580,21490998,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ThESuN15,"The thing is I couldn't even see the first page of the game. After I'd luanced the game it shown only a black screen, even I've try to reinstall, nothing changed. More information, the bottom of the game title still there after I try to move my cursor all around the screen the cursor change to a click icon, but the bottom didn't response anyways.PS. I use window 10"
,Recommended,246580,8545634,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Blow Pop,"10/10Would definitely recommend.And would definitely recommend the Shakespeare DLC.In all seriousness, I have all the DLC for this and I especially enjoy the Skakespeare DLC mostly because it makes me giggle. I love The House of the Dead series and currently hold one of the high scores on my friends arcade version of the first House of the Dead game. I also love typing games. So for me, this is the best of both worlds."
,Not Recommended,246580,20517989,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,burlapjack,"The voice acting is horrible, the plot is campy and the graphics are N64ish.  It beats the tar out of Mavis Beacon, but come on,  my eyes are hurting from all the rolls they have been doing.  I see that the developers were going for a Tarantino-style movie game, but I feel that the over-the-top vulgar language and prolonged gore scenes make this game  rather try-hardy for my taste."
,Recommended,246580,7761357,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Zm0o WOuld,Everything and more.  A punishing typing tutor that creates an entertaining urgency.  Loved every second of it.
,Recommended,246580,7919417,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dan,"Hilarious writing, great soundtrack, and really quite fun. Definitely recommend this, especially if you want to become a faster, more accurate typist."
,Recommended,246580,7986245,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Mugzippit,For learning to touchtype and showing off that you can this game is great! Its a shame they chose the worst house of the dead game as a basis.
76561197972903629,Recommended,246580,8126175,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Doomy Wiseau,"In this modernization of the best selling Playstation™ series, you will once again return to the ruinous netherworld of zombies, mutants, monsters, and other ne'erdowells that inhabit the titular house of the dead. You can shoot and loot as either the stoic Agent G or his wisecracking sidekick Isaiah Washington as they try to escape from the clutches of the vile Papa Caeser and his ""Palace of Pain."" A great grindhouse soundtrack, witty one liners, responsive lightgun action, and tremendous atmosphere made this a best selling game on the Wii when it debuted and the PC version gets even better with more levels, a unique coop multiplayer mode, and the ability to use typing to kill zombies instead of bullets. You'll laugh your butt off at the crude humor, snarky jokes, and cynical rib poking of classic grindhouse movies. Be warned though, this game is for mature gamers only and as such should not be played by children. The themes of murder, science gone horribly wrong, and jokes about incest and bodily functions in the game are not for the feint of heart. Nor is the violence level which quite frankly may upset some game players. This game is well worth every penny if you loved the old house of the dead games or if you are a newcomer to lightgun games."
,Recommended,246580,8085242,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Space Cowboy,Great way to improve your typing skills !This game combines humor and action in the perfect way.I can garnte that this game will improve your typing skills and you grammar :)
76561197984325558,Recommended,246580,15470951,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Bearcat,"This is the best ************* typing game I've ever ******* seen!  This is the ****!  If you don't enjoy this game so much you **** all over yourself, then you're just ****** up!"
,Recommended,246580,32977415,Posted: 29 June,all,LL Cool Jk,"if you're thinking of using @Grammarly,maybe try this instead.you human garbage, probably."
,Not Recommended,246580,26316053,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,trainman,"would be good, except that parts of some of the zombies are invisiblenot such a problem for typing of the dead, although it makes identifying which zombies are of more threat a little difficulthouse of the dead is basically impossible with invisible zombies, thoughapparently this problem has been around for years, sega don't give a ♥♥♥♥no apparent fix, broken game isn't worth it even if it is on sale"
,Not Recommended,246580,14833645,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,petrograde,"This game has everything in place to be really good... and really whifs on the delivery. Typing to kill zombies is still great, just as much as it was in the original Typing of the Dead, but basically everything else except the typing sucks here. The music is terrible, none of the characters are likeable, the dialogue is incredibly bad in that ""oh boy isn't this so corny and therefore funny?"" way, the models often aren't loaded in time and you will get headless untextured zombies running at you.Overall not bad for a low price if you mute the music and dialoge, but so perplexing as to how they managed to screw this up from the previous game.If this concept intrigues you I would really check out the first Typing of the Dead. It's a lot better than this."
76561198131349131,Not Recommended,246580,14523906,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Spoogle,You are better off taking $20 worth of quarters and driving to your nearest arcade and playing the zombie game from 2002. This is literally a rejected arcade game with typing for guns.
76561197965046644,Recommended,246580,13846871,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DarkSnakeSoul,"A classic. Typing of the dead is awesome for those wanting1. Learn how to type...I'm serious put this baby on hardcore and it will make you type as fast as you can or you will be eaten a live2. Play some cheesy house of the dead style humor , story and gameplay3. Enjoy typing together with a friend (yes it has coop)4. Hate typing? Don't worry it has the ability to swtich back to the classic with mouse and keyboard support5. It's something just fun to play with now and then.The only issue I had with the game is a few random crashes (mostly at the hospital level which is rather strange) and certain enemies do get quiet annoying (these are quick time event enemies which show the same kill sequence sort of...some of which is rather strange)It's worth getting it during a sale that why you can also get the dlc which expands on the story and other missions to play around with. Just watch out online is sort of empty at times so check the forums and setup some meet and greet if you wish to play online with someone"
,Recommended,246580,17036865,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,The Real Dogménez,"The next installment of the Mavis Beacon saga takes a dark turn. Overall a high quality sequel but I am still confused as to why they dropped the intersting plot elements concerning the strife between the Reptile Cartel and Insect Syndicate brought up in the ""Chameleon Picnic"" level. Sadly I think this is on the publisher's part in an attempt to avoid controversy."
76561198034329238,Recommended,246580,10226432,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,claymore,One hell of a motherf#@king ride.
,Not Recommended,246580,18215414,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,hotmatrixx,"It's definitley a Love/Hate thing.Remembering that I first played this game with a lightgun, in an arcade, with unlimited credits..... Thanks uncle!What actually ramps up the difficulty in this game is the camera is always shifting around. In an FPS, you control the action. In this, it decides where you look and how long you do look, meaning that secrets and bonuses and ""mutants"" may only appear onscreen for 1/4 second, and you have no idea if you're going to come back to them.I didn't enjoy the typing part of this game - I run at around 25 wpm.What I did, and still do like is the over the top  cliche gore, stereotyping, and stripdancers. It's pretty kinda fun.But I guess I have a short attention span, coz I got sick of it and gave up after an hour or so. I didn't really enjoy it with a mouse/kb. But the game is solid (if you can get it to run at all), ove the top, and a bit nostalgic for me.I didn't really have that much fun. I don't really know why everyone raves about how awesome it is. It's vulgar, gimmicky, and doesn't do anything for me.Is there anything wrong witht he  game, not really. I just didn't like that way that it feels."
,Not Recommended,246580,16184437,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,WereKage,"Short-lived novelty. Great soundtrack, though."
,Not Recommended,246580,15683144,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,doomleika,"It's hard not to notice that this is rather a lousy port of Wii title ""The House of the Dead: Overkill"". Slap a bad designed type mechanic on it, and you get whet we have here: The House of the Dead: Overkill.It lacks fine-tuned pacing like many good game out there, you will found yourself bored in front of keyboard waiting the boss finish lengthy animation so you can finally type single ""x"".The thing is, I am not against some retrofitted game, as long as they provide quality. This game offers none."
,Recommended,246580,8107330,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,PlayCritically,"Don't be mistaken, this is a typing GAME, not a typing tutor. If you want to learn how to type, you're better off with a more traditional typing program. But if you already know how to type, and you don't mind that this game isn't much of a stickler for things like capital letters, you'll have a lot of fun here. The presentation of the game is great, with psychedelic loading screens and Grindhouse-quality ""cinematography"". It also has, inexplicably, one of the best soundtracks in recent memory."
,Recommended,246580,11456602,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Selth Blackwings,well that's different alright
,Recommended,246580,26030372,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Aviya,"Such a cool mix of genres - a typing horror game? DELIGHTFUL! The story is over-the-top and often pretty raunchy, but this game is unlike anything else out there. It's a blasty blast, give it a try!9/10You can watch my playthrough here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlG3hjznn9c"
76561198023454566,Recommended,246580,22138733,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,DrGoo,It's ♥♥♥♥ing good!...  for a Sega game....
,Not Recommended,246580,18365230,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Tannix,"Want a frustrating, buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Look no further!"
,Recommended,246580,14999212,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Goofcat,"Corny as hell (by design, don't worry), but also really enjoyable. I really enjoy it."
76561198120398414,Recommended,246580,23441071,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,OneHoffAKind,thought me how to type without looking at a keyboard.
76561198067536017,Recommended,246580,10891583,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Queen Bae,I <3 KNOWING MY FINGERING ABILITY TRANSLATES INTO GAMES WELL.
,Recommended,246580,15164209,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,PrettzL,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you know you want to be able to type 140 wpm.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you know how much ♥♥♥♥♥ you will get if you could satisfy just one keyboard?♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they aint no zombies, it's always mutants.Now shut the ♥♥♥♥ up and buy this mother♥♥♥♥in' game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,246580,15095556,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Artzverach,Motherf**ker
76561197987168548,Not Recommended,246580,14889717,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,thermite187,Not too impressed. A pretty sad attempt at humor.
,Not Recommended,246580,16435480,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,morzinbo,"Poorly, poorly optimized for AMD cards. I couldn't see half of the zombies."
76561198202604940,Recommended,246580,29557613,Posted: 28 January,all,Sparco1500,F'cking awesome. Gratious violance at its best.
76561198076841442,Not Recommended,246580,21681873,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Army of Lovers,"This game tries really hard to be a Tarantino movie, and it fails in every respect.  The game play is great but everything else about it is so grating, it makes you never want to play.  It's a shame because I actually want to learn how to type better, but damn is this thing annoying."
,Recommended,246580,22576848,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,2Joe,https://youtu.be/D1M5jU5SprUIt's pretty fun
76561197985248495,Recommended,246580,21986865,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Mateba,"I am terrible at writing english and when I have short time to do it I really suck but this was a fun game, but I will judge this game on its other mode House of the Dead: Overkill. When you get the crosshair and its just point and shoot, it felt a lot like a arcade machine game and I love those. The story is really weird and kinda bad but the stereo typical police guys, angry swearing black guy and everything after the book white guy was pretty funny at times.If you want a challenge with typing words to kill zombies...erh..I mean mutants, you can do that or you can run and gun like crazy, theres something for everyone here."
,Not Recommended,246580,34075643,Posted: 6 August,all,Charkles,"Does contain regular HOTD Overkill (Light Gun Shooter). However, as novel as the writing is, this game just does not feel right in both Typing and Shooting.-Typing does not give good enough feedback if you are typing correctly or incorrectly, forcing you to keep an eye on the screen.-Shooting feels delayed and much unlike a light gun game.-If shooting zombies, there is not a very clear ""this enemy is dead"" moment, as enemies' heads aren't guranteed to pop nor are visual signs of damage indicative of enemy alive or dead statusOf course, you won't find that out being that Nvidia graphics card just seem not to work with this game. While the game does run well on integrated graphics, the lack of disclaimer is a bit scummy.Finally, there is no option customization for either graphics (exception being gamma) or controls.For the light gun emulation, V-sync (or maybe even the engine) does not give good mouse control that is needed for a game like this (Mad Bullets seems to have this down).Cannot remap controls on the mouse/keyboard.I have not used a gamepad for this game (not sure why you would necessarily given the genre of both contained games), but they are supported. Unable to remap controls for controllers, with the exception of inverting the y-axis."
,Recommended,246580,32732193,Posted: 24 June,all,לולומין ダ الشعار 的 Солнца,This is probably the only way to get me to read.
,Recommended,246580,9140738,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Monsterberry,"A truly bizarre game where you type words and phrases to kill mutants (NOT zombies, the game makes this clear). It's basically a rapid speed Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing except with sleazy graphic violence, sexuality, and profanity. Typing is honestly one of my favorite things to do, so this is right up my alley.The final boss is the strangest final boss I've ever encountered. You have a high powered minigun that actually requires you to write stream of consciousness fiction based on certain topics from the game to fire. This is some real James Joyce Ulysses ♥♥♥♥. Wow.Highly recommended if you want something weird."
,Recommended,246580,22189659,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"I can reach 125 WPM, thanks to this game!"
76561197982581918,Recommended,246580,30498901,Posted: 13 March,all,Oztington,Cool typing game. Wish i had that game as school instead of Tap Touche. 9/10.
76561197994947653,Recommended,246580,22489491,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Major_TORMENT,"This is hilarious. I'm not sure if it's done much for my average typing skills, but it does make me chuckle a lot. The storyline is funny, the characters clichéd, the voice acting cringe-worthy (presumably on purpose), and the things you have to type range from funny to completely bizarre.Not sure if it's clear that I'm recommending this game. I am."
,Not Recommended,246580,26339636,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sir Alastor,"House of the Dead: Overkill was quite entertaining back in the days when I played it on Nintendo Wii. Unfortunately, I cannot say the same about this version of the game. Zombies would appear mostly invisible, so the experience boiled down to being attacked by floating heads and arms most of the time. I am disappointed, since I really wanted to improve my typing skills in a playful and amusing way, but where is the fun with a mess like that?"
,Recommended,246580,33223090,Posted: 4 July,all,TALIBANSOULJAH,if u are an elitist♥♥♥♥♥♥who like talken♥♥♥♥♥♥about grammer buy thsi game
,Recommended,246580,23753897,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,TheFlyingPenguin,"I play, close it, then play it  again.10/10 country music"
76561198030717039,Not Recommended,246580,17021563,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,plattmaster,Gore I can handle but alot of cussing. Don't buy for the kids.
76561197975341760,Recommended,246580,33004718,Posted: 29 June,all,Cool Chris,It is a good game for learning to type better.
,Recommended,246580,23920697,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nik,"If you can ignore the completely awful storyline, it's a great game to challenge your typing skills."
,Recommended,246580,23937414,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,feedmenoodles,This game is hilarious!
,Recommended,246580,23990406,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Necro Ambulate,"Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will blow zombies f""""""""""g heads off!"
,Recommended,246580,20552431,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Mario,I type 120 WPM and I love zombie games. Amazing. 10/10
76561197990144762,Recommended,246580,8074568,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,4TonHammer,"Awesome game, one of the best on Steam!"
,Recommended,246580,7760943,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Panzerklown,Really loved Typing of the Dead (original). This is fun and funny. I enjoyed playing it a lot. I would recommend for anyone that wishes to type more efficiently and wants a good/fun shooter.
,Recommended,246580,18883562,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Eevihl,"This game is buggy as hell, but it's mother♥♥♥♥ing great."
,Recommended,246580,18906755,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,John Madden,"Fun enough. Not sure about price, but guess worth it if bough on sale."
,Recommended,246580,20140646,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,slashno,"Fun gameplay, and becomes hilarious with the addition of the custom dictionaries from the Steam Workshop. Only major drawbacks are the terrible voice acting and the small quantity of levels. Still definitely worth a buy on sale though."
,Recommended,246580,8262989,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Arktos,"It's a typing game that slips in the word ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" every chance it gets. Really. I lost track of how many times in it was used in a few minutes. It's an in-your-face kind of typing game. That, and it's amusing rift on 80's B movies are its hooks. The typing is shallow. No lessons on finger placement, home-row, etc. Just type words fast to kill zombies.If you know how to type and want an excuse to get a bit faster, it's great. If you want to learn how to type, this will re-enforce bad habits.It is kinda fun. Though the overuse of the word ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" is like a nerdy kid trying way to hard to be cool."
,Not Recommended,246580,35254351,Posted: 27 September,all,Lv100 Magikarp,Game is okay and somewhat fun but leaving a negative review because achievement doesn't unlock when playing co-op mode and only bought this game to play with my friend.
,Recommended,246580,7523608,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Krokerik,A must have for every classroom
,Recommended,246580,8100522,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Zerrok,WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!
,Not Recommended,246580,12651498,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,tzumainn,I had lots of issues with The Typing of The Dead; my biggest one is that it did not require you totypespaces or punctuation marks this causedissues with my jobperformancea typing game mademe worse at typing at leasti can still haiku
,Not Recommended,246580,8778874,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,BEEEEEES,"Dear god it's awful. I was hoping for the laugh-inducing dialog of the first, but this is trying far too hard to be offensive. Absolutely juvenile."
,Recommended,246580,7516549,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,BridgetFisher,"This game is a direct port it seems of the wii-u version House of the Dead overkill, now with typing.  Using the controller in regular shooting mode is a lost cause, the sensitivity is crazy and the changing angles dont help at all.  Using a mouse is well boring, that part is better played on wiiu.  The typing is only ok, when there is dialog but your typing you cant hear the audio queue if your typing correctly which is annoying.  its ok but the WiiU version is way way better just get that.Rating:  5/10  Value:  4.99"
,Not Recommended,246580,20316756,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,phoebe,The game is slowNothing exciting happensIt isn't remotely challenging on hard if you're a decent typistThe writing is awful in a not fun waySame goes for the voice actingIt looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥The music ♥♥♥♥ing sucks and never fits the locationThey slapped typing of the dead controls onto an already terrible house of the dead without changing anything.The original typing of the dead is infinitely better than this trash.
,Not Recommended,246580,18816960,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mister Boss,"If you have Windows 10, don't buy this. It won't work."
,Not Recommended,246580,24523426,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,mitch2161998,"will not even launch, spent around 35 mins trying to fix it using various measures and nothing works going to uninstall and will most likely never touch this game again. all this is very weird as it used to work."
,Not Recommended,246580,26325769,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,butchthedemon02,"this game has kept crashing on me, and  I have an asus rog with a i7, 8gb of ram, and a gtx 960m. With the past reviews ive seen this game does not work and needs a patch asap. going to attempt to refund as soon as possible,"
,Recommended,246580,20476690,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Tonkinese,"Pretty Damn fun lots of new content and different modes a nice spin and good sequal to the original ""typing of the dead"""
,Not Recommended,246580,29681081,Posted: 3 February,all,Dalek:.,"While this game is initially fun at first, it becomes boring very quickly with characters that unnecessarily curse too much. Not in the sense that I'm offended, but that my ears are exhausted because it feels as if a curse word HAS to be in almost every line of dialogue to entertain that 12 year old."
76561198047702228,Not Recommended,246580,15737970,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Scuba_Steve,Can't play this is a virtual machine due to SEGA's draconian DRM. I purchased this on Steam yet I am the one getting punished. Emailed SEGA but they stand by their policy. They can shove it!Great game though.
76561197987070734,Not Recommended,246580,12125020,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Grove of Dreams,"Only enjoyable if you already have considerable typing skill.  It's really not an ""educational"" program, and the storyline is disasterously trope-y and ""B-grade horror flick"" inspired."
,Not Recommended,246580,11614176,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Hans3L_G Q-['-'Q],"+ This game brings back the gameplay of original TOD in HD and in all-new stories+ Practices your typing speed throughout the game- Lacks of challenges (Scoring not as good as original TOD, no rank display after killing each zombie, leaderboard rankings easily cheated, no more drill mode like original TOD)- Lacks of content (Short story-mode, lacks of other modes that were available in original TOD)- Noticable bugs (gameplay bugs, graphical bugs)- Poor Storyline and Dialogue- Less fun gameplay compared to original TOD (Pressing TAB to collect colelctibles??)- House of the Dead: Overkill feels really boring either"
76561198035890110,Recommended,246580,15099829,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Toofan,"Oh my God... Buy this game.. Its Quentin Tarantino meets that old boring typing game you had going to kids school.. its amazing.. the music is awesome, the story is awesome, voice acting awesome, the game is awesome.. just buy.."
,Recommended,246580,17782258,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Kip,"I sho--er, typed every single one of those zomb--er, mutants dead with my infinite-ammo gu--er, keyboard, <insert gratuitous, offensive vulgarity here>!"
76561197998887299,Recommended,246580,12939597,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Sniblet,3.9/5
,Not Recommended,246580,12819953,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,EGGBABY™,"I bought this game when it was on sale around Halloween. The graphics are a  bit choppy and the audio doesn't fit too well either. Yes it's an okay game, but I'm still disappointed. I beat it in around 2 hours and I stayed a bit longer to retry a level and to play the minigames. Not really worth your money if you pay the full price. I'd rather have more storyline/maps/levels than have different difficulty settings so I can keep playing instead of replaying."
76561197971728467,Not Recommended,246580,14745521,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ketchaval,"I'll stick to Disney's Typing Adventure which does not include deliberately offensive phrases including insults towards the disabled in its vocabulary. I prefer the original Typing of the Dead because they weren't trying so hard to be un-PC. I do like the HOTD typing games, but if constant swearing and the aforementioned type of insults aren't your thing then best avoided. Although you can replace the vocab with the DLC vocab ie football related vocab / Shakespeare etc if you have purchased this.Whilst the grindhouse theme is well done, it overdoes it. I hope that they continue this series but make a more toned down one (in terms of what you type)."
76561198083485985,Not Recommended,246580,13053277,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Kawaii-Guinea,"Too arcade style for my style, I thought it would be different."
,Recommended,246580,12676534,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Tak,"Yes, just...yes!Pointless, mindless shooting without all the pretense. Basically, this is a good version of Modern Military Shooter, just swap in Taliban/Russians/Spacerobots for zombies, and drop all illusion that you have any choice in where to go, how enemies spawn and react, or that you aren't a complete badass.Get this game, blow up zombies, have a goregasm or two.Oh and you can type, too, if that's your thing."
,Recommended,246580,17733717,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"fun little typing tutor... Not a great game per se,  but i have been enjoying it for getting used to my new logitech g710,the soundtrack is ok but the cutscenes and the voice acting are a bit silly. no need for f bombs every 4 seconds in dialogue. But its worth playing if youre switching keyboards and need a finger warmup."
,Recommended,246580,10276544,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"So, it was not really clear to me what kind of game this was. But yes, it is a game where you kill zombies by......TYPING on your keyboard stuff that comes on the screen. If you are familiar with the house of the dead series (ever been to some arcade game center?), this is just as fun, with grindhouse style, funny dialogues etc. On pc is almost impossible to properly have a peripheral that simulates a gun (on PS you have PS move, on wii the wiimote...), so they chose they keyboard as a shooting device. It's LOTS of fun. I have a mechanical keyboard (Razer Blackwidow latest version) and it just looks like you're machine-gun-shooting letters in the face of the enemies. If you are a fast typer you will really enjoy the challenge. If you are a slow typer, you will enjoy it too, just will die more :DAlso reading the words that come on screen is fun because they may make you laugh from time to time. Funny stuff.On the downside, the normal 'house of the dead' which is required anyway if you want to get all achievements, is boring as hell....shooting stuff with a mouse watching the cursor is not really entertaining......Only CONS:- they released different vocabularies (check the DLCs).....but each vocabulary is sold separately and is not very cheap. They should have released all the dictionaries in the normal release of the game, without limiting to one or two dictionnaries.- the game renders at 720p whatever resolution you choose. Menus will look fine but the game engine output stays at 720p.78/100 The Typing of the Dead45/100 The House of the Dead (played with a mouse)"
76561198032164748,Recommended,246580,18195269,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,learned to finger type with this ...up to 30WPM! You can also play with a controller if you float that way.
,Not Recommended,246580,16970098,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,bbTinyNugget,doesnt work. tried downloading it multiple times and even tried turning off the mcafee real-time scan.
76561197968224769,Not Recommended,246580,18699984,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Jiffylush,"I helped my sister-in-law learn to type with the original Typing of the Dead when she was a teenager.  I bought this so I could do the same thing with my kids (12 and 13) but I can't because this game is over the top with pointless profanity, misogyny, and gore.It's probably rated M and is my fault for not checking that and assuming it would be in some way related to the original.What is the target audience here?  It seems that people old enough for this to be appropriate would already know how to type in this day and age."
,Recommended,246580,16584160,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,DemonicBrit,"First of all, this game (Albeit it can be visually glitchy at times)is a dramatic upgrade over any other version of House of The Dead: Overkill, and seeing as you get both the typing and shooting variations of this game rolled into one, I'd say that's a good deal.Now to my opinions, this game has an okay story for HoTD's standards with its cliché's and characters all being represented fairly well. Additionally the designs are just as you would expect from a HoTD game if not surpassing them in a positive way with the overal graphical designs and the boss designs to boot. The gameplay itself works out well, the typing is as responsive as your keyboard is and the mouse-aim shooting version plays just as well.Also, the addition of Steam Workshop for fan-made dictionaries was a good move, but somewhat questionable given how we're offered dictionaries we have to pay for, that can be more than easily duplicated for free in the workshop? Not like I'm complaining, I still bought them to be supportive, that and I find Shakespearean language quite, interesting.All in all, if you want a fun typing game, a typing enhancment tutor, or an on rail zombie shooter, Typing of The Dead: Overkill is a great choice."
,Recommended,246580,14158230,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,"Ritsuko Akizuki, Queen of Games",Dermatologists hate me!My fingers got ripped in two weeks thanks to Typing of the Dead!Buy this game to find out my secret!
76561198031239270,Recommended,246580,20518109,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Crazed1867,"My mom always told me to use my words rather than force. Never knew what she meant until now. The Typing of the dead is a simple game to learn but a hard one to master. It’s a coastar shooter that replaces the gun with the power of words! Instead of clicking them to death what you actually do now is type the words that show up on the screen. It is rather intense to frantically type a word coming up as a zombie is trying to maw your arm off. I will say the worst part is when a zombie throws something at you when you are trying to type because you cannot actually counter that while you are in the middle of typing a word. That’s really it for the gameplay, the story on the other tells the tragic story of a sister coping with the loss of her brother through the power of friendship. That’s also it for the story as well. So if you’re looking for a perfect simulation of my fighting style (saying a big word at them before cowering in the corner) then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,246580,18780963,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,pixar900,"I have played this game on the Wii (yes, the game with the second most amount of swears in a video game is on the wii) and I can safely say this game is great, and looks great, and feels great. It attempts to recreate a cheesy 70's film, and it does it immensely well.I do have 2 problems with it though, only minor.a) The original typing of the dead could be played by all ages, because it had no swears and the zombies weren't scary.. This game, however is the complete opposite. I can't even describe the amount of adult content in this game, which is a shame, because this is a very effective way to teach typing by giving them a fun game to play while teaching real skills.b) They don't have dreamcasts, dreamcast keyboards, or oversized batteries on the characters, which is the worst thing ever.Pick it up during a sale, ignore the DLC because it doesn't seem worth it in my eyes."
,Recommended,246580,21156823,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Holy smokes, b quality horror movie, meets tap touche, endless amount of fun ! You also get the aim and click version."
,Not Recommended,246580,15605068,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,RageSteel,"devs - can I play this game w/o crude constant language?????--little hint for your next game, saying the f word over and over isn't cool, funny, hip, nor appealing.uninstalled"
76561198069671650,Not Recommended,246580,8352876,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cucumbas,"I will admit this game has a lot of potential, but with the over-the-top dialogue and cheesy voice acting, i just cant stand it. It's emberassing to be seen playing it haha. but seriously, i would not recommend this game. at all.The only bearable thing about it is 'endless mode', which gets boring after like 10 minutes."
,Not Recommended,246580,24037073,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Nikandros,I found it to be kind of boring.
,Not Recommended,246580,33777417,Posted: 24 July,all,Darmok,"The mechanic (type to shoot) is unique, and fun for a little bit, but grows old after a few levels.The dialogue and plot feel like they were written by a 12 year old boy."
76561198089378709,Not Recommended,246580,12847723,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,ShepherdsWake,"The premise of the game had me intrigued for sure and I actually enjoyed playing the game other than one part. The constant swearing. An apparent ""educational"" game that should help with your word skills and there is not a minute that goes by that a character is not dropping a four letter word. I would like to see a setting that might turn the constant foul language off. I don't mind a few cuss words in the games I play, I guess, but this was just too much. It may not bother you though, so this may not be helpul."
,Not Recommended,246580,12806539,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,sync54,this game is mediocre
,Not Recommended,246580,8708954,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,p-jazzle,Good gamne ruined with a lame typing gimmick. Tedious nonsense.
76561198023049455,Not Recommended,246580,28581909,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Yusufu,"The gameplay is good, but the story is disgusting to watch. I had to skip the scenes."
,Not Recommended,246580,15102176,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,hitt.william,"This game is neat for what it is, a game to help you practice typing and to use already acquired skill.  However, the purposefully cheesy script and story are just so incredibly awful.  I tried to appreciate the tongue-in-cheek nature of the dialogue, but I literally felt as though playing the game was subtracting IQ points."
,Recommended,246580,15615337,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with typing
76561198108774777,Recommended,246580,15085432,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Korva,"I don't even ♥♥♥♥ing know, and I'm on mission 3."
76561198065534670,Recommended,246580,31208393,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,Overkill
,Recommended,246580,17810494,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"A non-biased quick look @ the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVIU8tg4bvsTyping of the dead: Overkill fuses the horror and comedy of the legendary House of the Dead series with unique typing mechanics in order to deliver a truly original gaming experience!This gruesome shooter puts you in the middle of a mutant outbreak in Bayou county. Blast pieces out of the zombie horde across 9 stages, one keystroke at a time, in order to save you and a friends life as you work to uncover the mystery behind the outbreak.  - Highly Recommended!"
76561198084935483,Recommended,246580,24788295,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,The commentary in this game is priceless. Great game - can't believe I waited this long to play it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6cTAY_P_qk
,Recommended,246580,12169515,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SkySatan,"Typing of the Dead: Overkill is a typing/rail shooter game, where you type phrases as quickly as possible to kill zombies. I've always kind of enjoyed typing games, and while I don't think this game has much merit in teaching you how to type properly, it's a fun game with an interesting sense of humor.There's not too much to talk about with the gameplay. You type as quickly as possible, using Tab to pick up secrets and power-ups. What's more interesting to discuss with this game is how it's presented: as an old, low-budget horror movie. It tries very hard to be as cheesy as possible. Sometimes the phrases you type relate to the level you're playing, which gets pretty funny in the strip club level. This game is a bit lewd at times, and the swearing is excessive... not saying that's a bad thing, but it's something you should know going in to it.Typing of the Dead: Overkill also includes House of the Dead: Overkill. The story is the same, but you play a standard rail shooter with normal controls instead of typing. I like switching between the two, just to change things up. House of the Dead is a little older, but as far as I know, this the only way to play the game on PC.If a rail shooter or typing game sounds fun to you, then this would be a good game to pick up. There's a lot of content in this game, I don't think you'll be disappointed. Rail shooters and typing games aren't for everyone, and this game probably won't win you over to the genre (unless the movie aesthetic really appeals to you, I guess), but I've had a lot of fun with it so far, and I plan to keep playing it for a little while"
,Not Recommended,246580,26341777,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Massaki,"This game is broken and doesn't start, do not buy."
,Not Recommended,246580,29933992,Posted: 14 February,all,A Rad & Cool Dog,"Simply not a good game. Bored immediatley. Some zombies are invisible. Buggy. Terrible graphics. I mean, it's typing gameplay, but it's just not in a good package."
,Recommended,246580,7520563,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,"This game owns. You know why? TYPING. Typing. You type. It's fun to type. More typing games like this need to come out.Edit: I wanted to type some more because I love freaking typing, which is why this game owns.. but you know what else owns? Typing ""kill hitler's balls"" in the game."
,Not Recommended,246580,8754878,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ki11iansf00,Nothing like the original Dreamcast port. Just a plain shooter changed to a typing game. Boring.
,Not Recommended,246580,28173229,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,HumanPersonMan,"I played it when I first got it, and it was great. But I recently reinstalled it to have some more zombie typing action and it get stucks in a load loop. Don't waste your money until they fix it (if they ever do)."
,Not Recommended,246580,29841114,Posted: 10 February,all,BloodxCrysis542,sadly cant recommend it thare is no tutorial.  Its good for honing tho
,Not Recommended,246580,26651369,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,NightFall,"Seems like would be a really fun game...... Too bad it doesn't work.I got in contact with Sega Support and they walked me through a bunch of steps to take and then they pretty much said there was nothing to be done at this point in time. So, I'm left with a game that is unplayable. I do not reccomend until this is fixed."
76561198058964967,Not Recommended,246580,29389588,Posted: 20 January,all,DrJackBlack,"Broken. Waste of money.The devs don't seem to care. Haven't been able to launch the game since I bought it. Thought the devs would fix the problem when they posted it in their forums, but still broken.Don't bother with this until it's fixed. Else wise you're just wasting money."
,Not Recommended,246580,8108288,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,SpeedSter,"Fun if you can type decently. Probably will help you type faster if you know the proper finger placement. Doesn't run at 1980x1080 even if set to that, scales from 720p. Feels like a really long movie trailer. Strays far from the original. I wouldn't recommend even if you liked the original, there are flash games that can get the job done better."
,Not Recommended,246580,7901855,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Janzu,"This isn't house of the dead. Overkill is literally.... Well overkill. I've always enjoyed HotD games, their story and gameplay was great. Original TotD was awesome aswell. When I saw new TotD released it was instabuy... Unfortunately the story's gone nuts. All that's left is loads of ""♥♥♥♥s and♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; to keep agerestriction at Mature. If you think this game as new House of the dead, don't buy it, you'll be disappointed. All that's left of HotD is Agent G. Gameplay is ok but without decent story to back it off it gets boring after a while."
76561198089673395,Not Recommended,246580,7784382,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,LennartB,"its a game where you just do typing, nothing else. you can't walk, you can only kill a zombie when you typed the whole word. its like a movie, and in oder to watch the movie you must kill al zombies. this game is boring and if you don't want to practice your typing skills, don't buy it. i myself regret that i bought the game."
,Not Recommended,246580,26371744,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Free 2 Buy,0/10 Won't start.  ♥♥♥♥ you and your bull♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,246580,14856156,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ben,What the hell is this? Whoever wrote the storyline is more messed up than I am.
76561197983841066,Not Recommended,246580,35091231,Posted: 20 September,all,Hoarse,Game is broken and goes into infinite crash loop on startup. Do not buy.
76561197993723651,Not Recommended,246580,8081370,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,MechaDeath,"SO MUCH POTENTIAL, but falls on its face.Awesome update on the typing game concept and has a very humourous dictionary (and dictionary DLC funciton!) but its ruined by the fact that it still does not make proper usage/scoring of SPACEBAR and CAPITOL letters. This game appears to be made by people who don't type in English and aren't aware of how important capitolization and spaces are. The game is essentially useless in learning to type ACCURATELY, as you can just smash the keyboard, type without spaces, and never capitolize without penalty.Its obvious, but you should give players more options that allow them to customize how much accuracy they need; I want missed letters, spaces and capitol letters to count against the word (start over or backspace to fix). Also not every word needs to be capitolized... that's just silly and also not very useful.needs a big update to the accuracy/scoring to make it compelling."
,Not Recommended,246580,7870242,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Samuel,"Ugh, this game's so bad. It's a little better than House of the Dead: Overkill, but the voice acting, the story, the characters, the boss battles and the everything else.... Awful. I LIKED the gameplay mechanics, they seemed nice and all, but goddamn this is a bag game. Clench your wallets and say ""NO!"" to this bad puppy."
,Not Recommended,246580,21839601,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,"Fun game for the first few levels, after that it becomes average entertainment. Though, I like playing it off and on with my brand new Razor mechanical keyboard! Wish steam had a Neutral vote, instead of ( thumbs up / Thumbs down )"
,Not Recommended,246580,8584502,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,OutRageous,18$??? HELL NO!! Don't bye this f**** game for this price. The only thing that's cool is the idea to type and kill. Everything else in this game doesn't worth 18 dollars! I have only played the first chapter but is enough to make me cry for the amount of money that i spended!
76561197977534688,Not Recommended,246580,33103652,Posted: 1 July,all,Gideon513,No local multiplayer with multiple keyboards.  big deal breaker.
76561198346183633,Not Recommended,246580,32418471,Posted: 14 June,all,Sk1llz x ThOrN,i cant open the app
76561198331719044,Not Recommended,246580,26075730,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,UhhSkill,Game didn't start. just kept getting error code 41...
,Not Recommended,246580,23452271,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,toemoore,"I was psyched to play a new Typing of the Dead, but ultimately I had to return this.  It's trying to be ""edgy"" and that just ruined the experience for me.  Sorry, guys, but I just don't want to play a character who's this cruel to women.  Try again."
76561198091026980,Not Recommended,246580,25864277,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,justintwalter,"This game is a lot of fun and legitimately helps typing. and it comes with the original house of the dead: overkill in its entirety, you can play it with controller or mouse. The only reason that this game still gets a thumbs down is because you have to fiddle with some moderately complicated settings with your graphics card to even get it to boot up. for those stuck on the black screen google the NVIDIA solution, they have good step by step guides and it worked for me.TO THE DEVS: if you fix this issue and make it a fully functional game without needing adjustments in my graphics card settings then i will give you a thumbs up"
,Not Recommended,246580,29581414,Posted: 30 January,all,Minikloon,No controller support.
,Not Recommended,246580,32873570,Posted: 27 June,all,Soup,"No controller support. Cmon guys, it's 2017."
,Not Recommended,246580,32757053,Posted: 24 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,did you know that some people will pay money for you to type really fast and those people are called 'employers' and you can be an 'employee' of their 'company' and instead of 'points' you get 'paychecks'
76561198195475830,Recommended,246580,19213875,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,LiRhMg,This is such a great way to kill time while work on your WPM. 100% would type again.
,Recommended,246580,19193565,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Kyle Eleison,"Good game, Funny story, & gottal love dat Isaac!"
,Recommended,246580,18787405,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,i never knew how much i suck at typing
,Recommended,246580,18784509,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Goatmeal,"Great for learning to type, feel like a badass if you already know how. Extremealy satisfying arcade style gameplay.Absolutely terrible story, in which you might as well skip all the cutscenes. It's great."
76561197979964517,Recommended,246580,18875068,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Shutyourmouth2,"It's just a lot of fun. Good for a laugh, and a solid test of skills."
,Recommended,246580,18816101,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Cookie Party,"This game is life-changing. Do you suck at aiming? Doesn't matter. This game doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ The plot is fantastic, full of twists, turns, and squeezes. If you own a computer, a keyboard, and at least one finger, you are in for a treat."
,Recommended,246580,18851694,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Interactive Civilian,"What an outstandingly fun way to practice your typing ability!Not much else to say. Words appear on the screen. You type them. Zombies get shot. If you don't type fast enough or accurately, the zombies kill you.I had a lot of fun with this. :D"
,Recommended,246580,11741004,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,PANNENKOEKEN-7,"Not only do your get to practice typing swears, the scriptwriting is hilarious and the acting is cheesy. Also includes The House of the Dead Overkill, in case you like clicking onzombiesmutants. Plus the soundtrack will make you say, ""What the funk!""Workshop custom dictionaries are very cool."
76561198071616417,Not Recommended,246580,19255576,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,LaedeeTyme,was expecting it to be like the old gamethere was so much cussing i couldn't make it through the 2nd cutsceneand i'm not a sensitive person by any means
,Recommended,246580,19462618,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,>▮,Please make available for Linux!
,Recommended,246580,19215223,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dinamita,best game through out the series10/10
,Recommended,246580,19305844,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,AlanLeong88,"Somehow the typing feel more satisfy then using with mouse... Real Dumb cutscenes.... quite buggy, missing body parts. But if you love Typing of the Dead series... you gotta love this game"
,Not Recommended,246580,15290634,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Cheesy Blasters!,"There is a reason they stopped making on-rails shooters, even if the typing gimmick fits decently. I did not like the camera movements, the plot, the script, and I didn't really have fun in the end. The camera moves too awkwardly, very much so if you are playing the shooter version of the game. The typing part of the game can be funny and challenging at times, but the main characters have so little to cheer for, it just feels shallow and meaningless.I know plot isn't the main point of game which is a b-movie inspired zombie keyboard typing game, but the attempt fell short, and so was the overall game. I assume one could learn how to type faster if you played this game over and over  but you would get sick of it so fast you would run to Mavis Beacon for some sane guidance."
,Recommended,246580,19487244,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,n_three,"Funny inspired bad-B rating movie with laughable story and voice acting, and immdiately know from the start we shouldn't take this game seriously. It's a really fun, unique game that helps you improve your typing skill with different difficulty modes that you can be comfortable with.  The only thing I noticed about this game, is the strict scoring system or I'm just sucky C average typer. :/"
,Recommended,246580,19515225,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,[OvO]wl,"Words fail me. This is such a good game. Presented as a cross between pulp fiction and grindhouse terror the graphics are 10/10. It's also educational. I have a das keyboard ultimate, which means I don't have any lettering on my keyboard. It makes things pretty interesting, let me tell you :DThe game itself is great fun, you unlock comic pages, good sound tracks, game character sprites and poster art.Graphics 10/10Music 10/10Plausibility 0/10Humour 10/10Dialog 8/10Entertainment value 9/10Replayability 10/1010/10 would beat a zombie to death with a keyboard again."
,Not Recommended,246580,19515857,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Aliquem Laxus,The game is broken and will not run for most people I suggest not buying it as Sega apparently doesn't even support this game anymore.
,Recommended,246580,7944122,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Shanodin,"Really good fun game, I love the aesthetic and you can claim it's educational (teaches faster typing!)"
,Recommended,246580,7947808,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Vue19EC|<,LOVE IT
,Recommended,246580,7948521,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,willparry79,"AWWWW YEAAA!!! What was, in my opinion, the best themed entry in the House of the Dead series is now available on Steam using the control method of what was definitely the most bizarre entry in the House of the Dead series: The Typing of the Dead. Typing of the Dead: Overkill combines the best of both worlds, even including the original play mode as a bonus for those of you who have a working light gun setup on your PC (I'm sure somebody like that is out there somewhere.) A must play for those who liked either TOTD or Overkill, and highly recommended for anyone looking to brush up on their touch typing skills. Beats the hell out of Mavis Beacon, but doesn't really accomodate beginner typists. Also dosen't have the specialized typing exercizes for problem keys to the extent that TOTD did, but still good nevertheless."
76561198009756011,Recommended,246580,8140903,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Esproc,Great for the fans of arcade (typing trololol) games and cheesy 'story'
76561198013749999,Recommended,246580,9340251,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Cwanand,It loks like trash on the cover and the whole thing screams bad action/horror movie.But I swear to god you will love every moment of it. Especially if you play with the DLC content.
,Recommended,246580,9439257,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Kylatae,"This game is defintly a great way to learn how to type individual words fast.  In general I'm a fairly fast typer but I still struggle on specific weird words and this game is more than happy to throw them out there to give you a challenge.  Between that and the on the edge of your seat stress of needing to type fast without error to maintain your combo's and get a high score, at the end of the day it can defintly help improve your typing skills.  I currently have the Shakesphare and Filth language pack which adds more fun to your word variety.  Shakesphare defintly includes a lot of those weird words that you may struggle typing like myself, not because you don't know where the keys are persay but you may not know how to spell the word without really looking at it.For those that get frustrated with the typing potion of the game you can also switch over to the Mouse/Gun version of the game where you can actually obtain cash new weapons, have to reload, and still play through the same story but it gives you the traditional House of the Dead experience.  This was a surprise to me as I did not realize that part was there when I initially bought the game.  I Still have Typing of the Dead 2 (House of the Dead 2) on my computer but for whatever reason on my windows 7 it doesn't run completly properly when typing using my current keyboard for symbols and such so I had stopped playing it as errors not my fault is frustrating."
,Recommended,246580,9074006,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Joacim,"Best game on Steam. Great gameplay, awesome style, no ""Citizen Kane of video games"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It is everything a game should be, and I really wish there were more games like it.Recommended."
,Recommended,246580,7527629,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,kjun,"Brilliant! One of my favourite games from the Dreamcast gets a sequel, updated to the amazing House of the Dead: Overkill :)"
,Recommended,246580,9197773,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kharmyn,Totally funny and fun to play!!!
,Recommended,246580,7550858,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Wicker_Bin,"Type words, kill zombies in a B-movie setting. Has two modes: Typing of the Dead mode and lightgun/point-and-click mode. The only real downside is that it doesn't have a typing tutorial mode like the first game."
,Recommended,246580,9260212,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,dEEz,Beat it in about 3-4 hours. Fun game.
,Recommended,246580,9327157,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,garcia85,"If you love typing games then you'll love this. I remember playing the original Typing of the Dead II years ago and it was a blast, I'm just glad that I happen to stumble upon this game my accident. Wish there were more typing games like this."
76561198013434283,Recommended,246580,7590556,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,JillClone,"Boomslang Venom, Irrelevant Elephant, Vocabulary Hero"
76561197972147252,Recommended,246580,9226015,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mentat,I haven't had this much fun since Mavic Beacon.
,Recommended,246580,8820986,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Meowitzer,"Funny, cheesy and the music is awesome. Play it motherf***er!"
76561198099300740,Recommended,246580,8713832,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,9amersince89,"When I saw this game, I immediately remembered the Dreamcast version, which I thought was great back then.  It still just as fun, and even moreso with House of the Dead packed in.  It's a good break from the, sometimes, repetitive shooting with HoTD.  But I'd recommend taking a break from the keyboard as well - watch out for that carpel tunnel."
76561198062846637,Recommended,246580,8715879,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,The Gaming Raptor,"What can I say about this game?Well, it's just fun. It's frantic, it's just amazing. If you want to brush up on your spelling skills in a fun, gore filled way, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,246580,9164418,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ShakespearOnIce,"It should be noted that this game comes with the standard version of House of the Dead: Overkill included.Recommending this game is tricky. If you're a huge fan of oldschool rail shooters, it's got a decent enough game and a nice progression mechanic where you buy and upgrade new guns, and if you're a fan of B-movie exploitation cinema you'll love the writing and story. If either of these things sound like fun to you, give it a shot; otherwise, feel free to pass. Personally, I loved it."
,Recommended,246580,9495983,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Ed,Super awesome pulp with gruesome zombie stuff and typing.
,Recommended,246580,9497050,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,VenomousFluid,Campy and gore at its best. What more do you need? A Spanish soap opera villian? Got you covered. 10/10.
,Recommended,246580,8643788,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Awesome Applesauce,I am a keyboard warrior.
,Recommended,246580,8646604,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,mod3,The writing and bad voice overs to go with it make this game hillarious. It is not as good as other typing of the deads but the ability to play with a friend online is very cool.
,Recommended,246580,8299646,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Devise,Hella fun for anyone with a desire to test those motor fingers
,Recommended,246580,8691126,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Jambo,Better than Mavis Beacon. Recommended. Having to choose between either Shakespeare or Filth DLC blows my mind.
,Recommended,246580,8470355,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hyperbolic Estrogen Chamber,"Even as a remake of the original HOTD: Overkill, this game screams of a spectacularly low budget, stilted, schlocky writing, and and all-around mindless mishmash of gore.It's also tight as HELL and an all-around damn fun game! The game sells itself as an old-style buddy-cop action flick, and it's cheesy and stupid as they come. Headstrong Games/Modern Dream rocks it 100%, even going so far as to criticize its own schlocky writing by the endgame.The gameplay itself is actually surprisingly tight, you type at zombies and they die in bloody clouds. You can pick up some powerups and collectables along the way, and the little quips that you type out can be pretty entertaining, complimenting the goofiness of the game's setting overall.Get it while it's cheap!"
76561197984918068,Recommended,246580,8471925,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,KhakiMage,"suck it down, Mavis Beacon"
,Recommended,246580,8449900,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Krinklecut,"This game is hilarious and super fun. The typing part brings me back to a ton of games I played back when I was learning how to properly type. (I was like... 6 and there was a whole lot less swearing, but still.) Plus, there's the non-typing part (which I suck at). :3Oh! And the Filth DLC is freaking AMAZING. It's totally worth it. :D"
,Recommended,246580,8445058,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Larfleeze,A fun little romp.  It's literally a PC port of House of the Dead: Overkill with what you could call a slight mod that replaces guns with the keyboard.  Unfortunately there are no other changes to the game which means the gameplay doesn't suit the Typing of the Dead style.  The enemies lack almost all variety and the bosses (with one or two exceptions) are a let down.  I really won't recommend any this game to anyone outside of those who really love Typing of the Dead or House of the Dead: Overkill.
,Recommended,246580,8501850,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pinius,"It turns out edutainment can actually be fun and full of inuendo. It's a great game to play to of course increase your typing skills, but the story is also so cheesy you can't help but love it."
76561198004730679,Recommended,246580,8491498,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Tirao,Thumbs up
,Recommended,246580,8483845,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,B.LEAGUER,Fantastic.  Great overhaul of the original Typing of the Dead that released many years back.
,Recommended,246580,8483977,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,senor_x,"This game doesn't really make any sense and lacks any polish and taste, however it is still pretty fun and filled with humor, unintentional and otherwise.  Probably a better buy when around $5."
,Recommended,246580,8485501,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Six,I thought it was just a joke concept but it turned out to be a legitimately enjoyable game. Seeing a zombies get shot up in time with your furious keystrokes is shockingly satisfying.
,Recommended,246580,8666115,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,terenius,"Pop zombies of all shapes, improve your typing, and learn a whole rainbow of colorful vocabulary."
,Recommended,246580,8666609,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Kyahx,There is something very satisfying and visceral about hammering on your keyboard and shooting up some dead dudes.  A nice unique addition to any game collection.
,Recommended,246580,8666850,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Qworn,"Good fun, great music, each episode has an intro an outro and a boss. First play through with guns is easy, but gets progressively harder and you can buy more guns. Thought I was a fast typer but in the end I end up playing on the ""♥♥♥♥♥ setting""."
,Recommended,246580,8668601,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,CrazyCake,"My fingers hurt, but not as bad as those zombies' heads!"
76561197971102156,Recommended,246580,8669694,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Ethan,"Also comes with the classic rail shooter House of the Dead: Overkill, where you shoot zombies with your mouse. Mindless typing or mindless shooting, whichever mode you choose, you get a solid and short gaming session."
,Recommended,246580,8669726,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,writer4life724,"The Typing of The Dead: Overkill has an interesting idea with fairly good execution. The story, while a satire of the tropes found in most zombie flicks, is engaging and had me laughing when films such as Shaun of the Dead didn't get so much as a chuckle out of me. While there are a few hiccups, the game is fun to play alone, but more fun when you're competing with a friend."
,Recommended,246580,8670322,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Omnipotent AI,The only typing tutor on the market so far. 10/10.
,Recommended,246580,8562946,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,"Teal'c, from Stargate",Exactly what you'd expect. I don't understand why the rendering resolution is locked at 720p or whatever.
,Recommended,246580,8598894,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ƬHЄ MƠƦƦƖƓƛƝ,Type those damn zombies to death! Just as good as the PS3 port and also improves your typing skill.
,Recommended,246580,8483569,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Obama,If like me you have been waiting forever for a sequel to Typing of the Dead then your wait is over. If you haven't played the original and you just like killing zombies then you will also like this game.
,Recommended,246580,8546144,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,MagnisBeard,"I have started using this to judge how good a particular keyboard is, have settled on the Black Widow as my favourite.The keyboard you play with will be the main reason you love or hate this game, I bought it simply for the love of both The Typing Of The Dead II way back when, and how much I enjoyed the first release of The House Of The Dead Overkill on the Wii.Finally, foul language and grindhouse gore can be educational!"
76561198019687758,Recommended,246580,15231536,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Malc1976,Great fun to learn how to type fast it also has a port of the PS3 House  of The Dead: Overkill.Best played with a light gun but ok with a mouse.Come on Sega give us House of The Dead 4.
76561197993816167,Recommended,246580,18944326,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Metahistory,"Great, campy, exploitation style fun. Also good for polishing typing speed."
,Not Recommended,246580,19710013,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,objecttothis,"It doesn't work properly in Windows 10, Sega isn't going to fix it and Valve won't give me a refund because they say I've had it more than two weeks.  If you run it on Windows 10 you'll get a black screen unless you force it to use integrated graphics and run Windows XP SP3 compatibility mode."
,Recommended,246580,19668391,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,I think this is the most fun you can have with typing on a keyboard. Dialogues and voice acting are hilarious. But the endless arcade modes is where the adrenaline is.Excellent menu music. Listen to those lyrics.
,Recommended,246580,19642615,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Mara,Best B-Movie Ever!
,Recommended,246580,20134988,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Dooven,Awesome B movie fun to watch and play along with ... also check out the custom words in the workshop!
,Recommended,246580,20104423,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,gnexus,"Very fun and addicting. It's a typing game, it's corny, it's fun, and has a lot of variances in difficulties. Also only multiplayer with friends? That's some cool fun.Also, it helps you out with your typing skillz."
,Recommended,246580,20202776,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sniper_Wolf-,would recommend/10
76561198151792448,Not Recommended,246580,20054007,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PresidentJesus,Unbearable voice acting and dialogue ruin an otherwise interesting premise for a game. A real shame.
,Recommended,246580,22491959,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,THE WISEST HUMAN,"This game is dumb, in all the best possible ways. I'm pretty sympathetic to the ""so bad it's good"" vibe when it comes to movies, and this is perhaps the only game that sucessfully scratches that itch. The dialogue is extremely funny, and self-aware that isn't annoying and in your face. The cutscenes are really worth watching; the highlight of the game for me was a complaint by their Samuel L. Jackson ripoff complaining about the sexist undertones of the game's design.Despite what your ideas of a game based off typing might be, typing words out quickly seems to be a genuinely fun way to play a video game, or at least this video game. House of the Dead is a pretty perfect fit for this gameplay style, because of its on-rails, somewhat repititive nature. The things you're typing can be pretty funny too, and I was constantly finding myself chuckling at the stupid things I was being forced to type.As for those concernd about the difficulty, I breezed through it on normal difficulty. I type at around 50 wpm, and I was rarely challenged in this game, because I was mostly in it for the dialogue and dumb set-pieces. I cannot comment on how easy the easy mode is, but it might be an issue if you type agonizingly slowly.My only real complaint is that the boss fights are extremely lame and uninspired. They're extremely repititive, and are normally easier than the game.  This is a shame, because the boss designs themselves are somewhat interesting.It's not a super long game, so take that how you will. I finished the main story in exactly the time that my counter reads, and I thought it was the perfect length, I could feel the typing gimmick becoming slightly old at the end. But, there is a little bit more if you're looking for replay value. You can play co-op, or play the original game without the typing.  For me, the short length is almost a plus because I find myself swamped with amounts of games, and can appreciate a self-contained game that knows when to know to end. That being said, for gamers on a budget, you may want to wait for a sale when it drops to $5."
76561198149404329,Recommended,246580,22485316,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,unknown_guide,"A slightly buggy, typing version of House of the Dead: Overkill - Extended Cut for the PS3. It took me a while to get it to work properly on my laptop. I was using Windows 8.1 at the time so your milage may vary. The game itself is in the great tradition of Grindhouse films. It keeps that feel all the way through. If you have never seen a Grindhouse film, let me just tell you that they were not the greatest quality, (picture, sound, acting, special effects). If there are people that complain about any of those with this game, they are missing the point of the whole game.For those of you that don't want to type to kill zombies, you can also use your mouse. I would recommend sticking with keyboarding to kill zombies. Using a mouse for a game that was originally a light gun game feels really sloppy to me. Typing the words out makes me feel like I have the control of aiming that I would have with a light gun.If you like House of the Dead games or Grindhouse films, I would HIGHLY recommend this game."
76561198007339745,Recommended,246580,10193793,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Wickmaniac,Yes.
,Recommended,246580,10203196,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,_advocate_,"Okay... this game rocks. Hard with great music and the worst b-rated scripts you can think of. It reminded me how much I suck at typing. ""Where's the ♥♥♥♥ing 'v'?"" will be said in tight spots. Love it."
76561198091388716,Recommended,246580,10203267,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Just Stephen,SO I honestly can't type to save my life. I do it one key at a time. But I have seen I am improving. I never played the Overkill version until now and I love it.
,Recommended,246580,10203655,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,AlpinedingO,Quite possibly the greatest story ever told.
,Recommended,246580,8959185,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Golden Neckbeard,"More a love letter to cult film(s) Grindhouse than to its tragically obscure predescessor, Overkill delivers corney pulp antics to a surprisingly delightful soundtrack. As for the gameplay, it's about as exciting as you could make typing, and I mean that with no sarcasm; it's simple, straightforward fun. Make sure you grab and enable the filthy language DLC!"
,Recommended,246580,8123828,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tracid,A must have for horror-loving keyboard warriors!
,Recommended,246580,9025728,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,John Wesley Harding,Pulp Fiction with more typing.
,Recommended,246580,8788426,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Grahamunculus,Super cheesy but it's a classic.
,Recommended,246580,8703956,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,jennifer lawrence,"Do you like typing? Yes? Buy this game. No? Give the game a try and see if this on rails shooter will be what makes you like typing. I've been wanting to play a Typing of the Dead since the Dreamcast, and this finally quenched my thirst. I never got around to playing it on the dreamcast, but I was not disappointed to play it here. If you've ever had any interest in it, give it a shot. It also includes the original House of the Dead Overkill, so if you like on-rails shooters, there's that. It's not bad overall, but it looks a little wonky due to it being a port. It is however chock full of that B Horror flick humor that is fantastic."
76561198048553346,Recommended,246580,8710368,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Obsidanse,The worst ♥♥♥♥ing thing i've seen in ages.It's awesome!
,Recommended,246580,9100473,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Vaius,Yes.
,Not Recommended,246580,8781288,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,SFzero2.Ryu,The game is ok but the last boss.... maybe the game designer thought it was fun
,Recommended,246580,7513594,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,lauregami,give me a chicken dinner
,Recommended,246580,8735373,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Schaefs,I type so fast now
,Recommended,246580,8735548,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,EazyintheHeezy,"Seriously hilarious and just as good as the original. Best 20$ I've spent in a while. Plus if you didn't read/notice, you also get the original House of The Dead: Overkill, so if you don't enjoy typing, you can still get some great zombie rail-shooting action!"
,Recommended,246580,8735832,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,PodjeGamen,"This is a game that doesn't fit the usual norm. The original House of the Dead Overkill was arguably one of the best third party titles on the Nintendo Wii. Typing of the Dead Overkill includes the original House of the Dead Overkill, but for some reason, shooting on the Wii just felt better, which is weird considering you can use the mouse in this version. The original game and its extras would be worth the purchase. But, as the title suggests, there is also Typing of the Dead which is the original Overkill game but with the typing challenges. A great exercise for your typing skills and very funny. I would laugh out loud at the phrases the game would throw at me. And that was without purchasing the DLC. Especially when on sale, a great game!"
,Recommended,246580,8755188,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Run GMC,"It's a fun variant of the typing tests you may have used in schools. It's 100% House of the Dead, but instead of a light gun, you're WPM are more important.The game also comes with the Director's Cut of House of the Dead, but unless you have some light gun mod, I'd avoid it. Point-and-click is just not an effective way to play HotD, considering some of the instant shots you need to place."
,Recommended,246580,9020259,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Aduh,"At least there's a story to follow for a typing skill game. Too bad there's too much gore and a bit sexy content for kids to play along, and a lot of cursing too. Yeah, I want my little kid to practice typing in a fun way! but err... not this one. Overall it's a good game... for teenage and adult."
,Recommended,246580,9768302,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ROFL_Iron,"I typed this review without looking at the keyboard, proof that it works!"
,Recommended,246580,7523533,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,AgentGrizzle,Go get it! It's hilarious!
,Recommended,246580,8694702,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Acre2234,Furious♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Do not comeboy girl girlSex on the go11/10 would play again(sorry I spoiled the game for you)
76561198049212551,Recommended,246580,8696803,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The Tick,"SQUEE!!I mean, it's a fun game.  Well worth 5 to 10 bucks when it's on sale.Great arcade style action with hilariously over the top cut scenes.  NOT for people who are unfamiliar with touch-typing."
,Recommended,246580,8697909,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Elliott,"Had to type ""all your base are belong to us"" to kill a zombie, 10/10."
76561197996669329,Recommended,246580,8700661,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,R.N.31,"Critics said: ""It's f**king good!""Other critics said: ""It's motherf**king good!!!""A street-cornered prostitutue said: ""I would suck that guy's d**k!!!!!"""
76561198008480844,Recommended,246580,8519050,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,stubbed_out,"Didn't even know this game existed till the sales came along. I had The Typing of the Dead II on my laptop a long long time ago, out of the people that started playing it, my mother really got into...so much that she's actually a fantastic touch typist now.Touting itself as a zombie exploitation Romero style film, it lends itself well to a game that is quite frankly shallow and lazy in design. Although a technically rubbish game - it is still a lot of fun and again, the skills you pick up from typing; ""a zealot didgeridoo"" at speed whilst being rushed at by some skin flaking wench AND simultaneously having to deal with a flying axe denoted by the letter ""k"", are all very useful.Overall, it's probably the most educational game you'll ever play. Definitely reccommended!"
,Recommended,246580,8672685,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Deakor,"""What the hell?"" you will ask yourself between chuckles.  This game is stupid in the best possible way, but it provides a mean test for your typing skills.  I never knew typing could be so much fun (or so over the top violent, either).  Highly recommended for a one-of-a-kind fun experience.  Hope you like typing!"
,Recommended,246580,8673900,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Etjaeger,Most fun you will every have learning to type faster. In this game it's type fast or die
,Recommended,246580,8674052,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Stejagew,"Not only is this a fun arcade-y game, but it also helps with typing speed and typing without looking at the keyboard, so totally get this if you want to improve your typing skills in a fun way."
76561198053273744,Recommended,246580,8674730,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,cdsky3,"A time waster that allows you to work on typing accuracy and speed while killing zombies.  Be warned though:  Loads of sexual innuendo, heavy use of the ‘F’ word, and if you are prone to epileptic seizures, this probably isn’t the game for you.  It plays like an old Tarentio film, with all the blood, sex, and stereotypes.IF YOU ARE A PARENT THINKING TO GET THIS GAME AS A TYPING TUTOR FOR YOUR CHILD, I WOULD HIGHLY RECONSIDER, THIS IS A GAME MEANT FOR ADULTS!"
,Recommended,246580,8676276,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Gorlioth,"I have made some bad typing habbits. I am what you would call a hunt and peck typist. Although my words per minute isnt terrible I still have to rely on seeing the keys to type. Playing this game in the dark shuld prove challenging, scary, and fun! It will definately be a great way to practice on some way overdue techniques. Looking forward to beating this and getting the filth and shakespear DLC.♥♥♥♥ MAVIS BEACON!"
,Recommended,246580,8676372,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,HazeyHippo,"This game is addictive as hell. The story isn't the greatest, but honestly if you're playing it for the story, you're playing the wrong game. It's incredibly easy to pick up and play and challenging without being annoying. I also really enjoyed the comical teasing of the arcade zombie shooters out there. Overall, really enjoyable as a game that's just simpley fun."
,Recommended,246580,8676539,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,b o r t i i `,"An intellectually stimulating combination of symbolic game design, brilliant visuals, an immersive soundtrack, and a post-modern story that will leave you pondering its implications for months. I consider this the best videogame ever made."
76561198025151759,Recommended,246580,8671018,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Nucleardomson,"This game is Hilarious and a deceptively educational typing tool......is what I would probably say if I could get the ♥♥♥♥ing thing to work, beyond getting a black screen.In the interest of fairness, I'll try to review what I actually managed to play:To hell with this 'game', there's hardly any gameplay and the graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(Only one colour, is this 1981?). The sound design is practically non-existent (very sloppy work). The game length is pretty crap, I can't believe it only lasts for a split-second, then it's over (Not even a credits sequence)!Would not recommend, (still better than COD tho)lol jk is rly good"
,Recommended,246580,8677248,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kytano_Skorpius,It's typing.  It's zombies.  Nothing else I could say can do it justice.
,Recommended,246580,8912430,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Betamax001,"A fun way to boost your typing skills. You can't just chicken scratch your way through this game. Even on easier settings the game can get quite hectic, so type fast friends if you want to stay alive...."
,Recommended,246580,9069946,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Alrami,"You need this game, don't talk, just buy it. The ""filth of the dead"" DLC is life affirmingly good. I loved the original typing of the dead and this is an order of magnitude better. Tons and tons of replay value, it makes learning or brushing up on yoru typing fun."
,Recommended,246580,17808967,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,kuroneko,Hand Cramp Simulator 201310/10 would cramp again
,Recommended,246580,17786647,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,LazlowMorphine,"This game is a vast improvment over the origonal 1999 typing of the dead. also comes with a ps3 port of Overkill played with mouse or controller. offers much variety to gameplay and replayability. Along with funny dialoge and a old Tarantino feel, plus the additional dictionaries. very enjoyable game. 10/10"
76561198110972000,Recommended,246580,17806597,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,gabrielamelian,"Awesome game! It's helping me learn how to type faster while killing zombies.The story is hilarious and very ""Robert Rodriguez"" in a way"
76561198104201141,Recommended,246580,17804657,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Super Toad 67,Made my fingers hurt and was funny and pretty entertaining for the price I bought it at. 2/10
76561198073819114,Recommended,246580,17802795,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,CAT ATTACK!,lollipops
,Recommended,246580,17787748,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Pacific Hero,Classic game! Interesting and educational!
76561197999363429,Recommended,246580,17821584,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Da Chief 319,Remember Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing?This is Samuel L. Jackson Teaches Typing
,Recommended,246580,17723969,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MagicMairou,"IT'S NOT JUST GOOD, IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING DELICIOUS"
76561198214518731,Recommended,246580,17733831,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jeffery Boat,"Industry. Technology. The future. Before I had started this game I loved licking my keyboard, I could'nt stop! This game not only quelled my need to lick those keys but gave me a new love. Its you Shebra. It has always been you. All hail Shebra. 10/10."
,Recommended,246580,17742465,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ganymede,This game is always quite enjoyable. 10/10 d(^3^)b
,Recommended,246580,17747250,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Superior Spidey,Excelente juego. Tiene casi dos graficos completos.
,Recommended,246580,17748063,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nyle91,"After figuring out a fix to the problem of the game not starting that I found a lot of people have had, I just had a blast. Probably one of the most fun ""tutoring"" games I have played. The game teaches you how to type through gory zombie(Sorry, mutant) killing, fun bosses and great satire of classic B-movies and tropes. This is one of those games that is just shameless fun, the likes of which I wasn't expecting from a typing tutorThis may not fix everyone's copy, but for those having issues loading it up, I feel your pain, I almost returned the game and I'm glad I kept trying until I got it to work. The method I used is right clicking the game in your library, going to properties and local files, finding the .exe file(The red icon with the zombie), Right clicking to properties and changing the compatibility to windows xp(service pack 3), and right clicking the icon again and running as administrator. Hopefully that helps some of you."
,Recommended,246580,17748279,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,JERRY,"Its Typing of the Dead Overkill. What more do you want?!Game is great, there have been bugs i've encountered (like the words don't appear and you can't kill the zom-err i mean mutants) but so far i've only encountered it playing the first level over and over again. DLC dictionaries are a great addition to difficulty *and ridiculousness* of the game. And getting the Original Version is a wonderful bonus!Hopefully there'll be an update to fix those bugs. Cause I want my game ""sweet and sour"""
,Recommended,246580,17710885,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,NYNzrin,"One word.MotherF**ker! XDThis game is just, pure madness and fun!I LOVE IT. XD"
76561198048550423,Recommended,246580,17717948,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,JBelmont,Mavis Beacon on steroids11/10
,Recommended,246580,17699786,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Sunlight Yellow Overdrive,Steven Hawking turned into a psychic zombie and has a hot sister.10/10
,Recommended,246580,17833619,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Scorcho,"If you don't get this game, I will rip your mother♥♥♥♥ing balls off."
76561198037536257,Recommended,246580,17179205,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,raveryn,"Great game.  Includes the original with mouse point-and-click action.  But the highlight of the game is the typing.  With the ability to add dlc dictionaries with new words and phrases, you'll look forward to killing more zombies just to see what you'll have to type next!"
,Recommended,246580,17481070,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Number13,"Pretty much what it says on the tin. Very good campy writing. If you gotta work on your typing, this is pretty great. Definitely NSFW, though."
,Recommended,246580,16576605,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Angry As Fuck Duck,"Typing has never been so fun!The whole game plays like a cheesy 90's movie. The dialogue is funny as hell, the story and characters are over-the-top and the zombies are deliciously disgusting, so it's a pleasure to make their heads explode. And it's also kind of two games in one - the typing version and the classical one, where you aim and shoot with your mouse or controller. Other than that it's the same story, only the controls are different. It also contains plenty of unlockables and minigames, so it will last you for a while. And best of all, it actually teaches you to type faster! Who said video games cannot be useful?Rating:If the game was a fish, it would be a mother♥♥♥♥ing shark. I don't know what it means."
76561198029344980,Recommended,246580,16384400,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ginja Dave,BLoody funny.
76561198145677235,Recommended,246580,16939854,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Alice,Awsome and intense
,Recommended,246580,17461613,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,THE MIGHTY GALVATRON!!!,"A remake of the Wii game ""House of the Dead Overkill"", but now you learn how to type as well as swear like a true 70's grindhouse hero while having fun while doing it. Now comes with Steam Workshop for Custom Typing Action!"
,Not Recommended,246580,17419058,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,N00bular,"I was expecting something along the lines of the actual House of the Dead games with some extra silliness thrown in.  Instead I got something so loaded down with profanity, off-color jokes, and general crudity that I was embarrassed to own it."
,Recommended,246580,17117547,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.",Can't find a dictionary on the workshop that consists of racial slurs and homophobic slangs but other than that the game's pretty awesome.
,Recommended,246580,18395680,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,"Bones ""Bones"" Malone",HA HA HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS IS AWESOME
76561198047102190,Recommended,246580,20335351,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Suki,The gameplay is interesting as well as the characters. The scenery is well thought out and the music is catchy.
76561198038706941,Recommended,246580,19927371,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,KillerBunny,"Some memorable quotesAgent G- You ever feel like dialing back the cursing much?Washington- ♥♥♥♥ that, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Agent G- There we were. Face to face with a REAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Who most liked ♥♥♥♥ed his mother.But not once, not once did you call him ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  When indeed he was, most probably, a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. What does that tell you?Washington- I dont ♥♥♥♥ing know.Washington- What's up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Washington-♥♥♥♥♥♥ That G stand for Genocide ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!Dialogue alone makes this completely worth a buy.10/10."
,Recommended,246580,20419650,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Bee,"I love House of the Dead, I love Typing of the Dead. Random words hovering over zombies is somehow inherently funny.Warning though: I upgraded to Windows 10 and now all I get is a black screen."
,Recommended,246580,8239092,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AmericaLies2You,"I love these games. I had the first TOTD on the Dreamcast, so I had to buy this game once it went on sale. It is basically House of the Dead: Overkill but you use a keyboard instead of a light gun. So expect the cheesy dialogue and horrible voice acting. For some this might be a selling point. I really like the fact that this game could actually teach you how to type. It is not as deep as Mavis Beacon but you WILL learn how to type faster by playing this game. I still have not been able to find a multiplayer game. I have searched for an online player several times each time I play with no luck. The mini games are kind of fun. The story mode is the meat of the game and has 9 lengthy chapters. Each chapter has a Grindhouse movie feel and the music is pretty good. Overall I would recommend the game, but this is a niche game. As a bonus, you also get House of the Dead: Overkill included."
,Recommended,246580,8121298,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Twilightkite,Why are you even thinking about it? TYPE. KEEP TYPING.
76561197993537880,Recommended,246580,8123001,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Hillcat [UK],Hi steam.Ok I played with game a little and  have change may orginal review from not recommend to recommend.My new rating out 10 is 7.5Bad points with game- steep learning curve if you cant touch type ( no tutorial)- lots of F**k bad languageGood points with game:- nice still with music ang visuals- you can play with mouse or controller to kill the zombies- you can keyboard to touch type a word or comment to kill the zombies- most import it's fun- lots of F**k bad language
,Recommended,246580,8124001,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,baconops,"Exactly what you expect and nothing more. Except this new Tarantino style of going through the story, its bad."
,Recommended,246580,8177103,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Crulark,Great game to buy for anyone that sucks at typing and is terrified of zombies. They'll learn to type pretty quick. Lots of fun to play with friends and see who is better at typing. Gotta say the story is terribly cheesy though. I recommend just skipping every single cutscene and save your brain cells.
76561197995159080,Not Recommended,246580,8177717,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kompaktor,"The original game was a mix between a typing-tutorial and house of the dead.This updated version removes all of the tutorials, leaving you with no ways to improve your typing skills and improve your playing. Instead of tutorials we get unfunny attempts at in-your-face humour and a view of women thats utterly pathetic in 2013. For no reason at all, the game would work just as well without them.  I feel sorry for Sega for selling out the brand.Except for these unfortunate touches its a solid gameplay experience, just be prepared that as was stated above, the horror experience works on many levels."
,Recommended,246580,8179724,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ace Wolf,"If you like bad moves like Grindhouse and youlovetyping on a keyboard, then you'll♥♥♥♥♥in your pants for this game that blends the nauseating violence of kill-everything zombie games with all the fun of typing on a keyboard to fire bullets and take down festering mutants."
,Recommended,246580,8180394,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DarkBoolen,"Played this a long time ago on the Wii and almost bought the PS3 version with the extra 2 stages (but didn't) and this seems like the best of both versions.  Its got all the extra content from the PS3, and it also has 2 ways to play it, 1 with typing on a keyboard or 2 playing the original version of the game with out the words and just a controller or mouse.  I'm not sure if you can use a Wii remote or a PS3 Move controller but I wouldn't be surprised with some kind of 3rd party program you probably can.  Either way this is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,246580,8111281,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,MariconPingonSingon,"Graphically, the game is garbage. The textures look worse than Grand Theft Auto San Andreas while the lip syncing is completely OUT of sync. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥did I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off at all the cheesy dialogue and banter between the characters, as well as the grindhouse motif. Overall, the game is one hell of a challenge to anyone who thinks they could type anything at the speed of light, at least for me. Would probably be easier in multiplayer but I've yet to play that mode. Not to mention, comes with the original house of the dead overkill so you could play that too once your fingers have had a workout."
,Recommended,246580,8116380,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Rahz Zalinto,"This game also has a normal shooting version in it, which instantly makes it worth the money.  However, like most things on steam, might as well wait till it's on sale to buy it =PThe storyline, is the absolute worst thing ever, but, it's so bad, that it's good O_O"
,Recommended,246580,8224402,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,HGenzo,"it's so good, that it's bad! especially the cutscenes. the game is great!"
,Recommended,246580,7779219,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,kzoogamer,"Fun new game, and definitely recommended if you ever played the first Typing Of The Dead game."
,Recommended,246580,7779839,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Psyonic_Psycho,Easily the greatest typing game ever made.
,Recommended,246580,7780127,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Drooling Cat,Best game in the world
,Not Recommended,246580,7780263,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SF🐺,"This thing is an absolute trainwreck. The script is a bawdy insult to the intelligence that falls flat on its face attempting to be ""good bad"" and only ending up as bad bad. The soundtrack is an uninspired mess that tries to distract you from its incompent execution with painfully forced wackiness. The gameplay is glitchy, exploitable, and severely watered down compared to the series' previous incarnations. The graphics are hideous and poorly optimized. At no point is the player ever actually taught to type. The grindhouse theatre aesthetic is charming, but not remotely enough to redeem what I consider a borderline kusoge. Overkill was not a great game to begin with, and yet the hack job that is this Typing variant somehow managed to make it significantly worse.If Sega finally brings any previous Typing of the Dead to Steam, I will gladly buy it. I need to get the taste of this one out of my mouth."
,Recommended,246580,7781363,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,lorelli,"You really can't go wrong with this game, and the phrases and words you type are really hilarous and fitting. A rehash of HOTD: Overkill. And it comes with a port of it, too!"
,Recommended,246580,7789878,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,InnocuousRemark,"The visuals are unquestionably dated, but if you're a fan of typings games, zombie games, light gun games, and/or camp grindhouse film, then you're going to like this."
,Recommended,246580,7796650,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MassCreed,"-The dialog, story, cinematics, are over the top even considering thats the intent, to the point of dull and annoying.+However, the Gameplay is perfect, just like the old Typing of the dead, and what you expect if you're looking for a game like this. Great way to increase your typing speed and reduce mistakes.+The gratuitous violence and blood is extremely satisfying, particularly after you speedily punch out a tough word or phrase the zombies almost explode from your massive brain power and dexterous fingers.+ Different difficulties ranging from easy to very hard, makes it a game anyone can enjoy.Works great on Windows 7 if youre someone that takes care of their computer"
,Recommended,246580,7799533,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Illuminati Middle Manager,Play this game to protect the loife coicle
,Recommended,246580,7521989,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,JayJohno,"At first you think wtf, then you play it and it's just pure awesome typing gory fun."
,Recommended,246580,18545744,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,qwerasdf1234,This game teaches you that being able to us the touch system is of vital importance. Literally.
,Recommended,246580,18819464,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Snolferd,"This game is incredibly fun, but sometimes in cutscenes the audio would be out of sync and for me this game isn't worth 18 euros. Get it on sale."
76561198040830949,Recommended,246580,18785957,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MidnightAshley,"It's a Quentin Tarantino style zombie rail shooter with the added benefit of making you learn to type and read faster.If you're looking for an amazingly stylized game with beautiful graphics and a breathtaking dialogue then this game isn't for you. If you're looking for a fun zombie shooter, a funny b-movie script, or you want to improve your typing skills in a way that doesn't make you want to bang your head against the keyboard then this is for you.10/10 would shoot zombies with pop culture references again."
76561198036808281,Recommended,246580,20960357,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,jamescrab1,Great great great game for people like me who find typing fun.  Lots of custom dictionaries in the steam workshop!
,Recommended,246580,7744088,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Persuader,"Meh. I played it once, and haven't played it again since .. The game is well-constructed, no bugs or anything. Just not my style."
,Recommended,246580,7747183,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Antipunk,"I love typing games. Z-type, Icarus Proudbottom Teaches typing, almost anything. I know it's supposed to be Grindhouse, but I find the vulgarity, voice-acting, and story to have zero appeal to me, but gosh dang it is this isn't a great typing game. The keystrokes are satisfying and the dictionary is full of little things that made me laugh. It's dumb, it's silly, and it's a typing game and for that, I think people should buy it."
,Recommended,246580,16671465,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Daihup,The gameplay is just too good! It's a pity that it does not support 2 keyboards multiplay in single PC.but still it is a very very nice game!
,Not Recommended,246580,15963255,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,explosion sauce,this game is not for becoming a faster typist like the original one was. it is a story game with typing elements and interrupts actual gameplay with cutscenes too much
76561198057405059,Recommended,246580,16216299,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ionwesker,"Fun game, the only real flaw being the lack of locl co-op."
,Recommended,246580,16463878,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Chief Masamune,"This game is a wonderful new spin on the on-rails shooter genre that you could find at any arcade. Typing your enemies to death just feels a little more satisfying.The story is great too. It's presented as an old-school cop movie, complete with narration. It's simple and a bit dumb, but that just makes it better in my opinion."
,Recommended,246580,16465168,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,boxes bleeds quake,"It's designed to be as bad but fun as possible, it's like an enjoyable cringe, and way fun to play with friends. 8/10 would seriously buy again."
,Recommended,246580,7968237,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,AyyySB,HOTD Overkill is amazing.This is HOTD Overkill but better.What else can you say?
,Recommended,246580,7549574,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Small Infant Jaso,"This game spoke to me in a way not many other games can. It held me by my jaw, stared  me in the eyes. And as my soul was pierced by it's gaze, it said to me, ""MOTHA♥♥♥♥A."""
,Recommended,246580,13405523,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Psykhophear™,"Pros:+ Typing kills; game plays well on both typing (keyboard) and standard aiming (mouse) controls+ AAA soundtrack+ Hilarious storyline+ Memorable characters+ Short but sweet experience; with great replay value+ Visually outstanding+ Quotable linesCons:- Cutscenes are not as good as the Wii version; no tight shots, very wooden camera angles in comparison- Game is too easy once weapons are upgraded to its maximum capacity- No local co-op; super lame!Score:Gameplay: 1 StarGraphics: 1 StarAudio: 1 StarReplay Value: 0.5 StarOverall: 1 StarTotal: 4.5 Stars"
76561198150420051,Recommended,246580,14872594,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Chimp_Chilla,"This is on of the best games I have played this year! It has everything you would want from a game humour, replay ability... zombies. I have always wanted to learn to touch type and this game makes it fun and rewarding.10/10"
76561198064866391,Recommended,246580,14859288,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,M'aiq the Liar,"It's a bit of the old 'Ultra Violence'. If you have played House of the Dead before, then you know what to expect. Acting so bad, they have to be acting. Cheesy dad jokes and an unending stream of badly animated gore,♥♥♥♥♥♥ and♥♥♥♥♥ It's hilariously wonderful. Normally, killing zombies ain't no-thing. Add typing a word to each kill and it gets a lot harder. Though not at first. It's well paced if you're trying to get better at typing. But if that is your goal, always best to play on the highest setting you can. Lower settings make you wildly tap at keys, trying to get a kill. It is only once your error is counted against you that you start to really improve. I'm around 50 wpm myself. Not great, but I finished the game on Normal. If you get sick of typing, ""House of the Dead: Overkill"" is included with it. Which, I think is fun in it's own right. Though nostalgia may have blinded my jugdement, and it's not for everyone, I still recommend you try this game."
76561198070193757,Recommended,246580,14887004,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Lora,"This isn't just a typing game. It's an Quentin Tarantino meets Mavis Beacon experience!!! The story is really over the top and hilarious as f***!!!! Awesome writing and hilariously bad dialogue and narrative ...The bad ? some graphic glitches still occur. Co-op can be a mess typing each other's words, have some strategy ahead. Otherwise its an awesome game!"
76561198073183431,Recommended,246580,14850010,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,BermondseyBob,"This is one of my all time favorite Wii games and I loved the PS3 version too (that looks stunning in 3D by the way), so when I saw this on offer, I jumped at the chance to buy it!I'd played ""Typing of the Dead"" before and thought it was great fun, so I already knew what to expect from this. You just type in what comes up on screen. Not being a typer, I spend more time looking at the keyboard than the actual game, but that just adds to the fun, trying desperatly to get the spellings right while under attack etc.Anyone who's played the other versions will know the setting is total bonkers! It's a prequel to the original House of the Dead and plays out like a series of films with ""coming soon"" trailers and mini movie intros. Honestly, it's all very well presented. The characters you meet are all good fun too. It's genuinly laugh out loud funny in places too.One unexpected bonus is that as well as the typing game, you also get a full mouse controlled version of the game, so you can play it properly! I really wasn't expecting that, so it was a very nice surprise! Also, as it's a port of the PS3 version and not the Wii original, you also get the extra levels (level two isn't in the Wii version for example). This mouse version is reason to buy this game on its own!Excellent fun!"
76561198088039381,Recommended,246580,14897141,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Doughbellie,"Pros: Stress, word memory.Cons: Punctuation, capitals and spaces don't matter.bottom line: this could have been done better. Still alot of fun though, hopefully the extreme difficulty  level will bring more of a challenge."
,Recommended,246580,15035661,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Minerva,"This game took me back to Grind Horror films, with it's humor, graphics and especially the story in it self! ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!A truly masterpiece, and nothing like anything you've seen before.I don't even wanna recommend you to buy this... I WANT YOU TO BUY IT STRAIGHT AWAY! <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,246580,14876307,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Pizzaholic,Type them to death! nuff said
,Recommended,246580,14821029,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Sjorspion,Tarantino movies + House of the Dead = Overkill!
76561198006033753,Recommended,246580,14822275,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,gurney halleck,"It lacks the innate charm of the original on the Dreamcast, but it's still an experience you can't really find anyhere else.Also, be aware that this is most definitely a mature title. The oringal's clean and campy atmosphere is swapped out for a grindhouse vibe and grosser (possibly just more detailed) visuals, so be forwarned if you were thinking of getting this as a Mavis Beacon alternative."
,Recommended,246580,14824335,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,13xforever,Who knew that typing could be this adrenaline-fueled and fun!
,Recommended,246580,15083143,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DiabolicGamerMephisto,"Knowledge is power! Power you can kill zombies with! :DBut seriously, it's a fun game, decent storyline and it can improve your typing skills. Over all, pretty enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,246580,15073152,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Bill熊,"I am a fan of the old SEGA typing of the dead (100+hrs).Particularly, I looked forward to the multiplayer mode. The multiplayer mode arrived late, and when it eventually arrived. it didn't work. I hope it will improve one day, if it does, I will update my review.Also, there's no tutorial mode teaching you the basic technique of typing. So you may have fun if you already know how to touch type, otherwise, probably not enjoyable."
,Recommended,246580,15075973,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,iMPULSE | NoobCat,Best game ever. Shoot zombies and learn English at the same time? HECK YEAH!
,Recommended,246580,15088849,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PeterLee222,All I wanna say is that this game offers you an interesting way to practice typing and shooting.
76561198091591272,Recommended,246580,15091018,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,"The, Addi Robinson",Curce you DyslexiaCUUUUURRRRRRCCCCCCEEEEEEE YYYYYOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!10/10 will never get a high score
76561197995680137,Recommended,246580,14361739,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,kcampbe,I got really tired of the explicit language and quit playing. Would be a much better game with an option for less offensive vocabulary.
,Recommended,246580,14164714,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,jimstein,This game is about 6 hours in playtime. Surprisingly good fun typing to kill your enemies and there is absolutely no alternative if you want to learn to type fast fast fast…. :D  But... the cut scenes (and the whole game content for that matter) is only appropriate for adults!
76561198058282971,Recommended,246580,14384701,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Bambee,"Played this game in class.My poor old professor thinks I'm taking notes.Still got an A in the class.10/10, would mother♥♥♥♥in' play this again."
76561198053453615,Recommended,246580,13730255,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ken,"This game found itself a very narrow niche. If you want genuine fun with typing, this is for you. If anything else, no, it's not for you.A typing game in sweet combination with hommage to cringeworthy B-movie kitsch -- if I have to put it in one sentence. I enjoyed it!"
76561198027733037,Recommended,246580,7829560,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,tigerstripe88,"Super intense, super funny and super fun!"
76561197977927906,Recommended,246580,7691375,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Kes,"If you're a fan of the original or just love zombie games in general, Overkill is an absurdly fun game to play.http://youtu.be/-GBqlqkpVi8:D"
,Recommended,246580,7843027,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Deathtopong,"A true classic, worth every cent."
76561197972108768,Recommended,246580,7843259,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,niels.v.d.sype,"Amazingly and awesome game,  which will  increase your typing skills in a very entertaining way. This is very usefull for students to learn their typing skills, instead off the traditional typing learning software that are used."
,Recommended,246580,7903026,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,SSG | ayaze-senpai,"""type anything as long as you type like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""10/10"
,Recommended,246580,7851181,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,btsfan69420,"Aha if you can type you will love this game and enjoy going through the levels. If you suck♥♥♥♥♥at typing and you finger peck then you will hve a lot of trouble and i would not reccomend this game until you get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and learn to type. Its a zombie shooter on rails (rails means that the game moves you) and it is lots of fun. The game just got a new content update which added multiplayer so now you can type your way to victory with your friends. If you dont have a freind then that sucks and you should probably get one or buy a cat. Thats really all i have to say. Oh yea.. if you are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the price, id wait for it to go on sale or just go get a job. Ok im done here... enjoy typing zombies-Turtwig"
76561197976145920,Recommended,246580,7860700,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,drspaz,I couldn't type fast to save my life!
76561197990398645,Recommended,246580,7972071,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,PCPlayerZero,"The Typing of The Dead: Overkill includes  The House of The Dead: Overkill, which makes it worth for the fans, or for everyone, if there is a discount in game price. The game now includes multiplayer (did not test ATM)."
76561197973120106,Recommended,246580,7972882,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ashlem,"Haha, fun game if you want to brush up your typing skills and kill zombies at the same time."
,Recommended,246580,7974483,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ladiesman,"Best education game ever, must play!"
,Recommended,246580,7974882,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,моGо,"It's not really the well-intentioned-but-superbly♥♥♥♥♥♥voice-acting game from before. More of a grindhouse film that's completely self-aware and a crap-ton of fun anyways. This isn't your dad's typing game, this is typing on cocaine with explosions , guns, and gore!"
,Recommended,246580,8142046,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[FaRK] RustGutz,"Sweet merciful Jeebus. It's like Quentin Tarantino made a typing game. All the cheesy one-liners, swearing and gore you could imagine from a bad grindhouse movie, AND it's great typing practise. If you can touch type, get this game. If you can't touch type, get this game and LEARN."
76561198050715681,Recommended,246580,8146215,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,cavanasm,"All the ridiculousness and terrible cliches of B-movie horror thrown together in a typing game. The phrase dictionary is pretty good, and the absurdity of several of them will freeze your brain. The inclusion of the original non-typing version is pretty nice too."
76561198044486723,Recommended,246580,8149361,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,12106762,"An amazing game that pulls double duty as hilarious and (somewhat) educational. A particular feature that sealed the deal was the fact that the regular game and the typing game are included, making it twice as fun. I don't even have to go to the Wii anymore to play this, especially considering the new content in the game.The game is decently difficult typing wise on any difficulty. Maybe it's the fact that I don't use ""conventional"" typing methods, but then again, who does.Overall its awesome."
,Recommended,246580,8068953,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,alltoastes,F*** yea
,Recommended,246580,8074454,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,StyrofoamAndGasoline,"This game is awesome! It's House of the Dead meets Mavis Beacon! I loved HotD, and I was a nerdy kid who enjoyed Mavis Beacon, so this is fantastic! I recommend this highly :D"
76561198062228938,Recommended,246580,8074645,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Mikey,"Typing of The Dead is a great game! I've always thought it was such an original idea ever since I heard about it on the Dreamcast all those years ago. I'm glad Sega decided to update the game and put it on steam. I can't recommend this game enough. Killing zombies by typing things like ""Camel toe hugger"" is priceless!"
,Recommended,246580,7544332,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Ghidorah68,So fun! Get it M*therF*cker!
76561198004716632,Recommended,246580,8075350,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,fishballmaster,The best way to train typing
,Recommended,246580,8075421,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Leo Lionhart,THIS IS FREAKING AWESOME!!!!BUY NOW and DON'T THINK TWICE!!!You won't regret having it!!!
,Recommended,246580,8076046,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,A loud obnoxious fart,Oh my god this game is intense. 10/10
,Recommended,246580,8076047,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,basedpraetorian,"Fantastic. Cheesy B-movie acting, plenty of violence, and increase your WPM all in one game! Also has multiplayer, and the original game if you don't feel like typing (although it is much more dull IMO)Get it!"
,Recommended,246580,8076545,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,DDRDude,"I'm glad I bought it on sale for $10 - you get a slightly newer version of Typing of the Dead.It doesn't have as much of the silly charm as the original (or characters with dreamcasts & keyboards), and the bosses are much more plain.The Football manager DLC was fun, but considering the limited replay value (as the typing is much more disjointed and less ridiculous than previous). I'd love to play again with the new DLC, but it's definitely not worth $6."
,Recommended,246580,8077754,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bojangle,Amazingly over the top in every single way. Just brilliant.
76561198001809332,Recommended,246580,8079536,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Heathen scum,Well. This is something
76561197967112619,Recommended,246580,8081348,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Hokucho,"Its Typing of the Dead. If you didnt grow up when the first one existed, you have to get this one. Theres an unexplainable joy you get when killing zom- erm, mutants, with the power of words."
,Recommended,246580,8083874,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Pyrocube,"You'll type till you're hard, then type till you wipe. 10/10 would Type more -IGN"
,Recommended,246580,8083989,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Olrok,"Educational games like Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing, Number ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and Mario Is Missing need to move over; this is what a typing game SHOULD be."
,Recommended,246580,8002330,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,MAMEiac,"A guilty and quirky pleasure, certainly not for everyone with its grindhouse style and profane language at every turn. Some good and goofy fun though with the typing mode, I especially enjoy some of the contextual things you're asked to type to dispatch certain zombies. Wouldn't pay much for it but it is what it is, unapologetically so..."
,Recommended,246580,8004711,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mogador,"This is just great!  I had the first TOTD years ago, this is so much better. Just buy it!"
,Recommended,246580,8127793,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,aurora borealis,"You don't come to a game like this expecting a thought-provoking story and powerful dialogue. The original sparked a charm by capitalizing on that, focusing entirely on an original style of gameplay as a twist on a tired concept of a railshooter. The Typing of The Dead: Overkill clearly knows its fanbase and knows what made the original great and tries its best to cater to that. While the graphics may disappoint many and original ToTD fans may miss unique boss challenges such as The Hydra, everything that made the original great and charming is here and better than ever."
76561198027475328,Recommended,246580,8127906,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Timwu,Unexpectedly awesome.
76561198118437553,Recommended,246580,15204205,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,[LOST]Pikachupeepee,Great time wasting game... very easy to pick up and put down at any minute...
76561198021885673,Recommended,246580,15229959,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,sirnephilim,"I didn't buy it for the typing.Honestly, ""Contains the full Overkill game"" should be in bold on top of the product page.Best rail shooter ever, IMO. Silly, bloody, shooty X (Circa 1968) rated fun."
,Not Recommended,246580,15459296,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,PJammaz,"Does it work?  Yes.  Well, mostly.  If you just want a typing game set in a zombie-shooting scenario, then this works.  However, if you want a polished game that is worth the asking price, this is not it.  It can be entertaining, but all of the bugs and visual glitches ruin most of the experience for me."
,Recommended,246580,15189663,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Naktholomew,"I can play this at work, and people just think I'm typing up a lot of documentation!"
,Recommended,246580,15177534,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Absolutely Haram,"Fun game, both Typing of the Dead and House of the Dead campaigns remain interesting even though they use the same maps, as they are completely different experiences, the House of the Dead a rail shooter, nd the Typing of the Dead a rail..typer? Anyways, the typing element is pretty unique and enjoyable (if you can type relatively quick that is).Only problem with it is due to the small number of achievements you almost feel obliged to try and unlock them all, this gets very frustrating when you finish the Typing of the Dead campaign and then have to go back and do them all again on hardcore mode, same goes for the House of the Dead only with that you play the 'director's cut' versions of each level.Overall enjoyable game, although it really doesn't last very long unless you're prepared to go back and replay a lot of levels to unlock those final achievements.Definately worth buying on sale, although maybe not full price due to the length of the campaings overall."
,Recommended,246580,16250518,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,goodjob_grandpa,Got a Mechanical Keyboard? You'll love this game
,Not Recommended,246580,16436006,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pawgslayer85,DO NOT BUY! Does NOT run for more then 3mins before crashing. AVG Scans a Virus! Enough Said. (Windows 8.1)
76561198001958995,Recommended,246580,16441854,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,BT PhD,"Outrageous and fun, this game is an excellent way to practice touch typing! Avoid gruesome zombie death and earn point bonuses by typing with deadly accuracy! (Ha ha!) Give it a go!"
76561198021312091,Not Recommended,246580,7844020,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Gayfraud,"Not worth the money. Nowhere near as good as the original, but still a worthy update. Multiplayer has huge lag issues, and the conscious efforts to be funny or 'grindhouse' just fall flat."
,Recommended,246580,16482082,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,viniri918,I bought this on a whim. It was worth every penny.
76561197996547465,Recommended,246580,16510140,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,sudo make me a sandwich,I wrote this really fast
,Recommended,246580,16516516,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,supahmissile,"You type stuff and zombies die. Doesn't really teach you to type, so much as improve your urban vocabulary. 10/10, mad decent."
,Recommended,246580,8258009,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ernie,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I love this game.Ok ok, remember when you were a kid and you went to the arcade and decided to pick up one of those guns and play one of those game? Well, this game works almost exactly the same except instead of actually aiming and shooting like a peasant, you succumb to the master race and use a keyboard to masterfully press keys in succession to murder zombies.Sure, that doesn't sound particularly entertaining. I mean, who really wants to type an essay when playing a game, right? Not to worry, the game has hilarious over-acting and voice overs. The pacing of the game is varied enough to keep you on your toes all the time. You don't really know when 30 zombies are suddenly going to be around that corner.The pressure to not make any mistakes is big in this game, as exemplified by the combo meter. For each word/phrase that you don't butcher, you get either a silver or gold bullet in your top right barrel-thing (that's the technical term). The more of those bullets you get in succession, the higher your combo reward is. This prevents people from just rolling their heads on their keyboards until enough letters are thrown out to form the word on accident. I mean, sure, you can still do that, but don't. If you do, you're a moron... Unless you do it systematically with your nose or something. If you can do that, props to you.Anyway, the only major gripes I had with this game were: I found myself mashing TAB all the time because I wanted to pick up all the things. I'm a completionist and bottles are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s because I don't have large backspace key (Who makes mistaeks?) so that made that difficult to cancel out of a word to hit the bottle before I took damage. But aside from that, the game is excellent. It will also encourage people to learn to type without looking at the keyboard, which is an essential skill for anybody ever, especially anyone reading this because they're using a computer. So go out and buy this game. It's on sale as of the time of posting this... I think. EVEN IF IT WASN'T, YOU SHOULD STILL TOTALLY PICK IT UP, IT'S GREAT ENTERTAINMENT."
76561198022037698,Recommended,246580,8262422,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lentils,"I love this game.  The story is over-the-top and funny.  I haven't timed it but each story session seems about 15 minutes - short enough that I didn't get bored or typing-fatigued, but long enough to really get into it. The words/phrases are funny (as seen in the trailer).   Each story is different - the setting is different and the words change to often match the particular story.  In the hospital story, the words even seemed to chang up a little for different sections of the hospital.  I really enjoyed playing the game and so have no hesitation to replay.  I want to do the two DLC's (Shakespeare and Filth) but I also want to work to improve my score.  Great time-waster/decompressor."
76561198051597697,Recommended,246580,8204716,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Aldel Xion,A bit unothodox but fun nonetheless! A great alternative to the usual fps and you might even increase your typing skills
,Recommended,246580,8205283,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,"Mr. ""Pro Lizardfricker"" Argent","""Suffer, like G did?"" --The House Of The Dead 2OVERALL:Sega and Modern Dream did a really good job with The Typing Of The Dead: Overkill! From a style standpoint the game is a convincing and loving homage to grindhouse flicks and video nasties that left me laughing. Looking at the technical end, the port runs smoothly even on a mobile i3 with integrated video, and the developers have paid particular attention to the control scheme.The Typing Of The Dead: Overkill is a prequel to the rest of Sega's lightgun horror(?) series, and it's a very well-made one at that! The series' hallmark corny writing and amazing soundtracks are there as usual, but everything is much more deliberately integrated: In something of a contrast to the rest of the series' style, the homages to classic grindhouse films and B-movies are more obvious and lavish amounts of effort have been put into making the game really seem like something one might see featured along with other modern homages to the genre like Planet Terror or Machete. As a bit of a movie fan, this is a detail I really liked!Moving on, I mentioned some ingenuity with the control scheme. Though Overkill did not get an arcade release like the rest of the series, the core gameplay is still very much in the vein of Overkill's lightgun-based precursors. This integrated logically enough with the Wii's wiimote and the PS3's sensors, but how does one adapt a game like this for a platform with no good analogue for lightgun controls? Sega opted to simply cut the gordian knot here and change the game to a typing-themed edutainment game! Don't be fooled, though; This is far more entertaining of a typing game thanMavis Beacon Teaches TypingorJumpStart Racer. You'll find yourself blowing away scads of undead abominations by typing out a variety of amusingly absurd phrases. This is a time-tested approach on Sega's part: PC versions of previous House Of The Dead games were handled in a similar manner, though it seems like the boss fights were implemented in a more varied way with past releases.For those who would rather not fight their way to victory through stenanography, a mouse-and-keyboard based mode that foregoes the typing in favor of more lightgun-ish gameplay is still there. as of my writing this review, though, I have not been able to take that mode for a spin yet."
76561197999527719,Recommended,246580,7556743,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Cabelnet,My god!Now I've played the old typing of the dead and I enjoyed the novelty and difficulty it brought to the table. This new iteration blows me away. It's focus on speed typing mixed with grind-house horror is probably the best thing I've ever seen happened to  The dead series. The dialog between characters is most likely some of the most cheesy out of whack dialog I've ever heard; and I'm enjoying the hell out of it.This game is simply great fun.
76561198073213467,Recommended,246580,8323768,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Lefty Pernicious,I really enjoyed the first game and introduced it to all of my friends.  Bought this one after reading some info on it's shaky development and the faith sega had in the group.  It is less forgiving in the beginning but just as fun as the original.  The tone is different but I think even more enjoyable and fun than the first which I never thought I would say about any game.  I and most of my friends really increased our typing ability while having a blast raging against some truly difficult boss fights.  Get this game if you are interested in becoming a faster typist.  I'm not sure anyone could sit through the hilariously wonderful in jokes without that prerequisite but it's not that much of a stretch.  I know one friend has already bought it and I am getting a copy for my sister.
,Recommended,246580,9335386,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,I Aten't Dead,"Alright, let's look at the checklist here...1) Do you like Grindhouse?2) Do you like games/movies that don't take themselves seriously?3) Do you like rail shooters?4) Do you like shooting zombies?If you answered no to two of the four, get out of my face.If you answered yes to three of the four, WELCOME MY BROTHER! Typing of the Dead: Overkill is the game for you! This is a game so cheesy, so badly acted, so violent, so sex filled, and so much damn fun. Even better, it's two games in one!Typing of the Dead is the simple ""type-'em-up"" highlight of this title in which you quickly type words to kill zomb- I mean, mutants. The faster you type, the deader the dead. As such it's ironically more adrenaline filled than the original this game was based off of since you'll have to pay close attention to which zombies are closer to you and if any are throwing any projectiles since you'll have to backspace out of the word you're working on to smack that fool. Plus there are three difficulty modes to work with so it's fun for all skill levels!So let's say you're not very quick on the type, well that's okay! Because Typing of the Dead: Overkill also comes with House of the Dead: Overkill, originally for the Wii, then updated for the PS4, now here in its final perfect twenty-episode long fight form. Surprisingly enough, shooting with your mouse is actually very easy AND fun. While it isn't as rapid fire as the original HotD games have been (minus the boss fights, aka DAKADAKADAKADAKADAKA) there's still a fair bit of precision and skill required if you're aiming for high scores (otherwise, just don't stop shooting). Even better, there's online multiplayer for both modes so coupled with adjustable difficulty levels, relatively well-sized levels, lots of unlockables, additional free and paid DLC word packs, and just good old fashioned rail shooting, you really can't go wrong with this game. If you're really on the edge for this game, just wait for a sale, but seriously, it's cheap enough already for a lot of fun."
,Recommended,246580,7803957,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Solitude,Who says educational games can't be fun?
,Recommended,246580,7823571,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Purple Gwemlin,"If you get kicks out of demonstrating skill and prowess at touch typing more than clicky clicky shoot shoot, this game is awesome! The content is ridiculously offensive, but rather tongue-in-cheek. Kill the bad guys with words! Yes!"
,Recommended,246580,7814131,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,1objection,"All the cheesiness of a terrible 70's action movie with the gameplay of an arcade rail-shooter, and although the single player is fun, the multiplayer experiences you can have with your friends is what makes this game a great success."
76561198030292115,Recommended,246580,7818029,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,hardgeus,"I enjoyed the original typing of the dead, as well as the original house of the dead, so I was expecting a similar game here.I was pleasantly surprised by the humorous writing and tight gameplay.  This game is unashamedly styled after Tarantino, and there are numerous nods to Pulp Fiction, Grindhouse etc.I wasn't expecting much of a story, and was again pleased at what I found.  Whlie it is very short, and nothing ""deep,"" by the end I found myself saying, ""What the ♥♥♥♥,"" at how hilariously twisted it became.One thing I really liked is the choice of words to type in given situations.  About 1/2 or so were just random words and phrases, but a good percentage were pertinent to the current scene.  When you were in a Louisiana swamp some of the word choices were ""hotelier,"" and ""decadence.""  When you were in a prison, the words were things like ""Lifetime Loser,"" and ""Rehabilitation.""The mini-games are also very fun, and I can easily see myself replaying the campaign.  8/10."
,Recommended,246580,7516577,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Sepolevne,Yes. Yes. Yes. A thousand times yes. It's feels like an upgraded version of the Dreamcast version. I seriously can't tell you enough why you should spend $10 on this. This is the most fun you'll have typing on the keyboard.
,Recommended,246580,7776496,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Icy Wings,This game is freaking badass and funny!
,Recommended,246580,7778146,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Death_Reaper,"Having played the original Typing of the Dead on PC, I find this version significantly better. There's not a lot of content in it specifically and in some instances it seems way too easy. But at the same time the hilarity and pure ridiculousness of it all makes it completely worth it. Sitting down with a keyboard and typing up ridiculous phrases to watch zombies explode into bits is extremely satisfying. The inclusion of the original House of the Dead: Overkill and the Director's Cut make it even better. A fun game with some great humor and ridiculous typing based combat."
,Recommended,246580,7778797,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zombinater007,"The third (second in America) installment of the cult classic Typing of the Dead is back! I would recommend this game as it is an addictive and replayable touch-type tool... alot better then what you would use in school to learn how to touch type... and If it is not for you, there is the classic version of House of the Dead Overkill for those that just want to use a mouse instead of typing to kill the zombies"
,Recommended,246580,7518310,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,deadlygambit2,"Like Grindhouse style movies? Parodies? How about House of the Dead the series? Then you'll LOVE this  game, as it is an awesome mixture of the three! Typing of the Dead: Overkill offers all of these things in a neat little package, along with the original House of the Dead: Overkill game! You really need to know your grammar, have your memory up to speed, and can type as quickly/accurately as possible! Truly a typing game for adults, and a must have for those wanting something a little odd in their library on Steam!"
76561197970539764,Not Recommended,246580,8373445,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Swesent,"The game poses no challenge other than typing speed/accuracy. The final boss battle was one of the biggest letdowns that I've seen in a game. I was somewhat looking forward to the grand finale, but it turns out that not even WORDS are required in the last fight. Just faceroll + enter and you're done. Glad I bought this game on sale. Had I known about the ending though, I probably wouldn't have bothered even then."
,Recommended,246580,8360534,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jartsev,"Really solid and fun gameplay. The graphics are OK, considering this is a port of a 2009 Nintendo Wii game. But the humor is really low-brow. It's actually embarrassing painful to watch the cut-scenes. Which is a shame, the game could have been perfect, but the cut-scenes ruined the experience for me quite a bit."
,Recommended,246580,8366814,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,dgamgee,"I have been craving for this kind of game since the original Typing of The Dead, and this new one certainly doesn't dissappoint. The developer has done a good job converting shooting into typing action. As a bonus, it also comes with the original PS3 version. Although there is online multiplayer, I haven't been able to find anyone to play with."
,Recommended,246580,8374322,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,catichenor,"Pros: Fun game, and works really well in Parallels on a Late 2012 Retina Macbook.Cons: It'd be nice if they had a censored mode so that I could use it to teach my kid to type. Sure, you could mute it, but having to set the difficulty level to a word for a female dog doesn't exactly get around it. I also miss the heroes running around with keyboard mounts like they did in the original ToTD."
,Recommended,246580,8375137,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,infobiter,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,246580,8381169,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,indiffy,Thankfully you can skip the story which makes this game much more fun and interesting.
,Recommended,246580,10198579,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,ima420r,"This game is wicked fun. Instead of shooting zombies... er, mutants... with the mouse you type words. As they appear on screen a word shows up under them and you type it as fast as you can. The game is exactly like the ""House of the Dead: Overkill"" game, same story and cut scenes, but you just type. The DLC makes for some fun phrases and words too. If you can type, or need to practice, and you love killing zom... mutants, then you should get this game."
,Recommended,246580,10198630,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,cb3000,"It's grindhouse feel to it and it actually is fun to play and you increase your typing speed. If you can type I would recommend this game, it's better online."
,Recommended,246580,10211184,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,chunkluv,"This is pretty fun.  I'm a pretty darn good typist, about 70 words per minute.  I enjoy typing very much, so this game was right up my alley.  Going in with my confidence, it was a bit harder than I thought it would be.  I found if I don't watch my progress on the word displayed, I did much better.  I would just glance at the word then type. When I did mess up, it really messed up my rhythm. The story is cheesy fun with quite a bit of vulgarity."
,Recommended,246580,10211579,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Talako,"some good and some bad,good:more words and dictionariesbad:no touch typing tutorial which the original Typing of the Dead hadoverall: good for typing insanity but not gonna learn how to properly do touchtyping so highest diffculty might be a turn off."
,Recommended,246580,10212197,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,fishrule,"The original Typing of the Dead pulled me out of the darkness of hunt and peck typing way back in 2000, it did what Mavis Beacon and other lesser programs could not. I owe it to Sega to buy this sequel, and don't regret it either. This game is so awesome."
,Recommended,246580,7522520,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,lucklobster,"Not only is this fun to play, but it's hilarious! It's like playing a bad/good 1970's grindhouse movie."
,Recommended,246580,10158793,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Banta,"Meh, it's an alright game. funny and cheesy, but that wears off pretty quickly"
,Recommended,246580,10089862,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Konuko II,"Gotta Love this game! Kill Zombies by typing intrincate sentences like ""Sexual Tyrannosaur"".All kidding aside, the previous TToTD was what taught me to type fast. This game is just great to remember older times and hone down my typing skills.+ It comes with the original House of the Dead: Overkill (The one where you actually shoot a gun)"
,Recommended,246580,10122286,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Krow; the Inanimate Carbon Rod,"Suprisingly really fun game! Makes me wish I had oculus rift so bad. But pick this one up if you're looking for a not-to-serious novelty game, and buy at least one of the DLC's, as the words can start to get repetitive by the sixth level."
,Recommended,246580,13210052,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ProjectGoatMode,"This game is pretty dumb. Worth the $2 or so it was on sale for, but not the normal price. A nice alternative to the boring♥♥♥♥♥typing classes in school. If you are a borderline sociopath and need to learn to type, this is the game for you!"
76561198042213929,Not Recommended,246580,13286674,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,The Moebius,"Under no circumstance should you buy this game. It runs extremly glitchy (assuming you can get it to run at all, I couldn't) and does not even run in 1080p. Instead it uses some sort of sub standard resolution. The game developers seem more intent on releasing 5 dollar TEXT addon's rather than supporting and patching their broken mess of a game. After spending several weeks trying to get this game to run I finally gave up trying. Sega's tech support is slow to respond so if you're one of the unlucky one's who can't get the game to run, don't expect much help."
,Recommended,246580,13126766,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Shenocide,This game is surprisingly good. I actually like the typing version better than the regular one.
76561198040790785,Recommended,246580,13132309,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,cakell09,MUTHA' ♥♥♥♥IN' MAVIS BEACON
,Recommended,246580,13063821,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,The Dankest,gosh darn mothafu**in awesome!!! wow!!! so much better than ever expected!!!! Two agents on a mission to kill!
,Recommended,246580,13121112,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,SAY GAH,"To be honnest, i dont want to hate this game, In fact, I love the other games in the series. From other reviews and footage of the game ive seen, its been perfecly fine. Plus, how the hell can you go wrong with killing zombies by typing stuff like ""UNICORNS"" and ""Sexual Tyrannosaur""? Thats just awesome.However, the major issue with this game is it wont even start up. Every time I open it, im greeted to a black screen, and then it crashes. There really isnt much else i can do to get this game to start, ive re-dowloaded it twice, done all the support tips I can find, nothing works. Im not doing it on a computer that cant handle the game, infact its stonger than the recomended system requirements stated on the steam page. (not that hard to do) The only issue i havent been able to fix is having Nvidia drivers ( which i have updaded to the newest update, didnt fix the issue). However, all of my other games I own work perfectly fine with my driver, so what excuse does that give TOTD:O?To add insult to injury, none of the Sega help desk numbers work (I didnt just try the Australia number, tested everyone. And at different times as well. Every number went directly to beeping), then again, i cant blame them, they are getting compliants everywhere about how trash Sonic Boom: Rise Of Lyric is. Thats another story to cover, but i dont feel murdering the inner child inside that loves Sonic so much.What happned Sega? This game has been out for over a year and you still havent fixed this issue? Youve let me down. I might as well go boot up Mario Teaches Typing instead ( as much as i wish i thought of that first, it already exists). It dosnt have zombie killing action and hilarious lines, but it actally works.EDIT: After at least 40 mins of trying to get the game to work, FINALLY WORKS, and its a hell load of fun. Though i still would not recomend even after all the troubble i had.EDIT EDIT: I might of changed my mind, i swear the music in this is actually freaking awesome, plus the best story ever. Just be aware, this is no complex story, its hell corny but thats whats so great. On top of that, Sega didnt just put The typing of the dead overkill in this game, you also get the house of the dead overkill as well :D Same story, but you can kill zombies with your mouse or controler instead of keyboard. Dont even attempt using controler, you will die every second, but mouse works really well. Im happy both these modes are included, gives me more achievements to hunt for.Would recomend this now. Maybe not for $30, but wait for a steam sale and give it a shot. Just be aware of some bugs with starting the game, but its pretty worth it. Plus my typing has improved a lot just in a coupple of days. So thats awesome :D"
,Recommended,246580,13051939,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Krumm,"Original Typing of the Dead is way better, get that instead."
,Recommended,246580,10199249,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Vahlkor,"Best way to learn how to type :), hahaha"
,Recommended,246580,11840733,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,royalewithcheese,"This game is ridiculous but really funny. Hones your typing skills too and I nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself at some point when you have to battle what seems like the girl from the ring (who can duplicate herself). It's really funny though, play it."
76561198119386556,Not Recommended,246580,11827705,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,I Kick Your Noodles,Too to much swearing and the graphics have gon down hill I highly recommend no getting this game it is barley even on sale it $20 and it doest entertain you in anyway
,Recommended,246580,10930942,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,zombie_slag,"Having played the original on console, I knew I was getting into an on-rails shooter with great humor and horrible language. That's why I liked it the first time.Typing of the Dead is so much more than the original though. The references, both to in-game and out of game topics, that are brought in on the sly while you type are hilarious! It adds an entire new facet to the fun and goofyness of playing an ""of the dead"" game by typing.There's more good to say about it, but instead of me typing it up, you should go buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game and type yourself!"
76561198081102122,Recommended,246580,8675841,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Shadow,"This game is god damn♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fun, especially the director's cut!!! Totally worth 10 bucks!! Be sure to get it!!!!!!"
,Recommended,246580,11870975,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ray.harry,"This is actually two games: a typing practice set to zombie (ahem, mutant) killing, and an on-rails shooter. The grindhouse movie theme is done beautifully, the writing is funny, the satire is spot on. It's just a bonus that you can improve your typing at the same time. Or just play the shooter version, which is good, but not as much fun as on the Wii since you have to use a mouse.Plenty of collectibles for the obsessive, and some inconguous word-packs as DLC. A bit pricey, but if you like the idea of B-grade exploitation movie parody, it's worth it just for that."
,Recommended,246580,11090764,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rowsdower,Did you ever have to take a typing class in middle school or high school and were so bored with the business person talking to you on the computer. Well here is a game makes it fun to type. Not only do you get to shoot down zombies with words but you also get to enjoy one of the most halarious stories I have seen in a while. Five seconds in the game's first cutscene you will laugh and it won't stop till the end.This game also includes House of the Dead Overkill which is the same game but you shoot with the mouse (one handed too). It's not really as fun as acutally using a lightgun but it's there if you want it.For actual use as a typing program you need to enable Hardcore mode becasuse it's the only mode that requires that you type spaces and aphostrophe marks.One minor thing is that the menus take forever to load. If you try to pause it takes 7 seconds before it does and it takes 30 seconds to get to the main menu.
,Recommended,246580,11216015,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,kaitak,"If you've already played the game like I have then there's nothing totally special about this game. You're probably going to want to play The House of The Dead: Overkill instead since it's a lot more fun than the typing counterpart. The gameplay feels fluent with mouse controls, and is a lot more precise. The game contains a lot of vulgar language which should give you a few chuckles, and the story is over-the-top on purpose so don't expect anything else. This game is a pretty fun arcade shooter by itself, and is probably one of the few available for PC."
,Recommended,246580,10316556,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"My first review was a stupid one-liner joke, and i hate such reviews myself, so here's some edit.I remember seeing this game on Dreamcast emulator and couldn't play it because it needs a special Dreamcast keyboard whatever this thing is. So it's a remake for a PC i guess.Overall, i really enjoyed grindhouse feeling and, of course, unique gameplay, it can be very tense on hard  settings.  Hilarious sense of humor, campy dialogue lines, i love everything about it."
76561197961675915,Recommended,246580,10921227,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Syphilis,If you don't get this game then you may as well be Hitler. You don't want to be Hitler do you? Oh... well um... if you don't get this game then I'm going to think mean things about you. You Hitler wannabe. Also this game is amazing!
76561198031151217,Recommended,246580,10922698,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,oO Patriarch Oo,"I f***ing love it :p the tarantinesque setup :p Jules, Vincent versus stephen hawking :p (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ Where is danny trejo (i'm sure he'll come later)I fear zombies/horror flicks, and i'm not a native english speaker, but i f***ing love this game ! I should never have hesitated to buy it ! (lets start lvl 2)."
76561197960911726,Recommended,246580,10897837,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Chicken N Waffles,THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST GAME SINCE SLICED BREAD!!! GET IT NOW!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,246580,10899066,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lionheart,"Unlike most games, the buyer should have a good idea of what he or she is getting here: it's a typing game.  If you want to improve your typing speed, or just enjoy typing, then you'll love this typing-software-with-a-zombie-wrapper.  There is slightly more to this game than that, though: it has very cheesy, but funny, cut scenes, the words you type can be very hilarious, and the overkill edition allows you to shoot using a mouse {like other on-rail shooters).You can pick and choose which DLC you want activated at a time, and also choose the frequency with which the DLC dictionaries appear (up to 100%).  There are mini-games included, too.  All in all, it's a good game that will hold up well over time, as you'll be playing it for typing exercise more than anything.  And I, personally, really enjoy typing!"
,Recommended,246580,10899187,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,mb,yes
76561198010242464,Recommended,246580,10899308,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kanesada[Savi],"Its actual quite an interesting game. Worth about 9/10.Mainly due to its silliness of words, or combination of words that add into something completely ridiclousIts worth a try if you want something new to keep you enterained for a few"
,Recommended,246580,10901856,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,GC_Mike G,Isaac Washington is my hero <3 A++ Husbando Of The Year!!!!
76561198005494134,Recommended,246580,10902987,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Monkey Sparkle,I cannot recommend this game enough. There's no depth to this...it's typing to kill zombies in a B-movie-esque fashion. And it is fantastic at it. Grab it at a discount and you won't be disappointed
,Recommended,246580,11240073,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,RunItGodzira!,"very rude, very raunchy very overdramitic and very entertaining. and if you get bored of the typing part it even icludes the origional hotd overkill game where u can just shoot em normally"
76561198092372471,Recommended,246580,11242574,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,SmellyTang,THIS GAME IS FUN AS HELL! IF YOU ENJOY ZOMBIE GAMES AND/OR FUNNY GAMES GET THIS GAME.ps if you find the typing aspect stupid then you also have the mode where you can use your mouse sao thats a +
,Recommended,246580,10779047,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"""I will type them all to death!""This game in a nutshell. It's freaking hilarious.Also - for anyone curious how to pick up anything shiny or sparkly in each level, spam the Tab key. Game doesn not mention this so there's a possibility you can go through a level and not pick up items since the game never says this."
76561198011009456,Recommended,246580,11007196,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Eggdrasil,Great if you like cheesy comedy and want to improve your words per minute
76561198006862545,Recommended,246580,10339448,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,huntedfalcon,10/10 Would type again.
,Recommended,246580,12277165,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Astori Heichalot,"Most swearing game in Guiness World Record 2009,ridiculous phrases to type,stupid zombies,stupid characters,stupid country music,non-stop uncencored swearings,10/10definately will keep playing"
76561198002401174,Recommended,246580,11476493,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Joe_Jack,"For those of us who are fans of arcade rail shooters, the house of the dead series, zombies, or if you just want to improve your typing speed"
76561198096638360,Recommended,246580,11472761,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Cookie,Pump action yoghurt rifle10/10
,Recommended,246580,11448660,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Fab-U-lous!,"It's a typing game... filled with little cult easter eggs, and revolves around parodying the b-rated grindhouse horror zombie movie genre... It's so good in how bad it is at times, with tons of f-bombs!"
,Recommended,246580,11298288,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[PPG] tr0nb0nne,"Eat your heart out, Mavis Beacon.10/10"
76561198116953964,Recommended,246580,11173579,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,VulpineCloud,"Fun game, and i love how you can switch to the regular house of the dead also"
76561197991980070,Recommended,246580,11151143,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Duckmaster,You type things dead. A simple fun game when you got nothing to do. And with options for serious typers
,Recommended,246580,11156592,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,SmartSuka,"This is a pretty unique game for improving typing. Pretty twisted story, and worth playing a few times over. Its a great way to mix things up for your gaming library."
76561198040415023,Recommended,246580,11157789,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,LiquidCooled,"it's like pulp fiction, with typing.  and zombies.  what else is there."
,Recommended,246580,11160887,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Southpaw,LEARN WORDS SHOOT ZOMBIES STARE DOWN SOME WOMEN.BETTER FPS THAN COD.
,Recommended,246580,9896846,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Blackfoxninja,"Think your typing sucks? Want to improve your typing skills while blasting Zombies, then get typing of the Dead overkill, I have so much fun typing out crazy words and sentences. The cast is pretty funny also. Get the DLC packs, mostly the filth pack so you can type out things like ""We don't bang grandma"" and other crazy things. I really recommand this game for the laughs!"
,Recommended,246580,9897231,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,«Dustie»_★Xeno•Bunny★,"Rather novel game, get a few laughs from some of the words that come up. Could be a good way to improve your typing while having some fun."
,Recommended,246580,9897740,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,kogyblack,"Nice game. But the original The Typing of The Dead from many years ago had so many more features...This one lacks all the learning stuff and mini-games that teach you how to type fast and also monitor your progress..Not a bad game tho. But if it had all the learning stuff the other one have, it would be so better!"
,Recommended,246580,9845358,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,CryoG,"I like that game, especially since they fixed the freeze in act two - there is no real story to speak of, it is basically just you getting ready to get your fingers working for some flawlessly typed headshot - great mindless (no pun intended) zombie shooting fun. Highly recommended, despite its having the compulsory zombie like targets."
,Recommended,246580,10077913,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,SkiMask-VLG,"I absolutely love this game, I bought it on PC just so I could play the original House Of The Dead: Overkill again and was pleasently surprised. The game is Typing of The Dead Overkill, and has a rework of HOTD: Overkill, the PS3 version, and it is amazing. Definitely worth the buy, this game has been one of my favorites since its release."
,Recommended,246580,10078284,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[VIOLENCE KILLER]GUI,"Your enjoyment of this game will depend on how much you like the grindhouse presentation and humor. Personally I found the straight-faced B-movie presentation of the originals (which aren't on Steam unfortunately) to be much better. The humor has its moments but its biggest issue is how it overextends all its jokes during cutscenes until they aren't funny anymore.The gameplay is fine despite some of the words starting to repeat half-way through and it also includes the original rail-shooter version of the game which you can play with a mouse.The graphics are very, very dated, but keep in mind that this is a port of a game that is a port of one made for the Nintendo Wii back in 2009."
,Recommended,246580,10220004,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Abev,"A great game, if you know what you're getting in to. This game strays away from the tone set by the other games in the House of the Dead/Typing of the Dead series by practically being a parody of zombie action films. If you're a fan of movies like Sean of the Dead of Zombieland (or really any movie that delivers zombie killing in a lighthearted manner), you'll love this game. And for the people afraid that they're not fast enough of typers, the game even includes the original House of the Dead: Overkill! I've never played a light gun game on PC before this, but the smooth and excellent control configuration for the mouse makes me wonder why we don't see more of this genre on Steam.If you're looking for some insane zombie killing while you type away, look no further."
,Recommended,246580,10823256,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GH05ト,"Typing of the dead is ridiculous, but really fun to play co-op with a friend! I never knew typing could be a contact sport..."
76561198047506129,Recommended,246580,8099343,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Dirk,"I highly recommend this to anyone who wants practice getting better at typing. Imagine using your keyboard to shoot zom...I mean mutants' heads off. The background behind this game is that it is a spinoff from the main House of the Dead franchise and possibly a prequel before the first game. Unlike the main games, though, this one comes packed with plenty of swearing (do not say I did not warn you).The few complaints I have about this game is the multiplayer. I wish there was a local setting so I could plug in another keyboard. A few more include enemies glitching into scenes and enemies having no words, making them invincible. Last but not least, I have some issues with no words appearing right before a enemy/boss attacked. This gave me no chance in getting in a hit, and i would have to wait until I got hit.Other than those downsides, I believe most of the glitches happen if you play on Hardcore mode. Just play the game normally and you will have a blast!"
76561198044336273,Recommended,246580,8185525,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bark-n-moo,Like Mario Teaches Typing with zombies.9/10
76561198036032830,Recommended,246580,8187047,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Swati,It's fun if you enjoy typing. I am not a big fan of the vulguar language all over the place. Would have preferred something with a different gentre (i.e. not killing undead/zombies).
,Recommended,246580,8007792,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,faildozer,"Typing of the Dead: Overkill has been the most absurdity driven fun I've had in quite some time.  I doesn't take itself seriously at all, and runs rather smoothly.  There are a few bugs here and there, but they don't take away from the fun of it.  If you have some friends who also play, it can really get competitive just going for each other's scores.If you love entertaining, Buddy-Cop B-movie Over-the-top levels of action and sarcastic dialog with generic badass actors and script, this game is a perfect homage to such movies and will have you grinning ear to ear with satisfaction at how it doesn't take itself seriously at all."
,Recommended,246580,7985386,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,PushMyGran,I great take on a old school classic. Using your keyboard as gun is probably more fun that it sounds. Deffiently recommend!
,Recommended,246580,8247048,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mendu,"This game makes me happy in ways that probably shouldn't be legal. Also makes me strangely miss my Dreamcast...If you think the premise of this game sounds fun, buy the sh*t out of this title; you won't regret it."
,Recommended,246580,8290905,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Doctor Smiles,"This game is pretty good, and the campiness of it all makes even better. However, Detective Washington has to be one of the more annoying characters I've seen in a game recently. On the flipside, it's pretty cool that the game contains a standard ""House of The Dead"" mode in addition to the featured Typing."
76561198022247645,Recommended,246580,8235262,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Brain Gcoo Banana Goop Mush,"Fun Game to spend the casual time while you get skilled at typing ""z""ome s'ombie brains!!! and if not you can always go use your mouse and splat it backwards."
76561198107833614,Recommended,246580,8272709,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bribableacorn,Great game. Especially as it containts the original version too. not that its helped my typing much.
,Recommended,246580,7523610,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,lucasrizoli,"I enjoy this follow up to the Dreamcast/PC Typing of the Dead, of which I played countless hours. Typing accurately and quickly is engaging and yet kinda mindless; as with Tetris, I hit a sweet spot in TTOTD:O where I'm playing without thinking about what I'm doing—and it's satisfying.The grindhouse style of the game is perhaps worth sitting through once, and can be skipped in future playthroughs. It's well done, but come to it for the typing, not the cussing and clevage."
76561197965506515,Recommended,246580,8346304,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,/null,"Funny game - as long as you don't expect a great story or better graphics than some years ago. Some levels or bosses need more coordination than fast typing - that could mean some frustration - some bonus objects are only a second available, but if you start once you can't stop typing.The game isn't that hard at all, the mini-games some additional fun, some words (or word combinations) you type will make you lough.Don't try to beat the high-scores, some seem to be cheated (how can i get 999.999 when most are lower than 100.000?)"
,Recommended,246580,21896537,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,benniinnii,practice for pro typing...hahaha :D :D
,Recommended,246580,21856228,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Mr.Esuba,Uses ease of access keyboard 10/10
,Recommended,246580,21869296,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Maria47127,Way better than the typing games I grew up with!
,Recommended,246580,21781759,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PrincessYoku,The music is A+
,Recommended,246580,21686553,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Blue Uterus,Simply amazing!
,Recommended,246580,21758549,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Tengu,Yes
,Recommended,246580,21850174,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Companion Cube,"If you love hearing cheesy and hilarious B-movie dialogues, then this is for you. They perfected the style that they wanted to achieve: a bloody, terrible B-movie classic. Don't take the story seriously; it was never intended to rival Bioshock or Mass Effect in the writing department. As for the gameplay, this game will definitely help you type faster. It's a unique way to revamp an extremely linear game like the House of the Dead, while still keeping the experience fresh. If you want classic HOTD then no worries, you can switch to the original right on the main menu."
76561198042815080,Recommended,246580,21823621,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,__mKkKm__,- Absolutely hilarious ...- hi-mother!@#$ing-what ?!:D
,Not Recommended,246580,21854755,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,CharismaticPanda,"As fun as the arcade game is and as much as I like the idea of typing Mutants to death the constant sound drops and missing parts of monsters (as in graphical bugs) broke the fun for me, if the issues were everfixed I'd enjoy the game lots more."
76561198236865180,Recommended,246580,25303050,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Beedog1221,Super fun typing game! Mods make it more fun as well
,Recommended,246580,25576062,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ShadowLover666,"Filled with swearing, gore, cheesy lines, and the original version of House of The Dead: Overkill with a variety of weapons and upgrades.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,246580,25646327,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Ivory_Soul,"The Good: Two modes in one game, cheesy dialog and voice acting makes the game funnier, crazy monstersThe Bad: Ugly and dated visuals, playing through the game twice may seem boring, extras not worth unlockingThe House of the Dead was a hit zombie light gun game back in the 90's in the arcades. This huge Sega hit spawned a game called Typing of the Dead that featured Agent G and heroes wielding keyboards instead of guns. The game was highly addictive as words and sentences popped up on enemies. If you typed everything correctly the zombie would die. A reimagining using the Wii hit House of the Dead: Overkill takes the main game and turns it into a keyboard typing fest and it's a blast.The story and voice acting is intentionally left to be cheesy to make fun of the absolutely abysmal voice acting from the original games. It adds a comedy factor. While it's not nearly as bad as previous games it's still enough to bring back memories. Agent G and Washington are after a man named Papa Caesar who has somehow killed Washington's father and released a zombie virus among the world. Along the way you meet various characters, but non of them are really memorable. The wacky story and over the top adult content such as swearing and gore is a blast.The game is on rails like any light gun shooter. As zombies pop up you just type away with what you see. Each level is unique with its own themed zombies and bosses. The zombies are well done and the game can be some times down right gross. The bosses are both funny and disgusting to look at, but overall the typing portion of the game is only as difficult as your typing skills permit. Thankfully you don't have to include punctuation or anything like that. Just type what you see as fast as you can. Some times you have to save civilians for more points, but outside killing zombies there's nothing else in the levels. If you spam the Tab key you can get all the hidden extras which makes it much easier to unlock everything.Thankfully this is only half the game. The other half is the actual light gun game using the mouse to shoot. Basically it's two games in one, but if you play through one it will be tough to get through another due to repetition. It's not like you can choose another ending or go down multiple paths. The game is really only good for one play through unless you are extremely bored. The extras aren't really anything worth unlocking either.For what it is the game offers a lot of content for the small price, but playing through the game twice in different modes just doesn't seem appealing for the amounts of cheese the game layers on.~Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,246580,25613239,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,squidarthur,"*Effective, engaging typing mechanic with a varied and often humorous word-bank.*Delightfully cheesy music, story, and design (think exploitation pastiche meets Sega arcade excess.)*Unlockable weapons, assets, game modes and a levelling system to keep things interesting.I'm a fan of the original HoTD, but picked this up strictly for the typing. I was pleasantly surprised by just about every aspect of the game. Updates to HoTD include a bolted-on (and somewhat irrelevant) unlock/levelling system, a new story and characters, and a multicolored galaxy of funny and grotesque new assets. I would have liked fewer, more significant, unlockables and more variety in the typing mechanics of the boss fights, but the deliberately silly story and dialogue worked for me. Likewise, the gross-out visuals and overall aesthetic, which is remarkably consistent and well-executed throughout. Shooting on rails may feel flat to some, but here the level design seldom misses a trick and the colorful remake injects a lot of verve. Add to that the surprisingly effective typing mechanic (my touch-typing skills have definitely improved) and you have a unique gem of a game."
,Recommended,246580,25469314,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Trixie,"Funny and Educational! BUT IN A GOOD WAY!Somehow this game comes off as a cheesy while also mantaining a reely cool feel. It's fun to take this game if your good at typeing, or if you are looking to get good at typeing in the most exiting way you can.Those years with Mavas Becon are finally paying off to save the world from ZAMBIES!!!"
,Recommended,246580,22746600,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,"Actually helped me learn how to type. And the workshop keyboard packs are ♥♥♥♥ing genius. Have fun. The line delivery can get old fast, though."
76561198061693524,Recommended,246580,12957311,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,FunkyFloris,"Nice make-over of the original arcade game, I remember playing that in a casino or something a long long time ago, it brings back good memories...The typing is just great, fun and smooth to play!A really fun and nostalgic game that brings back those memories."
76561198055338667,Recommended,246580,22071974,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Majima Jeff,"I can make the game's dictionary literally anything I want, as I type to kill in a hilariously cheesy parody of exploitation filmsYes, please, motherf*cker."
76561198212511956,Recommended,246580,21941439,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,chaosletsplayer094,"I love The House of The Dead seires I always have and I would love to see The House of the Dead 1, 2, 3 and 4 on steam too even and the typing of the dead: overkill with the PS3 version of the game is well worth it i just hope they bring the others on here too and i think the fans would love to see that happen even me."
,Recommended,246580,21933865,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dynamite Stepphy,It's mother♥♥♥♥ing good!
76561198188103167,Recommended,246580,21911866,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,pete.davidarden,"You know the game you're always waiting for a price drop on? This was mine. Hastily bought it when the price finally plummeted last week. It's everything I hoped it would be. It's like a playable over-the-top B-movie, cheesy and full of daft violence. It's great fun furiously hammering the keyboard as you panic while a horde of zombies runs towards you. Only played the story mode on ""Agent"" difficulty so far, but I'm not done yet - got all the silly DLC (Shakespeare?) too, so I'll be clocking up some more hours on it yet.Great way to relax after a day stuck in the office, er, typing..."
,Recommended,246580,10500096,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Col. Mustard,"For a game that I have been waiting for a long long time to see a new release from the orginal concept, I have to say I'm some what bemused. Sure, the game play is just like the first, practicing how to type fast in order to survive zombie attacks, the exacution of this was trying too hard to be over the top. I guess it fine that the game is trying to be like a Quentin Tarantino film, but the wink to the audience is really annoying. This is one of those games that wants to be over the top like ""Sharknado"", rather than being bad naturally like ""The Room"". If your into that, you'll have fun with this, but I play with the sound off now. it's just the rush of loosing time and time again I wanted out of this, so I can pretent I'm succeding at touch typing.6/10"
76561198043708369,Recommended,246580,10589133,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,darkkeeper,Absolutely horrible dialog...I'm not sure if they were trying to be funny or what but it's not entertaining in the least in my opinion. It's also possible it's just not my type of humor.  Other than that the game is solid and fun to play.
,Recommended,246580,10640156,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,sasquatchwing,"Quite possibly the silliest and most hilariously offensive game I've ever played.  One of the protagonists drops the f-bomb like it's going out of style, there are ethnic, sexual, and various other stereotypes abound, and let's just say the term ""Mother F@#$%^$"" holds meaning near the end.  A guilty pleasure to be sure, and having the orignal shoot-em-up version alongside the typing game makes this a pretty sweet deal"
76561197996762422,Recommended,246580,10694683,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Belldandy,"Do you like typing? Do you like exploitation films? You'll probably love this game! The typing mechanics seem to be a little off, the amount of time given some words or phrases seems to be badly thought out sometimes, but over-all a fun game that can help improve your typing skillz. Love the add-on dictionaries as well!"
,Not Recommended,246580,9186829,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,NamelessHero2222,"Don't get me wrong. I LOVE me some TotD, and giving this title a thumbs-down was not an easy decision for me to make.TotD: Overkill, based on the extended version of House of the Dead: Overkill, features 4 main characters: Agent G, Detective Washington, Varla Guns, and Candi Stryper. With bullets and F-bombs, they fight their way through hordes of zombies (er, mutants) to take down the man behind the infestation.There are 9 chapters in the campaign and 2 game modes: Typing of the Dead and House of the Dead. In Typing of the Dead, each enemy has a word or phrase attached to them, and you need to type the word/phrase in order to kill that enemy. There are 3 difficulty levels and a Hardcore Mode which requires you to type the spacebar in phrases containing more than one word (normally, you can ignore spaces). In House of the Dead you use the mouse or a controller to move a cursor around the screen and shoot. You can also buy different guns and upgrades using money found in the levels. I've beaten the whole story in TotD but not HotD, so most of my points below are directed toward TotD.What I like:+ The tiered combo system is a nice improvement from the old combo bar in the first TotD.+ Throughout each level, you can find different unlockables which include 3D character models, posters, and pieces of music that are accessible through the game's main menu.+ Some of the words that you type are unique to each level, like carnival-related phrases in the carnival level or law-related phrases in the prison level, which I think is a nice touch.What I don't like:- The story and presentation is clearly a tongue-in-cheek parody on cheesy action movies (deep-voiced narrator with corny puns, characters dropping the F-bomb every 10 seconds, lots of explosions, etc.), but the humor in that falls off pretty fast as the game goes on.- Even on ""Motherf*cker"" difficulty, it's pretty easy. The later levels only feel slightly harder than the earlier levels, and (light SPOILERS) the final boss battle is creative but very anticlimatic.- The House of the Dead game mode is a nice feature to have, but I don't think the mouse cursor has the same precision and accuracy as a light gun, making the experience a bit frustrating.- There are numerous graphical and audio glitches.- All civilian encounters have mini-cutscenes, making them feel more scripted and less spontaneous, which (in my opinion) defeats the purpose of having civilians.Overall, I'd be lying if I said that it's not fun. However, I think it's worth closer to $10-$15 rather than its current $20 pricetag."
,Recommended,246580,10800590,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,tarmacx,Pretty great game. Missing french language. I mean the story is subtitled but all the words are in english no matter what you select. It would be easier but it's managable.
76561198073317656,Recommended,246580,10672941,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,andrewhuyvu,I play this game when I'm in a boring seminar or class. Makes it look like I'm taking a lot of notes
,Recommended,246580,10813022,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Swanky Boots,"Loads of fun, fast acting typing. Although punctuation doesn't matter, it'd certainly make it harder."
76561197982915190,Recommended,246580,10699563,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WolfsDragoon,"This game is bad. No, really.That being said, it's bad in the same way the starship troopers trilogy ended up bad. A similar way that the tremors movies are bad (just not as good of a bad as either of these examples)...There is a lot of profanity in the ""cut scenes"", so I only recommend for those without sensitive ears...How's the gameplay? Well, it can probably help you type a bit faster (I actually find the hardest mode with the shakespearean [sic] dlc to be good practice. So if you compare to other typing games, good. If you compare to other non-typing games it's pretty meh.If you can get it cheap, I say go for it."
,Recommended,246580,10607775,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dr_g00f [Ubuntu],Extremely good Game!Funny story in 80-movies-style and great gameplay!
,Recommended,246580,10754721,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Belial-,"Typing of the Dead: Overkill is a modification to the original House of the Dead: Overkill, but instead of being an on-rail arcade shooter, it's a typing game. There really isn't much to say about the game seeing as a lot of reviewers already wrote about the wonders of this typing game, but if you want me to say something about the game, then well, you type s**t to kill s**t. But really, if you're looking for something different or just want to practice your typing while taking out zom- err... mutants, then this game is worth looking into. This game also happens to come with the PC port of the HOTD: Overkill (so you know you got plenty of back for your buck).Having played all of the games in the HOTD series, Overkill is definitely the odd one out. Gameplay mechanics are different now that you are free to use various upgradeable guns and that you now have a health bar rather than having a set amount of lives. The animation seemed to have changed to a more ""cartoon-esque"" (or less ""serious""? I really don't know how to describe it, but definitely different) style. Humour is helluvalot more over-the-top and vulgar compared to the main games; and when I say vulgar, I mean really motherf*****g vulgar, motherf****r! Even the soundtrack doesn't quite fall under the definition of the typical HOTD sound, though its still catchy.That being said, as a fan of the series, HOTD: Overkill is definitely not a black sheep. Sure, its lot different, but I personally found the game to be hilarious all the way through (though your mileage may vary). Now if only I could use a lightgun....."
,Recommended,246580,10749440,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dom,Keyboard Warrior 10/10
76561198093274573,Recommended,246580,10879427,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,elliedellow,Amazing!
76561198050365974,Recommended,246580,10657076,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,H_Robyn,A great game I can see myself playing for many hours especially with the DLC added into the game. A must have game which tests your keyboard skills to the max!
76561198087768780,Recommended,246580,22114926,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,rahepp76,"This game sucks you into the action.  At first you think, yeah whatever it is just typing; but you end up trying to be really fast and sometimes you make mistakes because you're so focused on not getting eaten by the ZOMBIES!  Plus it has this Quentin Tarantino feel on the story and visual.  I mean of course his movies would be better graphics, but this isn't a movie it is a low priced typing game.  A lot of fun for me!  My husband always likes to watch me play.  Boss fights are fun too."
,Recommended,246580,7552728,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,CommodoreKong,Do you ♥♥♥♥ing like light gun games? Or ♥♥♥♥ing typing games? Then buy this mother♥♥♥♥ing game right ♥♥♥♥ing now.
,Recommended,246580,22394051,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,FactoriesFarAway,"I do recommend this game, but trust me when I say this, buy it on sale, don't buy it for its full price. I completed both Typing of the Dead AND House of the Dead's story modes, and watched all the cutscenes once, and the game is just over 2 hours long, about 5 hours to play both House and Typing and to watch all the cutscenes.If you're a completionist, however, there's a lot to collect and you can play the game again in hard mode, but personally I don't have much interest in collecting all the concept art, it kind of just artificially lengthens the game to me. It's actually comparable to Lollipop Chainsaw in that sense, really short game which was intended to be played over and over again to unlock new things, but for non-completionists... Just comes across as a short game.I actually feel bad for whichever sucker bought this game for full price on Wii when it came out, considering it would've had LESS content."
,Recommended,246580,15134474,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,bise241,"The funnest part of this game is the last episode. All of the game was awesome, but i felt like I was legitamately watching a sequel to ""planet terror"" on that last episode. A shorty but a goodie. Get it on sale. (only because of low replay value)"
,Recommended,246580,15135042,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,adams071,"i never knew a game like this existied and im happy that i got it, teaches you how to type without looking at your hands. just got it today so i am still super slow at typing but i will get better once i play it more and more. over all great game for beginners to learn how to type and it takes time"
76561198183070162,Recommended,246580,14952491,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Cutfunkler,"This game is a ton of fun. It's like an old school arcade zombie shooter with typing with some fun sayings.  Definately worth it, plus it comes with the original so you can do some real shooting as well! The grindcore movie style makes it super funny and worth watching the cut scenes.  Highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,246580,15120095,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Blackberry Saber,Good game.
76561198169386206,Recommended,246580,15120537,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jaws00007,"people, you get to type the brains out of  the dead's!!! this is the most best typerpractic out there"
,Recommended,246580,15122957,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Leviathon,"""Type like a MOTHERF*****ER""Well said."
,Recommended,246580,15109024,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Ryuke [TBM α],"Resurrected like a Zo-... Mutant, this is the game I've been waiting for since I first played the original Typing of the Dead on the Dreamcast. Terrible dialog, terrible action sequences, terribly suggestive characters, it's a veritable mountain of types of terror! Suffer like G did."
,Recommended,246580,15111306,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,BallsDeep69,Mother ♥♥♥♥er!!!
,Recommended,246580,15112758,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Doomguy500,"Amazing game,also comes with the house of the dead overkill"
,Recommended,246580,15114221,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Champion Skye,This game is so fun! I enjoyed every second of it. The humor is on point as well. Wonderfully offensive and a bundle of joy.
,Recommended,246580,15115144,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dark,"Most fun I have had at my computer for months. Filled up with games over Christmas and almost all of them were very ""meh"" but got this on the Sega sale and really enjoying it.Does not take its self seriously and enjoyed every minute."
76561198209874228,Recommended,246580,14897732,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Half-Baked Hero,"I personally love the House of the dead arcade games;Simple,Classic and this typing game is a great educational game that makes learning how to speed type fun. I haven't played enough of the story line to judge but im already loving the Quentien Tarintino style cut scenes, quite humorous. Easy ten out of ten for me! 10/10"
,Not Recommended,246580,15087145,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,SMFC[Let's Speak English],"this game seems way more interesting until you rty it, got bored after 20 minsthere is not much to it, you just type words, thats all, there are not even fun cutscenes or funny story, you just type thats all, 100% boring"
,Recommended,246580,15096492,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,GhostGloz,"Kill zombies by typing. You will need to type as fast as possible to stay alive. I enjoy typing which makes me love this game even more. I love the fact that when I don't need to look at the keyboard , while I was using it.This game help / push you if you wanna improved your typing skills. ( Not just that , mainly to enjoy the game of course)."
76561198027517135,Recommended,246580,15098941,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Amor Paternal,"It's worht playing, it's fun, and witha  friend stuff can only get better!"
76561198005654994,Recommended,246580,7778737,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Anton Chigurh,"Just downloaded the Multiplayer DLC- very flaky, in fact didn't really work. Barely managed to play one of the side show training with my brother and that was after a few connection/disconnection attempts.Couldn't play story mode at all.Hopefully an update will fix this instability. Haven't touched the game otherwise- I bought it for the multiplayer!"
,Recommended,246580,7521680,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,cqdemal,"Stand up. Find a mirror, preferably a big one. Look into your own eyes.Ask yourself: ""Why don't I have this game already?""Sigh deeply. Sit down. Buy. There is no other valid course of action."
,Recommended,246580,7632952,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,CriminalVampire,"This game is more fun that it has any right to be. The typing mechanic somehow makes everything much more intense and frantic than a simple ""point and shoot"" style. Plus, online co-op is coming soon!Some of the most fun $10 I've spent on Steam, by far."
76561198025725342,Recommended,246580,7760864,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bangedaardvark,"If you're looking for just a fun, silly game, then this is it. Furthermore, if you need typing practice, then this is an entertaining way to improve your typing skills. Although the graphics aren't something to boast about, the pure intention of this game is to make the player have fun, which it does correctly."
76561198044196973,Recommended,246580,7514379,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Marauderz,"So swearing, so much typing, so good!"
,Recommended,246580,7533864,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Oddbrother,You type to kill mutants... all over again! And it's been a long time since you've done that. Right?
,Recommended,246580,7771935,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Eos333,"This is, without a doubt, the best money I have ever spent on Steam. Not only is this game hilarious and fun, it's educational. That is right folks, I said education AND fun. Typing of the Dead takes everything that is great about grindhouse films and smashes it together with the Zombie genre.With a multiple game modes, new languages and difficulty modes there is an endless amount of replayability. I picked this game up while it was on sale and it has improved my typing spead dramatically. I would highly recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,246580,7525527,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,RiffRaff,"If you love schlock, f-bombs, and typing you must play this game.  Not as amazing as the original, but still a f'n blast to play."
,Recommended,246580,7753137,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,KraphtyLexi,"I was a huge fan of The House of the Dead: Overkill on my Wii a few years back so this hilarious game brings back great memories!I started playing straight away on the hardest difficulty, which turned out to be perfect for me. The words are random enough that you don't feel like you're typing the same phrases too often, and I've definitely come across a few weird words that I had never heard or seen before which makes it that little more interesting.I do think that you really need to enjoy typing (and be fast with a low margin of error) to enjoy this game. My brother really doesn't like it as he's not as good at it as I am.All in all, this one isn't for everyone, but if you like it, you'll love it!"
76561198065884470,Recommended,246580,7753227,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,hypersonic2310,"The Typing of the Dead Overkill. It is an epic game for hardcore players and what's better is that it still has the original House of the Dead Overkill fully playable. You use your keyboard to type words, phases or abreviations to kill the zombies!"
,Recommended,246580,7553504,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Haarberger,"Had the other one for the Wii, and to see it being released on Steam, Darn amazing! If you're the type that laughs the most at obscure kind of jokes, then you'll love this, Isaac with his mf in every phrase + Agent G's kinda, yeah coolness, fills this game totally with the unique gameplay of typing, I mean, who doesn't want to kill a zombie by writing something stupid? Get this game if you fit in, it will make your life."
,Recommended,246580,7756035,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Culebra 64,"This game is ugly, weird, bizarre, simple, and coarse.Buy it.It's a trip."
,Recommended,246580,7743083,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Meaningful Hog,"I'm slightly unsure as to whether I recommend it or not, but overall I've had more enjoyment out of the game than frustrations. However, that that is something I've had to quantify is a pretty clear sign that this game has its problems.The original The House of the Dead: Overkill wasn't a great game. The dialogue, while clearly intended to play off of the camp of old b-movie horror flicks, still gets grating and unfunny quite quickly. The shooting itself is of course serviceable, but the fact that the game is on rails, and that the camera has a tendency to jerk around without warning makes you very liable to miss shots and lose your combo unless you know exactly when the camera movements come in. The music is decent, but is very simple and gets pretty uninteresting after a bit.All that said, the core enjoyment I got out of the Typing of the Dead: Overkill version of the game offsets most of the frustrations. As a typing game it's very fun, at least if you're really into typing games. If typing games aren't quite your thing, this probably isn't what you're looking for."
76561197972109459,Recommended,246580,7765995,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,marcanum,"Let's shoot the elephant in the room first, guys.  In terms of language, premise, and treatment of female characters - this game is a full 31 different flavors of wrong.  It puts the over the top grindhouse aesthetic into an Indy Jones minecart and sends it careening down the tracks at breakneck speed to burst through a wall already starting to explode with 5 tons of C4. That's how flat out wrong it is.   Consider yourself duly warned if you're unfamiliar with Overkill from the real world setting.That said : I'm a fan of the Typing of the Dead treatments of the House of the Dead games.  I bought this largely on the strength of the first 'Typing of the Dead' experience, which was good silly zombie killing fun.  I'm a fairly accurate typist, so it was fun diversion and I was glad to see more of the same available on Steam.So do we have zombies to kill? Check.Do we have absurd and fun things to type to kill the zombies? Check.Are there lots of them? Check. There are indeed. Several container ship's worth of zombies to kill.  All kinds of check.Entertaining boss battles?    Semi-check.  So-so. The original ""Typing of the Dead''s boss fights took the absurdist typing up a few notches, giving you full sentences to type to inflict damage.  Overkill's boss battles are largely more standard zombie kill words with a fancy setpiece. So that was a little disappointing.  I will say this, though - the boss mechanic does get changed up entertainingly for the final conflict. That one I enjoyed.Do we see our protagonists running around with comedy keyboards to type on hanging from their necks?  Sadly - no, we do not.Do we have the option to use the mouse as a targeting reticule?  Well, yes. But I have fully no clue why you'd want to when the word 'Typing' is in the title...At the end of the day, your enjoyment of Overkill will likely hinge on two things : Can you enjoy a game where typing accuracy is a game feature, and can you get past the content issues noted above?Ultimately I found the game was enjoyable enough.  I rolled my eyes at more than a few things, though, and this isn't a game I'd break out for a mixed company party. I even laughed at some of it.I just wasn't always very proud of that."
,Recommended,246580,8396046,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kris,This game is great! Cinematics are hilarious also.
,Recommended,246580,8401665,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Captain Sugarcream,"After playing the original Typing of the Dead (really really old SEGA game based on a really old House of the Dead), I was thrilled to have it back again, but this time, with the bugs ironed out! Great typing game with the fun and story of House of the Dead. Would easily recommend this game to almost anyone who can use a keyboard (although the storyline could be a little over the top/PG for some).One tiny thing is the co-op play is ever so slightly difficult to use (not sure if it's network problems, some mysterious and badly-timed cut-outs) and they should probably think about having voice chat enabled in-game, because alternating between Steam's chat boxes and trying to kill zombies in-game (all  with the same keyboard) is a little bit difficult!Overall, fantastic game."
76561198007986058,Not Recommended,246580,8129450,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,MyGrandfather,bought it when i came out and they still havn't fixed the launching issue with the game that lots of people are having. This is the only game i have every had problems with on steam. This is why i would never recemmend this game to someone. p.s original was fun.
,Recommended,246580,23511593,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,JMac,"Over the top characters and a plot that's on par with a movie you'd see at midnight on a weekend, it's a pure schlock fest thats too good to pass up."
,Recommended,246580,13534693,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dank Meme,"It's the perfect game. You need to use a controller, which is the biggest letdown. (That's a joke)Anyway, the game is intentionally supposed to be a ""B"" movie with a lame story, overacting, and over the top action and locations.If you're easily offended by bad language or violence, then stay away. Everyone else, this is a great sequel to the Dreamcast (and later PC) game. The vulgarity and violence, extremely moronic characters bring the world of cheese to a new level."
76561198027568081,Recommended,246580,21046982,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,DO YOU REMEMBER LINGERIE,Typing of The Dead plus HOTD: Overkill equals very yes *types at all the zombies* pew pew
,Recommended,246580,16494041,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,D A V E,"A zombie came up with the word ""error"" and then my game crashed - 11/10"
76561198163103806,Recommended,246580,18966307,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rod,"Love this game!  Mavis typing and the Walking Dead had a baby, this would be it!!"
76561198001608582,Recommended,246580,8447974,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Avarice,pretty hard but awesome very planet terror and did i say awesome
76561198122087661,Recommended,246580,20479603,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Plague Doctor,"It's good and funny with a twist of Drawn Together Humor. If you're not a fan of the typing aspect, then just go for the main game. The game itself is fine however there are alot of graphical glitches from the Zombies themselves."
,Recommended,246580,20474581,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Hato,Mavis Beacon: Zombie Hunter
76561198085140206,Not Recommended,246580,20473803,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,social re...... start,"This game does not even open for me, i played it on my old laptop which was really bad and now doesnt work on my new one which is so much better and faster. opens and crashes straight away. its a good game if you can play it, if you CAN play it, if not then boo"
,Recommended,246580,20516670,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,tresslerdrew,"Granted I've played little of this game, but was wondering how to get to the traditional FPS part of the game?"
,Not Recommended,246580,19989642,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,I HAVE THE HIGH GROUND!,The game doesn't work for a lot of people.The game legitimately doesn't open for me and It doesn't let me close it from processes.Thanks.
,Not Recommended,246580,19992347,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,GNU/Clifforus,"This game does not properly support AMD cards, resulting in incredibly distracting graphical glitches. On any GPU vendor, you will not be able to run this game above 720p without modding, and even WITH modding, it will not go above 1080p. To anyone recommending this game despite encountering these issues: tongue-in-cheek humour is NOT an excuse for selling a broken product."
,Recommended,246580,20020737,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Hobojim,"When the zombie apocalypse hits, all of you idiots are going to be scrambling for your Glocks and your Desert Eagles, meanwhile I'll be safe and sound holed up with my Logitech."
76561198030493630,Recommended,246580,20576338,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Cell,"The game is hilarious fun. The dialogue, characters, and storyline are ridiculous and they add to the game's charm. The gameplay is both entertaining and challenging with a high-replayability. Lots of fun, a really cool concept, and often laugh-out-loud funny."
,Recommended,246580,20602800,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short The Typing of the Dead: Overkill review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 13 hours (includes repeat plays of earlier levels to improve)Played multiplayer? NoWorth revisiting? Yes, various difficulty levels and many alternate dictionaries of words to sink your teeth intoBest part – Genuinely improves your touch typing ability. (Hey, I just wrote this entire review with touch typing thanks to this game!)Worst part – Doesn't do a good job of telling you the basics i.e. basic hand positions, capital letters"
,Recommended,246580,20602826,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,lams,mota fukah
,Recommended,246580,20617456,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,MoonshineMecha,"If someone watched Grindhouse and decided to tie in an old zombie-arcade shooter, BOOM, there you have House of the Dead; Overkill.  Awesome game in every aspect.  Each level is treated like it's own mini-movie with the introduction being a 'cheesy' movie trailer.  The 'awesome' in this game is off the charts."
,Recommended,246580,20673454,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Bob-Klobb,"The game runs well and I didn't have any issues with it, but I requested a refund because it wasn't quite what I was expecting. If it had a demo I would have known that before purchasing."
,Recommended,246580,20713213,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Shanye West,"If you suck at typing then what better way to learn than with classic 80's cliches, one liners and a straight up G."
76561198217457120,Recommended,246580,20728795,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,RemiAreem,Amazing
76561198202031650,Recommended,246580,20715437,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Ryza,"A hilarious mix of zombies, typing and House of the Dead. The series is known as an on-rail zombie shooter; but this installment adds a new mechanic to the gameplay. To defeat the zombies and bosses you have to type out the words shown on the screen.The game is fun and the dialogue is funny; and the atmosphere of the entire game has the feel of an 80s crime drama. For players that get tired of the typing mechanic, there is a on-rail shooter mode that allows the player to play the whole game with a gun.A game worthy of a recommendation; however wait for the game to go on sale. The Typing of The Dead: Overkill is a solid game, but not worth the full price."
45454545454545454,Not Recommended,246580,20540312,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,🎭MoonEggBell🎭,I cannot play my laptop
76561198034451542,Recommended,246580,20583067,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Lord Farquaad,"This game is terrible. The voice acting and graphics are as awful as I rememberI love it,"
,Recommended,246580,20606944,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,kkw,Time to train your typing speed.
76561198098426566,Recommended,246580,20607001,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Son of Hitler,"This game is fun, ridiculous and enjoyable but the game did not work very well on my pc because of my graphics card for what ever reason. But I dorecommend this game to anyone who can play it on theirs."
,Recommended,246580,20592520,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,zLKida,Better than expected
,Recommended,246580,25126721,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Sharks++,"Kill zombies! Laugh at questionable phrasing! Improve your typing skills!Perhaps your boss is breathing down the back of your neck at work because you type as slow as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, greasy-fingered Tyrannosaurus Rex. Maybe you want to improve your WPM for that job you're applying for. Or, you're just a gamer who wants to have fun. This is the game is for you.It's pretty simple: type the words attached to zombies to explode them into a flushy flash of fesh. Fail to type your words fast enough, and you become the zombie's Monday Meatball Marinara. Despite the simplicity it's a fun mechanic, and it feels awesome to burst bodies like bloody balloons by rattling off random phrases on the keyboard.There's some sort of plot in this game, and apparently the two dudebros have some stake in the matter. The humor from this game doesn't really come from the characters or story though. The funniest thing about TotDO are the extremely random, oddly paired phrases that you type to kill zombies. In my playthrough I experienced phrases such as ""finger lickin good"", ""sexual carnivore"" and ""insane clown playground"", and that's just using the default word library.I would not recommend this game to anyone who is squeamish about violence. It dials everything up to 10, and then some. I was annoyed at the pathetic portrayal of the females in the game, but all the characters in the game are morons so it's not too offensive.Overall, it's a fun game to kill zombies and improve your typying skills. 7/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,246580,15681978,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,VKey,"A game with great humour and boobs @.@Learning Outcomes:- Learn to type faster- Learn to type more accurately- When it comes to the final big boss, screw the above!win with asjkldafeiocuxzjcxkzljqowneklwquioxzcjklsfdshklreqkmosayfiaojdksaldnamczxhjvdjsklfasjdiwquroiyqot"
,Recommended,246580,15451383,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Versanthus,When typing becomes fun.
,Recommended,246580,15817926,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jules Winnfield,"I heard about this game and thought that it would be funny to play. I am glad that I got it and have enjoyed my time playing it. Nothing much else to say, I had fun."
,Recommended,246580,15843798,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Dehexed,"A fun way to improve your typing skills. Gameplay is great; the cheesy cut-scenes were fun in the beginning, but got old fast. ESC to the rescue."
76561198003625220,Recommended,246580,15662150,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nilly,"Zombies, swearing, weird character partnerships, random words and phrases, and a somewhat good story line .. How else would you like to learn to type?Side note: Feels good to beat my boyfriend's score with an unfair advantage of ~65 WPM."
76561198047344373,Recommended,246580,15701717,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dokkasan,"I absolutely love this game.  The music and storyline are great.  Finally, a reason to use my keyboarding skills I learned in high school electives.  At the time of writing this review I have played 3 hours and have had a blast every moment.  I definitely recommend this game to anyone who can type without looking."
76561198006653128,Recommended,246580,15648261,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ssfsx17,"The best typing game that has ever existed... which is not hard considering what other typing games there are, but this one is also an excellent comedy action game. Best of all, it has moddable dictionaries."
,Recommended,246580,7550869,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,SoulDestroy,"So tounge-in-cheek, it's bleeding from the mouth. Buy this if you think Mavis Beacon was too by-the-books."
,Recommended,246580,15778678,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,FW,"AKA, B- Movie Typing Game Greatness.With Zombies."
,Not Recommended,246580,15599457,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Obiyer,Just buy typing master pro.http://www.typingmaster.com/education/pro/
76561197969372390,Recommended,246580,14063818,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,mr. nails,"Think you can type fast?  Put your skills to the test in this game!  The object is to type on the keyboard to get kills.  Zombies and the bosses in this game come at you and while they do actual words come on the screen above the enemy and you have to type it out.  It could be the end of you if you miss-type.  The graphics are pretty nice and there's a lot of detail.  There's hidden soundtracks and bonus on the screen throughout most of the game so be on the look out.  You can even challenge ""friends"" in coop and/or online to see who can type under zombie pressure.  If you can type and enjoy it.  I mean really enjoy it.  LoL, talk about carpal tunnel.  Give this one a whirl.  Good times.Don't fret though.  If you don't have those 1337 typing skillz then you can always go it with the mouse.  :o"
76561198110349831,Recommended,246580,13763184,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,mrjgrimm.jg,"A great way to hone your typing skills, and it includes regular House of the Dead: Overkill if you just wanted to shoot some stuff. The mini games are great especially in Typing of the Dead mode. DLC changes the phrases that are presented, great if you can get it all on sale."
76561198043516342,Not Recommended,246580,7555127,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Kohathite,"1 out of 5. The game description should clearly stated that not a single dialogue goes by without multiple f*** variants. I cannot stand the ""Grindhouse"" / Exploitation theme either, but even the constant efforts to shock and offend with gore and broken boundaries are not nearly as irritating as the unending, uncreative and undesirable swearing.Even at 50% off, I wish I had my money back."
,Recommended,246580,13768967,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Vegas,I love the DLC Libraries for this game.10/10 would type sticky fingered flap worrier again.
76561198012003855,Not Recommended,246580,14203616,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Saturna,"This game is just too much. I get that it's supposed to be a throw back to the grindhouse genre, but yikes. It was just too much sexism, racism, etc and horrible voice acting. Bad writing made up for by multiple swear words on one sentence. The gameplay itself was fine, but I couldn't take all of the blatent offensiveness."
,Recommended,246580,7569189,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,shadowmanwkp,"First released on the wii as the house of the dead variant, now playable on the computer as the typing of the dead version as well.Very fun game that tests your typing (and spelling) skills. Extremely corny and deliberately bad voice acting. It is somewhat on the easy side, and you can skip punctuation, unless you use hardcore mode. Also comes with a few minigames to keep you busy for a minute or two.Even though the original pc game is somewhat better, this game still is a blast to play. And if you don't like it, you can also play the original lightgun version."
76561197978600652,Recommended,246580,30499614,Posted: 13 March,all,Hyomoto,"If you are like me, and you type rather fast, this game is an excellent way to polish up your typing skills.  If you don't type very well but you wanted to learn, throw Mavis Beacon in the trash and learn to type by killing zom-, I mean, mutants.  The best typing teacher in existence, bar none."
76561198007030104,Recommended,246580,15474635,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,1 man army,"Not only is it fun to type to kill Zombies + crazy story, but you can still have the option to switch to the original game and play with your mouse,  just like old times :D"
76561198064261158,Recommended,246580,24499448,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Danger-ous,"One of, if not the BEST typing games ever. Played the hell out the original wii version. Its fun, entertaining and challenging.  Quentin Tarantino would be prowd. Play this game because most people never will. Now if only steam would get the original Typing of the dead..."
,Recommended,246580,26400315,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rush Sykes,This game is just like Dark Souls.- Bosses are easy to deal with- Agent Gwyndolin
,Recommended,246580,26423489,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Giorgio A. Tsoukalos,"For everyone who is having problems running this on Windows 10, right click the game in your library, go to Properties -> Local Files -> Browse Local Files, then find HOTD_NG.exe. Right click, select Run with Graphics Processor, and choose Integrated Graphics. Should boot no problem."
76561198062988004,Recommended,246580,26408911,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Suikajusu,After some inititial frustration getting this thing to launch (had to go through the program files and launch it with integrated graphics) I've totally fallen in love with this game. It's super entertaining and something very different.
,Recommended,246580,26305943,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kujospam,"Comedy is so bad, that it is good.  Fun cheesy time.  Finally found a game my wife will play that doesn't make her sick.  And she kicks my butt."
,Recommended,246580,26296746,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MacGregorr,Expected typingGot typing and a Robert Rodriguez movie
,Recommended,246580,27790330,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Heleen,Best typing game available on steam!
76561198076914102,Recommended,246580,27878420,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Captain Toad,Grindhouse styled game that teaches you how to type. Couldnt think of a better combination.
,Recommended,246580,27814548,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,saaya,"14 hours and still cant get enough!love this game :)story is over the top and annoying, but gameplay is tons of funWARNING!graphics are pretty buggy on AMD cards, half of the zombie heads or limbs are invisible for some reason"
,Recommended,246580,27529308,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Crawdaddy79,"This is the best typing game ever created.Note: This is the only typing game I've ever played.  It is a blast, though.  Great dialogue in the cut scenes.  Ridiculous, excessively dark storyline.  Not for kids."
,Recommended,246580,7530912,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,mmzimu,"Najlepszy trening pisania na klawiaturze EVER, nie dość że zombiaki to jeszcze stylistyka grindhouse i głupawkowy humor, bardzo polecam.Dodatkowy plus po aktualizacjach: nowe słowniki do mordowania zombiaków w workshopie!"
,Recommended,246580,27460823,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XIII,A game allows you to practicing finger job while watching a cult movie.10/10
,Recommended,246580,27627211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Darko,"Nominate it for ""Best use of a farm animal"" I hope Meat Katie counts haha.Also, type-to-kill is a lot of fun and super addicting, give it a go if you haven't yet."
,Recommended,246580,28073062,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,adan_aileron,"Combines the plot of a cheesy low-budget movie with the gameplay of a typing practice game.Kill zombies... err, mutants by typing the word(s) near them.Also has a mouse-controlled rail shooter with the same plot (House of the Dead: Overkill) if that's something you would also like to play."
,Recommended,246580,28143782,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,chotheamazing,"Typing of the Dead is an arcade classic, and was a major part of my childhood. I would spend countless hours at the nearby arcade typing away to kill all the zombies. I was so ecstatic to see this on steam. The game play is quite a bit more raunchy than I remember, but it's still a fun play through to kill some time."
76561198038205543,Recommended,246580,27319003,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noc42cz,"The music, the dialog, the speaker, the horrible horrible names given to the female characters and last but not least the epic dictonary of words and sentences you'll encounter in the game (and you can CHANGE this dictionary) makes this a awesome game to play until your fingers bleed. I give this the perfect score of 5/7 ;D"
,Recommended,246580,27264511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,moho_00,"It's just like the original The Typing of the Dead, but even better!  I just wish the characters had a Dreamcast and keyboard strapped on like back in the day..."
76561198012610010,Recommended,246580,27307651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Karutomaru,"I got the original House of the Dead: Overkill back on the Wii and that alone was already a masterful rail shooter of over-the-top silliness satisfying gore effects and one of my favorite game soundtracks of all time!  Now PC owners have access to the PS3 HD version with updated visuals (some of which I don't agree with), two extra chapters and more bonuses to unlock.  That alone is worth the price of admission.  Clicking may not be as satisfying as pulling a trigger button, but the presentation shines through and it's well optimized.  I have no trouble running the game on my laptop.But that's not even getting into the actual typing mode of the game.  Rattling away at a keyboard and hearing a gunshot with every key stroke is gratifying and with DLC and Steam workshop (check out mine), you'll never run out of weird phrases to see pop up.  I genuinely think that by adding urgency, a fun story and by changing up the gameplay for certain enemies and boss battles, Typing of the Dead is a good tool for practicing typing that gamers can enjoy.  It has the same kind of hand-eye coordination traditional games do, really."
,Recommended,246580,27924142,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,IMGunnaHurl,"You wouldn't know that hidden within Typing of the Dead: Extended Cut is a another absolutley brilliant and fun FPS rail style game called House of the Dead Overkill: Extended Cut. The story is highly entertaining, The characters are brilliantly concieved, corny and sufficiently angry and the main female character Varla Guns is without a doubt the hottest femaile/stripper in video game history.  I would spend my life savings watchiung her dance. Issac Washington is a black detective teamed up with and FBI Agent. Washinton is a f-bomb factory and knows how to talk about women in a mannert that gives new meaning to sexist pig. And they are what makes the games so fun to play. The dialouge is never ending from level to level.  This is the only rail type FPS shooter where each room/screen is cleared before moving to next. Sufficiently difficult and at times very hard.  I wish Steam would break it out from Typing of the Dead. House of the Dead: Overkill is the one Steam forgot. Flatout forgot."
76561198089442884,Recommended,246580,27917086,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FCM,replay value also thanks to DLC and community mods.
,Recommended,246580,14268895,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,koka_noodles,"Does what it says on the tin, it's typing practice gamified.  The only thing it's missing is a scoreboard / stats, the lack of them is a major blow to this game especially when you consider the minigames that are basically score attack / survival. Disclaimer: I suck at typing."
76561197984305500,Recommended,246580,16034879,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,herurubin,Ive improved my typing a great bit already
,Recommended,246580,29537694,Posted: 28 January,all,GEPGUN,A must play for an avid typist.
,Recommended,246580,29379125,Posted: 20 January,all,Schmidu za Jędzejczyka pls,Wanna master typing skills and have fun? This is game for you
76561198020285143,Recommended,246580,29180463,Posted: 11 January,all,stinner2000,"It's like if Mavis Beacon wanted me to kill zombies with my words instead of just worrying about my WPM.  Definitely pick it up on a sale, it's fun for what it is."
,Recommended,246580,31032561,Posted: 8 April,all,Nox,"If you would like to become a keyboard warrior, this is probably a good game for you!"
,Recommended,246580,29701881,Posted: 4 February,all,Mah 🅱️OI FUZE,"Whoah) To start with The house of the dead gamemode really helped me to get better in FPS shooters moreover The typing of the dead gamemode will get you better with typing in intertaining way. At the end of this reviev i would recommend you to buy that one on sales and feel old school arcade FPSs fashion.Ps. If game will crash on the opening screen, dont panic you are better to visit game forum on steam and find the way to solve problem (to say short: this game is no supporting graphics cards so you need to set your computer to core (intel/AMD) graphics. Wish you all the best and I hate those mutants )."
76561198126975019,Recommended,246580,29735976,Posted: 5 February,all,wolfinston85,"This game should really tell you that this also includes the original house of the dead overkill version, meaning the one where you just don't type, but actually aim with your mouse and keyboard, (haven't tried the controller, sorry...)What is there to say? It's a great game, one of those that is constantly trying to satirize the ""Blaxploitation"" films from back in the 70's, and it works great, it has a ton of humor, even if half of it is comformed by the gratuitous use of the ""f"" word.I think what I loved the most about the game is that you can tell the people that were making it were having a lot of fun, and so there's this aspect of passion, even behind a game that is constantly laughing at itself mercilessly, and it's a really wonderful thing to see, they clearly feel proud about what they've accomplished, you can even check the extras in both menus, for each version of the game, see the pictures, the concept art, they even created a soundtrack, a soundtrack that by the way it's really freaking good.And the gameplay, I think what people are really going to resent the most about this game, and mostly about this pc version, is that this version of the game is just... not... that... good...The game literally has four graphics options, anti-aliasing, gamma, ""windowed mode"", and finally resolution, a resolution option that simply supports 16:9 resolutions, and ends up not even actually rendering the game at your chosen resolution unless you paste the command: ""disable-post-processing""Inside your steam game properties, inside launch options (without the quotes) If you don't do that no matter what you do, the internal resolution will always be at: 1280x720, which equals to= 720pparallel to that, as you have probably already expected it, that command also disables the post-processing efects, such as bloom, or depht of field... Something that some people won't mind (i'm one of those) but that sadly also disables crucial efects such as some ""targets"" that you need to shoot in order to beat some enemies later in the game.You will also need to add after that past command, ""fullscreen=1"" given the fact that the last command also makes the game run at windowed mode, something that I haven't noticed, simply because I haven't tried both commands separately.Besides that the pc port in my opinion it's fine... Except until you notice AMD users will notice a complete lack of ""torsos"" in the zombies... I believe there's a fix for that in pcgamingwiki, which is where I got all the past ""technical"" information.When it comes to the core of the game tho, I really enjoy it, I think if you're willing to play the game and understand it's concept, and get what it's trying to do, then you'll really enjoy it, it's a fun, and silly game, that's constantly laughing at the whole thing, while at the same time proving to be something enjoyable just when reducing it to it's gameplay.I frankly enjoy more the original version of the game, (that being the one where you shoot at zombies with guns, not words) I don't know if this is because I played the Wii version way back when it came out.With that last thing, I also must admit that with this version of the game I have already finished the game around three times or so, two on the original Wii version, one here, and really i'm just heading for the fourth.When it comes to differences between each version, the pc version simply looks better, and also includes both The Typing of The Dead Overkill, as well as The House of The Dead Overkill, plus it also includes some extra missions that in my opinion are unnecesary and stupid, but whatever, it's extra content, I just wish in a way you could skip those missions, mainly because you play as side characters that were clearly not build to be main ones, so the humor and the personality that those missions carry kinda goes all over the place.Overall tho, I think House of The Dead Overkill it's a wonderful example of how someone can take a game in which you essentially go around buying upgrades for your weapons with cash that you earn by murdering zombies, only to then do the same, and turn that simple but enjoyable concept, into something really interesting, unique, and absolutely insane.And I love it because of it, one of those... ""Cult"" games, as people call them, one of those games that joins in that list of other ""cult games"" such as: Destroy All Humans, Stubbs the Zombie, XIII, or No One Lives Forever, etc...Really... Just a great game."
,Recommended,246580,29735836,Posted: 5 February,all,Kristina,"If you're looking for a way to improve your typing speed and accuracy while living out your zombie-infested fantasies, Typing of the Dead Overkill is for you.The option of multiple dictionaries keeps the game from feeling stale.It's all good, mindless, cheesy, inappropriate fun. I wouldn't change it for the world."
,Recommended,246580,27369091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Trip Fisk,"the DLC is a gyp, and the game is a hot mess if you're using an AMD cardbutt tihs reely si teh goodest tyepyng semulitor evur maed EVAR, beach"
76561197971169644,Recommended,246580,32956239,Posted: 28 June,all,s_giant20,My favorite part is how the words fit the scene
76561198079771501,Recommended,246580,32644706,Posted: 22 June,all,ZedHead287,"Typing has never felt so badass. The Typing of the Dead: Overkill is my favorite non-conventional game on Steam. The ""grindhouse"" story is hilarious and the typing prompts range from random and difficult words to some of the most absurd phrases I've ever typed in my life. If the story's not for you, or you just want to hop in for a few zomb...I mean ""mutant"" kills, the mini games are just as fun. Two undead thumbs way up for this one!"
,Recommended,246580,32692252,Posted: 23 June,all,Ivan K.,"Perhaps the best thing about this game is not that it's got some Tarantino-esque humor dialed up to 11. It's the word packs and what's included in them. The game doesn't seem to just select random words and stick 'em in there, they're actualy coordinated in context of what's going on, and it just makes the game that much more amusing.Also, ""partial controller support""? Well, it *is* a game all about typing, after all."
,Recommended,246580,32546180,Posted: 18 June,all,Tiger Weeds,This game helps me to finish my essay 1 hour before due date
,Recommended,246580,32929445,Posted: 28 June,all,Passive Bot,I love typing and this is the best typing game for me. I enjoyed playing it. It has a good story and its hilarious.
,Recommended,246580,33012372,Posted: 29 June,all,Hazel 土 Bonfield,"This is a truly intriguing way to train or improve your typing skills.  Of course, I recommend not playing this for long periods of time.  It's also a quite intriguing gameplay concept to begin with.  The game itself is supposedly a parody of '70s action films, complete with a '70s-style soundtrack and a grainy screen effect.  For something that tries to mock the fads of a different time period, I usually say this does a good job  However, there are many cases of zombies' body parts being gone; I don't know if this is the game's or computer's fault.  Oh, and there is crude and swearing everywhere you go, so the easily offended shouldn't play; if you're into this stuff, then try this."
,Recommended,246580,33018292,Posted: 29 June,all,WalkingEMP,"I thoroughly enjoyed this title. The graphics really spoke to my childhood, reminding me of arcade games like Area 51. Only complaint I would give is that it is sometimes difficult to determine which word should be typed first as the mobs get clsoer to your character's position. Do not let this discourage you, because as you play you get the hang of the mechanics."
76561198362631536,Recommended,246580,33101516,Posted: 1 July,all,SpacemanGavin,Enjoying the game.  Figure it should help with my typing skills and is fun while doing it.
,Recommended,246580,33105821,Posted: 1 July,all,rfd.zn,"This game knows what to do with the absence of action, as in the interaction between the player and the computer since both your hands are always on the keyboard. They put comedy inside of it, and there only will be more of comedy with the DLC. But this game still suffer from problems with dedicated graphics, so watch yourself if you have one. I played this with integrated graphics and it plays well. Great way to kill some time"
,Recommended,246580,26325348,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"Dead, typing, zombies and we play it on steam of course you can be the good guy, you cannot be the bad guy but we play it on steam"
,Recommended,246580,33460535,Posted: 11 July,all,COOL DUDE!,Suffer Like G Did
,Recommended,246580,33611911,Posted: 17 July,all,S.A.N.G.- King of Nothing,"This game takes everything you know and loved about the House of the Dead, dials it up to 11 and runs screaming and yelling over the borderline of sanity."
,Recommended,246580,33868097,Posted: 28 July,all,ĶΛЌĬΘЏΧ,"Winning the Guiness Record for most swearing in a video game, House of the Dead Overkill sure as hell set itself apart from all of the generic party games for the Wii. Then it was made a PS3 game. And now a PC game. There are two games, so I will review both.Typing of the Dead Overkill is basically HOTD Overkill, but fast typing is needed to kill zombies, rather than a virtual gun. You will be forced to type anything from Grapes to Gilt Edged Chicken F*cker.HOTD Overkill, which can be selected to play if you would rather use a mouse to shoot rather than a keyboard. This version is a direct port of the PS3 version, which, in turn, was adapted from the original 2009 Wii version. However, like the PS3 version, there are a few extra levels that focus on the shenanigans of hooker Varla Guns and dumb blonde Candi Stryper. Set in 1991 in the deep south of Lousiana, you play as either profane lady's man Isaac Washington or rookie agent ""G"", killing various zombies (or mutants) to eventually confront sterotypical 1970s B-Movie villian Papa Caesar.The entire game plays out like a 1970s Grind-house B-Movie. Grainy footage, music from the era and a dramatic narrator. While older HOTD games left a zombie corpse covered in bloody holes when they are dead, this game opts to literally cause the zombie to explode into a pool of blood on the ground. A first for HOTD games is a store that sells guns and perks for in-game cash. This cash is usually received from doing a good job in a level, or just coming across a wad of it in the level itself. Other collectables in levels are paintings, records and statues.I would narrowly recommend this game. The older HOTD games literally had no replay value, because the levels vary very little. Here, you have more to do after you beat the main game. Upgrading and buying guns, playing minigames and playing a Directors' Cut mode (basically the normal game but each level is extended). If this game is on sale and you are a little bored with your game library, pick this game up, you will have some fun. But, unless you really enjoy the series or you want to learn to type better, don't buy it at full price."
76561198147854515,Recommended,246580,33787413,Posted: 25 July,all,belgnbor,"Great game,  I am a good typist and this one is testing me.  Lots of fun.  You have to type fast to stop the zombies from killing you."
,Recommended,246580,10210487,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Abyss †,Awesome game and lots of fun. It also helps me with typing faster and typing blind. The words make me laugh and it is definitely worth buying.
76561198080761417,Recommended,246580,34792372,Posted: 7 September,all,Darkarous,I don't actually see it as a game...I mostly see it as a software so as to learn how to type more quickly!
