user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,246700,10340862,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Sillysniper,"The Intro:Stop. Don't let the big red square in the top left of this review fool you into being defensive. I LOVE this game, probably more than any of you reading this review. That being said let's talk about the one, ONE problem with this perfect game.The Problem:It's dead, man.The Good:For all of you who don't know, Strike Vector is a dogfighting game as fast paced as you see in the trailers. Speaking of which, the trailers do a good job describing the game: The graphics are pretty, the action is tense, there is aesthetical customization. On combat, there are varied weapons,  passive abilites and ""use once every so often"" abilities like cloaking and a huge speed boost. (8 of each) The other positive reviews explain that in more detail, so I won't waste your time and regurgitate said information.That being said, the game is HARD to learn. Basically you have to get used to the controls, master switching harrier and jet forms, get used to flying in tight corridors, and ONLY then can you hope to face others in pvp. You'll still get creamed a few times, but if you need advice, just type something in chat and they would tell you.Sure it was frustrating back then when everybody was better than you, but they would be nice and try to be helpful. THE COMMUNITY WAS HELPFUL, MAN. A PvP (As in dead flipping serious, ""you are not rewarded for messing around"") game where the fighting is intense had a helpful community. That to me, is amazing.The Bad:But nowadays, there isn't a community. I, (and you included) could open up the game, click on the servers tab, and find for the amount of players on each server, ZERO across the board. Sure, some people will comment, ""That is rediculous, just the other day I was playing and there were five servers with a moderate amount of people."" I have NEVER seen that many people other than when i first got the game: 2 months ago, specifically April 12. (As you may tell, the other review are way before or around this time, so at most the main problems were bugs and there is no mention of a dead playerbase.) Even then the playerbase was shrinking and nowadays its maybe one person on a server for an hour. Just to humour those people, however, lets do the math; A server usually has 16 players max, but ""a moderate amount of people"" suggests it would be roughly half or 3/4 full. So lets say per server there is an average of 10 people. Times that by 5 and what do you get? A playerbase of 50 people. Ladies and gentlemen, that's not much, at all. It's certainly not fitting for a AAA game that this is. Morrowind has a bigger playerbase, Duke Nukem has a bigger playerbase, even MOTHER FLIPPING Ace of Spades has a bigger playerbase. Also please take into account that the figure is outdated by two months and nowadays its one guy on one server flying around for an hour and leaving.The Fix:So this is surprising; Usually you have a crummy, unoriginal, game that doesn't have a player base no matter HOW much advertising they do, but in this case it's the opposite. You have an awesome game that hasn't done much advertising. The only way I found out about this game was because my friend had it, and because it went on sale for like two days. Ideally, they do more advertising, people realize how cool and original this game is, the devs have a large playerbase and víola! You have a successful game.I'm no expert, but as a person who buys games, (you are one of these too), I really like Steam sales, also anything on the ""Featured"" page on the store catches my eye. Sure, advertising costs money, but if they do both of these things, they will have an actual playerbase, become deservingly popular, and attract more people. Haven't you ever seen the, ""put a dollar in the jar and people will come trick?""People like popular things.The Tl;Dr:It's dead right now, so don't pay 12 dollars for a AAA multiplayer game with no other players.Update:So I've done some dedicated server checking and the figures are still low. Sometimes they're in the tens, twenties, even fifties of players but this is usually right after a sale and the number drops off quite quickly. The average of the entire server population is still below ten if not absolute zero which it usually is, so I still can't delete this review.2) Contrary to popular belief, tricking people into buying a game is not the right way to increase server population. People are throwing around really cool ideas in the forums like singleplayer, better customization, co-op challenges and other neat stuff that would not only make this a fuller game but also keep people playing. The devs also make a few comments here and there. You should check it out and give the game and the forums some love.Also, my review just happens to have magically disapeared from the store page, so I figured it was as good of a time as it could be to update the review."
,Recommended,246700,8699461,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kaiiboraka,"If you've seen the store page's trailer, then Strike Vector is as fun as it looks. Be warned, beta is beta. Servers crash frequently, and there are frequent glitches with the menus. For instance, after being boot out of a game due to a crashed server, you must restart it to play again. But all that aside...THE GAMEPLAY IS AMAZING. It plays like a dream! The ability to swap between Jet and Harrier modes on the fly is an incredible boon, and it makes dogfights fast-paced and intense, and extremely enjoyable. You have two weapon slots, and there are about a half dozen weapons to choose from, and you get to mix and match as you want. Each weapon has two slots for perks, as well. Two weapons, two perks each, and a ship perk, and a special ability, all creates excellent diversity, and it should cater to anyone's playstyle. Did I mention you have 3 loadout slots so you can save several of these combinations that you can swap from every time you die? You can even change them before you jump back in.Visually, it's impressive. There's not much that stands out, but I love the machinery/factory look of all the menus and screens. One minor gripe I have is that certain menu prompts are unclear. They don't stand out very much and it's easy to skip over them because they're so small. For instance, at first I didn't even realize you were able to fly on the maps solo, because the button to do that was buried in the tutorial section, and was a very, very small button along the top of the screen. The ships themselves are customizable visually, and have patterns and a full color spectrum to choose from for each main section of your ship. There's a bit of texture pop-in, and some things look a little bit muddy, and it's obvious to see a lot of stand-in art and text in places, but overall it's not bad.Sound overall is decent. The weapons and flight sound great, very meaty where it counts. Explosions are visceral, too. Though I would love a little more feedback in some places, such as when switching between flight and harrier mode. There were some times while in a match where I was off to the side, menus open adjusting options, and the game was silent. I think it could stand to have a little more realism in its sound. Basically I mean that it should echo more; I should hear the fights going on all across the map. I don't believe there should ever be silence in a game like this. Music! There's no in-game music, and if there is, it was brief, and I didn't notice it. The title theme is pretty cool, however the menus afterward... it's monotonous and could stand to be changed or improved. I don't like it much. So aside from minor complaints, it's great where it counts!I could see myself playing this very much, spending a lot of my extra time here. I await the ability to host my own games in-client, or to be able to play offline against AI or over LAN, but such features do not yet exist. I'm glad I'm at least able to fly around the maps on my own without needing to connect. There's not much to do save practice flying around and shooting at nothing, but it's a nice add-in. With a plethora of unlockables, including ship parts and decals and patterns, and stuff for my pilot's profile, plus the simple matter that it's so damn fun to play, there's plenty of reason to come back to it again and again.To conclude, it's fast paced, it's exciting, it's fun as hell. Lots to choose from, fun to play, lots of potential. Beta is beta, though. Gameplay gets a solid 9/10, Aesthetic and design and visuals gets an 8/10, sound gets a 6/10, lasting appeal/replay value: I-will-be-losing-so000oooOOOOoo-many-hours-to-this-beastie/10Overall, in its current beta state: 7.5/10, with a BADASS SEAL OF APPROVAL!"
76561198113972261,Recommended,246700,15878902,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Keith David,"This game is CRIMINALLY UNDERRATEDToo much fun, but nobody plays. PLEASE PLAY"
,Not Recommended,246700,11577666,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"Phenominal And Underappreciated // Tragically Unpopulated+ Great visual design and graphics, with beautiful and creative environments+ Great ship design; has a similar 'gritty' feel that fans of HAWKEN will feel right at home in+ Gameplay is very fast-paced and highly skill dependant+ Weapons and ship upgrades are extremely well-balanced+ Controls are sharp and responsive+ Seems to still be getting somewhat regular updates, that appear to be flush with new content- Almost non-existent player-base. Every time I play, there is only one active server, ever. For this reason, I cannot recommend the game, being that it is a strictly PvP title. This game is truly an amazing gem, and is insanely entertaining to play, but the developers appear to have spent approximately zero dollars on marketing, and this keeps the player base at almost extinct levels. If elbowing your way into one, solitary server to play is not a deal-breaker for you, then by all means buy this game. Save for this one game-breaking, negative point, the game is absolutely worth paying even full price for. I am genuinely sorry that I cannot recommend this game to everyone, as it's just fantastic.LockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,246700,12584541,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,🌵Bluepancho🌵,"Amazing game, too bad the community is rather smallBut you only need one server with people on to enjoy yourself as the game is playable even at relatively high pings."
,Not Recommended,246700,19938792,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Evil Trapezium,"If this game had a single player campaign, this game would have been amazing. It has such great customisation and fantastic gameplay and controls. Unfortunately it's multiplayer only and you can't find anyone online so there is no reason to buy this game at all."
,Recommended,246700,10862434,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Flandre,"Very fun, competitive, challenging, and addicting game. Got it for a very low price, wouldn't have minded getting it at a full price. Play and have fun. It will take some time to get used to its mechanics, but once you do, this is where things get fun.One thing I do recommend when getting this game is joining an empty server and waiting for a bit. Most likely you will get players to come in after a bit, and eventually it will fill up. I've had this happen a few times already. Otherwise, this game definitely needs more attention."
,Not Recommended,246700,22489291,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Marco Vinicius,Don't buy this game. It's a multiplayer only game and no one is on the servers. Waste of cash.
,Recommended,246700,8680752,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Aeryon616 | エリオン616,"I absolutely love it! Flying a Vector is really cool, especially when you do it fast paced.The maps are very well done. It may take a moment to get used to the controls, but believe me, this game is worth it!"
,Recommended,246700,17590883,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,CludzyMasta {Killa$inn},"STRIKE VECTOR: The ULTIMATE in 3D twitch shooters!!Pros:> You get you fly around in epic Vector aircraft at supersonic speeds, dodging scenery, making turns at breakneck speeds. (think of Burnout turbocharged in 3D with instantly responsive controls). It feels fast!> Competetive design means no grinding to unlock functional equipment, only cosmetics.> Arena gameplay means killing spree rampages can be infinately sustained through HP pickups (and skill DUH).> Arena gameplay results in INTENSE dogfights and chases, with multiple players, meaning elimination desicions of who to target and so forth have to be made as split second choices.> Plenty of counter-play around the arena pickups, e.g. can anticipate a player moving towards one and thus can pre-aim and DESTROY.> Mechanics!!! MECHANICS!!! The way you move, the way gravity affects the aircraft, the way projectiles are affected.> Adrenaline stoked moments where you can 1 VS the world and feel totally badass.CONS:> VERY SMALL PLAYERBASE. <<<<<<<> The small playerbase results in a difficult time for players to master the game, e.g. when new, you get crushed to the point of boredom.Verdict:Get in on sale, and play. This game is AWESOME, but due to the lack of promotion/playerbase, it is virtually dead. Join the fun!"
76561198004490579,Not Recommended,246700,10696925,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,N8,"We might give this a try at a LAN party but it doesn't seem worth devoting a lot of time to otherwise. The community, as has been stated by others, is pretty small. The veteran players prey on the noobs since there is no matchmaking and the go-to strategy seems to be dual plasma which is a one-shot kill if you can land it (which they often can). This is compounded by the overall learning curve of piloting the vector.My last game had a player sitting back at his base, spawn-camping the crap out of our base with dual plasmas and the zoom perk. Not only is this extremely frustrating (and bad from a design perspective) but it does not help build or retain community with the influx of new blood coming from the Steam sale. If this is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that the game devolves into for veteran players, I want no part in this community.It is fun to play casually with a few friends and, like I said perhaps at a LAN party, but I don't see myself playing this a lot."
,Not Recommended,246700,18079659,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Radioactive,"Great game, but sadly its dead now"
,Not Recommended,246700,19904638,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Dante589,"Game looked fun, went to play multiplayer match, all servers are empty"
,Not Recommended,246700,17906648,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nebulous Idea,The playerbase for this game is microscopic. Anybody you do get matched with has been playing from the beginning and will pound you into the dirt over and over.The learning curve is absurd with no chance to find people on your level as the playerbase is too small.
76561198044841596,Recommended,246700,24538689,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Cephalopod,"You want to play but can´t find any players?Join Strike Vector Meetups.We are a community of over 100 active members that consists of rookies, veterans and players of intermediate skill.There are scheduled gatherings in three timezones on the weekend wich usually last for 2-3 hours.You can also join us on discord and usually find someone who is down to play there.Strike Vector is not completely dead yet, so help us with it´s reinvigorationhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/StrikeVectorMeetups"
,Not Recommended,246700,23847684,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mr. Cool,This game is heartbreaking. It is fun to play; it has a super high skill ceiling; the visuals are nice and the overall graphic style is crisp.The only thing is that no one ever plays it. I would totally reccomend Strike Vector if it were not for this fact.
,Recommended,246700,8702580,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Sherbert,Game is brilliant! Insanely fast paced arcade FPS but with fighters that can switch in between hover and jet modes on the fly! A nice weapon selection and power ups give the game some more depth and then the map design is not only extremely beautiful but they flow very well too! I highly recommend this game! I've been having so much fun playing it!
,Recommended,246700,13519831,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Giraton,"I was very close to not recomending this game because as fun as it is, as much as I love it, almost nobody is playing it, and for a mostly multiplayer game thats certainly not a good thing. You also need better internet then what ever TF2 needs as lag spikes are more often for me then that game. The main reason I recomend it is because I want more people to play it."
,Recommended,246700,21943186,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,lob☆lob,"A current trend in the gaming industry, both AAA and otherwise - is to make games try and appeal and be accessible to as large an audience as possible, partly to secure profit margins and partly under the misguided notion that the broader a game's sphere of influence, the better the game is. Strike Vector is in short, a large triumphant middle finger to that notion. Strike Vector is a niche shooter and is bloody well proud of it. Existing in the 6DoF subgenre, it is a brutally-demanding multiplayer arena shooter that subscribes to old school PC gaming multiplayer-standards as opposed to the matchmaking and progression systems of current games. All weapons and other loadout modifications are unlocked straight away, and there is only a straightforward server browser, meaning that anyone can play against anyone else, regardless of their skill level.This coupled with the sky-high skill floor of Strike Vector are the main two aspects that make most people refuse to give this game a chance. New players tend to get their asses handed to them very quickly, and only those dedicated enough to put up with the harsh first few hours of play will get any considerable enjoyment from the game; however, those who do manage to ascend the skill floor will find themselves playing an extremely fast, fluid and visceral shooter with a great variety of loadouts, maps, gametypes and veteran players to play against. The matter of fact is that even though detractors claim that this game is dead, it really is not if you are willing to look. There is a small but dedicated community willing to keep this game alive and kicking despite all odds (at least on saturdays).One of the reasons why this game is so great is because of what I can only describe as ""game feel"". The speed certainly contributes to this but it is other factors such as great sound design, visceral gunplay and the fact that the player's ship is relatively small, meaning that you can manuever through almost any gaps in the maps, resulting in some great high-speed chases. The movement is made just as fun as the shooting because of this, and it is the main reason why in my opinion, this game trumps similar games such as Strike Suit Zero, where the player's hitboxes just feel way too big relative to the geometry you should be able to manuever through.This is just the tip of the iceberg too, there are so many little nuances to each of the weapons that even I, who has played 100 hours feel like I still have a LOT to learn and uncover, and I still haven't tried a lot of the available loadouts and playstyles.These nuances are not perfect though, it does have to be mentioned that Strike Vector is a flawed game in spite of all of its strengths. First and foremost, the server population is indeed low. It seems unfair to blame this on the game, but regardless it is something that can greatly detract from the enjoyment of the game, especially if you are a newer player. Secondly, the weapon balance is not exactly perfect. Most weapons are situational, and are better on some maps than others, but there are certain almost-gamebreaking combinations that can kill the flow of the gameplay, such as dual gatlings with the firerate and range perks, the area of engagement is just too large compared to more situational weapons such as the LMG and swarm missiles. Finally, there is no real means of new players to train for the onslaught they will receive in multiplayer. The in-game tutorial is very rudimentary, and the only single player modes are free flight through the maps on your own, or a few time trials mostly involving shooting near-stationary targets and flying through rings. These can train your movement and accuracy to an extent but not nearly as much as bot matches would, which could also be fun for both newcomers and veterans with the right difficulty configurations. All in all, the shortcomings are clearly prevalent but are not enough to ruin the fundamental fun and good-design at the core of the game's mechanics.Despite what you've likely been told, it is okay for games to target a niche, instead of going for mass-market appeal and Strike Vector shows that sometimes some of the best games can be made by adopting this attitude. It is true that the game is lacking in server population, and if you are at all interested in this game, you will have to prepare to receive a lot of asskickings and do a lot of reading to have fun, but if you do partake in this, it will almost be certainly worth it when you are able to play alongside veteran players."
76561198101362986,Not Recommended,246700,21655132,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,bhatz829,Dead game. No one plays anymore.
76561198095806924,Recommended,246700,32699832,Posted: 23 June,all,PasDer,"I've had this game since it's realease.It's one of the best air shooter games out there,though it's hard and that's why people do not play it.I myself havent played in ages as well,due to it barely having nay players,though I would love to see more people playing.It's a great game and I would love to see people actually giving it a chance.I do recommend it to people who are willing to learn how to play and have patience."
76561198150274551,Recommended,246700,12575022,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,...and a voice was screaming...,"A very unique game of skill.Excellent flight and combat mechanics.It blends flight and combat skills in a very serious way;  pursue and evade at high speeds, and if you crash you will explode. If you're not quick you will be shot down.It takes time to learn. It takes practice. It is fun to fly a vector."
,Recommended,246700,13562573,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zeream,":Strike Vector: is the funnest, most competitive, and fastest multiplayer shooter I have ever played.  Nothing tops this game's multiplayer.  It looks awesome, it looks fun, but in reality... its very, very, VERY niche.  I'm gonna tell you right now that this is probably not a game you want to play.It has wonderful graphics and runs like a charm on my rig.  The game has lots of customization and weapon loadouts, and everything except cosmetic stuff is available from the start.  The weapon loadouts are endless, and of course most outperform others, but there is more than enough variety to always keep the game fresh.  Of course, its not much work to unlock the costmetic stuff either.  Skill really shows in this game, and if you are good you are rewarded for it in spades, and if you can't keep up its painfully obvious.  This game has no hand holding, everything you do in this game is via your own skill and you knowledge of the game mechanics.  Being good at this game is something to be proud of.BUT, this game has one glaring, stupidly big flaw.  The game is so competitive and the skillgap, even if tiny, has such a huge impact on gameplay that most people don't even stick around to play because they simply cannot keep up.  Generally, most of the newbs and unskilled players only last a few days before they get bored or permanently ragequit from getting roasted by the much fewer, yet better players.  However, most of the better players quit because there aren't many people left to shoot.  As such, the game has largely killed itself because its TOO competitive.  This is not a game for casuals in any sense of the word.  Please keep in mind that of all the 100+ thousand people who bought this game, less than a tenth of a percent of them are still playing to this day.Reviews give the impression that this game is undesirable because it has low population, but this is misleading.  The gameplay is actually BETTER on low population servers.  Its not a typical shooter where most firefights end up relying on confusion and teamwork.  This is a very personal game, and much of the gameplay is just that; personal.  You will literally be dogfighting individual players 90% of the time you play this game.   This is what the game was designed for and where it excells.  High population servers ruin this however, namely because the combat degenrates into nothing but confusion and nobody can finish kills.  That is not to say it could benefit from more population, because it could, but the low population isn't what is killing the game, its the competitiveness of the game itself.Of course, the game also has other flaws.  If you don't live in East Europe or the United States, chances are your ping will be above 100 when you try to play on any of the sparsley populated servers.  Anything above 100 ping is generally unplayable as you will find enemies teleporting all over the map and you yourself rubberbanding all over the place and randomly crashing into walls.  Likewise, generally anything under 50-60 FPS is considered highly detrimental to this skill based gameplay, especially considering how fast-paced this game is.  Your rig has to be up to date for you to play this game properly.I highly, highly recommend you only play this game if you have played similar dogfighting games.  This is a very new experience, and it is painful to learn.  The learning curve is MASSIVE.  Its a cliff to most people.  It introduces new playstyles and is very, very fast.  But if you like competitive, fast shooters and are GOOD at them, then this will probably be the funnest multiplayer shooter you will ever play."
,Not Recommended,246700,8981806,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,toolbear,"Update Aug 2, 2014As an exclusively multiplayer game, Ragequit squandered their ""one big chance"" by releasing this game before it was ready. As predicted, months later, after patches have improved the game somewhat, few are playing the game. Not even a spot in the Humble Weekly Bundle was able to breathe new life into the community.In my original review (below) I wrote that Strike Vector was ""buggy, incomplete, and raw"" and should be listed as ""Early Access"". I wondered if a playerbase would exist by the time the rough edges were polished. It's several months later, has the situation improved? Yes and no. Whilst some of the bugs are fixed, more than half of the ones I found in February remain. I've also discovered new ones. To me this represents an underlying lack of attention to detail and supports my view that the game is unfinished.* Under ""Input Options"" distinct controls (still) exist for ""Move forward"" and ""Post-combustion""; these do the exact same thing in game. Both are bound to ""W""; if you stick with WASD controls then you can ignore it, but it begs the same question as before: ""why the confusing redundancy?""* Also under ""Input Options"" the controls for ""Precise aim"" and ""Rear view"" are both bound to ""LeftControl"". You cannot aim whilst watching your rear, so rebinding is essential if you want precision aiming functionality.* Whilst writing this on an early California Saturday evening, there are two servers with 6 of 12 and 3 of 12 players (by the time I finished, it was down to one server with 5 of 12 players). For comparison, I fired up old Quake 3 and found a FFA game with 9 of 16 players (human players, not bots).New observatons:* Initially launches windowed at 800x600 instead of full-screen at native resolution. Interestingly, changing to native resolution followed by full-screen reduces the resolution below native again. So change full-screen first if you want to avoid setting the resolution twice.* Uses DX9 instead of DX11. For reference, DX9 and DX11 were released in 2002 and 2009 respectively.* binding ""Enter"" to chat results in chat input revealing itself and dismissing itself immediately. I can obviously infer the defect here, yet in WoW, L4D, and TF2 I can use ""Enter"" for chat without this problem.While the game has improved since February, and I'd think twice about my demand that it be labelled ""Early Access"", I still don't recommend this game for the vanishingly small community of players.Original Review Feb 5, 2014Strike Vector should be sold as Early Access. Core gameplay is nice. The rest is buggy, incomplete, and raw.Add a mental ""Early Access"" tag and disclaimer when considering the asking price. Also consider whether the multiplayer community will exist a few months from now when, presumably, the game will be more polished.Myself, I didn't appreciate being duped into paying for an open beta.Update 1:Although you can search the forum for numerous bug reports and valid criticisms, here are the specific problems I encountered:* default keybinding are broken out the gate(remains as of 8/2)* server browser is buggy, putting you in random servers if you attempt to sort(fixed)* on occassion, I just get a momentary black screen and then I'm out of the game and back to the main menu(fixed)* all other interfaces beyond the core game engine feel like an afterthought(remains as of 8/2)* keybinding interface is unpolished and buggy(remains as of 8/2)* keybinding interface is unavailable in the hangar(fixed)* keybinding interface will re-launch you when dead whenever you use left-mouse button to interact with the keybinding UI. When dead, LMB immediately re-launches you. However, this should be disabled whenever I bring up the options UI.(remains as of 8/2)* lack of tooltips to explain what certain features are(remains as of 8/2)* redundant movement controls: ""move forward"" and ""post combustion"" do the same thing, but have two separate key binds(remains as of 8/2)Update 2:Upon reading other reviews, I learned that many of the aforementioned bugs were known during the beta. If reviewer Rhino is to be believed, Ragequit was deleting forum posts that listed bugs, presumably because the game was launching a week later. So instead of fixing bugs, or delaying the release, or labelling the product Early Access, Ragequit chose deception."
,Recommended,246700,23771197,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,"FYI, this game might look dead but there are regular games. You need to check the steam group for a link to the Discord channel, or just show up at scheduled times."
,Not Recommended,246700,9876042,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Sharps,"The servers are always ♥♥♥♥ing empty.  This is why I wanted the game to be free-to-play, so more people can get the chance to play it.  This is one of my favorite games and it's sad to see it die off like this."
,Not Recommended,246700,28356626,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Atm0s,Excellent game is dead
,Recommended,246700,17636064,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,𝖓𝖊𝖎𝖌𝖍𝖇𝖔𝖚𝖗,noice m8.
,Not Recommended,246700,24135891,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,do not touch borf,"the game is fun when it isn't dead, unfortunately, it's dead all the time. i'd probably play it more, if it wasn't, you know,dead."
,Recommended,246700,28477198,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Thunder,"great multiplayer game,  but no players. :("
76561198067051227,Recommended,246700,19427823,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Scat Connoisseur,"This game has no skill ceiling. There is no limit to how good you can be. You can fight an entire room and spawn camp everyone at the same time if you are good enough. There's no advantages to get by playing more than someone else. If you're 1337 gamer, you can spawn in at rank 1 and absolutely destroy everyone.However, if you're not good, you will get destroyed all day every day until you get better. Funny how the game's exit button is called ""rage quit,"" because that's what 99% of people do, and it's what you will do. You will get 0 kills an entire round, along with eveyone else in the room except for one guy who goes 30-0. That's most likely what your first games will look like.As far as gameplay, it doesn't get any faster than this.If you are the kind of person that wants an extreme challenge and to fight people at the most ridiculous of speeds, then this is the game for you. It's similar to Armored Core For Answer.If you're a casual, get lost."
,Not Recommended,246700,19106812,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Von Overkill,Zero server population.
76561198036360341,Not Recommended,246700,9049284,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Venjinse,"EDIT :  Game was updated, still no one playing :(Steam Charts Player #I wasted my money but you don't have to.This game has followed the sad trend of putting an unfinished game up for sale so this is only a skeleton of what you would expect for $25. What's here is the most fun I've had in a long time and I would love to recommend this game to get more people playing but it wouldn't be right. Even the devs admit there is a huge lack as everytime you shut down the game you get a splash screen showing ""More content coming soon!""I want this game to do well, it really is a blast to play but it seems to me this is another case of a dev running out of money and then selling what they have in the hopes they make enough money to finish the project. This is basically a Kickstarter but on the Steam store trying to convince you it's a complete game.Once there is a full game here, once the community can make maps/mods, and if there are still people playing once all that happens then this will be a great game worth your time and money. Right now you are paying for hope."
,Recommended,246700,23353935,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,DAV3,WHY IS THIS F**KING GAME DEAD??? IT'S F**KING AWESOME!!!!
76561198051260080,Recommended,246700,26374668,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Vaporforce,I am recommending this game on the chance that one day this game will get a random hype revive. Because in all honesty it is a really good game and its sad (but true) that people downvote it just because the multiplayer is pretty much dead. I don't blame them but dont give a game bad reviews just because something that is out of the developer's/player's control is happening.Pros:- Good graphics- solid gameplay- fun customization options for weapons and ships- Cool maps / gametypesCon:- Nobody plays it anymore
,Not Recommended,246700,24757386,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Villain in Glasses,"This is an absolutely amazing game!Reader: ""But Danodan, you wrote a negative review... You're not making any sense.""Just hear me out... this is an absolutely amazing game that is crazy fun... but it's dead.Strike Vector is an incredibly fun, dogfighting shooter that features:- All 6 degrees of movement.- Switching between jet and hover modes.- Mix and match weapons for the left and right wings.- Crazy fast, manic combat that is rediculously fun.- Even has a zero-gravity stage that makes full use of the laws of inertia.But for some reason, nobody plays it anymore, and being a multiplayer-only game that doesn't feature bots... that's kind of a death sentence. I really wish I could give this a positive review to mabye attract some new players to the scene, but that would be dishonest so I can't do that. Still a great game if you have an interested group of friends."
,Recommended,246700,14360539,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Schwayguy,"Pretty good, makes you feel like a space pilotthe dogfights are intense, the weapon variaty is great and the maps are the coolset ive seenworth every penny, just needs more players"
,Not Recommended,246700,23106499,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Crow,"Was a great game, but the developer ""Ragequit""."
,Not Recommended,246700,16199863,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,reier,"It really pains me to say this, but buying this game would be a waste of your money.Don't get me wrong. The game itself is amazing. It's fast-paced, challenging, and a total blast. The problem is there is zero player base now. Seriously. Absolutely no one was on a sever the last few times I've logged in.Yes, it has a single player challenge mode, but it pales in comparison to the multiplayer. When it was active, that is.This really makes me sad as it had so much potential but it just died out. Sorry guys."
,Recommended,246700,29753838,Posted: 6 February,all,DeadiPod,"I picked this game up on a weekend sale a couple years ago, because i thought it looked amazing. The six degrees of movement and being able to fly however I wanted through some incredible lookiing environments. But once I finally got into a server there were only 3 other people playing at all. We played a couple 2v2 matches, and that was fun for a bit, then the game felt slower than advertised and shown by some clips on YouTube and such. There just weren't enough players to get the full experience. I'd check back everyweek or two hoping more people would have found this rediculous game, but no one did. The game is still installed on my computer. And I patiently wait for, either the next game...., or for talented members of the community to pick up where it's been left off. Either way, Strike Vector will remain on my HDD prolly till the end of its life.I beg people to pick this game up again and invite new people back to it. There is so much this game does correctly for someone looking for a fast, technical, competetive and one-of-a-kind experience. PLEASE!!  I miss this game    best arena shooter   2013/14/15/16/17 imo     but who cares"
,Recommended,246700,11522733,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,xaerock,"Strike Vector is a fusion of space combat game (Freespace, Descent etc) and FPS with a high skill ceiling. If you've played Strike Suit Zero this game is sort of similar, but more hardcore (no autoaim, faster paced, easy to crash, etc.) and designed for multiplayer.In the game your ship has a flight mode and a hover mode. Flight mode gives you superior speed but you cannot turn quickly. Hover mode allows you to hover in place and aim like you would in an FPS, you are able to turn 180 degrees instantly if you turn fast enough.Learning to switch between the modes effectively is key to getting good with the controls, since there is no delay in changing modes since hover mode is excellent for aiming shots and stopping momentum.Navigating the maps which have a lot of complexity and various hidden paths is a skill in itself. Flying through complex paths at max speed while trying to flee enemy fire can feel very rewarding in a way I can't really remember experiencing in any other game, usually space combat or mech games don't have this complex environments. Powerup and healing items are also hidden in difficult places to encourage exploring, similarly to many old school FPS games.The maps are well designed and really bring out the potential of the combat. For beginners the complexity can be a turnoff since it can be easy to crash into walls, but on the flipside this makes you learn the controls very quickly if you have some patience.There are a wide variety of weapons which all have their own strengths. Though as of the current patch (1.0.4008) missiles and the LMG are pretty useless, but apart from those it feels very balanced. There are a variety of game modes that are typical for FPS games but they all work quite well with the maps.My biggest negative point in the game is the games graphics settings, which are pretty much nonexistent ingame. It's very easy to manually set various detail settings just by editing a text file with false/true entries, but that makes it even more confusing as to why it isn't implemented ingame. With default settings the system requirements can be very high but at low settings you should be able to reach constant 60fps on a mid-tier system.A lot of people have complained about the lack of players, but at least from my experience in the european servers there are always at least 20-30 people playing which isn't bad at all unless you want to avoid expert players or tend to switch servers a lot.The developers are releasing updates for the game every few months to polish features and add new maps/modes which is very nice to see. I think this could really be a big cult classic if they keep it up."
76561198087503955,Recommended,246700,26897712,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[AKA] TzeroX,"The company made it very clear with their nameRageQuit!For new players this game is a tortue and nothing u can go through if you are just looking for a ""casual"" match..But! If you are interested and willing to actually invest some time into this awesome game then there are plenty of people and chances for you to step up your game and actually enjoy it on a daily basis.Yes the population is super low, but we managed to gather them all together.Tutorials, Tipps&Tricks and even populated games every day whenever u want, u just have to sacrifice your 10 minutes to get into contact with the people (most likely just getting into the Discord chat and spamming around like a maniac... yes that actually helps)I still enjoy to play it after 700hours and the community that is left are such good and nice people, u just want to hang around with them and have a nice chat!AKA TzeroXEDIT:SVM Group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/StrikeVectorMeetupsDiscord:https://discord.gg/011S4Aeq5hOeMp25FIntroduce Yourself:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/StrikeVectorMeetups/discussions/0/594820656446015877/Twitter:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/StrikeVectorMeetups/discussions/0/343786195673973710/"
,Recommended,246700,8905609,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,KT_Extinction,"Competitive Star Fox on crack.This game is so. much.FUN. It markets itself as a ""Brutal Aerial FPS"" which may sound weird at first, but it really does play like a fast paced twitch shooter like Quake but in the sky. And my goodness is it fast paced!Just a tap on the W key and your diminutive ""vector"" will zoom forward with a quick burst of its engines, turning the landscape into a blur. It's so fast and overwhelming at first that you'll crash repeatedly the first few times you play this game. And you will most definitely crash. A LOT. This is very disheartening since the scoreboard will track your ""suicides"" as negative points. I understand why this is the case, it would be too easy to deny kills to your enemies by just suiciding whenever they have an edge on you. However, it does feel pretty crappy to see your team stuck at 1/25 kills needed to win, even though your teamates have made 5 kills your negative score balances it out...You need to practice a bit with the game, and there's a solo flight mode where you can get a handle on the controls. After a couple hours you'll feel like a huge badass zipping in and out of the varied machinery ridden maps with reckless abandon, passing centimeters away from certain death. The controls are simple to understand, using only the mouse the direct your flight, and with practice you will feel like a master of the sky, barrel rolls and all. This is the most responsive flight combat game I've ever played. Your vector can engage a hover mode which is designed to let you take precision shots in a stationary position, and you'll find yourself using this mode as a ""brake"" to navigate difficult areas. If you've seen any gameplay footage of this game, you'll see how fast and fluid the flying looks. It just feels and plays amazing. When you get shot down by an enemy you can still maintain control over your disabled vector for a short while, allowing you to even kill your attacker by kamikazing into him. ♥♥♥♥ing great. I picked this up hoping it would tide me over until Star Citizen's dog fighting module is released, and it is doing a decent job of scratching that particular itch.Every weapon, perk, and special ability is available from the get-go, so the only progression comes in the form of cosmetic upgrades. This allows you to specialize in whatever kind of combat you want, whether it be a long range plasma sniper or a close range shotgunner (yes, one of the weapons is a giant shotgun you mount on your airplane). You can dual wield any two weapons you want, so you can either double down and get two snipers (to get that satisfying insta-kill) or wield a gattling gun for chases coupled with swarm missiles for when the target is close. Each weapon also has a couple extra customization options, allowing you to increase damage, range, or evensilence(yep, there's silencers too) them accordingly. This means that there's a huge variety of viable combinations that you can use. I personally only use two of the same weapon, however. I don't think my brain can process two different firing rates while zooming around corners at hundreds of miles an hour. Strike Vector really makes you earn your kills, and it's supremely satisfying when you manage to shoot down an enemy.This game isn't perfect, however. The server browser is kind of wonky at the moment. When I try to join a game it'll sometimes just put me in a completely random server. The sound design sounds awesome when you're in close combat or dogfighting, but switch to hover mode far away from everything and it turns almost serenely quiet, almost creepily. There's no music at all during the gameplay. It's very jarring to see far off ships flying around blowing each other up in complete silence even though you can clearly see them. This can be remedied by creating a directional sound system so you can hear combat far away. Another problem is that the W key doesn't work when you first play. Imagine my surprise when I first booted up this game, excited to chase enemies down, but my vector just slowly ""putt putts"" forward no matter how many times I pressed W. Re-binding they key and changing it back seemed to fix it for me, however.The developers promise that every single DLC will be free for owners of the game, which is pretty neat. The first content is supposed to be released on Feb. 28.If you want ""BRUTAL AERIAL COMBAT"" this game most definitely delivers that. The gameplay is so addictive and fun it's easy to recommend. Like I said, STAR FOX ON CRACK."
,Not Recommended,246700,18575623,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Baphomet,"Hello? Is there anybody out there? Helloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo(me trying to play this game online)Neat concept, but the online for this game is totally dead and I don't feel like doing challenge runs all by my lonesome (which is pretty much all there is to do since barely any SP content). Oh well, I got this for like $1 so hard to stay mad about it."
,Not Recommended,246700,23274435,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Avro,"Never got a chance to play the game since the community is dead, Do I have hope of a community coming back?No I do not because I live in Australia and if the game is dead in America it's dead and not likely coming back.Save the money and don't buy it the game has no single player side to it aside from some weird checkpoint race things."
,Recommended,246700,8890726,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,kirb#1652,quake in space
,Not Recommended,246700,26366743,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Agent BLU,"If it's TD:DR....Seems no one plays skill-based shooters anymore.  And because the game requires skill and effort to fly these ships, this had scared off just about the entire damn steam population. Like the moment effort is mentioned, no one would dare pick this game up.join this group for meet upshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/StrikeVectorMeetupsOtherewise the game is empty.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++if you didnt know how to fly and shoot at the same time at 900 something miles per hour without crashing into walls and scoring kills left and right as much as possible, you were pretty much deemed unqualified to fly a vector and you just died by a more experienced pilot.  that's right.  it's a quick reminder of how shooters were back in the 90's; you didn't know how to play the game, you were ♥♥♥♥ed until you knew how to afterwards.Not in this generation of video gaming though. you can just hop on some generic online game military shooter and press X on the controller to kill the guy across the map somehow and win the game, and strut your MLG-♥♥♥♥♥♥ry all over the god damn place while everyone else ejaculates all because you're holding a bolt action sniper rifle whom you just killed the other player with.   Yea that's competitive online gaming for you these days.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...the number one problem with this game is that there is absolutely no entry point for the new player to figure out how to play and get better----no, that guy gets ♥♥♥♥ed up all because they're new.  It was a veteran > new guy situation every single time and seems like no one has the patience and energy to get blasted out of the sky 30 times in a row until they ragequit, all before they finally get how to play the damn game.  that's how the 90's were with pc first person shooters, either git gud or go home.  simple as that.  And what that does is generate a hostile environment which just chases away players instead of retaining them.,Another thing is that there's not much content for the game, like maps, more vector models and parts which to make your fighter ship stand out from the crowd...which wouldnt really matter much anyway, because everyone would just shoot to kill and that was it..   There's no mod tools for the game to creat maps either.Other than the usual multiplayer deathmatch games...all there really is is deathmatch, team deathmatch, CTF, and bounty hunter.  There is another team game involving two capital ships and it's really a race to see which team disables the other  ship by destroying it's systems in seperate locations first while the other team either defends or attacks.Graphically, the game looks ♥♥♥♥ing nice.  I'll give it that.once you had the controls down, it plays just like starfox..and pressing the space bar lets you switch to harrier mode, slower but you're in alot more control while aiming, but that'll leave you a sitting duck, so it was important in my view is to use both flight modes to your advantage, kind of like that Robotech Battlecry game on the gamecube, because when you look at the back of the box, it literally says ""Change or die"", because it was a game based on an anime about a special veritech technology that was literally a walking tank that could transform into a fighter jet and also become a hybrid of both at the same time and it was used to fight against an alien race that was bent on taking over earth.  pretty cool actually.  you should check it out.There's a loadout section before you spawn in the level which you can swtich many different combination of two weapons along with one of the few available perks and special abilities like EMP, cloaking or even afterburner boost which helps you get out of the hot zone pretty fast but you were prone to crashing and yes, if you crash while in vector mode you would die instantly.  no joke.  so don't ♥♥♥♥ing crash.  you could drag your team's score down that way too because a suicide deducts one point from you, which also takes away from the team.But the perks and abilities don't really change the table that much unlike in any of the Call of Duty games where one person can potentially end the entire game by nuking the entire map and kill everyone in it, or any of the abilities aren't like on Destiny where the hunter class can instant kill everyone within a 10 mile radius with a knife attack with zero ♥♥♥♥ing effort, so on Strke Vector, it still comes down to skill to see who is the deadliest pilot in the sky.  You may have the nanobot health regenerating field, but the ability can also work against you if someone else comes in the healing field and also repair their aircraft, or that emp generator that ♥♥♥♥s up everyone's controls who are caught in the sphere but it'll also shut down your vector for a moment i think.    Each of the abilitiy has a draw back and that's how the way it should be.And that's really it as far as content go.  I don't think even free to play would save this title either, because most F2P games go to♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway.  People would still rage quit because they wouldn't be able to sweep the floor with the more experienced pilots, and plus real money wouldn't be used to make your vector stronger/faster, whatever cosmetic options that give you more stats and boosts over non-paying players, because SV is about taking your own pilot skills and testing them against other players in a fair arena combat not because some child had dropped their parant's money on useless crates and got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of weapons and items that boosts their attacks and whatnot--which none of that exists here..., and guess what?That's kind of the idea what the arena shooter genre brings: You either bring your A game and then win..or else lose with dignity knowing you put in your best effort anyway and had fun!....ORjust get the ♥♥♥♥ out and go home kind of deal...or better yet, just deal with the loss and do better next time.that right there is like the harsh reality that most modern video games today shield everyone from as much as possible.  What do I know about all this stuff?  I'm not the greatest player at this game.Its not really worth the money because of all this.  they should lower it the price tag, or better yet, get the game while it's on sale.  Bottom line is there's just no ♥♥♥♥ing support for this game either since the console versions are out I think.   There needs to be matchmaking, and some other things that grab the player's attention.  there needs to be more creative game modes, such as racing around the maps..which would really feel like pod racing.on a side note...ever wondered why there's 1-ups like candy in every level in the new super mario bros games??   Those things were rare to find in the early NES/SNES era of mario games so that would more motivate you to not get mario killed in those levels.  Nowadays, it's like ""Whateva!  I gotz like twev-hudred lieves!""    Now do you see what video gaming today has most likely become?Just one more thing, there is a group on steam specifically for finding SV games to play.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/StrikeVectorMeetupsbecause otherwise you won't find other players to play this game with.It's not a bad game at all.  It does exactly what it says it does....  fast paced high flying action, high skill ceiling. it's competitive, which is also great.  it sounds great on paper and it seems very well executed here.  Its that no one wants to play this damn game, which is the reason why its difficult for me to recommend to anyone.No enemy vectors in sight.  Returning to Steam."
76561198049651622,Recommended,246700,14067537,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,MUTAiTO,"Great game, no lag, great graphics, a must have. If u be patient and seek for a good time, there are enough players !"
,Recommended,246700,10858125,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Anyone playing overwatch?,"For the love of god buy this game. Half the reason this game is quote ""dead"" is because people see there's no servers running then NEVER play it again or they read a review saying its dead before buying it and NEVER buy the game."
,Recommended,246700,10844312,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[AKA] Svælther,"An insane and insanely fast-paced dogfighting game unlike anything I've ever seen, with a spirit and a skill ceiling on par with the old arena shooters.All the bugs I've met have been fixed and the UI had been improved.A must have."
,Not Recommended,246700,23731278,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FattyQ,"I originally bought this about a year ago, and it was wonderful, people to play with and a fun community. I rememebered recently that I got this game, and launched it up. To my dismay, no one is playing it any longer, and there isnt a single player mode that you can really do to experience anything. That being said, no reason to pay money for this game any longer. Do not buy it."
,Recommended,246700,10509375,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Longshotrider,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is fast paced as hell, super fun and incredibly awesome!Getting into the game is a bit hard because you will need to find a good sensitivity and setup for yourself, but once you get aquainted, you are in for the ride of your life!GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,246700,10881893,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Saber15,"The ""quit"" button is labeled ""RAGEQUIT""10/10"
,Not Recommended,246700,23414355,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Assbad,"Game seemed fun enough but it's dead. Of course, saying it's dead in reviews will only ensure its death, but I think we waited long enough for it to change..."
76561198087794419,Recommended,246700,21921846,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION?:*Yes, for who enjoy PvP, tactical piloting, leaderboard ranking, buy it*No, for who is looking for campaign, versus npc, casual play, don't buy itGAME DIFFICULTY:( _ ) Adjustable on new game( _ ) Adjustable on each stage( _ ) Adjustable in mid game( ✔ ) Not adjustable( _ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable loadout / Startup customization( _ ) Set higher difficult to increase reward( _ ) Penalty if objective failed / death( _ ) No hints / GuidelineESTIMATED COMPLETION TIME:*Maybe around 7 hoursMAIN FEATURES:( ✔ ) Online Player versus Player( _ ) Online Cooperative( ✔ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( _ ) Online Daily / Weekly / Monthly Challenges( ✔ ) Player Looks Customization( ✔ ) Player Body Customization( ✔ ) Unlockable more Looks( _ ) Unlockable Perks / Ability / Skill( _ ) Unlockable Weapon Upgrades( _ ) Unlockable Artworks / NPC Models / Codex( ✔ ) Unlockable Emblem / Badge( _ ) Earn something to buy more upgrade( _ ) Linear Storyline( _ ) Random loots/npc/map/ selected( _ ) Random levelgenerated( _ ) Photo Mode( ✔ ) Personal Best( ✔ ) Statistic Progression( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( _ ) Open World (Fast Travel Around)( _ ) Hidden / Collectible Items( _ ) Mod Support( _ ) Steam Achievements (total: 0)( ✔ ) Steam Trading Cards( ✔ ) Steam Cloud Save( _ ) Steam Tradable / Marketable item drop( _ ) Provide Multiple Slot to Save( _ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat System( ✔ ) Controller Support( _ ) VR SupportONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >20 weekday >100 weekend( _ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( _ ) >1 weekday >3 weekend( ✔ ) 0 weekday 0 weekend( ✔ ) Online is imbalance( _ ) Online is has many irritated people( _ ) Online is fun, but preferably offline( ✔ ) Online is empty, have to play offlineLIKES:+Transformable jet / hover mode+Customizable looks+Beautiful maps!+Friends leaderboard rankings+All weapons unlocked at beginning!+Various weapons mods+Various challenge mode for singleplayer+Challenge mode: racing & destory small dronesDISLIKES:-No story-Ojective is not clear-Challenge mode is more to racing more than combat-Challenge mode require speedy pilot skill-Spacecraft will easily crash on obstacle / walls-Default leaderboard is world record ranking-Online play is made for skillful players-Online play is made for high-speed internet players-Online play to unlock customization-Very hard to levelupQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2014)A+CinematicCContents VolumeBArtisticALevel DesignB-Combat TacticA+Sound & MusicBRealistic AnimatedAOnline ValueB-Replay ValueA-Bug-FreeAOverallB+WORTH BUYING?( _ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( ✔ ) Yes, but too expensive( _ ) No, this game have no further improve( _ ) No, because i didn't know the value of this gameWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + individual DLC / Special Edition( _ ) Yes, base game + Season Pass (all DLC)( _ ) No, DLC is different value( ✔ ) No DLC( _ ) DLC is includedBEST DISCOUNT:75% off, since June 2017http://store.steampowered.com/app/246700/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhjXMJuiu-k*Game File Size: 1.56 GB"
,Recommended,246700,10640099,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Strife,"This game is amazing and gorgeous. If you love competitive space action games, this is your game!"
,Not Recommended,246700,19832830,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,maryisdead,"Awesome game, for real. Well polished gameplay with a bit of a learning curve but very rewarding once you get the hang of it.Unfortunately this game's dead."
,Not Recommended,246700,30069130,Posted: 20 February,all,crush,sucks
,Recommended,246700,12472438,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Mail-Order Horror,"It'll take 4+ hours to master the movement, but worth it, seriously, PLAY/ BUY THIS GAME, IT NEEDS PLAYERS!"
,Recommended,246700,33007129,Posted: 29 June,all,Oopy Doopy,"This game is great fun.  I highly recommend picking up a 4-pack while it's on sale and giving it out to friends to play with.  It's a bit of a catch-22 to not buy a game you are interested in because of an extremely low player count.  It perpetuates the problem.  Don't get it if you don't have any friends to play with, that's fair, but if you do, you'll have a good time playing this with them and you won't feel like you need more players (outside of a couple maps that are too big for small games)."
,Not Recommended,246700,22337194,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Lecturer T,"Hello?????Anybody hear me???Hellooooooooooooooooooo... :((My money, give me my money :(("
76561198026214145,Recommended,246700,23620924,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Shades_For_Sha3es,"The game is freakin awesome!The only small problem is that the player base is very small but dedicated !If you are going to get this game I would check out the player groups, because they usually host events and hang outs !"
76561198029032472,Recommended,246700,11173905,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,{AKA}Plazma_Slash,"So I have played Strike Vector for a long time now. And I LOVE IT, I love everything you can do and accomplish, I love the player base, and I love being good at it.But it's incredibly hard, like really hard for some, and impossible for many because of it's MASSIVE learning curve. And that is what makes the game interesting for some people but it leaves some people at an increadible disadvantage. This makes rounds unballanced and annyoying even infuriating for new players.So beyond that learning curve SV becomes a thing of beauty and innovation making rounds feel like a true challenge when up against the right players. And well ballenced wepons and skills add to that (except swarm and homming missles just don't). AND THE SKILL OF YOUR FLYING IS INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT AS WELL AS YOU SKILL AT KILLING PEOPLE these are eaqual (that just makes me happy personaly) So I as an experianced player give this game a 8/10 but that might change with beacuse the devs are making the experiance for new player a little better each time update."
,Not Recommended,246700,19186822,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,InferNovus,R.I.P Strike Vector player base.
,Recommended,246700,16244493,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,SilverFox_,"The controls, the concept, the gameplay, the action. Everything about this game is great. However there is no one playing it. there are no servers or players. This is a great game but there is no one to play it. If you like what you see in the trailer, the game is actually wayyyyy better. But since no one plays it, you can't play the game anymore. If the diveloper switched to free to play, this game would legitimently be the next quake.Since the game is dead, I gathered people who would still like to play the game and made a steam group called StrikeVectorMeetups. If you've bought the game and want to play it, join it. We have weekly meets to play the game on a specific server to try and revive this awesome game."
,Recommended,246700,14343978,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Seven,I like this game a lot
,Recommended,246700,10526599,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Joey Asagiri,"Strike Vector is a very good game, don't listen to the people saying no one is playing, yes the community is small, but everytime I started the game up I could find atleast three or more servers, each with atleast 6 to 12 people on each of those servers.The game is very fast paced, and is a lot of fun, there is no progression system to unlock weapons or special abilities, every weapon, passive bonus and special action is unlocked right from the start, so you do not need to grind to get something you like. The only thing you can unlock from playing and leveling up is cosmetic parts for your ship, background decals for your profile and pieces of developer artwork.The game has a high skill ceiling and it can be quite difficult when you start playing, since most of the weapons aren't all that easy to hit, and due to the speed of the vectors makes it pretty common to crash into walls or terrain multiple times while learning the game.The game has a set of Tutorial missions which decently teach you the mechanics, but they aren't all that great, they do have leaderbords thought so they act more as challenge runs than being an actual tutorial.The only downside to the game is that it has no single player, so all of the game is multiplayer, this might not be enough for some people, but I think 12 dollars is a decent price for this game, alternatively you could wait for an inevitable steam sale.Also note that there is no music in-game, there is music in the menus, but nothing in the game, but other than that, Strike Vector is very enjoyable shooter, it's fast paced and hard, and it is so much fun."
,Not Recommended,246700,19905729,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gamer With No Name,The joypad controls are like a sick joke.
76561197974908399,Recommended,246700,10859767,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,WaR | Spliff Craven,"I love this game!Very fast; Very furious. This game has an excellent blend of speed and firepower.For some there may be a steep learning curve. Just do the tutorials and hone your skills until you feel comfortable to go into a live match.There are even solo maps so you can tool around and learn every map's secrets at your own pace.You can even run your own servers!Also:First and third person views and you can change on the fly.Customizable controls that can be double bound if you prefer. this makes for a very comfortable and personal experience.When you start all items and ""skills"" are available to you.Definately worth the price. Get it and challenge me..."
76561198006988041,Recommended,246700,10643809,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Drlolzphd,"Awesome game, got it during the Summer Sale and been loving every minute of it. The community is small but the only way to fix it is if you help out and buy it!"
,Recommended,246700,10858490,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Maelas,Pretty cool Arial FPS. Im definitely a fan. Hopefully more people begin to play and more servers can be used.
,Not Recommended,246700,26393962,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Not_Hunter,Playing a multiplayer game without other players is difficult. Do not buy at this stage. I bought it two years ago and still couldn't find people to play with. Find something else that's similar and released more recently or has a stronger community.
76561198128612611,Not Recommended,246700,19028131,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Bibly,"Skyrim is more alive than this multi-player game,No one plays this...6/10"
76561198027039975,Recommended,246700,10521027,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,PirataBonifacio,"This game is amazing! I completely love it: Very fast, very intense and very sofisticated. Of course it is not for lazy or ocational players, you have to learn how to play and you have  to die a lot to learn. If you are into fast FPS, this is definetively worth it!"
,Recommended,246700,10510059,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Mistocles,Totally worth the price.  Ton of fun.  FPS with variable fighters?  Yes thank you.
76561198030853806,Recommended,246700,10512883,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Desert Gurt,This is easily the most original FPS in years.
76561198080759278,Recommended,246700,15880337,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Microsoft One Note,"This game is one of the best multiplayer games that I've played. It's super fast paced and easy to pick up. What I like about this game is that it doesn't have unlockables. This is great because, no matter who you are up against, you are on equal ground. Great game!"
,Not Recommended,246700,17888409,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zen-Zinxe,Probably the coolest game I've ever gotten for a 1.50$.Too bad nobody plays anymore.
76561198001648398,Recommended,246700,10857459,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,S73nd4rr,"Great game, while it does have the standard balancing issues that most competative combat/action games have, it still turns out to be a very fun game, and the devs do a solid on trying to balance whatever they can. The flying in this game in all honesty is the biggest seller for me, it's fluid, smooth, and reactive, I really enjoy ducking and weaving through tight spaces while people are chasing you, and it's incredibly satisfying to juke someone out, and have them slam into a wall and explode. The learning curve for this game is quite steep, and the servers aren't always the most stable, however if you are patient, and eager to invest some time (it only took me like a 2 hour session, maybe less to learn to fly, and fight deciently) it is definitly a blast to play! Customization in this game is also fairly deep, and is made available to you right off the bat, no weapon unlocks, and you can build your ship anywhich way you want! which adds to better team play, and situational presets, depending on the map you're in! all in all this game is fantastic as long as it's on sale, I highly recommend it"
,Recommended,246700,10931236,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Space Sheriff Gaben,"If you like large, open spaces and crazy missilegasms on the level of Macross, with 3D maneuvering similar to the classic Descent in an open world area where death can and will come from any direction, you will get a kick out of Strike Vector. Mecha fans will in particular enjoy it. Everything is unlocked to start -- there is no DLC. The playing field is level, and the weapons are fair. Therefore, if you are getting killed, you need to GITGUD. The game looks, sounds, and plays magnificently, with a transformable fighter craft that switches effortlessly between a space fighter and a VTOL like craft called a harrier. Big, meaty explosions and jet sounds will keep you entertained as your craft screams through the twisted landscape, which oftentimes looks like a combination between a junkyard and a Japanese shrine.There are strong /m/echa influences.However, let me also say this, and consider this a warning. As others have said, while there are very few servers that are populated. The Steam sale may return some of those to life. There is no single player to speak of other than time trials, but the company does appear to be releasing regular content updates, so if you catch this game during the Steam sale, I would consider that a good investment. You'd pay more than that to play that sit down fighter plane game at Dave & Busters, and it's not even half as fun as this."
,Recommended,246700,24394700,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,A-Kai,Come play this ♥♥♥♥ing game with me come on it's ♥♥♥♥ing easy too I don't know who are the whiners who keep complaining it's hard or the enemies fly away when you shoot at them or♥♥♥♥♥♥but they must be babies because the controls are tight the game was meant to be a ♥♥♥♥ing dogfighting simulation come play.
76561198018212326,Recommended,246700,10562827,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Julius,"Twitch shooter meets dogfighting simulator. This is Quake in the skies. Real hard, steep learning curve but oh so very fun! Even dying in this game is epic!"
76561198065794661,Recommended,246700,10858240,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,YONO,"Me: I have great reaction time, and I have awsome hand eye cordination.Game: We'll see about that..."
,Recommended,246700,11017696,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Fiskbit,"Steep learning curve, incredible speed, tight controls, and immense challenge. The movement mechanics are very satisfying, with the spacebar used to switch between a fast movement mode and a slow movement mode, critical for turning on a dime and navigating through the maps. These maps are varied and full of objects to fly between and crash into, and the settings, such as a space shrine surrounded by spinning debris, are very appealing. The community seems small, but the game is excellent and the developer looks to still be actively improving it even half a year after release. This is a very fast-paced twitch game and I definitely recommend it highly."
,Recommended,246700,25834835,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RevBear420,"wish the game had more people playing it and less empty servers :( Love the game design and concept, even more so if it was brought over to VR :O"
,Recommended,246700,33134571,Posted: 2 July,all,FlightFight,Areyou kidding me? This game is fantastic and no-one is playing it!!!
76561198099849372,Recommended,246700,11616270,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,The C stands for Cancer,"The game is awesome, servers are full now.The graphics are absoluetly gorgeous and perfectly optimized, runs great on my sh*ty computer.The weapons are perfectly balanced and insanely fun to use."
76561198056746213,Not Recommended,246700,21397863,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Withershins,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME! I don't know wtf happened but there are only about 7 servers ever up and nobody is ever on them. This game was fun and fast paced but it is just completely dead.I would love to recommend this game, but there is no way I ever would with there not even being access to the multiplayer which is the whole reason I bought it."
,Not Recommended,246700,18634374,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,birb,"Fun game, dead game"
76561198009067077,Not Recommended,246700,20840309,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,GRANIT Salvo,Well......it's an aerial FPS....that doesn't accept a flightstick.  K+M or 360 pad only.  My excitement dropped to 0.
76561198016741620,Recommended,246700,28416544,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hairytikiman,Great game. One of the best. Just no community online.
,Not Recommended,246700,14005637,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Cheridan,Multiplayer-oriented game with 0 players.
,Recommended,246700,10688950,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,e dragon,a wonderful game. all weapons and perks unlocked at start. fast fun gameplay
76561198073268251,Recommended,246700,10676246,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,stubbsys,pretty hard to learn but once you do its alot of fun. some cool and inventive gamemodes too
76561198129462695,Recommended,246700,12543512,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,ＭaＬＥ ＦaＮＴＡＳＹ,"Trully a masterpeace this game is like no other before.Unlike it is TOTTALY THE SAME AS STRIKE SUIT INFINITY AND ZEROaccept this version has multiplayer.This is one of ""those"" games were you almost never get better at it but still find it fun as hell?"
,Recommended,246700,20001492,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kto tam?,"This is a beautiful game with good mechanics, graphics, and gameplay and whatnot. One (easily fixable) problem: No one EVER plays it. You're lucky to get into a server with 2 other people. And here's the solution: All the people who complain about how little people play this game, open this game and play it. So many people complain about how few people play it that if everyone stopped complaining and started playing it all the servers would always be full. So please, do buy this game."
76561198004653111,Not Recommended,246700,14779786,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,jmspeedfreak,"No one is playing this game. For a multiplayer game that has 3 people playing globally on a Saturday... ridiculous, I feel ripped off, save your money."
,Not Recommended,246700,8908888,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sledge,"I am writing this late at night so I wont go into much detailThis game can be fun, but it can be frustraiting. One horrible choice is to have when ships crash it counts as a -1 kill for them, but none for yourself. TDM matches can go on forever even when there are over 100 kills on both sides. \Yes you can dodge missles, but it is hard as ♥♥♥♥, somtimes your position will make in impossible. The seeker drones are BS and just fly around till they kill you, I would be ok with them if you could shoot them down along with other deployables.The real fun part of the game is the flying, You have the ability to go from a flying to stationary, think of a Harrier, just at about 10 times the speed, which is awesome when you duck and spin through the smallest of gaps and turns. less so when you ♥♥♥♥ up and crash.There is a lot of balence issues, and the lack of fun I am having is very saddening because when I heard of this game I was excited as all hell. I would say avoid for now, wait for patches to balence the game.And based on the other reivews, I expect this to get downvotes, but dont get me wrong, I want to love the game, I am average at it, even k/d, forgeting crashes. So yeah, bring in the dislikes without reading. I want to hit that yes button but I just can't. Not at this stage, Will update if it gets better."
,Recommended,246700,10860210,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tempestuous-senpai,2014 crashing sim 10/10
,Not Recommended,246700,8915722,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Frans,"Flying and turning enemies into fireballs is pretty fun.But the game lacks content, has too simple mechanics and has some balance issues."
,Not Recommended,246700,10151258,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,LonghornRed,"It's a game that satisfies only a particular audience....and the size of that audience is rather small. It truly lives up to the name of the studio Rage Quit. Only play this game if dying an insane amount of times, spending over 20 hours, before you start getting good is what you really love. Strike Vector is one of those games that if you don't LOVE IT, then you will not have fun unlike other games such as Call of Duty, PAYDAY2, and HAWKEN where you don't have to be a steep, L2P fanatic.Brutal, Intense, Dogfighting and true skill sniping with fire-and-forget swarm missles.Yeah, watch youtube videos FIRST. If you like merciless Aerial PVP then Stike Vector is for you.In other words, it is that kind of game that you need to be REALLY SURE ABOUT before you buy it. This game isn't meant for casual gamers or even thoughs who are hardcore FPS lovers. You need to LOVE Aerial combat and need to be BADASS at dogfighting if you want a chance of enjoying Strike Vector.Edit: Now its $12. That's more like it.I won't pretend to like this game. I don't at all because it's not for me and MANY people will agree after they get their asses handed to them by players who LOVE this massochist L2P curve that Strike Vector presens. Do I HATE this game? No. Gameplay aside they have fantastic visuals and original maps. I tell you now the weapons don't sound to impressive while your view is INSIDE the cockpit but switch to Third-Person and they sound much better; yes, they pay attention to detail. Soundtrake is solid.Ultimately, I don't reccomend this to anyone who ISN'T a hardcore fan of Aerial Combat and a STEEP, BRUTAL, L2P curve. I don't reccomend this game due to the large amount of players who WON'T like this game's merciless style. So casual gamers should stay away from this game and everyone else who doesn't like a game that favors only the strong and leaves everyone else in the dust, brutally beaten and exiting the game frustrated after spending $20.So with that said, if you love this L2P curve then Strike Vector is for you and your money will be well spent on a game that truly sates your thirst. Have fun! :)Edit: Now it's $12. Well, it's a step in the right direction."
,Not Recommended,246700,32187047,Posted: 4 June,all,8 Scenario,I remember when star made a vid on this and bought it full price. Its dead now and kinda wish I could get that money back.
,Recommended,246700,11271480,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Clank,This is the best.  Buy it.
76561198003558818,Recommended,246700,10858045,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Colthars,arcade game whit lightning action!!! great game for the price!!! totally worth it!!!!
,Recommended,246700,10929580,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MasterBLaha,Wow best Steam Sale game! Totally worth more then the price! SOLID GAME! It's faster then Quake and more PWN than Descent it's a great mix of FPS SLAUGHTER! Gameplay feels GOOD! Kills are Spot on! Every weapon in the game is deadly! Lock & LOAD! Don't be NOOB!
,Recommended,246700,10924553,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,King Of Sheep,"This thing used to be empty but thanks to Steam Summer Sales it has at least 5 people playing online! It isn't that bad anymore as long as people keep playing.Pros:-If you like mecha games or anime or movies, you'll like this- Makes you feel like a B.A every time you take down another player-Nothing limited, nobody has a specially avantage on supplies and weapons at anytime unlike other games-Art is pretty well done as well as the environentCons:- Hard to get a hang of, the first few games you'll be crashing into walls constantly but eventally you'll get it-Tutorials don't teach you anything, I suggest just playing online and learning from that-some weapons are just useless making some weapons unbalanced though I think this can be improved in the future"
,Recommended,246700,10944700,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Urotsuki,Crimson skies meets cybermech planes. all of my yes.- needs more players though.
,Recommended,246700,10965045,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,BlueKaiTheEnd,"This game is hard as hell when first playing. When I first discovered that boost button I'm like  ""YEEEEEEEAAH :D ! Can't hit me now!""...And then I crash into debris.This game is so laughs though. It has a ton of nice maps with a nice art style to it. The online community is actually decent as opposed to what people say.You can't go wrong buying this one.  Time to RageQuit"
76561198085476976,Recommended,246700,11444947,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,stoat,"This game is extremely different to anything else. Don't listen to the haters, you can always find a good server. BEWARE, this game also has a very big learning curve, so don't go into it expecting to pubstomp immediately. You do need to practice."
,Recommended,246700,10857116,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kevmuller,best 3 bucks ive ever spent. game needs more attention
,Recommended,246700,10930836,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gettooled,good gamegets better as you get betterat $3 you can't even think about avoiding this gameEDIT: Empty Servers D:no one is even playing this game anymore :(dead community D:
76561198027816821,Recommended,246700,10947062,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Unknown Ω,"This game deserve way more coverage!For a Beta, it's amready full of content, and Full of fun!"
76561198012288221,Recommended,246700,10990096,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Czunik,"Not bad .. depends on the price you get it for .. PvP only (except some minor challenges) .. nice graphics .. nice maps .. and FAST FAST FAST .. very steep learning curve, but also rewarding experience. Not for casualy players for sure."
,Recommended,246700,10859893,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Oxirane,"Pros:-Flying feels awesome. Controls are reactive and well designed.-All but cosmetics are available from the start. No grinding to unlock better weapons.Cons:-Not many people are ever online. It's rare to find more than 2-3 games which have more than 3-4 people.Overall this has the potential to be a really awesome competitive aerial FPS. It's tons of fun, looks good and is very cheap. It just needs more people playing it.Hopefully it being on sale will help with that."
,Recommended,246700,10930211,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lobo,"Good game but could definitely use some updates, particularly the menus. Not very informative, and look very outdated. Still a very solid and fun game. Enjoyable fast-paced gameplay, though it could use some balancing and better map design. I want more for this game, but at the moment I can only honestly give it roughly a 6.5/10. PLEASE update it so I can enjoy it more :]"
,Recommended,246700,11334339,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,SLUG2_,It's like FTL with guns!
76561197966464623,Recommended,246700,10538422,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,sPoiLeD,"Fast paced simple FPS. Dual Wield the same Weapon or choose between different combinations. Choose a Perk to gain more armor or be harder to detect. Lastly equip yourself with special Weaponry such as temporary stealth, mines, shields and more.Mechanics allow for tricky combat maneuvers and tactics. Switch between Vector and Harrier Mode to quickly change directions, get better aim at your enemies and evade enemy fire.Hop right into the action by joining one of the many game modes such as domination, capture the flag, Deathmatch, Teamdeathmatch and bountyhunter or take your time with the tutorials.Customize your Vector as you level up and unlock new features such as emblems, camo patterns and ship parts. Follow ingame Leaderboards to compare yourself with other Vector pilots.Be aware that this game might be very frustrating at first, but after adapting yourself to the controls and mechanics it is pretty fun. SO GET IN AND GET SHOOTING!"
,Recommended,246700,10591090,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,197,too ♥♥♥♥ing fun
76561198077833512,Recommended,246700,10855660,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Avollon,LOVE THIS GAME!!!! But not enough people play it but with the steam sale more people will join the game its fully worth it most fun i ever had with a fps BUY IT.
,Recommended,246700,10979462,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Amor Fati 117,"I recommend it. Music takes a backseat while you play so you can add any crazy soundtrack you want to it, and it usually fits.Also, it isn't dead, it's steadily growing. And it's not pay2win like some people mistakenly believe."
76561198053551673,Recommended,246700,10858992,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Nowhere Man,"I bought Strike Vector at its original price($20, if I recall correctly), and would gladly do so again. As of right now, it's sale price of $2.99 makes it the best $3 you will likely ever spend. Give it a chance, an you will not be dissappointed."
,Recommended,246700,10592181,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Your Boi Tera,10/10 Rockets win game
,Recommended,246700,10855882,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,an illusion,$3 FLASH SALE GET THIS NOW
,Recommended,246700,10886415,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Taehl,"It's not the new 'Freespace', it's not the new 'X3'. The controls may be a little like 'Freelancer', but this game is fresh and unique. It's fast, brutal, and exhilarating. The graphics are top-notch and very detailed. Add in all the customization options (including the ability to custom-color different pieces of your ship), and you've got a game I'd strongly recommend (but not for the timid!)."
,Recommended,246700,11311272,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Chrispy Creme,"I'm not gonna lie, this is one of my favorite PC games of all time. The only problem is, it's dead, like others have been saying. I think that making this game have free weekends more often, or maybe even go entirely FTP and have microtransactions would help build the community and make it way more fun to play. Right now, there are only like 1-2 servers with people at any given time, and it's sad to barely be able to play this game due to a lack of players. Please consider going free or maybe even lowering the price tag of the game a little bit."
76561198011142795,Recommended,246700,23319944,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Jimbo,"Damn the playerbase, who have forsaken what may have been the fastest game ever. Were the menus unpolished? Sure. Was the learning curve steep? Brutally, yeah. There were some things that could\'ve been done better, but it was still a gorgeous, thrilling \""aerial shooter\"" that played like nothing else. And you let it down."
,Not Recommended,246700,10619097,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Bettik,"Unforgiving learning curve.  There are a couple tricks to the trade, though, that will really help you out once you figure them out.  This really is unreal tournament with 6 degrees of freedom.  The problem is that no game this difficult to pick up can ever get enough steam to stay alive.  And all multiplayer games need a large playerbase to be worth it.  I don't see this going anywhere.  A shame."
76561198001192813,Recommended,246700,10623033,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,McFly,"With only a few hours on my belt I'm not sure if I should be reviewing this already, but oh lordy do I love this game. It's really hard to get into, but after an hour of straight practice I finally got my first kill, and both me and the game got better and better since.Short version:++ Graphics++ Concept+   Gameplay+   Variation+/-   Hard to learn, fun to 'master'.-  No Team balancing-  Could use more players-- Balancing issues with some loadoutsLong version:High-speed dogfighting in the most maneuverable fighters you've ever flown give you such an adrenaline rush that you get the feeling you need to stop playing after a while, but you never will. The fast respawns and instant-changes you can make to your fighter make it addicting and very action-packed. The minor customisation is fun but doesn't seem to give anyone an advantage which is great, it makes you try out everything the game has to offer.Some loadouts seem to be used more then others though. Like the dual Plasma-canon 'Sniper' set-up, which is just guys floating around on their own trying to shoot people from the very edge of a map and running away to the other edge with bonus-boosters the moment danger gets near. This seems rather weird for a game that is about out-manouvering your opponent rather then out-shooting them. I'd rather not see this weapon in the game as it seems cheap and forces other players to use the same tactic, turning the server in an all-around sniping-jiggle match. Which is, quite frankly, really really boring for such an exciting game.So I guess there are some balancing issues that need to be fixed, including how one team can consist out of just lvl 50 veterans while the other team is nothing but newcomers. The game should be able to balance teams properly like any other online shooter, so that's a weird oversight imo.Oh but did I mention that the graphics are gorgeous, but still keeps playing at 60fps even on old computers like mine? Beautiful! Lag might sometimes be an issue though depending on the server that you're on. The maps are beautifully crafted and they're all unique with their own style, hazards and way of traversing it. Some are very open with lots of debris flying around while others have narrow corridors and require precise control of your craft. They all bring their own challenge and variation and they have kept me perfectly curious and entertained so far.Never a dull moment! Hop into your Vector and join the high-speed, high-stakes battlefield in the sky!"
,Recommended,246700,10932087,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Raw Poo,"It's like After Burner, only this time, sh*t got real."
,Recommended,246700,11698262,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dr. Nebsterio,I had seen videos and read reviews of this game.  I bought a copy for me and a copy for a friend just to see how batshit insane this game is and listen to my friend's panicked screams and cursing.  We ended up liking it after a few hours of play and will have to include it in the list of games we play while crying and drinking tea.
,Recommended,246700,10508850,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,AestheticEnd,Fast and furious fun in flight! The controls are tight and the game favors skill. What is not to love?
,Recommended,246700,10588956,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[R] mooffinman | λ²,"Strike Vector is a fun, fast-paced air shooter.  Learning the controls is a breeze, and a wealth of customizations are instantly at your disposal.  Your ship can be customized to use different combat weapons, as well as the paint scheme and special abilities.  Finding private and public servers is extremely easy, and multiplayer mechanics are balanced.A variety of gamemodes are available, such as classic Deathmatch and Bounty Hunter.  Many maps are also available, and feature huge open areas to fly unrestricted.  This game reminds me of the older StarFox games, and the combat mechanics between the two series is very similar.The only negative thing I noticed about Strike Vector is the lack of video settings, such as anti-aliasing and texture / shader quality.  Other than that, the game is extremely fun to play and will certainly test your reflexes.  Hopefully, more content will be added to the game as time progresses."
,Recommended,246700,10930733,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Among the Cum Trees,training for star citizen
76561197971217540,Recommended,246700,10918809,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Codymanusa,Needs hats.
76561198097444070,Recommended,246700,10668673,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,StringbeanAJ,"Dis game be like zoom, pewpew, BOOM!  Uber rapido pace.Wouldnt advise playing if you have an eye patch tho.. it makes depth difficult to see .."
,Recommended,246700,10663223,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Knightmare,"I don't usually recommend games on Steam, but I really enjoy this one. I got a copy for my brother, too.If you're into space and fast paced action, this game won't miss."
76561198045164795,Recommended,246700,10508395,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,420 bloodfarts,"Buy this game on sale, its pretty easy to pick up and burn some hours into and most importantly its fun."
76561198028179796,Recommended,246700,10752207,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"Me, I'm counting","Basically you are Starscream, and so is everybody else, and you try to shoot each other."
,Recommended,246700,10916207,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,h4mx0r | natchan!,"Crash Simulator 2014.No no, not the game crashing. I mean CRASHING. Like, crashing into walls. Because I'm bad. And I keep flying at high speeds into a wall.But goddamn this game is fun and COOL!"
,Recommended,246700,10927776,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,MoonKing,I really wish this game wasn't dying.
,Recommended,246700,10506051,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Thelodious,It's probably the most amazing game ever made that nobody wants
,Recommended,246700,10680102,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Gul Delox,"This game takes a little work to get good at, but when it finally clicks, it is VERY satisfying to play.  Starting out, you will die very frequently, and usually because you flew into something and crashed.  But put in a few hours, and you'll be making hairpin turns and weaving through obstacles in no time.  Put in a few more hours, and you'll be knocking chumps out of the sky with freakish precision.  But you're going to have to take your lumps on the way.It's very unforgiving to start with, but it has a very high skill ceiling.  On the upside, that means you will always be able to improve your skills to get that much closer to mastery, which is very satisfying -- but on the downside, it means that you will get slaughtered at the beginning by seemingly superhuman players, and you kind of have to shrug that off if you want to improve.Another thing I recommend is that you put on some ACDC while you play - it enhances the experience considerably.  Also, increase your mouse sensitivity to at least 50% in the in-game options.  It makes a world of difference!The community, from what I've seen, is very small, friendly, and dedicated.  If you're new and having trouble, definitely let people know, and they'll probably go easy on you and show you the ropes."
,Recommended,246700,9924196,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Sexual Tension,"When I first heard of Strike Vector, I had to check it out on Steam. I watched the trailer and I was sold. I had to get it. And I was not disappointed, quite the contrary: it was one of the most fun games I've played for a long time.It's a chaotic, fast-paced 360-degree multiplayer shooter that plays -absolutely beautiful-. It has diversified weapon/perk combinations, the sense of classic online shooters, great visuals, maps that actually differ from each other, multiple game modes and so on. It's got a tight learning curve, so the first few days will be bumpy rides (quite literally), but that won't be a problem if you got the stones to handle it.The two flight modes work beautifully in unison. Switching between modes happens fast and fluently and is essential to master. Jet mode is for fast travel and dog-fighting, hover/harrier mode for aiming, fighting at close quarters, fast turns, braking and so on.I heavily recommend to anyone who's up for a good flight and a good fight."
,Recommended,246700,10890978,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,комиссар Iskuu,Really really fun game and a steal at £4
,Recommended,246700,26342020,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,artmasterRICH,This was a really cool and fun game to play at the time when there were other players. It's probably best if you know some friends to play with you.
,Recommended,246700,14631963,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Veza,"A very good gaame, with a refreshing gameplay, but there is no one playing and you must have friends who play if you want meet someone on this game so you have to buy this game and create a community !"
76561197965618416,Not Recommended,246700,22272209,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Stinow,Everyone rage quitted
,Recommended,246700,17573698,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Scuttles,"Strike Vector started with a unique idea, and followed through with great execution. The game is visually appealing, and feels great to play. It's incredibly fast paced, and feels fantastic to play. However, it sadly suffers from a tiny player base. The game has dedicated servers, but never enough players to fill them. If the game had bots to allow players to figure it out on their own, it would help new players get into it without being destroyed by the dedicated minority. If you have some friends do get into the game with, I'd look into giving it a shot. However, if you're going to go in solo, you may have a hard time finding games that don't have a huge skill gap."
,Recommended,246700,11762115,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Dasterdly Dandy,"I love this game... I picked it up on sale and ever since then have played it non-stop. I understand the complaints about all of the empty servers, but I love the tight community that has evolved from it. Everyone loves to see new players and are always quick to offer tips and tricks. Starting out in the game was hard but it was a fun experience to learn the rights and wrongs of the game with out the hand held experience of present day FPS. Buy this game and join a tight knit community of players that you will rarely find anywhere else."
,Recommended,246700,10530131,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Taz,yes it are good shooty game go fast pue pue!! pue pue!! wroooosh! buy it for money. thank.
76561198061764978,Recommended,246700,11629647,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,polarduke2,Needs LAN support
76561198003048386,Recommended,246700,10564929,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Zender Railen,"These kinds of games are rare, and beyond that, these kinds of games that are revolutionary, are rare. What kind am i refering to you might wonder?Well, steep learning curves, solid and true pvp, and no holds bard glorious pvp action that gets your blood pumping even when losing, there is just something about bieng completely outnumbered, that pushes you beyond your capabilities, forces you to pull deadly death defying lunatic manouvers around these elaborate well thought out complexes. they have thrown in plenty of small gaps for you to brave in the middle of a dogfight, every single game i find myself ninja through one at least once. And the real kick to the teeth, I SUCCEED!People say the controls suck, i completely and utterly disagree, if i am capable of these insane, near impossible to pull off manouvers less than 10 hours into playing the game, How by the life and death of all that is genetic, the controls bad?With the simple flick of the mouse you can preform a true barrol roll, immelmen, immelmen turn, all of it and it doesnt even stop there. they truly capture the elemement that proves, up and down are non existant and throw that into the gameplay that allows for a wicked fun time. This game needs more support yes, its player base is struggling, and im enjoying it during the sale that has boosted the population.Please people, stick with it! this game with new content will pathe the way for future games and can become so much more than it already is!you might think with the steep learning curve that the game will be annoying, tough, and will force you to rage quit, well sure there have been plenty that have done just that, but i believe they all have one thing in common. they didnt sit down and try out the controls in a safe enviroment, they took one look, died, and quit. it doesnt take long to get to grips with the controls.Just play a challenge mode if you hate tutorials like i did, by the time you finish it, you'll be ready to at least, survive, and pull off the insane manouvers that i refer to completely by accident and succesfully!So now you might be thinking, if these crazy and insane manouvers are possible, then surely it must be nearly impossible to kill with weaponry such as miniguns, unguided missiles, and so on. again, not true, this game offers a really cool weapons choice to fit your playstyle no matter what it may be, if you used to play Air rivals/SCO you can don the B-gear cape once again and use free fire rockets, shotguns, and point blank people, or simply directly blast them in the face, and this is so easy to do, the game becomes somewhat a joust with these weapons.the miniguns and contact reliant weaponry, dont let the shakeyness fool you, its easy to do. you get behind an enemy, and you can follow him, any manouver he can pull, you can too, you can cut the corners of his manouvers easily, catch him and kill him. you'll be doing it in no time i assure you, this games learning curve is not as steep as you might think.For those too lazy to read through the entire review, fair enough, lazyness is in overabundance these days.The game is easy to learn, hard to master. it is great fun.You can pull off break neck manouvers with ease and more succesfully than ever.You can succesfully follow these manouvers with easy, thereby adding far more depth to pvp combatcounters to counters to counters.Aiming isnt nearly as hard as you might think.Weapons that are similar to the amazing B-gear of Air rivals, SCO, Ace online.(same game different servers)"
,Recommended,246700,14334561,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Thefireball VR,"An amazing game.It's very fast paced, and takes a bit of practice to get used to. Expect a lot of trial and error.There's a lot of customization, the community is friendly, and the game is just plain awesome."
76561197993621678,Not Recommended,246700,35039706,Posted: 17 September,all,auroral01,This game does not support controller
,Recommended,246700,8756262,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,FreakOrama,"it's exactly like those fun videos, a bit of a learning curve in the begging but after that bump it's really fun.More info athttp://KSalue.comHere's some gameplay i recordedhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qxx4niNhBI"
,Recommended,246700,8900695,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,sallad,"awesome, hard to get used to, but when you do it is one heck of a game"
,Recommended,246700,8990078,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Valcron,"This game defines, ""Gotta go fast"".If your eyes can keep up with the speed of DESTRUCTION THEN YOU LACK AN EXCUSE TO OWN THIS GAME.Amazing visuals, super fun gameplay, go for it.9/10 destruction experts recommend the game.THE TENTH DIED FROM EXPLOSIONS."
76561198029985687,Recommended,246700,9060896,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Solid Snake,"Just got this game and it is absolutely brutal. You better fly like Iceman, Ice cold, because this game is not for the faint of heart...I recommend this game."
,Recommended,246700,12545336,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,WarrantOfficer:Schrodinger,"The game is awesome but I think they should make you lead your target with the gatling,lmg,and shotgun like you have to do with the rocket launcher and carbine"
,Not Recommended,246700,9119212,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Malkevin,"Game would be better without lock ons.I bought this game as it advertised itself as harking back to the days of ye olde twitch shooters, which it sort of has; its got the fast paced gameplay (although its only really fast in one direction, strafing is incredibly slow even with the harrier boost), its got the miniguns to rip your opponents to shreds, its got the rockets to blow big chunks out of them, its got the shotguns to give em some up close lovin, its even got the high cool down hitscan insta death railgun/ion-rifle to make your opponent swear from the other side of the map.But strangely they also added multiple types of homing weapons, I say strange because it seems odd that in a game that focuses on individual player's twitch reflexes and aiming skills it also includes weapons that you just need to point in the general direction of your opponent and pull the trigger then let the game do the rest...Its really disappointng because this game hits so many nails on the head but included skilless weapons which are also highly rewarding, something which wasn't a part of old school twitch shooting, and for that reason I can't recommend it."
76561198069008119,Not Recommended,246700,9146203,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Fugare,"I'm sorry, but the Game controls really voilently or to slow.And the fact, that there is no level seperation often has you playing against players that are usually extremely higher ranks, which for a beginner is a definitley revolting.There is also a problem with getting out of the hangar.The game instantly locks your mouse even in window mode.I'm sorry if the dev team really wanted this game to be fun but there are way to many flaws for me to enjoy this game.If there will not be any improvements I immediatly regret putting over 20€ in this game."
76561198057411430,Not Recommended,246700,11602772,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,~EndlessHeaven~,"There arent anyone playing usually and its kind of really difficult to play because of the veterans and the balancing system, as well as the limited amounts of game variousity for weapons and machanic... FPS is for having the Accoplishment of killing an hostile Player enemy ... but seems hard to accomplish that kind of a goal"
,Not Recommended,246700,19759395,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Leila Alizarin,win8 cant run it
,Recommended,246700,9339722,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,BRUXXUS,"My first few rounds made me regret buying this.  The learning curve is steep and I was constantly slamming into walls and blowing up.  Stuck with it for a few hours and started getting a feel for how it works. Fly to get around quick, hit space bar, aim, fire, space again and fly away.  Once you learn how to transform quickly between modes, you'll be zipping around in no time.It's pretty fun and I'm still pretty bad, but the experience is fairly unique.  It's FAST and intense, frustrating and awesome.  Once you get your first kill, you'll want more."
,Not Recommended,246700,9041253,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Haywood Jahblowme,Almost nobody playing on the Aussie servers.Extremely hard to get into as a newbie. Controls are hard to get used to. Killing other players and not crashing yourself is next to impossible.A few bugs here and there but will soon be patched (End of Feb 2014)0/10 would not bang.
,Not Recommended,246700,13628121,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,The Lord of the Pidgeons,It is impossible to find anyone on a server
76561198066984360,Not Recommended,246700,8938267,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Turd,"I haven't played it all that much, but in the short time all i've really experienced is spawning then being boosted right into a playing field that is full of stalker mines. Literally everywhere there is mines. When I thought maybe i'd get some kills with mines of my own I was mistaken. All mine did was kill my own teammates. Some reason my barrel rolls would never actually roll, my plasma were basically just flashlights, did little to no damage while i was being one shotted by them. I will most likely give it another try or two once I have some breakfast, but first impression of game is just frustrating and non enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,246700,8903822,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Grassfed butter reverses disease,"This game looked amazing from all the videos and content I checked out, I was really excited to get my hands on it. But after spending as much time as I have in this and getting a good ""grasp"" on how the game works and plays, it's just not very good. It doesn't feel very solid at all, and the room for competition and skill is very narrow. There isn't as much depth as there seems, and what little there is just isn't very fun past the first few hours. I'm consistently going like 15-0 in my games but it's not very fun. Maybe someone else would like it, but it fails on a CoD pub level and it fails on a Counterstrike competitive level and it fails on a teamwork cooperation level. It's not a very satisfying game. The price is also way too high, and the server browser is even worse and more buggy than Chivalry's."
76561198044114033,Not Recommended,246700,8924169,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,PawncakesNrofls,"What attracted me to this game was the fact that it looked incredbly high skill cap and put your reflexes to the test. A 360 degree FPS if you will. However, there is only a handful of maps and the thrill of playing seems to fade all too fast.I am a big fan of FPS and this game just didn't do that for me.I'm still trying to decide if it is good or bad that they give you access to all the weapons/perks right at the start.  I understand that it's great for making strategies and stuff, but the game just felt like I had nothing to work toward. I also didn't understand if my perks made much of a difference.Overall, I wish I would have done more research before purchasing.  Its a beautiful game, but it just isn't for me."
,Recommended,246700,10821754,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sergster1,Its fun but really difficult to get a hang of.
76561198055978549,Recommended,246700,10587877,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dondiggity,"great game but horrible to learn, the so called tutoral is nothing more then a set of speed races, it doesn't teach you how to play you have to pit you're self against long time players for hours while getting slaughtered the whole time in order to learn the most basic of gameplay... fun game but is gonna give you a lot of rage at first."
,Recommended,246700,10875747,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Drunken Destroyer,Tutorial #2 is a ♥♥♥♥♥.  I joined a real game and crashed five times into debris.  11/10?
76561198011847933,Recommended,246700,11801284,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,EXeCuToRPriME,"The game is every bit as awesome as the trailers show.  Its got a steep learning curve, but that only makes the game more interesting when u get into it, and true respect for the pro pilots out there.  Dont pay attention to these guys saying the servers are dead, they arent.  Also its had a new flood of players ever since it was put on sale!  Seriously this game is the ♥♥♥♥!  The company's name is RAGEQUIT, so that lets u know how competetive this game is lol.   The one downside, and im being honest is learning the controls.  You can run through the tutorial, but it doesnt teach you everything and is kind of confusing, most everyone ends up rebinding the controls.  Refer to youtube vids on how to figure it all out."
,Recommended,246700,12181849,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dirty Shisno,Has everything to do with striking vectors.
,Recommended,246700,8912783,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Shydem,Crash simulator 2014!
,Recommended,246700,11327163,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Frank Poole,Just get it.
76561198032576116,Not Recommended,246700,11524917,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,oMRoBUBBLESo,"This game used to be awesome but with the latest updates I can no longer recommend it.  Ragequit has turned this game from a fun semi stratigic game of cat and mouse to a POS twitch game about who can get to the trigger first.  I wonder if they plan on anymore crappy updates and if so I would have to ask them to stop.  I want to still love this game but exessive use of camera shake (yes its so bad it can affect gameplay), collision detection ( unless you are plugged into the damn server don't bother playing) and a player base that always has a stick in its♥♥♥♥♥and punishes you for even asking a question.  Like I said I wan't to love this game but I would rather go back to some♥♥♥♥♥♥poor sequeal like COD (even though many of them have had sex with my mother apperantly) than torture myself with this.  Ragequit, congratulations you have made me do just that."
,Recommended,246700,10858106,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Elysius,I did a barrel roll. 11/10
,Recommended,246700,10858048,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,John Hogan,"Great fun.  Mech + Pod Racers + custom gun setups. Easy to get into, hard to master high skill ceiling."
76561198024407426,Recommended,246700,10859651,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,kill submarine,"If you're looking for a fun, aerial shooter you may want to pick up this game. Every weapon option is available from the beginning, so older players have no advantage over the newer ones, save for experience. The maps have a dirty, industrial aesthetic theme, and flying through them in first-person is a refreshing change of pace from the usual terrestrial shooter. Players can unlock custom spaceship parts and wing art to personalize their crafts, but these rewards do not grant any additional abilities or buffs.If you want to fly around in a spaceship, blast away foes, or just want to play something different Strike Vector is for you."
76561197979042875,Recommended,246700,10929080,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,BulletMagnet,"This game is a real hidden gem. Runs great, looks great and has a pretty original concept in this day and age. Doesn't really play like anything else. I really hope more people will pick this up and try it. It does have  a pretty steep learning curve, but I don't feel like its cheap, it just takes a bit to learn."
76561197975055769,Recommended,246700,10914506,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Gray Fox,"Picked it up on a steam sale.  For a $2.99, indie game, this one is addicting.  Very fast paced and lots of weapon and ship customization options."
76561198008843901,Recommended,246700,10917603,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[KNM] Simonas Stasevicius,"Just bought this game recently and what I can tell so far, although I'm still having trouble not crashing into walls, etc. this game is very rewarding even at the beggining. don't know any other game, in wich scoring points is so satisfying. so I am happy I bought this game so far, looking forward to playing it much more."
76561198056089377,Recommended,246700,10926609,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Swanky,"This game has barely anyone playing. And its hard, like, really hard. Like the first 3 hours of gameplay for me I had a total of 5 kills. However, this game offers epic organic chases that no other game can offer as well as clutch fights to the death. If you can convince some friends to play this together, its a must have. Definitely recommend, PLEASE BUY, NEED MORE PEOPLE ON SERVERS!"
,Recommended,246700,10940639,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,royal with cheese,"One of the most amazing, fun and thrilling FPS i ever played in a while. This is like Q3 on steroids. Bloody amazing.At first it may seem a bit hard, but after you set the game correctly, (for my liking it was first person mode and increased FOV), the game is a blast, just get used to deflection shots and you will have enourmous amount of fun and adrenaline."
,Recommended,246700,10927734,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Klisk,Hey - It's better than Titanfall!
,Recommended,246700,11237412,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,NDroid,"An excellent game overall, it's a fast paced aerial shooter that allows you to seamlessly switch from a high-speed fighter mode to a hovering one similar to the Descent series. It might take a bit of time getting used to the controls and learning to navigate those tight spaces but it's very rewarding once you get the hang of it. Currently PvP Multiplayer only (a few solo flight challanges are avalibale but they're not the focus).I highly recommend it!"
76561198082494768,Recommended,246700,11407987,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,PuritY,brutal arial FPS/TPS.when you learn to control your movements this game becomes very fun.the only real downside is that there is probably not someone to play with at any specific time.
76561197983281543,Recommended,246700,11627145,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TyLANol,"I liked it! Fast, fun and lots of customization!The main reason for even trying this game was review that said it reminded them of Crimson Skies or Unreal Tournament, which were complete favorites of mine! When 1st played the game and started flying the ship around, it took me back to my old Descent days...lolIf a Dev were to read this, please, please, please add a local LAN hosting or an easy way to create a private server and this would be a staple game for ALL my LAN parties!"
,Recommended,246700,12650597,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,TrollyRollyPolly,"Pros:-It's something different-It's got some pretty intense combat gameplay-You feel real good when you get a killCons:-There is almost nohbdy playing-You get really dettered when you start playing (controls are super wonky if you've played only traditional games)How to Fix Cons: Please play, this game was soups hyped and I feel like I kinda threw away money, I always see the same people playing. It really is a funtense game."
,Recommended,246700,22172696,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Pootie Tang,"Pros:-FUN AS ALL HELL-Action packed with an even playing field as all weapons and upgrades are available fom the start-Creative Maps and Game mods keep you coming back for moreCons:-few populated servers for some reason....more people NEED this-slight learning curve to flying, but how quickly you learn is on yourecommend this game highly if you can find enough friends to play with, in game population is unfortunatley low"
76561197993176297,Recommended,246700,13873361,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Cybin,"This game seems great. This community is so dead though, someone needs to do some work to gain interest in this well done game. there are 25+ dedicated servers that come up when you search for servers and there are currently zero players around the world playing this game, no exaggeration. I sat in a server for half an hour hoping to attract the lurkers who must have been staring at the screen while pressing refresh and crying as I wanted to do at the fact that I just spent $13 for a multiplayer ONLY game. No one came. This game feels like the episode of the twilight zone where the guy rides out the apocalypse so he can finally just read some books and then breaks his glasses. There's a great game here but no one to play it with. not even bots. so sad. I recommend because you should buy this game and keep me company. I'll be gathering health pickups in an otherwise empty server based out of Kyrgyzstan..."
76561198206481437,Recommended,246700,20388876,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kit,"Honestly, its a great game with extremely responsive controls. But as of now, there are not many people playing this game and it took me 20 minutes just to get an online match. I was able to test alot of risky moves out and had loads of fun playing this game, but unfourtanately as I said. No one plays this game. I'd come back to it if it became popular enough to get a good amount of matches but as of now. Im not too interested in it. It should be a great game to play with friends as it would most likely be pretty easy to get into each other's games. so if you and a few friends (or one) have this game I wouldnt doubt you guys having a ton of fun with this game."
76561198023128220,Not Recommended,246700,9333478,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Tim(Crainshaw),"I bought this 22€ it was amazing at the begining but only 2 actives servers (when the game comes out it was too expensive for the tiny content nobody bought it) , now the devs ""abandoned"" the pc game to work on xbox one version.(Canceled)THE GAME IS DEAD; no one play it, only 4 servers with 0 players, no matter what time is it, don't buy this game it's money waste.The solo mode is based on some little run where you need to destroy silly drones and race on short distance (it's like the toy in the cereals you play with for 5 mins and you're done) but the multiplayer was the goal of the game and it doesn't exist no more.The game had problem with low ppl playing it but now that the DE are working on an other version this one is like it never existed.servers still here but filled with nothingness sadlyEDIT:It really hurts to put a ""not recomanded"" as this game is easly one of the best shooter out-thereplus devs have put lot of work into it, maps are awesome and i really miss the gamenew version is supposed to come out soonxbox canceled but ps4 soon?we will probably have to pay again but a lower price"
,Recommended,246700,12236926,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Faizyr,"I really loved this game and i would play it until the end of time. but alas nobody is playing enymore.it didn't use to be like that , i was one of the people who pre purchased it / backed it for it to come out.really feels like they didn't advertise enough to keep the players going and finding this game on steam, because it is really hard to find good games with all this junk coming through it and clouding amazing games like strike vector.im still putting a recommend rating just because of how much fun ive had for 3 months straight of playing this game when it came out."
76561198121610123,Recommended,246700,14395255,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,gay.com,"Best 12 bucks Ive ever spent. Look, dont stay away from this game because of the ""community is dead"" rumor. Ill tell ya right now, its not. The graphics and movement system are gorgeous in this game, and there are always matches to find. Do not stay away from this game. 100000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,246700,10795605,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,O.T.,"You are a flying jet thing that can stop in mid air to hover; two guns, one on the left and one on the right.  You pick the weapon on both sides, a special weapon and a special skil.  There is about 8 of each weapon/skill.  There is various rules sets for gameplay; team deathmatch, deathmatch, domination and CTF to name a few.  Lot's of obsticals on the levels or things to hide behind.Very fun, highly recommended if you like flight sims/dog fights.  If you own War Tunder, you should own this."
76561197972418863,Not Recommended,246700,11613158,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,br3tt,"By all means give it a try if you like, but the tutorial levels were just confusing as hell and had a really frustrating and completely unnecessary time limit mechanic. Not only do they not tell you what buttons to press, they just tell you to do something like 'ENGAGE HOVER MODE' and give you 10 seconds to do it before losing the level. Often I'd JUST get the hang of whatever it is they were trying to teach me before the timer ran out, a huge 'FAILURE' sign explodes into my face, and I'd have to repeat the entire training level again from the start. Very, very frustrating. I really don't have patience for poorly designed tutorials, and the tutorials on this game are not very well thought out at all."
,Recommended,246700,10545294,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ramadan Steve,goot pls buy
,Recommended,246700,10546527,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,arkh,doge
,Recommended,246700,10568971,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Pig Daddy,"So much fun! I wish more people played this, it's quite difficult, but super satisfying once you start getting the hang of it!"
76561198047197552,Recommended,246700,10642802,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,giovanni10487,cvbcvbcvb
,Recommended,246700,10862960,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jaal,Seriously WOW BUY BUY BUY!
,Recommended,246700,10875697,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gucci dang,SO DOPE.
76561197961658841,Recommended,246700,10516779,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,TheNINO,"omg this game is so cool.  It's like Descent grew up to modern day controls and had a baby with Unreal Tournament... which then also grew up studying at Gundam University and turned into this game.  Amazing weapons, cool ships, and all are unlocked up front for you to play with.It's been a long time since I didn't have to grind/pay to get an item someone else has. These days it sucks that customization is considered a burden on modern games, which forces them to resort to a class system or limited customization.  I'm happy Strike Vector didn't follow that example :DDO IT UP!"
76561198067007962,Recommended,246700,10522916,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Duderonomy,"Buy now if you want while its on sale. def worth the 6 bucks. Um dont listen to ppl who say the online is dead... it kinda is but if u search by number of players theres a couple serves with ppl in it def enough to play with. Brutally hard, weapons r ok not great, ship editting is fun (no info on when u unlock stuff literally unlock stuff inbetween levels almost at random) 6 new cockpits 6 booster nd chasis is fixed at 1 but i think they prob gonna make more? no info on line about leveling or unlocks so its annoying wen u really want one ♥♥♥♥ing engine. prob like a 8/10"
76561198128897706,Recommended,246700,10753405,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,refuzoid,Awesome game once you get used to the controls. IMHO  the only innovative dogfight FPS. Highly recommended
76561197961468129,Recommended,246700,9773444,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,BRONNald Reagan,"this game is fun as hell and looks beautiful. worth $25...$12.50 is a great price. Its like Quake 3, but flying instead of running."
76561198010325833,Recommended,246700,10520797,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Xanderhed,"Strike Vector is very fun for what it is, a fast paced, skill based, aerial combat game. There isn't much there, but what is there is polished to a mirror shine. If the developers continue to update the title, it could very well be worth its entire price tag."
76561198054906498,Recommended,246700,10939044,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wesleyb947,"Grate game, at its best when played on LAN"
,Recommended,246700,10520719,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,hurderer,needs more people. please buy.
76561197963673552,Recommended,246700,11778317,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,zappere,good game
,Not Recommended,246700,10695491,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,General Dts,Awful. Looked like a fun concept but amazingly bad execution. Glad I got it on sale so I didn't lose even more money.
,Not Recommended,246700,21413674,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Goo,"This game is really fun, but the community is as good as dead.If you're having a lan party or something and can convince your friends to cash in it might be worth it, but it actually takes a little while to get to a point where you're not constantly killing yourself by flying into stuff, let alone kill other players with anything that is not a homing missile."
,Recommended,246700,23339323,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,PsySneks,"It's a freaking amazing fun 360 degree shooter in space ships, But its got a small comunity and very low activity. If you want to play this make sure to send some copies to your friends. This game needs more activity."
,Recommended,246700,9789094,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Monzy,The best alternative FPS out there
76561197972437361,Recommended,246700,10522409,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Fry Cook,"Very cool! If you like fast and challenging, get it.  Strike Vector is some of the best gaming I've experianced in a while.   This game is brutal when first starting, but there's nothing like it once you get the hang of it.  Truly Epic!"
76561198091435101,Recommended,246700,10691585,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ho Chi Lit,"Strike Vector is an amazing fast paced game and is great title to add to your library if you're into big explosions and intense firefights. While some of the weapons may seemed unbalanced, i.e. the homing missles are a bit of a rage generator, they are very well balanced. Each ship can equip any combination of 2 weapons from a high damage plasma gun to a infinite ammo low damage gattling gun. Ships also get a special module that has special trait in the range of healing your ship to giving you a little shield and more. You also have a passive ability to select such as one that allows you to enhance your zoom in sniper mode, or make you go faster.The game is full of unique elements that make it stand out in my eyes. However, I would recommend that you play the tutorial levels first. They are a great help and can get you flying decently in no time. Unfortunately many of the servers are empty and the ones that are full might not have that great of ping. Though, that's an issue that can only be fixed when more people buy it, and that's where you come in! I highly recommend Strike Vector and hope that everyone buys and plays it!"
,Recommended,246700,10638840,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ATF_Max *,Very fun game. Love the Old School finishing touches.
76561197962428014,Recommended,246700,10987642,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SeeGuL,"really good game, never have a problem finding a server"
,Recommended,246700,10532549,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Grimburger,Awesome looking and fun to play!
76561198025784805,Recommended,246700,10524918,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,sTorm csgoroll.com,"Holy Crap this game is hard fun and a whole lot of crashes. Even if I got 10 crahses and 0 kills I have fun. The movment is amazing everything is just so much fun, a must buy indeed!"
,Recommended,246700,10702929,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Premiere Pro,"Strike Vector is Fun, original and runs really smoothly on my laptop (ENVY dv6), I love how the games are fast, how you start with every gun to play around with and fine it strength and weaknesses. The overall gameplay was a little hard to get the hang of but now I’m really good! I would like to see AI’s In solo maps (Not tutorials)"
,Recommended,246700,9539827,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Roarasaurus,"Be aware when you read this that it is only first impressions.When I bought this game I was aware that there were few players, but when I started to play I was disappointed to see a Complete lack of any players at all, though I could have just been on at the wrong time. That said, the effort the developers put in to the game and vector models in particular was obvious, You could see every little detail, from subtle jet engine lighting to minute air vents and piping.As for gameplay I can't say for sure as I had a lot of lag interfering with my play sessions but it seemed pretty solid with a decent veriety of weapons and perks each with very individual effects, even a shot gun wich I though was a bit odd in a flight game. The maps I was happy to see were really well designed with lots of cramped places to tempt you to be a bit darring,the variety of maps was good as well each with a unique scifi feel.Over all I was quite happy with Strike Vector,Though as I said because of the lag and lack of players it makes it hardfor me to decisively rate this game but if it developed a good following Iwould be happy to play this game as a unique refresher from the FPS'sI'm sure most of us play."
,Recommended,246700,10486306,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sky Reaper,"Honestly, this game is not for me but I don’t think it should get a thumbs down. As shown in the trailer, the game is very fast paced and exciting. The only problem is that it can be EXTREMELY discouraging to new comers. The controls (for me anyway) are hard. Taking turns and working with the gyroscope can be a pain. I really think there should be a demo for this game (if there is one then that’s my bad) because you will either get into this game, or you won’t. In my case. I didn’t.Despite not being the game for me it is still pretty impressive."
,Recommended,246700,10455327,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Iclucian Dance,"Legitimately the most exhilarating shooter I've ever played.It takes ages to become competent in this game. If you want a game that you can pick up and wreck scrubs, this isn't for you. If you're willing to buckle down and get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you for a few hours, you can fly around at the speed of sound and blast other ships down in real time. I honestly wasn't even frustrated when I got destroyed, I was just fascinated at the intense pace and feeling of speed in this game.Single player mode is fun! Back in my day there wasn't a single player mode, but now it's easier than ever to practice your flying skills.The good:Fast pace. It feels the same as speedrunning Sonic Generations, a game into which I've dumped over 100 hours.Intense shooting mechanics. From chasing down enemies with gatlings to sniping a ship flying at the speed of sound with the plasma, the shooting will never get boring.Great community. As expected; the only people who play this game are those patient enough to learn it. It's like the learning curve of a MOBA, without the toxic community.The bad:There is very rarely more than one game active on the server.If there is an active game, it's probably in an EU server. It's not too bad since I'm in New York, but I'd like more games with sub-100 ping.Sometimes server lag causes you to crash your ship by teleporting into the stage geometry.It takes a long time to learn. 5 hours of dying to yourself before you learn to fly, followed by another 5 hours of dying to others before you learn to shoot and fly at the same time.I wish more people would play this game.♥♥♥♥♥♥s amazing, 10/10 would (nogame)nolife."
,Recommended,246700,10457147,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,look@that,"A sci-fi high-action flight multiplayer-only game. Good for its cheap price. Great graphics, and responsive controls.The downside however is there isnt much replayability. The overall content is pretty shallow. It's like playing counter-strike. After you play a few rounds you feel as though you've experienced everything the game has to offer."
,Recommended,246700,8932603,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Stargoat,"Extremely fun multiplayer arena combat game - furious dogfights, tactical cover use, good amount of customisation. If you're on the fence about it, get off the fence and drop the cash."
,Recommended,246700,8945061,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Robotdude,"Can be brutal at first, but fun once you get the hang of it. I was a bit worried if this would be worth $20, but it definetly is, especially with the free DLC coming soon. A better tutorial would be nice, as the existing one is rather lackluster. The game is pretty polished, but has some funny things, like the chat, and the fact that it launches as UDK.Some loadouts I reccomend are Gatling+Swarm Missiles/Homing Missiles, and Dual Shotguns. The Stalker Mines and Invisibilty perks are the most useful to me, and the more defence is probably the best."
,Not Recommended,246700,9297664,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,^2VengefulChicken,Low population game. they got no beginner server where new players can train and expect you to already know how to use a plane that spins by each movement you do.In oder to play you need to join a server with people and mostlikely people who already got experience and they are litterly owning you non stop without any kills or you just crash on objects.I totally don't recommend it.. expect me to play more than 1day to get bit skill while getting constantly owned by other skilled players? have fun. Because i won't be part of it.
,Recommended,246700,9804721,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Richard,"I should really begin playing two or three rounds of this game every morning, because the adrenaline it pumps into your blood will last for hours. Not only is it a incredibly fast past shooter that rewards skill shots and good reflexes, but you also have to move in THREE DIMENSIONS! The graphics are good and the atmosphere of each map is very catching and unique. The UI could use some work though, but that doesn't matter once you are ingame ;) There are still some very weird design decisions, such as the minimap (seriously devs, the community told you looooong ago that the way you coded it is just weird and it should be the other way round - it just is no help at all!)7.5/10 (get that minimap fixed!!!)"
,Recommended,246700,9812586,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,-ALT-,"Based on what I read before buying, and my experience afterward: I can say that this really is a great game. Everything from the gameplay and style, to the way the developers are handling the monetization of the game (one payment up front? what magic is this?) is done quite well.My only gripe is the lack of an in depth tutorial of any kind. The basic controls are explained, but the first time you try to play there is no way to easily test the controls other than finding an empty server. It is very true that learning is part of the fun of this game from what I can tell, but the introduction could be better.This game really deserves to be played. I want to see how good I can get."
,Not Recommended,246700,11671366,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Deeouye,"This is a great game, but it has no server population. When I go online, every server is completely empty except for one that has around 4-6 people in it. Most populated I saw the game was during the free weekend, and then there were just a bunch of people (me included) who had very little idea of what they were doing and got slaughtered by the veterans. Because of this, the only people playing the game right now are very skilled, and its almost impossible to do well in a game if you're new. Absolutely worth it though if the servers repopulate."
,Recommended,246700,11839962,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,helsquiades,"I never write reviews for games. I'm only writing this review out of love for Strike Vector. Despite that love, I will give it a fair review:Strike Vector lacks polish in a lot of ways and it excels only in it's multi-player gameplay. It's hard to get into. There's no adequate tutorial, the single player is uninteresting, you simply die a lot when you play multiplayer--mostly because there's only ever one server to play on due to the small community. After about a month and 50+ hours of playing, it seems like a solid small community but it leaves a difficult gap to cross for those with no experience to those with a lot. I don't expect a lot of these issues to be fixed either. So, here's what you do get: In, my opinion, the best aerial combat simulator ever. The numbe of situations you run into are always fun and engaging. You could be chasing someone whose takn your flag at breakneck speeds through logic defying industrial cityscapes at one moment and in a 3 on 3 dogfight in the skies at another. You will crash a lot and probably never stop crashing a lot but, to me, it's almost always hilarious. There's a lot of fun to be had.Unfortunately, the community is so small. It's really why I'm writing this, so that hopefully some people will find what myself and a few others love so much. As it stands, it's hard to get into because you get simply slaughtered by veterans. There's a newbie server but since there is only ever enough people to fill up one server at a time, everyone just goes there. Too bad a review isn't really publicity but at least I'm trying. Come play! 7.5/10 overall, 10/10 multiplayer."
,Recommended,246700,10582465,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SkyFoxx,Push the envelope and fly by the seat of your pants with your balls to the wall.
76561198147777751,Recommended,246700,11909703,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,BcMcK,simply the best!
76561198028114587,Recommended,246700,14359680,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,The Great Tim Allen,"Despite other reviews stating the contrary, I find the games can get quite busy with players!  True, many of the servers are largely empty, but if you just go on and play with a couple of friends people join when they see there are people playing on the server.  A 3 player free for all deathmatch with my friends quickly became a 20+ player filled game.  Worth the purchase, especially if you used to enjoy games like Starfox.The fast paced flying and training mission challenges sold me on the game even before I got into playing with others.  Anyhow, take this for what it's worth, it's fun!"
,Recommended,246700,10925928,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Afire_,So much skill required.So Fast PacedMuch CrashesWowVery goodSuch intesnse
,Recommended,246700,9366330,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Lucas earn.gg,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
76561197970857093,Recommended,246700,8918225,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,FC,"This game is fantastic.  Fast, furious, with a decent amount of tactics involved.  The controls are intuitive and easy to learn, most of the skill gap is positioning and thinking, and the game is just FUN.  I've had more fun with this game that anything else I've played for the past few months.Get this game, just do it."
,Recommended,246700,8710814,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Inhibitor,Insanely fast paced and beautifully made. Brutal explosions and high speed chases; this is something I'll be playing for a long while.
76561198053745111,Recommended,246700,13622917,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nemean Kitten,It's like the dogfights from Robotech Macross Saga. I crashed 12 times in one match and still had a great time. You should buy it cause it's amazing and wonderful. Right now the community is so small that you will recognize players and know how they play. Anyway it's amazing. Buy it.
,Not Recommended,246700,10366048,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,aka _Doc,Not so good as I thought.  Well it is 3d shooter really. Good number of guns and options... but there is no soul. Just another shooter.
,Recommended,246700,9015301,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,laserphyre,"If you've ever wondered what it would be like to be in a Cowboy Bebop dogfight, you gotta play this game."
,Recommended,246700,9102875,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Lord Shiteblast,"So glad I found this game. Up until I found Strike Vector the only games I had for decent dogfighting were FreeSpace2 and the old Ace Combat games (the last one was terrible so I don't play it). The beauty of this thing is you can treat it like a regular fps rather than zip around all the time too. The passive and active abilities on your Vector can be combined with specialities on your weapons to cater to a specific playstyle and if you fly well enough you can play to your strengths while dampening weaknesses (if say for example you had radar jamming + cloak + silent plasma, excellent for sniping but useless in a straight-up fight - know when to relocate and zip through obstacles to stay out of harm's way).There's a fair amount of content, but really the fights alone will keep you occupied. On the negative side - sometimes the servers can have high latency which can end up with your Vector plastered against a wall that was several hundred metres away just a few moments ago. The extremely fast and precise nature of the flying and shooting also makes it somewhat inaccessbile to gamers that don't have a lot of experience with flying in a 3D environment or fast-paced fps. I find it hard to judge how much this is the case though as I've played space sims for over a decade now. :)"
,Not Recommended,246700,9201320,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ELRinley,A waste of money if you aren't a shooter elite and don't enjoy slamming your face into the desk every time you try to do something.
,Not Recommended,246700,9400361,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Nophex,so much potential.. but falls short because rubbish controls!
,Not Recommended,246700,9286210,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,safejrz,"The trailer doesn't compare to the real game. It sucks, hard as hell and basically only has online multiplayer.I feel ripped off.:("
,Not Recommended,246700,11253111,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Devlin,"Looks like a great game; really wish I could play, but as the other reviews say the game is completely dead. Zero players across the servers list, too bad I never got a chance to play it. If you're deadset on playing this game I'd recommend the four pack and giving the copies away to friends. Devs should go with The Ship treatment and give free copies away with each purchase, and lower the price by a large amount to try and revitalize the community. R.I.P. Strike Vector."
,Recommended,246700,9788326,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Logicalsifter,sick fast paced game! thats what i like
,Recommended,246700,9111685,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,dwimdopey,"SICK, although there aren't that many aussie players playing right now."
,Recommended,246700,12575198,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Slippery Stephen,"This is a great game. The graphics, gameplay and overrall feel of the game are great. While there could be a greater selection of weapons and maps, I believe this game hits it spot on. However, I do not enjoy the community. They're very nice but it seems like this is the only game they play. If you  join a match, expect to be destroyed countless times. I had a horrible experience my first couple times playing. Even now it's still hard to play because of the sheer skill curve. So, if you like games that are great in every way except for being extremely hard, this game is for you."
,Recommended,246700,10544479,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,roflBeck,Haters gonna hate. The truth is that this game isn't dead day or night and it's a lotta fun.
,Not Recommended,246700,8970150,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Lighthalk,"It has its points, but the bad out way the good. If you just joined in your lvl 1 don’t think on doing much but dying the servers are set up nice for the experienced players. The game dues not put you against same lvl players. Now as far as plying with your friends I guess you can hope to be put on the same team. I have not seen a way to make a privet game yet. Also no bots to practice against, so that leave you to really test your skills verses other Players."
76561198053055403,Recommended,246700,8981322,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Lost Melody,This is a freaking awesome game.
76561198038477682,Not Recommended,246700,8995257,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Patriarch Tunc,This is a very very bad game. The worst 20 USD that I spent on a game. The game continuously crashes. Moreover there isn't any joystick or gamepad playing option. You could only play with mouse and keyboard. A flight combat game which can't be played with a joystick! What a -bull...♥♥♥♥♥tt!
,Recommended,246700,8956261,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Pockets Jones,"this game is awesome, the flight controls feel great and being able to go into hover mode at any time makes dog fighting alot of fun.  The combat is really enjoyable and the different weapon types make for many different possible playstyles.  I like that all the weapons are unlocked from the start so you can find what you like without having to grind to get it.  I feel like the maps are really well designed and fun to play.its a great game that definetly gets my recomendation and it makes me sad to see so few people playing this game."
,Recommended,246700,9144958,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Psyan69,"difficult, fast, and fun... old school/unreal tournament/macross concept.. nice!!"
,Recommended,246700,9070728,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jeff Ghost,"This game is awesome... One of the best shooters i've playde in DECADES. Fast paced, the game requires pure reflexes form the player... Gorgeous graphics, the landscape with industrial themes are uniques....And the gameplay...wow... 11 out of 10"
,Recommended,246700,8960254,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,TheodoreKazinski,"Hard and fast. A few of the weapons need balancing, but the optimal loadout changes with each map and/or game mode and it shows when people fail to see that. You'll score higher than others who are actually probably better than you simply because you picked the right weapons. There's a floating retical which is awesome. So you can shoot at a target on the edge of your screen while going into sharp turns. Harrier mode is useful for slowing down and orienting yourself or laying an ambush and it's almost impossible to get into certain places without it. There's sniping also. It's so hard most of the time that the weapon is almost not worth using, but when you do make a shot, it's awesome knowing that the person you got initially has no clue what happened. Along with two weapons, you get to choose a special ability and another piece of equipment that goes on the back of your ship. Something like shields, extra thruster or mines that has a cooldown. So there are quite a few combinations available and I'm usually changing my setup with every game. My favorite mode is bounty hunter. You basically scramble to kill the person with the highest bounty on their head and try to have the highest by the end of the game. It really shows off the game's maps - which are mostly very good - because by the end of the round, everyone else is trying to kill you more than each other. So you're zipping in and out of tunnels that you're not even sure you can fit through while trying not to crash and lose the bounty you've built up. Or you can risk going after other players and getting an even bigger bounty. It's pretty great getting everyone so fixed on your trail then going down a small tunnel and leaving a bunch of mines to kill them all and double your bounty."
76561197997578044,Recommended,246700,9002237,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Dislin,"Although I'm sure the style appeals to the modern FPS crowd, Strike Vector happily reminds me of the old multiplayer modes on classic gaming systems. While looking impressive, it delivers high speed action to anyone willing to get into it. Every weapon and ability is avaliable from the start; no one can have anything you don't.It is not without fault, however, there is a learning curve for mastery, and it can be very disorientating trying to manuver your agile craft in the direction of that which you wish to shoot, but the promise of new free content and the immensely satisfying victories keep bringing me back again and again."
,Recommended,246700,9994482,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,›Bonje,PLEASE PLAY THIS GAME IT IS AMAZINGLY FUN!
,Not Recommended,246700,8987194,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Filippi,Worse than having intercourse with a duck.
,Not Recommended,246700,12034921,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Golden Dawn,"This game is actually very good because of the graphics and game play. But, the only bad thing is: This game is dead. Almost no one is playing in the servers. I don't recommend this game."
76561197972350118,Not Recommended,246700,32188527,Posted: 4 June,all,Biomech,"Like most other reviewers, I came to this game late, and tragically must see a fantastically designed and fun game be declared dead. As of 4-June-2017, there are 0 players on any of the servers. I first picked up the game about a year ago, and the population was very small, but still there, with 25 to 30 people online during peak hours. Unfortunately, the developer's refusal to switch to a F2P model has ultimately led to a dead game.If you were lucky enough to play the game earlier you would have experienced a frantic and fast paced game that took everything fun from Descent multi-player and polished it with more modern ideas in level design. The fact you can change loadouts which seem to be in a kind of rock-paper-scissors state of balance means the gameplay never gets stale within a single match. Strike Vector was missing some game modes which seem to be ""core"" in modern day, such as capture the flag, assault, and escort styles, but having picked up the 4 pack for only $25 it was well worth the money me and my friends got out of it.I'm sad to see this game go this way, and hope to see the idea ressurected again but with a sustainable F2P model"
76561198020576701,Not Recommended,246700,10527836,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cyn0sure,"KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING HERE, BEFORE YOU BUY: Strike Vector is first and foremost a multi-player game. It has solo play, but only in the form of ""challenges"", i.e. timed races, obstacle courses, and shooting galleries - and all of them, frenetic and pretty short. (And, ultimately, tedious.) These challenges are in no way ""missions"", for this game is in no way a futuristic combat flight sim. (Although, you might think so, watching the gameplay videos.) It's more like Descent, a three-dimensional flying first-person multi-player shooter.Problem is - and it's a BIG problem, here - there is no match-making in this game, where you as a beginner could be matched with other beginners and maybe some intermediates. Here, you simply join a server, where you usually find yourself matched with a couple of intermediates and maybe another beginner, but all of you DOMINATED by 1 or 2 advanced or even veteran players.This game demands three-dimensional spatial awareness, as well as razor-edge hand-eye coordination and reflexes. Furthermore, you need to lead your targets with your weapon fire, which is affected by the target's range, speed, and angle, and your weapon type. There are no visual cues on your HUD to aid you, like there are in combat flight sims. And some weapons have recoil, which messes with your aim. (You'd think your fighter's jets, if not its weight and mass, could compensate for that!) Oh, and all the while you're frantically trying to avoid high-speed, mid-air collisions with obstacles and buildings.Either you're a natural at it all, or you're not - and if you're not, then you need to overcome a HARSH learning curve, and you will need LOTS of practice.But how do you learn and get that practice? The tutorials are brief and uninformative; this game has a sink-or-swim attitude. You can try out most (but not all) of the maps solo, flying around and shooting at targets and dodging obstacles and learning the layouts, but that doesn't prepare you at all for shooting at, and avoiding be shot at by, opponent players. Even the solo challenges don't really prepare you for multi-player matches.All in all, I'd say Strike Vector is too un-accommodating for beginners and caters too much to the hardcore. Even worse, it's severely lacking in content. I say wait another six months before buying this game, to see how much more content is released and how the multi-player community develops. Because, as it is now, it's a work in-progress."
,Recommended,246700,10928145,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,the_nsixTV,"Strike Vector is a fast paced, balanced shooter that is non-forgiving and goes beyond the limits of what is humanly possible. Strap on a tank of NOS to a Formula One car and tell it to fly. Now set that beast loose in a china shop. That is Strike Vector.Thankfully you have the ability to slow down the pace by transforming into harrier mode which allows you to maneuver on a dime or act as a mobile turret platform with the ability to take precision shots at your enemy.First impressions: you will absolutely hate this game. You will be beaten to a pulp championing the bottom of the brackets yelling bloody murder at the screen as your eyes are unable to process the visuals. The trick is to think of the harrier mode as an extension of your body and to incorporate it into every aspect of your gameplay. Next, find a weapon system that complements your play style. Going to camp? Use the plasma rail. Looking to chase non-stop? Use the gatling cannons. Looking for a happy medium? Use the rocket pods.The celling of the game is set stupid high by the ridiculous use of speed. You NEED to bring the game down to reality by playing at a level that is comfortable for you. Until you find your niche you will be disappointed in yourself and put blame on the game as an excuse for your incompetence.CTF is awesome; TDM is an absolute adrenalin rush.Everyone stands on the same footing. There is no auto-aim, auto health regen or unlockable weapons. The game is pure skill and very reminiscent of gameplay mechanics found in old school shooters such as those found in the Quake generation.Give this game the time that is deserves and you will find it extremely entertaining and rewarding.http://www.twitch.tv/the_nsix/c/4545537http://www.twitch.tv/the_nsix/c/4559705http://www.twitch.tv/the_nsix/c/4557702"
,Recommended,246700,8697165,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,TheJML,Yes immediately yes i would recommend this certainly. With more polish this game will go from awesome to astounding. The gameplay is familiar yet fresh with a lovely blend of the twitch shooter style and aerial dogfighting that is fast paced and frenetic. The environments and the art style as a whole is really cool the complexity and detail in the environments is awesome from a viewer of art standpoint and froma  gamepl;ay standpoint in that you can really feel skillfull weaving between pillars and using the switch to harrier mode to twitch round tight corners and get the drop on pursuers. All in all a fantastic game and i would thouroughly recommend it especially when it gets that much needed polish to it! :D
76561198055635123,Recommended,246700,8724618,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,OneShotNick,"When I first saw a clip from this game the first thing that came to mind is the space battles in Star Wars Battlefront II. Every since that game came out I have been looking for a game that focuses on futuristic dogfights. When I saw this game I signed up immediately because I knew it was just what I was looking for. Strike Vector is a high quality and challenging game. It may take several hours of plaing to get good. You won't notice though because this game is so fun that time seems to fly. It has good ship custimization, good maps, and good mechanics. 10/10 I am in love with this game!"
,Not Recommended,246700,25447611,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,supersparky1013,"Before you dismiss this because it's negative.I suppose I have a duty to warn you like many other people. The community surrounding this game is dead. I don't really know where it went, but it's gone. From what I played it seems like a solid game with an incredibly well done art style, but nobody plays it anymore. last time I got on the game every server was empty, and when literally every server is empty you know the game is dead. I unfortunately cannot reccommend this game despite how good it was in its heydey, because it simply isn't there anymore."
,Recommended,246700,13416209,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,lastday4u,"Good game, but servers are dead atm - no players online."
76561198126384352,Not Recommended,246700,31759218,Posted: 14 May,all,gigawitchman,"If the gods exist, I wish that the programmers in this game add Capture the Flag, Bots and that the people can generate their own battles, this game have a hard potential but not now, with bots you can create your own imaginary world."
,Not Recommended,246700,33015008,Posted: 29 June,all,Theon,"One of those games which should have been a great introduction to a popular new genre, but instead falls flat on its face.The controls are almost good, the concept is almost realized and the visuals are almost not too cluttered.And the servers have been empty since launch.If only there had at least been some bots to practice with."
,Recommended,246700,8836174,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,RespawningJesus,"Strike Vector is a fast paced shooter, with an emphasis on movement.  Strike Vector offers something new and refreshing to the shooting genre.  Although difficult to play and be good at, there is a lot of fun to be had here.Good for:-People who want a new, fresh shooter.-People who like to master something new.-People who like movement based shooters such as Quake, Tribes, and Unreal.Bad for:-People who are not patient to learn.-People who want to start a game and be decent at it from the get go.-People who get motion sickness easily by playing video games.-People who like playing against bots instead of humans.Tips for the Road:-Learn how to fly your Vector properly before you worry about kills.-Learn what Hover mode can do in and out of combat.-Lead your shots.-Practice, Practice, Practice."
76561198064586873,Recommended,246700,10519462,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Samudra600,"So the steam community has been going wild about this game for a while now, saying that it's fun and addicting. So today when it went on sale I got it and wouldn't you know it, It's fun and addicting! After buying it I proceeded to playing it for 5 hours straight! If you're into fast-paced, pulse-pounding action type of games get it!"
,Recommended,246700,13652698,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sKYpxl,"Take my word for it. BUY THE GAME! Like everyone is saying: great game, but the only downside, is the lack of players. If you bought the game however, there would not be that problem :) Sure the learning curve might be hard, but you know what, same goes for Counter Strike and other games like that. Learning how to get good is what makes games like this fun. I strongly recommend you buy the game and help grow the comminty by doing so. Plus, it is pretty cheap for what you are getting."
76561198045133849,Recommended,246700,11609962,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,BarneyRound,Very impressed by this game.  The trailer does the game justice.
,Recommended,246700,10508896,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,TuVok Shakur,Strike Vector is a great game. It's really a shame that there are so few people playing it.
76561198126328502,Recommended,246700,11646563,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rough GO,Cool game :))
,Recommended,246700,11610279,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,sodapopSquid,Starfox on warp 9.
,Not Recommended,246700,10854464,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JParadox,"Really fast and hectic, but not very deep.  Don't let the customizations options fool you as there are really only 5 slots that have any mechanical effect.  And however cool you make your ship look, no one will really ever get close enough for long enough to see it.  If you can pick it up on sale and you love fast shooters, it's good otherwise, pass."
76561197994024285,Not Recommended,246700,10926252,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Wraithbored,HEre is my video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr_SGkqrrdM
,Not Recommended,246700,10855006,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Boner Jams 2017: SEXY NAME!!!,"The problem with multiplayer only games is that they have a pretty short lifespan most of the time. This game is no exception. I picked this up during Summer Steam sale and I found 4 active servers that had really high pings and all the rest were empty, this was at 9:30pm EST.The tutorials left pretty much everything to be desired as well."
,Not Recommended,246700,11529013,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Owen_James,"First impression, absolutely horrible. But... after playing for a while and getting a  feel for the game, still absolutely horrible. Controls are unmanageable, gameplay is confusing and overall it's just a really bad game. There is little to no controller/gamepad support and the tutorials include no information about how to play the game. I was somewhat excited by the trailer but my smile quickly turned to a frown once I started playing. I was very disappointed to see that only 10 players were on all the servers (yes, all of them, only 10 people were playing the game) which was probably a result of the poor game mechanics and the poor controls. I want my $12 back, and I feel bad for anybody who buys this game in the future."
,Recommended,246700,11598611,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Fokeno,I've never seen a salad with more texture loading. Pls.
,Recommended,246700,11814546,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,SpaceMuffinAlex,"Anyone who plays this game and wants to make it better needs to help advertise and get big gameplay channels playing it. it needs all the support it can get. I know it deserves it, Too. just look at how much effort went into development of this awesome game."
,Recommended,246700,10933713,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,chielover,"its gearsxdota, pretty great"
,Recommended,246700,22445852,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JustAnotherBailey,actually found a game and got rekt
,Recommended,246700,10930589,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Natashi,Hard to control but fun .
,Recommended,246700,13317572,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Naughty Gears,"Despite being difficult initially, this is easily one of the most fast-paced, adrenal games you can play. The one downside is how few people play it. Give it a chance! You'll be pleasantly surprised. Give yourself a chance too, it takes a while not to crash into things."
,Recommended,246700,8684808,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Nox Nox™,Heard it took 9 people 15 months to make this game. God damn this is pretty impressive for a beta. Give it a shot!
,Recommended,246700,8911934,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,TheShogun,"Steep learning curve, rewarding gameplay and a lot of stalking mines!!Strike Vector is a mix of flying shooters, arena games and thirdperson/firstperson shooters. The key feature in the game is the ability to swap from Jet to Harrier stances which really makes the gameplay unique and somehow complicated at first. You will be provided with a customizable ship and two weapons of your choosing from a variety of them which can be combined in any way you want, each with small perks you can also choose from, after that you'll select your special ability and your ship's main perk. With that in hand you'll head out to amazing, explosive and fast battles...It's not all perfect though, some weapons' damage and ease of use are a bit over the top and the difficulty of the game is elevated for new players.So if you dont mind suffering a bit this game is definately a great choice, just dont get caught by those stalking mines!"
76561198044580126,Recommended,246700,9041951,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Tellion,"Lovely game, great, fast-paced fights and stunning visuals make you easily forget the issues that usually come with games in their early states; 9/10 would buy again!"
,Recommended,246700,8963730,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Hunter of Georges,"I've played the game for 5 seconds and it already seems amazing. I'm Terrible, but it is fun to fly around in a ship, fire rockets everywhere, and have this unique ship flying battle."
76561197977295595,Recommended,246700,8706082,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jetfire,Very fast and furious flight and combat.  Very entertaining.  Looking forward to buying the 28th.
76561198051361002,Recommended,246700,9024786,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Skelebro,THis game is so much fun! But it is so hard. At first you willl keep crashing and crashing and when you aremn't crashing you are getting killed but once you stop crashing and start killing this game turns in to so much fun. One thing I think they could make better is the tutorial. so I'll give this game an 8.5 out of 10 because although it is fun you need to learn alot to be good.
,Recommended,246700,8870764,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Strider,a lot of fun and fast game play but tough to play for bigginers
,Recommended,246700,8901335,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,House md (alaska),"Great game.  Fast, fun, shootemup action.  Hard at at first but once you get used to the controls, 50+ hours of sooting other space ships in the face.  A little buggy, Sometimes crashes, but most of the time im running at 60+ fps.  The developers are really open to change the game, taking advice unlike some companies.  Flying around turning modes then shooting a cannon at an enemy and getting that kill is the most satisfying thing.  Definitely reccommend this game."
,Recommended,246700,8723736,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,steltek,"Simply freakin' amazing!  I think it's the closest experience of what it might like to be flying a Valkyrie in Macross~!  Of course, that only makes sense if you've watched the anime.  Just think!  Flying through around with full burners while someone's chasing right after with gatling guns blazing!  With a simply flick of a spacebar, you switch to harrier mode and let the guy fly right by you and BOOM.  That or you can do a 180 and hope you don't both die at the same time."
76561197969435589,Recommended,246700,8908378,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,bricktop66,nice game hard to learn as nails
,Recommended,246700,8911038,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Funky Boy,If you liked warhawk on ps3 or any fastpaced aireal action game you will love strike vector. The game is fast and all weapons are unlocked from the start soits not unfair. The only problem i hae withthe game is the fact that if you highly damage another player and he crashes you get no points which can be rather frustrating if you have been tailing him for the last 30 seconds.ps: all dlc shall be fre which seems like its worth mentioning.....
76561197970506862,Recommended,246700,8911665,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Zini,So much fun really fast paced took me about 2 hours of play to figure out how to play proper.
76561197968733814,Recommended,246700,8968000,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Stupid Noob,I think this is my new favorite game. I'm sure the fact that it's frenetic like Q3A has something to do with it.
,Recommended,246700,8764996,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Qizi,Crashing into things: The Game: the Movie: The Comic: the game
,Recommended,246700,8966282,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,nyberrg_belif,Hardest game i have played since Tribes: Ascend. 10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,246700,8980798,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Burrito Skoop,"Think you're a bad enough ace to take on these skys?Well I have news for you.... YOU AIN'T!Get ready for some high octaine adrenaline pumped action becuse these skys will show you NO MERCY!I HOPE YOU'RE NOT AFRAID OF HIGHTES, BECAUSE ITS A LONG WAY DOWN FROM UP HERE!What's that? You still think you can hang?GOOD BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA SCREAM AND BURN TILL IT HURTS!TIME TO EARN YOUR WINGS MERC! FLY OR DIE!"
,Recommended,246700,9022370,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Orange Wookie,"Arena shooters have been seen in far less numerous quantities in the recent years. The old-school model has since been replaced by the likes of many F2P titles like War Thunder or Hawken. Even AAA shooters have gone the COD or Battlefield route of defined progression through online multiplayer battles. Leave it up to the indies to give us what we really want.Strilke Vector puts you into the cockpit of a vector, a mechanized transforming vehicle which alternates between a jet and hover mode in an online multiplayer focused game. The title draws influence from titles like Quake Arena and Unreal Tournament in both its presentation and content, but with air to air dogfights similar to Crimson Sky. Even with its roots heavily embedded into the old-school it still finds ways to offer a fresh experience while avoiding many of the pitfalls that befall similar titles.Graphically speaking it’s somewhat of an oddity. In-game the title runs smooth and the vectors and environments look great but the main menu system lacks the same polish. This is obviously a very minor gripe, but it’s worth noting that Antonio de Saintex...Read the full review atthumbthrone.com."
76561197964036171,Recommended,246700,8905765,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,reborn,"Checking on great deals from Steam I noticed this gem. Not to say it's a game for the slow minded. I suck right now, but there is no other game that has given me this sense of 3d flying. I would say if you put in a little time, you could be pretty good and feel every kill as a accomplishment. If you ever wanted to know what it feels like to have a dogfight in space, with an arsenal at your finger tips, this game is for you."
76561197994587115,Recommended,246700,8913887,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Shurinen,"I've never written a review for a game, but after playing this I seriously felt the need to tell people how awesome this is. It has got to be one of the most original and exciting games that I've played in a long time and highly recomend this piece of awesome to anyone who is curious."
,Recommended,246700,8964418,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cyborg_delta1,"Love the game :DHowever when you install it for the first time the installer is missing the DX9 runtimes. When I installed the game and tried to launch it steam said I was playing then not and nothing happened so I changed the compatibility mode to Win7 and then I got a ""could not find d3dcompiler_43.dll"" error but when I downloaded the DX9 runtimes it fixed it also downloading DX11 will not work it has to be DX9 here is the link. Rage quit please fix thishttp://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/confirmation.aspx?id=35"
,Recommended,246700,10351026,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,beastmaker333,"Great, just wish that more people played it. It can be difficult to master the controls, but once you have it is a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,246700,20487290,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Nightwinds_ [33/467],"This game is well worth the money if you like competitive games like quake and/or counter strike. It's fun to play, but it's disappointing that there is almost no-one playing."
,Recommended,246700,9415571,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,TheWillRogers,"Do you like space?Do you like fast, non-stop action?Do you like Lasers?Rockets?Explosions?Well, this game might be the space combat game you've been waiting for. strike vector is insanely fast paced, too much so for my aging tastes. If you enjoyed the hectic, skill instensive fighting in Unreal, this games takes the skill to a whole new level.Sound 9/10This game sounds gooooooood.Story na/10Graphics 7/10-some textures seem to be upscaled a lot when viewing at 1400x900, the smoke from explosions looks good, the explosions themselves however, not so much.gameplay 7/10-I'll give 7 out of 10 simply because this is not my type of game. i've played about 20 hours of the game,(i think steam only says 5 tho...) and did good and bad. Dont judge the game off of your first few games, you will do bad. I had a much better time playing with friends.Verdict: buy on sale.That is all, Praise the Sun."
,Recommended,246700,9714877,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,kuj0,"This game is extremely hard to play when you're high, and the controls are difficult to get used to. Awesome gameplay."
76561198025051640,Recommended,246700,9797676,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Theron Reach,"This is the most fun game I've gotten in a whille. If you've played and liked Strike Suit Zero or Infinity, you will definitely enjoy this game as well."
,Recommended,246700,10276787,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,MrBlackMaze,"This is an incredible game. I love the playstyle, the controls are super easy and the graphics are truelly stunning.I wish more people would play this game. The PVP is fast paced and really balanced with the various weapons and special abilities.Check out my gameplay review on Youtube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ42aoMpf0I"
,Recommended,246700,10308283,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,HoldFast Stark,"A hyper-paced aerial shooter which favours the fastest reacting pilots. The controls are unforgiving at first but soon you will wish every video game gave you this much freedom and responsiveness. There are countless ways to fly and every weapon and ability presents a new rewarding challenge.Pros:- One of the best flight control schemes of any game I've played (after rebinding a few buttons)- 14 gorgeous sci-fi levels with thousands of nooks to fly through and ridiculous detail- A decent pile of weapons, abilities, and powerups- Impressive punchy audio- High degree of ship customization- More modes and levels to come as free updatesCons:- Mostly empty servers, there are times when there is absolutely nobody playing. This is a huge problem if you want to buy the game- No video tutorials. There are a ton of gameplay tutorials which try to teach by just making you fly through hoops, but they don't provide quite the info that a single good video tutorial could. I learned by playing for a few rounds then watching one of STAR_'s videos and that was all the tutorial I needed.This game is fun from the moment you start crashing into walls; I'd recommend Strike Vector to anyone who won't back down after being torn to shreds by the competition. Every time you die you will know it was your fault (unless you have a low-end internet connection or computer). Fly hard or get rekt."
,Recommended,246700,10316378,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,snarkel,gotta go fast!
76561198068240987,Recommended,246700,10168077,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,3Fiddy,This game was a blast when it had a players online but now it seems dead.
,Recommended,246700,8894166,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,󠁁  󠁁,"TOO EXPENSIVEWAIT FOR HUMBLE BUNDLE OR SALE DEAL.20% OFF = / = REASONABLE PRICE.Otherwise, very good game."
,Recommended,246700,8898498,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[TJR] Flt-Admiral Y-11,"I think this game has a great potential for the next Viral Multiplayer game. It's fast, competetive fun, with controls that are relativly smooth. Bugs ARE common on this version of SV, but as time goes on, I think that the guys at Ragequit will iron them out. But, it is worth the $20!"
,Recommended,246700,8780274,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Bing Search Engine,I got 3 kills and only crashed once.10/10.3 - almost as
,Recommended,246700,8891662,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kiradorn [ABER],"One of the best and exhilarating games I've every played. Played the Beta and loved it, I want to see what the full game has now! Would be nice to see something for the Beta Testers though :3 *Hint hint*"
76561198062234104,Recommended,246700,8892160,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Crow,"Yes.Buy this game.Seriously, just buy this game. You wont regret it.Why are you reading this? Buy the game!The learning cure is steep and the adrenaline is high.I dont know what else I can say to convince you to buy this.Oh yeah, you can put SHOTGUNS on your JET.SHOTGUNS!!This game is very well made, the controls are intuitive and the graphics are lovley. It really is overall a brilliant experiance. THe action is fast paced and easy to jump into. You first few matches may be spend running into walls more often than you would like but it is all worth it once you get the hang of it.10/10"
,Recommended,246700,8892163,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kenric,Yes.Fast paced skill based aerial dogfighting. You are rarely out of the action and always feel rewarded for your skill.The real question in terms of buying this is why you haven't yet.Just Yes.
76561198040672418,Recommended,246700,8895474,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BlackEyedBoy,"Played the beta of this and had a LOT of Fun (with a capital ""F"") .... see what I did there? Good enough for me to buy the full game in a heartbeatAnyways - it's good, no, scratch that, it's great. Seriously fast, fluid and intense - one minute being the hunter and then, with one wrong turn, one misfire, and you're suddenly the prey. Trust me guys (and gals?), this is really is a good as it looks. A great number of servers around, and the ability to jump into any game at any time, meaning there's no hanging around before you start dealing out the pain, or getting your **** handed back to you. You can change your loadout at any time, jump back into the game and see if it swings things in your favour. A really varied range of weapons - primary, secondary and special. You're going to be able to find the right set up for you to really be able to dish out the pain. The devs have put a serious amount of thought into this and it can cater to just about any player's preferences.It plays really well on the keyboard, so there's no need for a special controller (pah!), and the keys are fully rebindable which is something you may have to do - as soon as the game starts, you want to have yourself in a nice'n'comfy position for a few hours of fun.There's no campaign, and it's multiplayer only (at least at the moment), but there's an offline mode to practise your flying skills with - and trust me, you're going to want to do this. The craft you're piloting is a bit special, being able to do a 180 on a dime, great for planting a missile into the enemies craft, but you're gonna want to practise. I. Kid. You. Not. There's defintely a twitch factor here though that may put some people off. At the beginning you're going crash a lot into the beautiful scenery before something clicks, and you're flying between trusses, through channels and around corners whilst someone is chasing you.So, to sum. Great game. Fluid. Easy to jump into for a quick round or 20. Visually stunning for what it does. Fun. Fun. Fun."
76561198025573177,Recommended,246700,8896204,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sonicboom,PEW PEW PEWGOTTA GO FAST
,Recommended,246700,8896340,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,porksquad,"Games really cool, hard, and there is the fact that those who play air games tend to dominate at a much higher level than regular shooters, but all in all a total buy, provided you have the PC that can push the games graphics."
76561198079558038,Recommended,246700,8896660,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,auski,Super awesome!
,Recommended,246700,8896849,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kreychek,"Game takes a while to get good at and yields a very satisfying experience once you get there.Tribes Ascend is a decent comparison, but doesn't really do the game justice. Even though they both emphasize combat in all dimensions, the SPEED and variety of ways you can move in SV is what really sets it apart from any other shooter. It appears lag-free (playing from NA), runs perfectly, and provides competitive visuals that do well to compliment the mechanics. Gameplay can be VERY fast and twitchy, with varying skill floors across the levels. Suicide (crashing) is penalized in most game modes, and the combination of level design and mobility make it very difficult to play as a camper. At the same time, there is opportunity for sniping sprees, depending on the map, provided you consistently change location to avoid being spotted out. In general though, you can expect a need to be constantly moving, and those able to navigate tight spaces at high speeds while taking shots at other fast movers results in a very high skill cap for the game."
76561198044948370,Recommended,246700,8896963,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Brooke,you play as starfox and you shoot things also you can paint your starfox to be different colors
76561198012008941,Recommended,246700,8897162,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sokpuppet,Really good dogfighting.Great netcode.Controls take some getting used to.
,Recommended,246700,8897406,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Serendipitydeus,"very fun game, controls could need some work but nothing that you cant get used to."
76561198035566079,Recommended,246700,8898267,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Welly,There is only one Australian server... and its max capacity is 12 people...
76561198043670584,Recommended,246700,8898663,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Mindgoose,"This game right here...  It's the one I've been waiting for.  To those considering purchase: Awesome, totally worth every cent.  To the developers: Outstanding and well done.  I hope you continue to add to it."
,Recommended,246700,8903374,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,corpse,"Perfect sequal to orginial Warhawk title on the PSX.  An amazing game worth every dollar. If you never played Warhawk for the PSX this is the title to play.  Contorls are really smooth with the aircraft with keyboard and mouse, no need for a controller.  Few bugs here and there but I'm sure the kinks will get worked out, plus free content on Feb 28.  No CTF yet (or if it is there or not) but game modes that are current will have you playing for hours!!  This should have been Warhawk for the PS3 but I'm gald its on PC.  Weapons offer game play for all types of players.  All it needs is work shop for levels for community maps, that would be awesome.  If your not ready to spend $20-$24 on this game wait for a sale. Arcade flight combat at it's finest.  Unreal 3 meets air Unreal 3."
,Recommended,246700,8906586,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,BZKING,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!! thats all I have to say about it 0_o... its that good
,Recommended,246700,8907896,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,The Nefarious NIpplemancer,"Honestly, I suck at this game. Terribly. Horribly. Absolutely. And guess what! So will you! NOW HOLD YOUR HORSES READER! Everyone sucks at a game at first (unless your some kind of game GOD with some freakish ability to instantly learn ANYTHING) but this one is special. It's fast, furious, brutal, and not at all what you may expect from a classic FPS, CUZ IT'S NOT. It's Quake meet Star Wars: Rogue Squadron. At first, the game may seem totally unforgiving BUT BUT BUT (yes, three ""buts""  cuz this is important) it is an unequaled thrill ride of fun, thrills, and the occasional unfriendly touch of Stalker Mines (you'll learn to hate em). This is the most fun I've had since TF2, and I honking LOVE Team Fortress. Take it slow at first, get the hang of flying before you step into the arena, because you will have to manuever through a fart-ton of rockets, bullets, and all manner of flying death. OH! I forgot the maps! OH GOSH THE MAPS! Take your time to learn everything about the maps. There is alot of open space to get through, but alot of secrets too! Like little scrape-off points where a little stop, turn, and boost can scoot you away from danger or use it as a stalking point to catch little ships uawares. Plenty of customizing options that rival many games much older than this. Want a pink as hell ship? DO IT. Want to slide around unseen? DO IT! Want to play heavy hitter? DO IT! Want to put a hula girl on your dash board? Unfortunately you can't do that... BUT STILL. This game has alot to offer to the patient. And beleive me, you will get better. I'm getting there, and I am TERRIBLE. Also: FREE DLC FOREVER. How cool is that?! I give this game a solid 9/10! It is new so expect some kinks and folleys, but DO NOT let that stop you. This is the best 20 (25 after Feb 4th) bucks I have ever spent (aside from my unusual Pyromancer's Mask I got on Halloween, THAT was badass)!"
,Recommended,246700,8907970,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Tim,nothings more satisfying than going fast
76561198027097640,Recommended,246700,8912720,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,tictac,"great game. i so happened to be on steam when it first came out and read (one) comment on it.... so i thought what the heck i'll give it a try...... best money i've spent in awhile on steam. has its few glitches and problems here and there but its expected for a new game. the MB/S to run the game online is really good, i'd expected i might have lagging problems playing the game since i am currently deployed running around 20 MB/S and its a fast paced shooter game, but it runs great! Im looking forward to upcoming updates for the game. i would recommend putting the customization to the next lvl by having different attributes for the vector builds. not to the extent where higher ranks are O.P. but allows the players to continue customizing there fighting styles and techniques."
,Recommended,246700,8917027,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Kieran,"Fast paced and full of action, tons of fun even if you have a bad score. Just flying in this game feels really good Definitly a game to play especially since it's pretty unique in it's genre."
,Recommended,246700,8919533,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Rich Uncle Skeleton,Remember to blink.
,Recommended,246700,8926280,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,CillitBangKalash,Dogfighting to the max !
76561198032567522,Recommended,246700,8926550,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Zbomber94,"I warn you, while this game is PUNIISHING and BRUTAL on a whole new level, it somehow seems to still be fun to play. At first, there was crashing and negative scores galore! Yet I still had fun. Awesome game and worth the buy!"
76561198079314761,Recommended,246700,8930738,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DARKLY | Vinyl Breach™,Got potential thats all i got to say
,Recommended,246700,8930947,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,that guy you know,"VERY FUN, VERY FAST, AND VERY ARENAthis game may be a bit rough around some of its edges but boy does this fit the niche for ""EXTREME DOGFIGHTS!""this game is certainly worth the price, the only downside i saw was the lack of players, but since this game got a fatty markdown even that may change (i bought it when it was 20bux )all in all this game is one big bucket of fun which should answer the question you're reading this for,so plz...   BUY IT, BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,246700,8932006,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ant.,"Controls are hard to learn at first, after failing for 1-2 hours I finally got the hang of it. Very fast paced shooter, very fun."
76561197975367259,Recommended,246700,8932155,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,RiceMan,"Obviously suffering from a few bugs and balance issues, but definitely worth it. Fun as hell."
,Recommended,246700,8937092,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,I.Wilt,"This is quite a good game in all fairness If your a fps gamer with exp of Q3or UT it won't take long to get a feel for this. If you have done strafe padsin defrag even better. For a quick blast in the skys once you manage notto fly into buildings then it just gets better fast. After you shoot down afew pilots it will increase your interest the most.  Don't expect to be anAce pilot without putting in the practice,  if its just a quick blast over a fewmaps with some fun in mind  this might be right up your street.A blast in the skys with great music."
,Recommended,246700,8940683,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,dki,Game are hard I can died enemy vit tu sot kili tink are MLLG LEET pro reit tis high if like mi revievstraik vektor is space game very jetspaceshit i like game very much
,Recommended,246700,8947960,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Turom,"Fast-paced FPS with intuitive gameplay, a lot of fun, very refreshing game! Recommended!"
,Recommended,246700,8961029,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,heyitsmattyk,"I'll admit the learning curve is super steep in Strike Vector. Learning to fly is fairly simple but MASTERING it is a much more difficult task. Even so, this game is immensely fun, and piloting is one of the things that makes this game so much fun. It might not be worth the $24.99 but I'd recommend it anyway!"
76561198030242706,Recommended,246700,8895910,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,[DiamondDogs]WunderWeiner,"So i am gonna tell you that this game is remarkibly amazing!!! You will have fun with it, everyone right off the bat has everything unlocked and no one will have a gun advantage over anyone else. You just have to focus on practicing of course. I AM GONNA TELL YOU THOUGH, THAT IF YOU NEVER PLAYED A PLANE GAME BEFORE, GET READY TO RAGE QUIT!!!! ALOT!!!!!!! This game has hard controls that will take a while to master, careless to say it is still good after you learn. I trust that this game will have a bright future and you will enjoy it as much as i did."
,Recommended,246700,8896371,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,42words,"""*Hulp... HULP... BLEEEEUUUURRRRGGGGHHHH!""10/10"
,Recommended,246700,8897557,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,intox. Z҉A҉L҉G҉O,"Gameplay is great, its just I am not so sure if it would be worth to buy if its community is as dead as it was during beta. I am not talking about just a few servers..there was literally no more than 1-2 servers with a handful everything else in this game is solid..its just I am not sure its community support will be long lasting"
76561197991094611,Recommended,246700,8899221,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Humdot,"This game is really fun. It's well put together, the gameplay feels good and it's very fast paced. Bit of a learning curve which is a good thing."
76561198097185889,Recommended,246700,8926272,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Immortal Hamster,Large learning curve but overall amazing.
,Recommended,246700,8930471,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Theje,"First and foremost, be warned:  This is only a multiplayer game.  It's really fun to fly around, but there will be an instant and sharp learning curve as you get blasted out of the sky by veteran players.  If you're into games with no weapon progression, but an ultimately even playing field (seperated only by your skill level), then Strike Vector is for you.  Check out my full video review here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOyCTyPjSGc&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,246700,8937501,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Cyanity,"Holy hell. Those were the first words out of my mouth after being thrust into this game for the first time. Strike Vector is a blisteringly fast-paced, pulse-pounding, and skill-intensive 3 dimensional movement space shooter and it absolutely NAILS everything the developers were going for. If you invest a few hours of practice into this game, and really utilize your hover mode as an airbreak, this is some of the most fun you can have in online multiplayer gaming today. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,246700,8942785,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Saga [I'm back],For Quake players or Hamsters on cocaine.
76561198101383904,Recommended,246700,8992017,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,clockworkfish,"Buy this if you like intensly fast skill based games. Deffinatly a bit of a learning curve, but greatly rewarding to get kills when you do. Keep finding myself craving a chance to play"
,Recommended,246700,9001498,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Captain Terd Balls,"This game is for anyone who has an appreciation for twitch shooting, beautiful graphics, a steep learning curve and speed. Strike Vector reminds me of classics like Quake 3: Arena and Descent but that does not make it a derivative game. The rules are simple; however, learning to control your ship and staying alive while shooting down others requires discipline that is severely missed and hardly seen in modern shooters. The developers have already confirmed that all DLC will not be extra charge so the money used to buy this game is money well spent. If any of this sounds good to you, then buy Strike Vector."
,Recommended,246700,9047286,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Perma Hexx,To sum it up: Hawken in the air without the f2p crap.  Free DLCs promised.  It's a lot of fun.  Check it out.
,Recommended,246700,9051864,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,bitter・little・sweetie.,"Mechwarrior Online, Unreal Tournament with permanent jetpacks, Quake and a bit of Ace Combat squashed together. That sound appealing to you? Then continue.After having been at this game for an hour or so a day a week, I'm nearly at rank 44 (the current max that I know of) and have 14 hours tracked by Steam... They really need to stop marketing this as a ""brutal aerial FPS"". ""Brutal Aerial Shooter"" maybe, but the ""brutal"" part needs some work...Before reading the rest of this, do keep in mind that this is one of those ""constantly in development"" games, so anything can change.Bear in mind this is a LONG review so you can rack off and read a 1 line review instead if you are the tl;dr sort.Gameplay video over here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=226559974To begin with the graphics and sound of this game are nice and mediocre respectively; graphically the Unreal Engine has never been underperforming (unless made so by developer, such as, say, Dishonored). You might find yourself reminded of HAWKEN (which is coincidentally another UDK title) given the overall aesthetic of the game. Vectors aren't very streamlined or hyper futuristic - I'd liken them to a RSI craft rather than an Origin Jumpworks in Star Citizen. Textures in the environment are blurry at times, a victim of low resolution, and even in the hangar the Vectors' texture resolution could do some work. There aren't many options to toy with - just bloom and motion blur off the top of my head, but as a whole the game looks nice and runs smoothly, for my mid-range GPU. Textures unload too often though, so stutters happen a lot. Standard UE tweaks can be done though.Soundwise is a mixed bag. Stuff like the shotgun and plasma cannon sound decent, but need more oomph, the LMG sounds like a pip spitter and the Vectors' afterburners also need more ""BAM I'M GOING FAST"". Explosions on the other hand are satisfyingly gritty. The absolutely worst aspect of the sound though is the powerups - they mute almost all ambient sound for no reason, and don't give you a... powered up?... feeling.I don't like the music as a whole, whether it's the trailer's on the game's own. It's a kind of fun-loving peppy country rock thing (I think), which feels at home yet not at the same time. Personally I'd expect this kind of music in a trucker sim or something, but not in a futuristic-ish aerial shooter. I'd go for something more orchestral with some electrical vibes but that's my opinion. Music is a subjective thing.Gameplay, being the chicken schnitzel and french fries of this title's marketing, is mostly good too. Being both a shooter player and an Ace Combat player as well as a fan of Crimson Skies (High Road to Revenge, that is), but not a Quake/Unreal Tourney player...The basic piloting, flying your Vector without crashing, if you will, may not be for everybody. It adopts the ""follow your reticule"" method (i.e. your Vector uses your crosshair as a vector) in the ""Vector mode"" (jet mode), but this becomes standard shooter aiming in Harrier mode (i.e. hover, or helicopter mode), with the exception of your crosshair moving ahead, somewhat like MWO's arm crosshairs do. Given that you can easily turn on a dime by switching between Vector and Harrier mode, this makes for some very impressive flying antics if you can get the hang of it, plus you can barrel roll and do quick-strafes. Using third person Chase view (which is default, contrary to the marketing subtitle) makes things easier to get the hang of plus you can see things you might crash into more easily. Hitting anything head on in Vector mode is guaranteed to be a suicide, so be certain to try the Solo flight (buried under the Classroom menu button) to get the hang of things first.Combat wise, the six degrees of freedom afforded by the dual-mode Vectors (it's like flying an Osprey tiltrotor that doesn't suck!) makes for some extremely high paced dart-around combat, especially between two competent pilots who can easily spend minutes just dancing with the angels without shooting each other down. That said, a capable pilot can also quite easily dominate the scoreboard, with or without experience. It's incredibly fun to watch and exhilarating in a way to achieve.The weapons mostly have some bite to them, but some definitely much more than others. This is the largest flaw of the gameplay right now; weapon balance is nearly comparable to a certain Paul's. Shotguns are certainly devastating up close, but at the same time require some precise aiming even at that range (2 shots will do if you can get within 100m and center the target in your crosshair), but yet I feel they need a damager nerf and a range boost. Plasma is fine, since its a true sniper pro challenge (easier said than done in this game) while the gattling plain outclasses the LMG in general.Then there's the fact that Unreal/Quake (maybe some TF2) rocket jumpers got attracted. The Rocket Launcher is a commonly encountered weapon, the Homing one more so, and this hits extremely hard and still blasts you with splash even if it doesn't contact directly.The Swarm Missiles are the most commonly encountered weapon, the developer-declared ""newb's weapon"" but even long running players will use it, because it's so effortlessly able to kill things. You merely need to hide around a corner and fire them when you detect a Vector incoming on your radar. Aim them properly close range, you outdamage a shotgun. A shotgun coming at you? Move backwards, fire in their direction. Swarm Missiles also leave little dodging room in maps like Iron Fortress. They need a serious nerf, now. They're too rewarding for such an effortless weapon in a ""BRUTAL"" game, as are the Homing missiles. I feel like I'm playing against MWO's poptarts, and that's not a good feeling.As a couple of last notes, aiming is -easier- in first person. Flying isn't. And the community is tiny - expect to see the same names over and over.Modewise there's just Domination (king of the hill(s)) where you have to hold certain areas ala Battlefield Conquest till your score bar reaches the goal. Deathmatch (and Team Deathmatch) plus Bounty Hunter are the remaining few. Bounty Hunter could do some work because it's pretty darn luck based since a random lucky kill will put you in first, plus it encourages those hide-in-corner swarm players. The devs do seem to be working on new stuff in this area though. There's no PvE, only competitive PvP modes, plus it's not machinima friendly nor can you watch replays, spectate, etc. Hopefully those kind of things will come along.As with most games of this nature, Strike Vector feels a tad unfinished. Not like, say, Warframe, which feels a different kind of unfinished. The server browser can be inaccurate, the servers themselves will boot everyone out and reset themselves at least once in a while, and you might find yourself unable to change your Vector's colors. In my experience though I've had no problems with the client crashing or anything, but there's a lot of annoying short stutters which I believe might be texture loading whenever I do a 90 degree.So, as Kotaku says, ""Strike Vector does one thing - frantic multiplayer action"". And indeed it does it well. But no game is ever flawless, and definitely Strike Vector is flawed. Recommended? Yes. If you're a fan of flying, darting around, and heated battles. No, if you get tired of dying easily, really hate Swarm missiles coming around corners, or can't get the hang of flying anything at all. This is hardly a game for everybody. At US$24.99, I'd also pass. It's really hard for me to mark this as recommended at that price, but then again there's going to be no paid DLC, all free.Don't get me wrong, I like this game. I'm not much of a twitch shooter person and Strike Vector is a twitch shooter. It just requires more thought in it than say playing Duke Megaton online.Update: Now, SV is $11.49. More worth it."
,Recommended,246700,8893032,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Clamo,"really awesome game with a unique way of movement that is fun and hard to master. the game rewards the skilled players who master the movement and weaponrt of there ship. Nothing feels better than outrunning a bunch of rookies through tight cooridors only to turn around on them and unleash a volly of swarm missles. a great buy and it will be updated reguraly so it should hold interest for a long time. If your looking for a fun game to master and just have something to jump into for a couple minutes to a couple hours a day, strike vector is the game for you."
,Recommended,246700,8896491,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,雪花牌电视机 SnowTV,"First I have to say that, I have played a lot of shooters. FPS, TPS, MMOS, lots of betas, also includes flight games, like world of warplanes, anyways. I am saying this just to clearify that I am a experienced shooting game players.I have to say: this game is absolutely meeting my expactation. I have been following this game for... quite a while. Unfortunately, I didn't get beta invitations. But today I can finally play it, and I feel exactly the same when I am watching all those trailers and gameplay videos on youtube.Up to now, I only played 3 matches, all TDM.Before that, I go quickly through the tutorial, setup my ship, and go for a solo run. I feel no trouble to the control, after I getting into the game I soon get used to it, just like other fps like counter strike or unreal tournament. I have not had a chance to play quake though. It feels like natural, I just can play this. Only one thing is a bit strange: I did not feel acceleration in vector mode when holding down W.And in the first match, I was getting chasing on my♥♥♥♥♥so hard. And there is also a lvl 44 player on the other team, and our team members are leaving one by one, so I was dying all the time, chasing by like 4 to 5 players each time. Like most other guys.But in the 2nd game that high lvl player was on my side, so I did not die a lot and have a chance to get to 2nd place at the end. 2nd place in my 2nd game.So what I wanna say is, this is a totally fair game. If u don't do well, then u don't get good score. And that is what a game all about, just like other games. Even when u play some sports like basketball, if u dont do well, then u just lose, really simple. So I think there is really nothing to complain about. And for those who said that this game is too hard, did u really look at the trailers and the gameplays before buying it? It already looks fast-paced and hardcore in all the videos. So if u cant figure it out, that is your problem. Also btw, the team who make this game is called rage quit.So, two things I think which is not good in this game:First: team balance. Team need to be balance everytime a player join or leave the game. I mean, come on, win or lose is not a really big deal in this game. U just enjoy killing and getting killed and crashed and super fast speed and all the crazy things going on. I think the victory or defeated at the end of the game is just... makes the results of the game a little bit different.Second: Bugs. Yea I know, every game have bugs and everyone hate bugs. So, like for the boosting bug, I saw other players posted that u need to rebind the W key to make it work. So I think, at least the makers can do some hot fix, maybe just pop up a window to notice the new players that u need to re-bind the W key. Before u guys really fix that bug.The rest about this game is all positive. I LOVE THIS GAME!Also I wanna say some of my personal thoughts about the crash penalty.I think it is just reasonable. Because, if there is no penalty to crashes, then we will see players go suicide in every place, just because they dont wanna be killed to let other players score. Besides, u do need to control ur ship, just like in real world. Do u crash ur car onto the wall? No. And it also adds another layer of difficulty and intensity to the game. It works just right. Although some times, I get crashed by some other ships. Yea u can do it if u think that u are getting killed and just run toward that guy. But u still need skill to perform that high-five. And u still get penalty. At least I wont do that.Last few suggestions to the game, or rather to the developers:I think you awesome guys can add new game mode, such as: all plasma guns (like those sniper only maps in counter-strike), or some racing mode with racing maps. Oh yea, I really want a racing mode, drive a such high speed jet fighter in a narrow track, OMG, cant wait for that to happen!"
,Recommended,246700,8896734,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,checkm_8,"Participated in the closed beta.  It's still hard for me to believe a small dev team created this game from the ground up.  If you mix Call of Duty, Armored Core, and Ace Combat you'd get something along the line of this game.Once controller support is worked out it'll be purchase.  Please note this game is straight multiplayer."
,Recommended,246700,8928942,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Mustache,"While I think it could use a few things in terms of a progression system, I absolutely adore this game. It's like your every day space compat sim, but with an action packed dose of amazing twitch."
,Recommended,246700,8987079,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,kohanah,"The games (CoD, Counter Suck, Chivalry, really) that have been mentioned, in some relevance, suck imo anyway soo. . . . . no loss there.feels like an unreal engine type, personaly,This is old school like decent style only pvp. most ppl will find it hard to grasp due to liniar single level shooters as mentioned. fighting in a 3d spacefighter never did get a lot of love, you gotta like piloting stuff in the first place. it is not a 90's run n gun bs game.I do feel the level spawns could use tweaking a bit. the unlocks should state when they unlock.  (unlock: lvl22 or exp or something)"
76561198031712391,Not Recommended,246700,9072541,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SamP20,"I wouldn't reccomend this game to anyone who hasn't played many other shooters. For me it was far too difficult to learn, even after 7 hours of gameplay. If you are good at fast paced shooters then this game may have something for you."
76561197968626229,Recommended,246700,9224177,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,AtlasOrbit,"I love it! I have been waiting for a game like this to come out for a long long time, and it's here! If you have a scroll mouse use the infiniscroll like logitech g700s or performance mx mouse has it help with vertical flying when you're in ""hover mode?"" its awesome game I'd recommend it to everyone."
76561198034742879,Recommended,246700,9826572,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Spy-clone,"This Game is GREAT, once you die more and do more server plays, you will then get the hang of the rush!This game does not have an ""Advanced Option"" [MENU] so make sure your computer can handle the game.[Devs] please add ""Advanced Graphic Options"" I shouldn't even say this!Its full of Super Quick and Fast Paced people, !Beware!  if you like this kind of stuffPros: Fun, Arcade like, Super Fast Paced!Con: NEEDS ADVANCED GRAPHICS OPTION!  I also get sniped by people in the distance."
76561198114863846,Recommended,246700,9109087,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jaegerjaquez,"This is the hardest game I have ever played, and it is one of my favorites. Fast paced and precision"
,Recommended,246700,9110079,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Calibious,"It's a great game. There are still some things that need to be fixed, like the servers and the menu layout, but overall, lots of fun."
,Recommended,246700,9227618,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,The world's finest mathematical bowling simulator!Get it? Cuz a strike is a term from bowling and a vector is.... .... ...
,Recommended,246700,9245961,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,♥,"This game is really awesome and fast paced!After the slight learning curve you go through, you fly and sometimes it feels like it's straight from the coolest action movies the moves you pull off. Getting kills is really rewarding and you don't die too much after you've learned this game a bit. It's really fun; Strafing and shooting them down with a double shotgun, mixing and matching guns, being the pro with double rocket launchers!The multiple game modes, customization and maps are awesome and there are yet more to be added. Totally free. This is just the game you should get if you're looking for something fun and different. Actually, get it anyways, you won't regret it.Just enough hectic.If I can make a small request after this, it is controller support, but who am I to whine about such things after the first version is released and the next patch is only 4 days away.Cheap / Fun / Free DLC / Hectic / Not Rageinducing / Rewarding"
,Recommended,246700,9312766,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Laurgo,BUY IT
76561197962359124,Recommended,246700,9335303,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,..,"Strike Vector is an excellent game! Take your time learning the game as a beginner, there is a lot going on. Rebind your keys to a better format than the default and be sure to rebind AT LEAST the W key since this is REQUIRED and by default it doesn't work (bug).This is a FPS in all three dimensions and extremely fast pasted. You must learn to utilize the hover mode and your HUD, first AND third person mode. Obstical avoidance will  become one of your biggest enemies. It took me at least 5 hours of just getting demolished by others and crashing into walls to figure out what I was doing wrong. I'm over that hump now though and thoroughly enjoying the game. I'd say ignore any of the negative reviews of this game below 5 hours at least. I hated it too at first but you just need to stick with it.The Unreal Engine that this runs on is fantastic. At 2560x1440 I get 110fps solid on two GTX780s and it looks just wonderful. Maps are beautifully designed, both vast and intricate at the same time. Menu system is great, keybinding works, its fast and easy to find and change settings you need. I haven't experienced a crash even once.The only negative for me with this game is the lack of players. I'm in NA and sometimes there's only a dozen or so people when I reload the server list."
,Recommended,246700,9347935,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Tyvaros,"This is what could best be classified as an aerial FPS. It has a high skill ceiling and looks amazing, can't recommend enough."
,Recommended,246700,9349607,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Leviathan,"Quite possibly one of the best shooters I have played in a long time. the game is currently dead, but i suspect with the new release on consoles, they will update our version drawing in new members. They will also be implementing a bot system to populate lobbies."
76561198114643977,Recommended,246700,9381692,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,clstandingbear,"Reminds me of Forsaken on the N64.  I wish it was a little slower, though, because things move so fast and enemies are hard to see."
,Recommended,246700,9438472,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,RogueToad,"The main reason I reccomend this game is not so much because of its amazing gameplay, but because it NEEDS players. Seriously, there is only ever like one populated server at a time. Hopefully all this new content that Ragequit is promising will include the features it desperately needs, like a legit tutorial and some kind of single player (maybe), but for now I still highly recommend thisgame as it is, only takesa while to actually teach yourself how to play. But please, support this game and give me some people that can play on my dismal skill level (still learning)."
76561198010486201,Recommended,246700,9714249,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,midnightwyvern,"I had a blast in the Beta, and I would definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,246700,9719461,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,koga_de_fett - ps4!!!!,"everyone this game needs more ppl dont get me wrong there is servers and prolly more ppl than i am able to see all the time playing, BUT this game is SO INCREDIBLE, and just white nuckle all the way I honestly believe this game will be even better if more ppl would just take a glance at it :)"
76561197970263220,Recommended,246700,9801654,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Phillip,"Fast-paced and brutal, but I'm really enjoying it so far."
76561198106143435,Recommended,246700,9902735,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,The Edge of Visible Space,"When I first started playing this game, I - as the company that developed it is named - ragequit constantly. However, after getting used to the controls and the speed of the game, it is really fun! The only downside I see is that this is a Multiplayer only game. There is no campaign to speak of (save for a challenge mode that involves manuvering around the map with a timer), but that is not the issue, as I understand that it is an Indie title. My only qualm, is that not enough people are playing this game! (Disclaimer: I have not been paid to say this) It's too bad, because when I want to get into a match, sometimes there are so few players that the matches aren't as amazing as they could be. 9/10 - Only because the learning curve is a bit steep. It's not the kind of game you can pick up and play."
,Recommended,246700,9117434,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sunkaaaaaaaaan,GONNA TAKE A RIDE INTO THE DANGERZONE10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,246700,9751160,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"Most amazing multiplayer game ever.I recommend it to the highest degree.The only problem I see is the fact that NOBODY seems to play this game, as I have yet to see a server that isn't empty.Even more reason to buy this game, I tell you what."
,Recommended,246700,10968860,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Jack Dandy,"This game is VERY well optimized and has all the weapons and perks unlocked from the beginning.It's also very dynamic- the combat feels like something straight out of Macross.10\10, would turn on a dime again"
,Recommended,246700,10546115,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Palm-Top Taiga,Spaceships are really freaking cool.
,Recommended,246700,10602147,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Xeiva,"One of the most underappreciated online PVP deathmatch style games which I have ever come across, this game deserves more players, and with the constant updates the game is expanding its map list and gamemodes again and again. I bought it at $25 and I have no regrets."
76561198003246282,Not Recommended,246700,9175127,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Al_Hez,"Pretty average, expected more."
,Recommended,246700,8894703,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rynex,"Strike Vector is a brutally fast ""FPS"" game, drawing elements from games like Quake, Forsaken and Descent. It may feel somewhat unforgiving at first, and you'll probably find yourself crashing a number of times, but it becomes a much better experience once you get to grips with how things work.  Customization of your ship comes in the form of changing the hull, chasis and jets of your ship, all of which are simply cosmetic and add no enhancement to your ship in any way. You get a series of guns, special items and perks to kit your ship out with, and all of them feel releatively balanced well.It does feel that as of writing this review (01/28/14) that this game is still a bit rough around the edges, but the team at RageQuit have promised that all updates and DLC will be free for the game, hopefully in the form of more ships, maps and gamemodes.The price may disaude you, but really this game is every bit worth it. Watch the trailer video and you'll get the general idea of what this game is about, and if it perks your interest like it did mine, then it's probably tingling the fps niche tastebuds of yours."
,Recommended,246700,8946588,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Humborger Bones,"This game is really amazing.  It has very very fast paced action and the flying mechanics are amazing also.  There was a lot of debate about the game when it came out and I am not sure if it is still going on but people said that the game should be f2p, and i can guarantee you this is not f2p quality, it is way worth the 20 dollars."
,Recommended,246700,9021218,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dizzi,Amazing game! <3 Unreal ... with vector ;)
76561197972582220,Recommended,246700,9775974,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Lukhien,"This game is fun and they keep adding new content, can't wait for more people to pick this up! Definitely a great game that will keep getting polished."
,Recommended,246700,9785828,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Glyph N Ghost [B²],"great game totally worth the money i paid for it, as long as it continues to grow it will be a fantastic game!"
76561198020766718,Recommended,246700,9786595,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,aCdhell,"Wipeout + Descent + Quake = Strike VectorHELL YES!Hard to learn, hard to master. BUT SO REWARDING!If you like arena shooters play this insane masterpiece.(Be careful about 3rd person mode, while it looks easier and is the default setting, controlling your vector will be easier in First Person. Of course you can change the default in settings.)"
,Recommended,246700,8957619,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Altruizine,"Horrible music, horrible ""tutorial"". The only single player practice available is a solo flight mode that provides no way of doing target practice, apretty darn important skill to improve in a shooting game. The lack of matchmaking will be an annoyance to some players.The game is fun though. flying is graceful and the controls are incredibly easy to get used to. I didn't experience much lag in multiplayer, though I haven't done much of it. Joining games is quick and the near instantaneous respawn is always a welcome feature.Strike Vector is a really good dogfighting with a few glaring flaws that need to be addressed quickly.I recommend waiting a few weeks before getting the game, but then again it's not that big a deal if you want to play a fun multiplayer dogfighting game now."
76561198025514459,Recommended,246700,9791170,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Bender Sama,"It's a great shooter that's super fast paced... I love it! Reminds me of Strike Suit Zero, just a whole lot faster paced and multiplayer."
76561198030182775,Recommended,246700,10037239,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Dr Azrael,"Sick of classic FPS games? Want a new, different, fast-paced shooter? Then THIS is what you need.I won't lie, this game is pretty hard, and you'll spend the first hours shouting at your computer. But the feeling you get when you manage to destroy an enemy Vector after a pursuit through the levels and a face-to-face duel is f***ing awesome.The graphics aren't astonishing but still the game is not ugly at all, the colours and the general design make it beautiful. You can customize your Vector, and there are enough weapons to choose the way you wanna fight (Rocket Launcher? Shotgun? Sniper?)The problem is, online mode may be dead in some time if nothing is done. But you'll always find a group of players to play with anyway.So please, if you are hesitating, don't hesitate anymore and buy this game now. At 11.99 there's no way you could regret it."
,Recommended,246700,9115423,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,𝓥𝓸𝓵𝓽𝓪𝓰𝒆,"Oh my god, yes.This is perfect."
,Not Recommended,246700,8908442,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MegamanXGold,"This is a revised review.  The game still isn't worth its current $20 asking price, with a key binding issue and a glitch causing the game to be unable to resolve servers (can't see them), this game just isn't ready.If you get the key binding glitch, rebind the forward and backward keys for flight and hover modes to something else, then back again.  Seems to fix it.Originally, these problems were my reason for the thumbs down, but even having fixed them I'm having trouble getting the feel for the game.  Ultimately my thumbs down is because the game, in addition to fixing obvious bugs, needs the following things for me to like it:1. Better flight controls.  Perhaps a half-way between flying and hover to give flight mode the ability to make sharper turns and control the aim of the Vector directly with the mouse, instead of the Vector trying to fly towards the target reticle.  Basically an in-flight strafe, though it would be reasonable if the barrel roll and boost are disabled while holding the key to use this halfway mode.2. Having absolutely no customizability at the beginning of the game was really disappointing.  Having a couple extra options to personalize the Vector at the start would inspire me to see what else I can earn.3. The soundtrack is a little weak for this kind of game, and some battle tunes would be cool for the matches.Before correcting my issues, this game has been my most frustrating gameplay experience of 2014.  But now I'm starting to see this game is salvagable.  If there's no way to return Steam games, then I certainly hope to eventually feel like my money was well invested."
,Recommended,246700,9077048,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,UtMan1988,This is the game I've been waiting to play since I was 8.
76561198005421024,Recommended,246700,9875599,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Ghost,"You can't go wrong with this game, especialy for 20€.When you'll start playing it for the very first time though, you'll get frustrated, fly into walls and get destroyed by every single person on the multiplayer.So you'll quit the game for a hour or two, and then you'll want to come play a bit more cauz', eh, it's fast and♥♥♥♥♥♥ You'll play some solo achievements, practice solo on maps. Soon you'll start to feel pumped up and dodge everything you can possibly think of dodging, raming speed. You'll get better and better at flying, and soon enough you'll have enough confidence to play in multiplayer once more.And you'll get destroyed, again.So you'll say this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and alt F4.But hey, it looked reeeally cool didn't it ? Oh my oh my, after 3 hours, you're back in the game. More solo, you finaly understand how the perks and weapons work, which to use for what and when. And this time, when you go on the multiplayer it's suddenly not the same.Your're starting to get kills, dodge fire and witness true moments of glory: ships crashing in a trail of fire, explosions in the distance and your ship flying in between massive neo-punk skyscrapers. Congratulations, you're actually playing the game at its best.So yes, this game is worth your time.The learning curve seems HUGE at first: it's fast and you have no idea how to fly and hit anything. But if you overcome this (which is easier than it seems btw, it took me roughly 5 hours), you'll have one of your favorite games.The art design is astonishing and the controls simply perfect. Once again, trust me, you can't go wrong with this game."
76561198032502488,Recommended,246700,8974736,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Klulas,"Strike vector is a game that you enjoy playing, even if you`re bad at it first.Amazing fast paced experience!"
,Recommended,246700,9046495,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Raner,"Pretty fun game! Defineitely needs more player base in the US and practice to begin enjoying, but it is still very fun to play!"
,Not Recommended,246700,30691612,Posted: 23 March,all,DorianLM,Good game... but no one is playin this. literally ZERO people on the Servers.
,Recommended,246700,11610902,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,lirochett,"Amazingly fun game, easy to get into but very hard to become very good at. Ships are fun to fly and fun to customize, lots of different types of gun combinations and gun upgrades that dont require you to unlock them make the game super fun. Can get frusturating and boring pretty quick, though."
,Recommended,246700,11625193,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Robo-Forte,"If Star Fox took a jar of cocaine and had drunken sex with f-zero you would get Strike Vector, a fast paced ship shooty game.This game is a great mixture between awesome combat and awesome movement skills, you need to be good at this game to accomplish anything. That is one problem with Strike Vector its very steep learning curve if you intend to play this game you got to play it heaps with the huge amount of controls and skill required in movement and shooting, the good thing is that the game is entertaining enough to make you play those long hours of practice.Strike Vector features customisation in both aesthetics and loadouts and gives quite a bit of depth to it. You can colour and change parts of you ship and equip different weapons (1 left, 1 right) and add enhancments to those weapons, you also have a special ability and a passive effect (like added defense or faster in vector mode). Unfortunetly there are not many ship parts and it takes a while to unlock (I still don't have all of them)Overall this game earns a solid 9/10 its an extremely fun and exciting experience and it brings something new to the table of video games with its fast paced action and crazy flight manuvers the only thing this game needs is a god damn race mode, it would be the greates thing ever"
76561198026410504,Recommended,246700,32056484,Posted: 29 May,all,Mr. Hustler the Jimmy Rustler,"This game might be one of the smoothest feeling competitive shooters out there.The movement and combat controls are so responsive and feel so good to play, I love just going into practice and flying around the different levels.Unfortunately that's pretty much the only thing to do :(This game is so dead I think you can smell the funeral pyre. Don't expect to find many people to play with, but definitely pick this game up on a sale. The mechanics and visuals alone are amazing, and who knows, maybe somewhere down the line Frankenstein will pay this game a visit and bring this fun dogfighter back to life."
76561198027587892,Not Recommended,246700,9785098,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,BabyMonkey,"this game has mouse lag by default, sway on aim and locked fps.this dev is trying to sabotage first person shooters.stay away"
,Recommended,246700,18317629,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,PrimeZero,"Honestly, this game is amazing. It's a beautiful game, fun just to fly around at breakneck speeds. The dogfighting is a bit diffiult to get used to, but is very rewarding when you do. Although many will complain about a poor playerbase, there are a handful of steam groups that coordinate meetups in game just to have fun. In general, this game is a diamond in the rough, and i would highly suggest buying it."
,Recommended,246700,14343154,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Juegoman,"Do you like going fast?Do you want to be able to achieve blazing speeds and then turn on a dime to catch some slow fool off guard?Yes?Get this game. It's beautiful with its UE4 graphics and attention to detail. Customization's great too.Some issues are that when this game lags, it LAGS. Just a warning to bros with spotty connections.Another issue is the learning curve this game has. For a while when you start out in this game you may feel like you are hopelessly outmatched as people fly circles around you. My advice is to keep trying! The moment it ""clicks"", you will find yourself actually getting kills, actually dodging missiles and terrain, and most importantly, having fun.And that's what video games are all about."
76561197991424353,Recommended,246700,18656580,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Soupy Bruno,"Best arena shooter I've played since Quake 3. The game looks great, in terms of ship and environment designs. Dog fights happen at the limit of human perception. Unfortunately the game is pretty dead. It deserves to be played."
,Recommended,246700,20058951,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ARCH'er Nemesis(Jah),"I strongly recommend this game, it has such a fast paced gameplay with amazing gamemodes and maps, quite stunning graphics and in desperate need of players. I couldn't love this game more and i hope to put a little more hours behind my belt very soon"
76561198041099788,Recommended,246700,14744866,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Tathendal,"I like shooting in videogames. I like (arcade style) flying in video games. This game has both and I like this game, alot!I want to write this review without just telling you how awesome this game is, but it is hard.""Bad"" thing about this game is that if you don't have much experience with accuracy shooters like Unreal Tournament etc, or you don't have accurate mouse hand and reflexes and good sense of direction you are going to suck at this game...AT THE BEGINNING. This game is hardcore in the sense that you must suck a certain amount of time at it before you are going to be better and get on the other side of dominating noobs. And this game has pretty friendly community if you have patience some one will guide you and try and teach you.The spirit of the game is somewhat similar to those old-school shooters it gets compared to often like UT or Quake. It doesn't have any unlockable weapons etc (only non-gameplay related thing such as skins). It doesn't have any killstreaks or other crap. Strike Vector relies on skillful movement and aiming mechanics. This fact makes nowadays gamers not giving this game enough time and give it a chance.So you are going to die alot in the beginning. I don't see this game hardcore in the sense that you must invest several hours a day in it or anything like that. It is hardcore in the sense that you don't get your hand held but instead you get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you, if you are not careful. I have some FPS experience and I started getting kills and not being killed consistently before 10 hours of playing.The game has great style and graphics. The most important thing in it is that flying feels awesome. Manouvering your ship around tight corners and making quick turns when being chased to grab a couple of repair items to turn around and give your opponent a couple of rockets in the face feels awesome. Many times you are going to crash to a wall when doing it but yeah, thats going to be your own fault. Who never said that flying fast in tight spaces are easy?Shooting also feels great. Weapon sound effects are awesome. Weapons have variation and support various play styles. The fact that you need to lead your target depending on your weapon makes shooting not easy. You know how this effects the feeling when you get a kill? I'll tell you. It feels awesome. It is a small achievement itself. YOU made it happen, not autoaim, not your killstreak, not even luck.To summarize:-Awesome game with awesome flying and shooting-Skill is a thing in this game (which you will get if you keep playing don't be frightened)-Buy this game"
,Not Recommended,246700,32392474,Posted: 13 June,all,vdub63 ▲,"It's a great game, but barely anybody is ever in the game. Star, I want my money back."
,Recommended,246700,16275746,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Kurothefox,"Fantastic game, not enough people."
76561198082927687,Recommended,246700,15814091,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SAAV,There are no players. none.well... there are a few. But not enough!There is only ever one server at a time with players on it and those players are usually a lot better than you.Other than that the graphics arent at all bad and the gameplay is awesome.
,Recommended,246700,8962890,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,T-Bone,"Extremamente difícil, puro skill necessário para jogar competitivamente. O jogo é muito divertido, para os que tem a habilidade suficente para desviar de obstáculos em velocidades extremas. Não espere ficar com um Kill/Death Ratio positivo nas primeiras partidas. É simples, concordo, mas com DLCs gratis, a experiência só tende a melhorar."
76561198047955714,Recommended,246700,8845118,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SoulSin,Why are you readings those reviews down here? The Purchase button is at the top!
,Recommended,246700,8908994,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Klipwc,"An exteremely fast paced game which offers a very well balanced playing field for all, deffintly worth a look.If you have played Strike Suit infinity/zero, Strike Vector resembles that with much more fluid controls, multiplayer and infinite ammo for your weapons. So if you played SSI/Z, you will have quite a headstart over other players.For thoese who have not played SSZ/I, Strike Vector offers a fast paced flying shooter, just imagine unreal tournament with jetpacks. All weapons and perks are unlocked right from the start and you can chooese your loadouts any time after a death or at the start of a match.The game offers multiple different weapons, you can chooese to either dual weld the same, or equip any different types on your left and right side. Each weapon can equip two perks, such as faster reload, more damage, etc. Power ups can be obtained during the game itself, low on health? Grab a repair powerup. Cooldown for skill taking too long? Grab the cooldown powerup! There are also damage, defense and speed powerups which drop from drones.All weapons have infinite ammo. Even for weapons that have an ammo count, you just need to reload and voila, back to full ammo. So you can spam with impunity. Just remember, if you can, so can your enemy.As can be expected from a BETA, there are problems, mostly regarding server connection. Server connection can only be described as ""rubberbanding"" at the moment. This is mainly because some countries dont have a localised server and they have to join other countries, when someone like that joins in, the whole server lags. Another problem is that there is no reload button, making it a tad bit annoying at times.One thing some people might not like, the game is extermely punishing to crashing and team killing. Do either of them and its a -100 and -150 exp appropriately. Doing either will also drop your number of kills by 1.If you love progression, you might want to reconsider getting Strike vector. All weapons and perks are given right at the start, the only progression in the game is to unlock cosmectic items. This on the other hand might be a plus for some others."
76561197960413444,Not Recommended,246700,8927883,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Scuttle.,"Wasted $20. Flying is awkward and clumsy, if you're looking for transforming jet-fighting go play some Warhawk or Starhawk."
,Not Recommended,246700,8928103,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,G E R N,Floating aim... come on its 2014 already! This games sucks! Keep your money
76561197961421257,Recommended,246700,8942175,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Grenadier,Strike Vector is classic fast-twich FPS tactics.Strike Vector is brutal aerial combat.Strike Vector is savage white-knuckle split-second decisions.Strike Vector is customizeable multi-player bliss.
76561197976277785,Recommended,246700,8957726,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,IDLE,if you enjoyed the combat in Freelancer then you will like this. its exactly the same. it plays like an unreal deathmatch in a small arena. the game is still missing alot of features and has bugs. but the next patches should fix those.
76561198008353560,Recommended,246700,8957992,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,SUPERJEEVES,dual rocketstwice the wotwice the airshot
76561198013987059,Recommended,246700,8968625,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,"""Internet""",Moving my whole body when playing this....It is kind of a tribute-dance to acknowledge an AAA-Adrenalinegame.10/10
,Recommended,246700,19408498,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Sunder,I really enjoyed this game
76561198030110268,Recommended,246700,14397365,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,TheCiderman,"awesome game, worth it. fast play and no one simple approach to tactics with so much maneuverabilty in your craft, get your mech fix, get your space fix, get your shooter fix, and your fly-a-plane fix. finally a shooter that requires some skill but doesnt have a super psychotic learning curve for playing online. needs a bigger community though, more players, get your friends in on this one :D"
,Not Recommended,246700,12096694,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,GreenBeetle,"Good game but... He's dead, Jim."
76561198135347066,Not Recommended,246700,25972985,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Codder5000,How do i return it
76561198035129617,Recommended,246700,11606565,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Otaku know that on my avatar,Epic Game/ Must Have/
76561198058071780,Recommended,246700,21781784,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Lakiga,"for people who dont know, try and find servers on saturday. thats when everyone is on."
,Recommended,246700,10989832,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,7777 Tʜɛ Ӻ๑๛∂ß¡╬ξrร,"Ok quick and dirty, Gobsmacked. Strike Vector delivers action from start to finish. Played about 5 hours strait, half in tutorial/training/challenge mode & half online in multiplayer. If Quake 3 is to fast or brutal for you, if Descent was to complex for you hang with, than this likely will break you and leave you crying like a whiney baby harpseal who's lost it's mother, perhaps also leaving a bad review.  If those games tickled your fancy, wait no further, this game is for you.Strike Vector really delivers a feel of nostalgia without feeling forced. I don't think this game really needs to have a comparison and the one's I've heard, even from the developers don't seem to fit. It's more for me like Descent meets Mechwarrior 4, or like playing Starfox 64 with a QUAKE influence. I have to say as far as difficulty the learning curve is pretty flexible. If you want to shoot rockets and hope for the best you can, if you want to be a sniper and go the hard route there is  the plasma gun.All and all I give this game a 10 in Graphics, Gameplay, Replay Value and Multiplayer, but I give it a 6 in Controls. I'd like alot more control over for instance how I aim in (Precision Mode) inverted vs not, there are no bindings menu for HID (joystick) controls and manual ignition/pre-ignition while in (Jet Mode) seems to stay on always after used.Hope this game keeps up the awesome. I'm going to try and get out of my terrible noob status with the plasma guns, I use double plasma guns and so far only had a few clean kills.edit: an's to a's and teh to the"
,Recommended,246700,13939361,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,elohim_essaim,"You know how an Italian chef kisses his fingers and says something in Italian that translates to ""A masterpiece"" after tasting their own dish? That's how I feel about this game."
,Not Recommended,246700,8981702,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,King Vegeta,"I don't understand how anyone is able to play this when mouse controls are so fidgety...  The mouse acceleration is so fidgety it makes aiming nigh impossible, even at the lowest settings.  One small movement of the mouse & the cursor is sent accross the screen.  I asked other players in the game & they said they weren't experiencing any problems with it, but I'm having such a hard time aiming it's just impossible to do anything other than die by being shot down or crashing.  After an hour of trying to figure out what was wrong  the problem still persists.  Expect lots of fiddling with the controls & having a high learning curve of getting used to them before you're even able to get one kill or be of any use to your team.This is NOT a game you can jump in & easily play... This is one of those games where players need to spend hours at first just to even know how to aim.  Therefore, I cannot recommend this game due to the fact that it does not appeal to the casual players.  If you are a casual, stay away from this.  If you have hours upon hours to spend just to learn how to play then you may want to give it a try."
,Recommended,246700,16820738,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Dr. Reality,Game ♥♥♥♥ing crashes when I try to pull up the server list.9/11
76561198226158024,Recommended,246700,16735674,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,yowie,its very fun but needs more players
,Not Recommended,246700,8895509,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,gr8stalin's mustache!,"Yet another arena shooter with a twist that I've been burned on after following for a considerable amount of time.Harrier mode does nothing but make you a target. Everyone is constantly moving in fighter mode and equipped with homing missiles. Too many things home in on you for something being advertised as an arena shooter, so don't bother strafing in Harrier mode either. Since Harrier mode is absolutely useless, it's all about dogfighting. There are already a number of both single and multiplayer games that do dogfighting in a superior/more functional manner. The maps are cluttered mazes with vast open spaces surrounding them, leaving no functionality for Harrier mode, and more often than not I see players dying more often to suicides via crashes than actually dying to enemy players. The game description on the store page says:""you create your own class :- Fast and stealthy to capture positions and hide in massive structure to surprise your enemies.- Heavy and powerful to defend strategic points or assault enemies defenses.""Defending points is simply just dogfighting in one area, and it's not like anyone in a given server actually has enough motivation to capture the point over just simply fighting the other team. Hiding in structures in Harrier mode hasn't done anyone any good because of the aforementioned problems. Customization doesn't seem relevant since you'll be looking at a silhouette of a ship with a red rhombus surrounding it and the player's name on top of it, and you can easily switch out weapons during respawn. The only mode that seems to work from a pure gameplay aspect is CTF.The game is buggy to the point where I feel like I purchased a beta instead of a finished product. The best and most easily recreatable examples I can cite are: 1) I've been sent back to the splash screen at LEAST 4 times from mid-battle for reasons I cannot fathom and 2) The homing mine states that it homes in on the closest enemy, but it will trigger on allies as well.The positive parts of the game I can note are that I can go fast, there are no weapons that need to be unlocked, and the maps look good enough for something built on Unreal 3.The idea is nice but the execution has proved less than stellar. Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,246700,8923779,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,rowlder,"I don't see what anyone likes about this game. I heard ""Free DLC"" and ""Only 20 dollars for a finished game!"" I was excited. But then I tried playing it, and it's abysmal. The whole game is irritatingly disorienting, players are seemingly impossible to hit, and you will most likely end up with a negative score in every game, unless the other players are worse than you.The game has one of those weird systems where instead of actually aiming where you move your mouse, and being accurate to your movements, it tries to make things seem ""realistic"" by adding an obnoxious sway when you move your mouse. It also seems like only a few of the weapons are worth using, and upon talking to other people in game, they agreed that there were only a couple of set ups worth using. And whenever I used those, I felt kinda dirty since they were all homing weapons. Like what's the point of a first person shooter if I can't actually ♥♥♥♥ing aim?For some reason, servers will just disconnect you and no reason as to why appears on the screen, on top of the fact that the game has customization options you can't actually use. It allows you to change your colors, but as soon as you change it it just changes back.If someone could give some major advice that would make this enjoyable AND playable, it'd be great, since the game looks really good, and I feel like I should be having fun."
,Not Recommended,246700,8892932,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,aeon,"I wanted to like this game, I really did, and who knows, for $5 I might have; with the $20 ($25 next month) charge for the game, it just isn't worth it in my opinion. The graphics don't look much better than games released 15 years ago (Descent 2 comes to mind). I could barely even read the text for the weapons/components/etc. in the hangar. The gameplay grew boring and stagnant after about 10 minutes, and I've always been a fan of arena style fps, so it's not even that I hate the genre. There is just nothing interesting about it. The locations are all pretty generic, the weapons are neat for the first 2 minutes but don't bring anything new to the table. The controls felt like a joystick in a tub of sour cream. The sound was just as bad as the graphics.  At the end of the day, is this game worth $20? No. Not when you can get Strike Suit Zero for the same price and Strike Suit Infinity for $7, which are both MUCH better than this. Dear Ragequit: please rage quit. Making games just isn't for you."
,Not Recommended,246700,8897385,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,FightForth,"I was hoping by the time this released that the game would have some way of easing in how to improve at the game, and that it would be pretty awesome. Instead I'm greeted with a ""Just hop into a server, and good luck."" Which really doesn't work out when you have one experienced player from before release, or just a flight combat veteran dominating primarily the rest of everyone else due to inexperience.There wasn't a moment that it felt like being outside of Jet mode served purpose to battling as much as it does to make really sharp turns around obstacles to try and shake off anyone on your tail. That really is the only thing twitchy about it. Sometimes you can go into Harrier mode from far away, and try a bit at long range combat although you're likely to have someone speed right past you with a shotgun and rocket launcher to the face as you sit somewhat idle.I was surprised to find this game still feels like it's in beta. I hate to see this game does not refresh the server listings properly with incorrect player counts, maps, and modes as I found myself many times joining a server that said it was in TDM mode with 11/12 players as a regular DM with just myself in it.Under the menu I wasn't too surprised that there isn't many graphical options being this came from a small team. That didn't become an issue for me as I had solid performance all the way through on a GTX 760. At least you can rebind all your keys from what it seemed, but that won't help much when you're trying to get into this game.It's just that I could of played War Thunder or Star Conflict for free and end up having a better time.I wouldn't pick this up unless you're a hardcore fan of flight combat because the learning curve is really high."
,Recommended,246700,22483864,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Craftosaur,no one even plays it10/10
,Not Recommended,246700,30211976,Posted: 26 February,all,CritBit,"When I first bought this game I was hoping to have an experience like Hawken but in the air: boosting around, dodging enemy fire, killing enemies. I received the same experience alright, but not what I asked for. What looked to be an interesting and potentially awesome game turned out to be a silent graveyard of servers with people rarely opening the game. As much I hate to say this I regret buying this because it had my hopes up after what happened to Hawken."
76561198093363183,Not Recommended,246700,32519747,Posted: 17 June,all,Smackm0nk3y,"Like others have said, its a dead game.  No point in playing."
,Not Recommended,246700,15518820,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Azure Nova,"Has the potential to be a fun, fast paced game.... but....This has one of the single worst tutorials i've ever seen. It's not even possible to look past the tutorial. They tell you nothing. It expects you to know all.. -ALL- of the key bindings going in, they don't describe what you shoudl be doing or what actiosn to take to reach your objectives, they put an unrealistic time limit on them (time limits usually reserved for time trials or pro challenges in any other game) and are immensly unforgiving. After failing time and time again at a TUTORIAL, i lost all inhibition to actually play the game itself. Has potential, but is far from tapping it."
,Not Recommended,246700,8995992,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,GreenEyedMonster,"I absolutely love this game. I've been playing it nonstop since I've gotten it. But it is plagued by such horrible hacking issues with no effort to stop them, that the game is starting to be abandoned by any one who plays for more than a few hours.The current program out there not only allows you to see through Ghost(the invisibility module of the game) but allows perfect hits the with the sniper equivilant of the game from absurd distances, even while you are invisibile. The same program allows them to lie to the server(even offical ones) and have people booted to the title screen. If anyone complains or mentions what they are doing, they are usually swiftly removed. If two of the people using the program are in the same match, it's a rush to see which one can kick the other off the server first.This is a GREAT game. But until they add anti abuse measures, it's going to remain the desolate field of empty servers that exists right now. It's sad, because this is one of the best dog fighting games ive ever played."
76561197960569006,Recommended,246700,8939500,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Vordeqor,"TL;DR - Quake meets DescentIf you're into old school FPS games like Quake and Unreal Tournament (or if you're REALLY old like me, Descent), I would suggest picking this up.  It's fast, it's fun, it's (as they advertise) BRUTAL!  Kills are very satisfying and it is a true 360 degree kill zone experience.-For Newbs-This is not Call of Duty.  I say this because the FPS genre has been dumbed down dramatically by that series.  Strike Vector is much more skill-oriented than CoD.  That said, if you're looking for a space-like shooter and are willing to not give up after an hour of crashing, then I suggest picking this up. Once you learn the movement system, the game is a marvel.  I can't stress enough the importance of learning the movement.  When I started playing the game, I spent a couple hours literally just crashing everywhere until I finally understood how it worked.  Now I'm just completely unstoppable :D.  If you don't learn the movement, just rename this to Crashing: The Game.-For High Level Players-This is, as I originally wrote, Quake meets Descent/Star Fox/X-Wing etc...  There are even some familiar visuals which you can customize your 'Vector' with (ie: star fox and x-wing looking parts).  Most of the weapons are lead based except for the shotgun which appears to be the only hitscan weapon in the game.  Some minor weapon balancing does need to go into the game, however it is pretty balanced as it is.  There isn't anything really OP, you can pretty much dominate with everything.  The inner DMer in me has awoken.The game has its typical indie hiccups (nothing dramatic or game breaking), but that said, I still recommend picking this up.(On a side note, I have a Wii Classic Controller plugged into my PC through an adapter.  This was causing some gameplay issues that were immediately fixed upon unplugging the controller from the adapter.  Could have just been my controller inputting commands as the game has controller support.)"
,Recommended,246700,8934196,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Heavy Viper,"Excellent example of how to do a multiplayer action game. Standardized aircraft, fair and varied selection of weapons, and some solid base mechanics. The setting is what sets this game apart from most, though. How many arena-based Frantic Pilot Shooters are there in the wild?Playing this brought back memories of playing Descent 3 multiplayer over 56k dial-up way back. I'm looking forward to seeing how the game develops over time."
76561198104951145,Not Recommended,246700,9493309,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Cosmotus,terrible game
,Recommended,246700,10512766,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Alex.,"Fun and is easy to play, I tried doing the tutorial and it was kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so I jumped in to play. the mechanics take a lil while to get used to but first time in game i pretty much dominated with the laser plasma thing. After 30 mins it got me pretty dizzy though, takes getting used to, idk if I like that though."
,Recommended,246700,8950410,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[RGQT] Warhalo,"Fast paced and super fun! The learning curve ont his game is very high, but once you get through that, this game is a SKILL based shooter!  This isnt your typical TDM type game.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes fast paced shoot/flight games.  This is one of my new favorite games.  I also like that there will be free DLCs and content available and NO PAY TO WIN. With these reasons combined, I give Strike Vector a 9/10. Definately worth the $$."
,Recommended,246700,8951308,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Zipzip the Penguin,"You've heard this from a lot of the other reviews, and you're going to hear it from me. This is Quake III with Jets. And it's amazing.Phenomenally good twitch gameplay, tight controls, all weapons/perks/special abilities are unlocked from the start, and it looks absolutely gorgeous.Right then, now to what I don't like about this game.1: Lack of a proper tutorial. This is huge. Considering the depth of the movement system and brutally steep learning curve, this is something they had to have and they don't have it.2: 4 graphics options. If you have low FPS in this game, you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck.3: Few game-modes. Hopefully things will go according to plan as Ragequit says and new game-modes will be added over time. I like the modes they have, but they'll have to come up with something new if I'm going to stay interested in playing this game other than casually.4: Lack of variety in maps. Every map is a large space with a massive floating platform in the middle or a small space with a large tower in the middle. INB4 OP played 1600 of TF2 and is complaining about lack of variety in maps.Overall, I think it's a good game and worth the buy if just for the combat. There is definitely room for a lot of improvement though."
,Not Recommended,246700,14369795,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,P'TrickZ,"+ nice idea+ fast paced-The controls are clunky, but that could be a problem in the general...- ...performance issues i have with this engine.- only 3 Servers with some players- only one server with an acceptable ping of 80 (6Players)- I got crushed so hard by probably experienced players which are still playing.#MultiplayerOnlyProblems"
,Recommended,246700,8928082,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DJ,Incredibly fun to play.Fast paced and amazing gameplay.Truly the Evangelion of video games.
76561197991932924,Recommended,246700,8970364,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Mr.One Shot Wonder,LOVE it if you miss old school quake or doom or unreal then get this game and oh yea.. it seems its made on the unreal engine!!! :P
76561197971675917,Not Recommended,246700,9000195,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,IRONIZE,"This game is a god-awful piece of crap. It is the Superman 64 of this generation. DO NOT BUY IT.If someone gives it to you, do not accept it. It is garbage.The sound fades in and out constantly which makes the seemingly simple task of flying a disorienting, often nauseating experience. Ships are near-impossible to pilot. Instead of ""Strike Vector"" they should've named it ""fiery crash simulator."" This might be due to the wonky control scheme that requires 14 fingers to work properly. As I am lacking the additional digits, my experience with this game has been mostly negative.The levels all look like they were developed in 1999 by a novice graphic design student. The netcode is so bad that all gameplay is reduced to spray-and-pray or maining the OP weapons that just aren't fun to use. You want unlocks? You want progression? Well you might want to try your luck elswhere. Half of the 10 weapons (yes, only 10) available are useless. The crosshairs might as well not exist. What was that orange thing? Was that a targeting reticle? Why am I on fire? Oh, I died again.Oh btw, thanks for keeping track of my score as it falls into the negative. That's the most rewarding gameplay mechanic I've seen in a long time. Thanks for that.I'll state it again. Do not buy this game. You're better off getting DLC for a game that was released over 5 years ago. I'm serious. You will not enjoy this game. Also, no refunds. Like a shady electronics salesman, all sales are final. There is no trial period. You have to make a decision to purchase this game based on a couple of crappy trailiers slapped together by the development team using end-game content. I have no idea how long it would take to reach end-game content. I unlocked nothing in the short time I spent playing this game."
,Not Recommended,246700,33729437,Posted: 22 July,all,icydec,its dead
,Not Recommended,246700,15938028,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,ShortAge,Dont bother buying this game... why? i ll give you two reasons.1st: It doesnt have singleplayer campain nor AI games2nd: The multiplayer which this game was based on is dead. 1 - 2 max people per server.I suggest to let this game rotten away
76561198006831150,Recommended,246700,8966147,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,RavenX,"Probably the BEST online multiplayer shooter I've played since Unreal Tourney back in the day. Very fast paced just like Unreal and Quake. Once you start playing and start learning some skill you start using other weapons aside from dual homing like a noob. Once you get some kills under your belt you really feel like you earned those kills in tense dog-fights.There are NO mini-transactions. ALL weapons and perks/skills are unlocked from the start. As you play you unlock new art for your profile and new (visual only) parts for your Vector. This game is based on SKILL to get kills and stay alive. Most fun I've had in years.THIS GAME IS A BLAST!!!! If you like multiplayer shooters and you're sick to death of all the CoD/MoH games and clones, Strike Vector is THE GAME for You!!! Don't miss out on the AWESOMENESS!!!!"
,Recommended,246700,8905320,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,moson,spaceships
,Not Recommended,246700,25157368,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ChadmanCDS,"Doesn't have australian servers, can't host your own server either and it's literally a ♥♥♥♥ing ghost town. down't buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamesave your money."
,Recommended,246700,14718466,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,King Marlo,its fun but nobody playing anymore ig :(
,Recommended,246700,8915489,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,country thomas,has a steep learning curve
,Recommended,246700,8937920,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,DogMan,"One of the most amazing games I've ever played. Within the first 2 days of owning it, I've already logged about 26 hours. The controls are great, the levels even greater, and the game modes are fun and hard to get bored of. The only complaint I would have to have is the level cap, which is reached fairly quickly, but hopefuly they'll increase it in dlc. 11/10 would play for life."
,Recommended,246700,8938878,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,BONI,"I know its just the beginning of the year but i would definately have to say Strike Vector is my game of the year. Its done so well and i just love playing it, the way it plays feels good and the controls are very tight somthing needed in a game like this. I recommened this to anyone who wants to play somthing challenging and fun."
,Recommended,246700,8960234,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Axle,pewpewpew
,Recommended,246700,8983603,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,HarryHighDef,"Great fun, Fast paced, crazy game. 9/10 would buy."
,Recommended,246700,14140437,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Glitch,Great Game even better community
,Not Recommended,246700,15255884,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,JibbityJobbity,"Don't get me wrong, it's an excellent game with great gameplay mechanics and awesome visuals to it and it's pretty satisfying when you're hot on the leaderboard. It's also really fun with a few mates to play with but the only reason I'm not recommending this game is because if you wanna play with people then tough luck unless you have some friends who are always keen on playing with you when you want."
,Recommended,246700,8907622,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,NightFoxXIII,"I've only started playing this and I'm having a blast. If you've been wanting more into the strike fighter mecha genre, this would be it.Basically FPS mechanics with fighter jets? You're gonna have a good time.EDIT: I've also wanted to add that if you've ever played Quake before this, it's pretty much a similar mechanic since it runs on the same engine. So this can get pretty competetive real fast."
,Recommended,246700,9778339,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Mush92,There is no comparison for the satisfaction of getting a killstreak in this game. Brilliant fast-pasted aerial shooter
,Recommended,246700,9824243,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Qiu Tong,"Even my crappy laptop can run this game! Although when i initially joined a server, the game froze for a few seconds to load the map, but after that, no framrate issues whatsoever!"
,Recommended,246700,9502842,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,SexBad,this game is faster then diarhea after eating mexican food 10/10
76561198020010507,Recommended,246700,9775387,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Pedrinho,"This Game is really hard! I mean really! I can't hit a thing... every ship is really small and moves too fast. However, the game looks great and flying around is awesome! The level design is amazing and original too."
,Recommended,246700,9777247,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Papa Smurf,AmazingSimply Amazing!
,Recommended,246700,9871441,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Umbo,"Well, it is a very,very fun game, but barely anyone plays it. A tutorial on how to play instead of notes would be good, and if it were cheaper, so more ppl buy it. That would be gr8.My idea, advertise this."
76561198068107740,Recommended,246700,9147393,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Squidshark,"Looking for an arena styled combat game? Looking for awesome air-fighter-jet pvp combat? Like to go fast? Like to have everything from the get go with customization  and challenging gameplay? Look no further than Strike Vector. Customize your vector with parts, decals, paint patterns, and get a thumbnail to show people the face of thier killer. Pick your weapons and modifications, your passive perks and active abilities, and jump into hell. Sporting TDM, DM, Domination (King of the hill), and a Bounty Hunter mode, there is never a dull moment."
,Not Recommended,246700,32422209,Posted: 14 June,all,RaptorDave,"A good game, but no one is playing it. No players = no game."
76561198143657137,Recommended,246700,23857683,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lucky,"Ah, how upsetting. The community is dead. This was one of my old favourites. Extremely smooth flying (especially with a controller) and extremely smooth exploding shiz. What a great game, especially including sale prices, it's even worth paying full price. Overall an extremely enjoyable experience. This may seem unusuall but this game is easily getting a 9/10"
,Not Recommended,246700,16637385,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Sir Spoony,"It's ok just wish the controls were more smoothed out instead of sharp and on rails.  Not a bad arcade arena simulated game, but I barely can approve this one.  I mean if this came out 10 years ago I'd rate it a 10, but now-a-days about a 5.5.  What helped in this decision is I only played 2 hours and almost beat the entire game and played multiplayer on top of that.  For some reason this game only shows a couple hours played, but I played it for almost an entire 12 hour stream!Sirspoony Game Rating 5.5/10+1 ship types+3 Customization+3 idea+1 mechanics+1 Team Multiplayer+1 simulation-0.5 controls-0.5 graphics-1.5 content-2 replay valueGame is now dead so no sense spending money on this game at all."
76561198083622653,Recommended,246700,16246319,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Button Mashta Leo,"I highly recomend this game for those who want an intense on-the-move  ariel futuristic dog-fighting game![WARNING] I will say this tho. There is not much people playing, but that is no excuse for all these people to make negative reviews towards this game. If all the people who complain about empty servers actually stuck with the game then there wouldn't be such a problem....thus such a complaint shouldn't be made towards any other game. Its the players fault that there is so few servers to play on, nuff said. Now back to the review;PROS+Great graphics, The visuals and backgrounds and textures all work well together as well as the animations+Great HUD, has cockpit display if im correct but switching between 3rd Person and 1st Person can be useful and can be emersive!+Ship Customization! Once you level up you can choose from a decent variety of cockpits, wings, tailfins, engines whatever as well as choose from a nice selection of different style guns to fill up 2 slots as well as choose each weapons specialty whether you want it more penetratable, faster shot etc. As well as a supportive item like cloaking or anti tracking etc+great open maps!+Still updates and additions even after major drop in playerbase <3+Partial Controller supportive.....not all....but just enough!+All players fight with personal skill and not better weaponry since everyone has the option to choose the same parts on there ship!CONS-Player count. But as i said, this is the players fault-No Ai (could fill the empty online void people complain about if we did have Ai)-No Campaign, strictly online when i last checked (will update review if im wrong)-Someone complimented my mother!Its a fun game. There aint to many populated servers but please just pick this gem up, help with that problem and lets try and show better support and care for this game!"
76561198030755463,Not Recommended,246700,16331469,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,greyhound,"This game is kinda like the new Jurassic Park: incredibly good effects, but the meat is a bit lacking.  I love the visuals in this game, and some of the gameplay elements are fresh and inventive, but it has one of the steepest learning curves in any game I've seen.  In short, its tough to learn.  On servers, I would say its probably 60 - 70% hardened experts playing with a bunch of noobs like myself.  This wouldn't be such a problem if there was more than one server that people actually played on, but that's the way things are.  I wanted to like this game, but I couldn't."
,Not Recommended,246700,16003826,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,EagleWulf (Music),"This is a beautiful game. Its concept and design are very well thought-out, and while it may be hard to learn at first, once you get the hang of the controls it is extremely fun. The only problem is - NO ONE ♥♥♥♥ING PLAYS IT. I spent a bunch of time in the challenge modes learning how to get better, and by the time I reached the servers, I see that they are all empty.  What is the deal here? I know that it is a relatively small game, and it has been out for over a year, but still- I'd expect to see SOMEONE trying their hand at online play. Maybe I went on at the wrong time or something. But it is extremely frustrating to find a game this unique and seeing that literally nobody plays it on multiplayer. I would normally recommend it, and I want to give it a big thumbs up, but without other players, it is almost pointless."
76561198035885546,Not Recommended,246700,16465718,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,inucune,"I came late to the game an picked it up on sale. I really wanted to like this game, but noone is online anymore, and those that do play run the same loadout in order to 2-shot a vector. This game really had potential, but now the developers have moved on to creating the same game for console with improvements and nolonger update the origional game. I feel ripped off. Lack of committment on the developers part."
76561198078663612,Recommended,246700,29178462,Posted: 11 January,all,Umivicci,"THIS GAME WAS SO GOOOOOD, we need to bring it back from the dead"
76561198011109987,Recommended,246700,14316016,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sleepy Gary,"super fun stuff, if you can find a server"
,Not Recommended,246700,19075915,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Oli,"Being a Gundam fan, I was looking forward to playing this but sadly nobody plays this game anymore :("
,Not Recommended,246700,14244138,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Stupid Watergate,"It should be my kind of game, I just can't deal with the Freelancer-style controls: a massive, screen-filling deadzone that makes piloting sluggish and is more befitting a light gun game. It's an aerial combat game that they market as an FPS but it controls like neither. Every time there's a patch, I give it another shot but they never seem to add more control options and I nope out within five minutes.If anyone knows of a good spiritual sequel to Crimson Skies: High Road to Revenge, please let me know."
76561197970646531,Not Recommended,246700,14317172,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Kyrth,"This game seems really well made. However, I don't like it, because there is no joystick support. If you're able to enjoy dogfighting with a mouse then you might find in this game a hidden gem. But I just can't get into it. It doesn't feel right. Kinda regret getting the 4-pack. But oh well."
,Not Recommended,246700,14265578,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,NimrodX,"I've played other somewhat similar games that I didn't have any problem with, but the HUD in this game makes absolutely no sense. Target indicators point to targets that just don't seem to be there at all. This game is not worth buying even on sale. It just seems too sloppy."
,Recommended,246700,22722878,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,mr lu,great game
,Recommended,246700,10246711,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,CKD,"This game is a lot of fun and could use your enlistment!  It's like tribes in a jet pretty much, very unforgiving learning curve but it has a fun set of single player challenges one can learn in.  And finally killing people feels wonderful.  Give it a try!"
76561198023174079,Recommended,246700,8942743,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Steaksauce,an arcade mech-jet-fighter for the decade.
76561198021393831,Not Recommended,246700,17711077,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Compton,This may look and play well. But it is absolutely abandoned. And the singleplayer training isn't satisfying enough to justify the price
76561198034008455,Recommended,246700,16967017,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Ener,"For anyone who's buthurt over the lack of players, there is a steam group with a bunch of people who still play this. Anyone can join and play in the events!The group is called StrikeVectorMeetups"
,Not Recommended,246700,16751724,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,boof,"A lost gem.I loved this game. Absolutely loved it, But everytime i come back to it; Either no one plays it or no one is ""good enough"".Don't buy it, unless only plan on playing with friends.Also, By the time you found a server it would be on opposite sides of the world.TLDR; Was very good, No one plays it."
76561198035492528,Not Recommended,246700,11865935,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,dreadme1989,"I liked the game, but the lock on rockets are a little over powered and the game overall is dead (almost no one is playing it)."
76561198098022424,Not Recommended,246700,13263579,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ElectroLlama,"Great game, looks amazing, intense multiplayer, constant adrenaline rush. Really freaking hard though, to the point where I stopped playing. It's surprisingly hard to fly through tight spaces while shooting distant objects with any kind of accuracy. I recommend this game if you're already experienced with dogfight games (planes, not animals) AND ready for a challenge. Not just one or the other."
76561198100245659,Not Recommended,246700,11296942,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Funkygamer78,The controls are unbearable.  And servers are dead.
,Not Recommended,246700,11112465,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,The Angry Sakura Game Nerd™,"the community is dead and it is hard to find a server with more than 4 people. such a waste, this game is gorgeous and got a lot of work put into it."
,Recommended,246700,25200271,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,unprecedented amounts of clout,"fun as h*ckdead as h*cki'm sure theres active communities you can find on the steam forums, but for general use, you'll likely never find a populated server"
76561197973558810,Not Recommended,246700,8959901,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Biopower,"Really cool game but I've found it to be unplayable currently because of the differeing mouse sensitivites in flight, hover, and focus modes. Hover mode is way too fast and focus mode is way too slow. There really needs to be an option in the menu to adjust them individually or at least an update tweaking them. Also, the mouse accelleration when you reach the side of yoru screen in hover mode needs to go."
76561198090662468,Not Recommended,246700,10939366,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Droy in my DNA,Didnt like this gameplay at all! Bought it cause of the big summer sale on this game still wasnt worth it.
,Not Recommended,246700,10955272,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,WolfStar,"This game tries to take the twitch shooting of quake and the ship fighting of Freelancer and combines them into an ugly hybrid monster that you don't like but at the same time has a super adorable face and you're all excited for it's potential when it grows up.  The ability to stop flying instantly and change direction instantly kills any aspect of chasing someone through a cool map, if that's what you're here for, and the ability to start flying instantly and with an amazing turn rate kills any close combat twitch shooting.Not to mention, the gamemodes are DM, TDM, CTF...it's hardly new and interesting.  It's the same old boring modes except with ships.  Where's the cool assault type maps?  UT04 had this down with the one assault map where teams pilot ships in space and attack a base.  Where's that in this game?Then again, even if it was in, if you came for awesome flying ship fights you'll be disappointed and if you came for quake style fights in the air you'll also be disappointed.  Game has amazing potential but doesn't capitalize.  If you like flying fights play Freelancer and if you like twitch shooters play Quake, because this game unfortunately isn't as good as either and the inclusion of both modes in a mediocre way doesn't make up for the way in which they, individually, are mediocre in this game.This ignores the whole ""grind for guns"" part of the game, which is total crap.I'd recommend if:Remove ability to instantly switch from close range hover to long range flying mode (this kills quake style fights).Remove ability to instantly accelerate/deccelerate (this kills flying fights).Add an interesting game mode."
,Recommended,246700,11568284,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Herpinhorse,"Much more people need to play this game. It's quite intense, but also pretty fun. It will be difficult in the beginning, but you'll be able to get the hang of the controls and the gameplay within a couple hours. Although the leveling system is a bit similar to Call of Duty, the only things you unlock are customizations. All the weapons and perks are there for you the second you start playing. Pick it up and see for yourself!"
,Not Recommended,246700,13820251,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,tony950,very bad job on the training tutorial. very confusing
,Not Recommended,246700,10933876,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sly,Severe buyers remorse.
76561198044594508,Not Recommended,246700,13063445,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Full Metal Teddy Bear,"this game was kinda fun, i really like the flying mechanics and overall concept of the game, but theres no room for beginners, whenever somebody is on its impossible to survive for more than a few seconds. if there was more interesting solo missions id keep it but its just timed racing"
,Not Recommended,246700,13036043,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,LustRazor,"The environment graphics are so beautiful. I would love to explore them, but the control is so poor that the game becomes quickly unplayable. The sound effects also deserve high marks."
76561198062885735,Not Recommended,246700,11439290,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ricster,"choppy gameplay, op weapons, not worth a penny."
76561198077665747,Not Recommended,246700,10967138,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,5 year old teenager,"The gameplay could be  fun and enjoyable but the community is non-existant! There are very few people playing strike vector! The game also has no tutorial so learning how to play is virtually impossible! And last but not least, for me, the framerate never goes above 20 fps. This may not be a problem for other people but it is unreasonable that I could be getting for few frames. However, when you can finally figure out how to play, actually find a match and push through the framerate, the game is really quite fun. The action is continous and intense but these other issues make the game (for me) almost unbareable.4.6/10"
,Not Recommended,246700,10966143,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CowardWizard,at first i liked the game for its simplicity and fluidness. either beat the clock which is easy enough but interacting in fights is where bad♥♥♥♥♥♥happenes. I played the game for an hour and could not get a single kill. i know i should level up but they made it too damn hard for new comers. its a cool game but hard to play
76561197962612945,Not Recommended,246700,10968007,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,mackinley,"Game is pretty well deserted.  0 players available.  There's a single player section, but it's really small and each challenge is about 15 seconds, surrounded by 15 seconds of menus.The devs need to take a lesson from Star Fox - missions that go for 5 - 15 minutes and allow for a variety of paths are much more rewarding."
76561198055350283,Not Recommended,246700,24743239,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,X1-52,"Strike vector...Strike vector could be a good game but the developers ideas at the core of this game don't fundamentally work because games long before strike vector were a gleam in the devs eyes did it infinitely better and it was much more awesome.Strike vectors problems are -- too much space and the lack of constrained space leads to weapon designs and combat that ultimately isn't interesting.  Not to mention the single player is little more then obstacle courses that are only challenging because the ships controls are so awful.  Obstacle courses designed around crap flight characteristics isn't fun.1.  The sky gives too much space to run and dodge, so tension of being surprised or hide and seek dropping something like mines behind doors like ancient 360 FPS games like descent is severely lacking2.  The open sky and too much open space means you rarely if ever get to enjoy the ship models and are aiming at squares and names on screen which leads to ...3.  Weapons fire fast and the effects really dont get to be enjoyed because the speed at which the jet flies requires very fast weapons which means there's little chance to hide or dodge in interesting ways as you would in an enclosed space.The reality is Strike vector is inspired by the idea of transforming planes/robots that both fly and hover in mid air, the problem with strike vector is the flight model and level design ideas at the core of this game simply don't work in wide open levels, they need to be rethunk from the ground up because the fast action ""up close and personal"" that this game is going for simply can't work with weapons that need to move too fast to cross vast distances.Descent 2 did 3D arcade flight better 20 years ago and the developers tragically are video game history illiterate which is why the controls of the plane are off which is a large part of the reason why their servers are empty.The problem with their core ideas is -- You are rarely ever close enough to enjoy the graphics of the ships and are always aiming at little squares and names too far away.  This is ok in a game like Ace combat but not in a game that takes after in your face arcade gameplay like descent.  The hybird between a fast action 360 FPS mixed in with 'realistic' flight dynamics at high speed is basically why this game is dead.The game needed a slower relative movement of the ships /w the illusion of going fast (which can be done via fx) that actually allowed you to enjoy enjoy the combat and be up close with other ships to feel ""up close and personal with your big machine"", to see the actual player model of the enemy and to be able to see the amazing weapon fire effects.To have that happen the weapons effects can't be super fast/ or too much instant hit in that there's a chance you can dodge because that leads to lack of tension and excitement because there is no back and forth.  That's what this game lacks... the back and forth fast action exchanges that a human being can manage.  See here ""maneuverability as defense""http://vectorpoem.com/news/?p=74So the game in multiplayer becomes monotonous run, turn around, look for health and try to kite the enemy from afar and you end up fighting the controls whenever you switch to high speed.This is the difference imagined physics and rules designed for fun vs trying to apply plane dynamics realistically and not understanding trying to make a plane act like a plane fundamentally breaks 3D combat in an fast action arcade design.Reality has all sorts of drawbacks (aka aiming at squares because the ship is too far to see) vs a game like Descent 2 where the ship is up close and personal and the levels are confined to mines so the extra 3D space keeps the pace of the game going.  The open space prevents tactics and interesting weapon ideas from being implemented because there's no confined space and too much space to dodge."
,Recommended,246700,10731522,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dandy Dos,"Dog fighting, that isn't boring."
76561197996743083,Recommended,246700,10762258,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zorfy,"This game is totally worth the price. It's like if you stuck Unreal Tournament into a jet. All the weapons are avaliable from the start, none of those RPG elements you find in most FPSs these days. Because of that, it's all skill, and trust me, you need a ton of skill. It's not easy, not one bit, but it's totally awesome when you start to get it. Sniping a guy from halfway across the map while flying around at a bajillion miles per hour around a ton of floating metal stuff is simply amazing.Do note however this is still a work in progress, and a bit buggy at points. However don't let that turn you away, it's been around long enough that most of the huge kinks have been worked out.BUY THIS GAME.Oh, and double tap A or D when you get a continuous tone when you're being locked on to dodge missiles. And practice. And read the steam guides. Stuff like that."
,Recommended,246700,10862368,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HolyDivahh,it's cool
,Recommended,246700,8975549,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Vampwood,"GrGreat Skillful game, but homing missiles and FFA modes are aids."
,Not Recommended,246700,31020890,Posted: 8 April,all,red death,there is nowon online
,Not Recommended,246700,25027583,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,UncleMuscles801,dead game
,Recommended,246700,21704466,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,d4nni,"The fanbase is so low, more people have bought Winrar over this."
,Not Recommended,246700,11042626,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,NctrnlMjsty ON PS4,untill this supports My Thrustmaster Flight Stick. ITS BOOOOOOOOOO
,Not Recommended,246700,14717080,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,maxkat,looks cool but its not
,Recommended,246700,13965682,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,G O T 9╚╬╝,"Loads quick, game play is flush, vertical sync with graphics sweet. fun/10"
,Recommended,246700,31209297,Posted: 17 April,all,zepH,"Just play the game. The more players start playn alone, the more playes will notice and start up the game again. I played the Beta, it was awesome.... Just start again <3"
76561198035447278,Recommended,246700,14205894,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Sucre,"I've not been able to play as much as I'd like as there's rarely anyone to play against, it's sad that there's no-one interested in such an incredible game like this. It's difficult, sure, but go the way of Dark Souls and just keep learning and persisting and soon you'll start getting frags. It's an awesome nostalgiac shooter that gives you extremely entertaining dogfights, you need to be acrobatic, fast, and skilled with whatever guns you've slapped on to win. Equipment for multiple playstyles, too, such as stealth, speed, firepower or heavy armor.It may not be worth the 12 bucks, especially if you get frustrated easily, but if you can wait out the low population and the learn curve, it's a magical game."
,Recommended,246700,14062280,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Spiderfork,THE ONLY TRUE PROSPECTOR WHEN FLYING STRAIGHT INTO ANOTHER PLANE AND CAUSING ONE'S SUFFERING AS THE JET FUEL BURNS AND THE TOWERS COLLAPSE
,Recommended,246700,27274924,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fishmonger,The only game to make me feel alive.
,Recommended,246700,27217409,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jokon,I really love this game. Got it at the start and had a blast with all the players.Now there is almost no players online and it's a great shame.
76561198058348764,Recommended,246700,27919448,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Capt Gblade,"great aerial combat, but it's sad that there are barely any people online to play it like it was in the beginning."
,Recommended,246700,19242451,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,KaiZen,I've just bought this game and despite my hopes I found out that literaly no one is playing this game.Which is a shame cuz this gamehas amazing graphics and good mechanics :(
76561198072817563,Recommended,246700,9303356,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Murdock,"VERY steep learning curve, but a great concept. Servers are quite empty atm, but once more people start playing it could be awesome. Dunno if it's worth $20. If it is on sale for $10 grab it for sure."
76561198031381966,Recommended,246700,8916654,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Deep Goose,"This is everything I imagined as a kid playing StarFox 64 spiltscreen. Fast paced dogfights, intense aerial maneuvers, and a great customization system. Every kill and out-maneuver makes you feel like a badass ace pilot. I recommend the Pacific Rim soundtrack while playing for maximum ""♥♥♥♥ YEAH!""I absolutely recommend this game to anyone looking for a top notch dogfighting experience."
76561198045937588,Recommended,246700,8917302,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Slender Mann,"This is the first game in a long time that has really lived up to my expectations. The flight system is really cool, and even though it's easy enough to learn it still doesn't feel like the game is flying for you. It can be pretty hard at first, but it's well worth it to put in the time and get good at it."
76561198051500396,Recommended,246700,8936101,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[R.G.K] Kroven,Just Fragging Awesome !!!
76561197969369089,Recommended,246700,8936367,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Adaemned,"Amazing little game. Very fast paced and will set your aiming skill to the test, as well as your ability to stay focused while rolling, evading, dodging missiles, bullets, buildings, walls and anything else that might come your way....Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,246700,8937289,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,RuneGrey,"A fun and different take on the flight sim / fps genre, although with a steep learning curve.  But as you get the hang of the game, it begins to get increasingly fun.  Looking forward to more options and content coming out in the months ahead."
,Recommended,246700,8944298,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,B. J. Barto,Quake on steroids
76561197970607713,Recommended,246700,8946296,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,CorpseGrinder,Descent meets Quake 2. Great fun!
,Recommended,246700,8950872,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Exceedingly Underperforming Male,"It's arsom game.After being dissapointed by failed promises such as section 8 and rise of the triad this game does it.Runs extremely well on my 4 year old pc with♥♥♥♥♥specs. Looks good and is extremely twitchy like Unreal style arena shooters, but dog fighty.Oh yes, it also looks amazing and all the future dlc will be free. Feel like its the 90s.Just play this game if you like arena shooters. It's the best one since ut2k4."
,Recommended,246700,9028548,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DoucheFX,"Absolutely amazing game, tight controls and good loadout options. A work of art!"
,Recommended,246700,9063901,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Taintsmasher,"Based on the trailers, I wasn't convinced this game would be cool, but on the recommendation of a friend I grabbed it.  Not even on sale, which is out of character for me.It's so much fun, the videos do not do this game justice.  The controls were easier to learn than I expected.  Once you get into a groove with this game, you'll feel like a genius pilot.  Most of the weapons have a punch to them.  Wins and defeats are both satisfying because of the controls and animations.Highly recommended for fast-paced multiplayer fun"
,Recommended,246700,8915784,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,dubstep,"Amazing & fast paced, can't find any other that could match this"
76561198066035086,Recommended,246700,8915862,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Jimbo,AWESOME!
,Recommended,246700,8916728,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Michael,"The gameplay feels like what most critical reviews tell you - it is very similar to that of Quake III or Unreal Tournament. Being able to control your vector takes some time to learn and learning to secure kills takes even longer, but it is an extremely fun experience that is sure to keep you hooked. This is definitely the most challenging and rewarding shooter I've played to date."
,Recommended,246700,8916929,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,20th Century Fox Uganda,"If you haven't considered this game yet, you should. Fast-paced arena style shooting wrapped up in a neat aircraft mechanic. Also some solid support for Australian players also, which is always a plus."
,Recommended,246700,8948654,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,boorch,INSANELY FUN
,Recommended,246700,9028133,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,hoserx,Best game since Quake 3.
,Recommended,246700,9034395,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,THE FUNHOUSE NEVER STOPS,"I'm going to come out front and say this: Strike Vector lacks polish.If you can look past that, though, you'll find a really brilliant, original game, well worth your 25$. I can't put it down. The only thing I would bemoan are the somewhat low playercounts at non-peak times, but that's only because I work at night and nobody plays videogames at noon on weekdays.Overall, a good 8/10. If the promised patches and free content drops fix polish issues and add new features, gamemodes and maps, this game has the potential to climb to an easy 9.5/10, or even hit a perfect for me. The core gameplay is so tight and satisfying, all it needs is a little bit of elbow grease to bring it around to being perfect."
,Recommended,246700,8899854,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Iceman Kuklinski,"This game is amazing.  The menus/interface are buggy and need an overhaul, but the core gameplay in Stike Vector is phenominal.  This game combines killing things and moving fast, and I love it.  One fo my favorite parts- all guns/weapon mods are unlocked at the begininng.  Every game today seems to think they're an RPG with a long, boring♥♥♥♥♥preogression system.  You level up in Strtike vector, however I think all the unlockables are cosmetic.  If you enjoyed games like Unreal tournament/championship, extreme g 64, or just bored of the same-old military style shooter, you gotta pick up strike vector.Also this game has the plasma gun, whihc is just like the lightning gun from the unreal series.  By far the most fun way to kill people in a video game.menus/interface- 4/10, gameplay- 10/10.  overall 9/10"
,Recommended,246700,8951819,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Grevan Ferrous Maximus,"This is the good hurt: Soooo difficult, but soooo fun.Hope you like dying, because it will happen a whole lot at first. But once you get the hang of it it's pretty awesome."
76561198086062104,Recommended,246700,9034906,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Edwin van Cleave,This game is hard as hell. Thats all
,Recommended,246700,9252673,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Rosso Corsa,"I like it a lot.If you're expecting a dog-fighting game, the controls are gonna upset you at first. But the truth is this is NOT a dog-fighting game. If you can step-aside and accept the things the game does that betray normal piloting controls, you'll find it works great for itself and that it's better off being unique; with the strong system it has.The game falls into its own category of 3-axis movement, with plenty of great manuevers to pull. Just as well the map design is superb, offering fantastic structures and fantastic routes around, near, and through them for pick-ups and items.The weapons are load-out based, and to compliment this each weapon is surgically adapted to specific play-styles.From the ""sure-hit, low-dps"" shotgun, for dodgers; to Splash projectile rockets and direct-hit projectile Carbine; to Sniper-lasers, and more still."
76561197984072136,Recommended,246700,9909033,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,ΞProgenitorΞ,"Good graphics, a bit under populated.could go with more maps/ modes and content.can't say its worth the price , but if you're a fan of the genre its tottaly worth the money"
,Not Recommended,246700,9009527,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,I am ppppppppppppppppppppppppppp,Sorry for the bad review but...Dead game
76561197994639546,Recommended,246700,8907090,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Poelock,"I have been waiting for this game for a while and I have got to say I am not dissapointed. The flying mechanics are very well done with how the ships have a hover mode which comes in handy with dog fighting. Also the enviroments are great i love the way you are able to fly into tight spaces and hover to evade enemies. With the many different combinations of weapons and skills, this games let's you choose which style of play suits you, from sniper to heavy gunner. Easily one of my favorite games right now."
,Recommended,246700,9199398,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,W+M1,Awwweeee Hells yeah! Prepare to crash A LOT. when you think you can fly pre pare to be killed A LOT.Intense Shooting and dogfighting.
,Recommended,246700,29626685,Posted: 1 February,all,ZombieStalker08,One of the most intense games I've ever played. Rather strangely funny as well.
76561198066570004,Not Recommended,246700,14337116,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Winter Soldier #3,"The controls are too unforgiving, no joypad support in menu and one heck of a learning curve. Glad I only paid $3 for this."
,Not Recommended,246700,15677355,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Oliver,Awesome game with no players.
76561197978323918,Not Recommended,246700,14381934,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Gavilian,Everyone seems to use Rockets or shotguns because their so overpowered. Only about 2-5 servers with any population.
,Not Recommended,246700,14397127,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Nickels The E-Kidney,"It was cool at first. But now, I find no servers that aren't empty."
76561198079622354,Not Recommended,246700,14409028,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Venom,Looks beautiful but I never see anyone playing and the atches I do get into are terrible I do not recomend this game
76561198043403023,Not Recommended,246700,14489486,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,firstprincipal,Looks fast passed and beautiful but sadly lacks the gameplay that the game requires. Not the flight-fight game I had hoped. Will probably not play this at all.
76561198022185528,Not Recommended,246700,14344101,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TrentTheWanderer,"So far what I have learned playing Strike Vector is to expect the controls to actively resist your inputs and to respond in odd and seemingly arbitrary ways.  In one movement mode your aircraft will decide on its own when it would like to roll, whereas in the other movement mode you can no longer yaw or strafe up/down with VTOL controls.  Sometimes there is a cooldown between when you can switch these modes- but not always.  If you enter a boost in one mode you'll get a boost, but if you enter in the other mode nothing will happen.  Your mouse inputs and facing increase to high deltas between your vehicle heading and actual mouse direction, making firing projectiles and controlling your true heading messy and counter intuitive.The array of weapons is interesting, and the customization options are very cool.  The art is great, the game looks really nice, and the sound design is also good.  I would recommend this game, if the controls weren't such a frustrating and dissappointing mess."
76561197975790319,Not Recommended,246700,16784068,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Barracuda512,"Amazingly fun and fast pace game, its like twitch based shooter but with jets that fly on all axis. However NO ONE plays this game anymore. When i bought the game 4 month after release you were luck y to finda handful of rooms open but sadly not the case anymore. Sucks since the game is such a blast to play and theres not anything else like it on te market."
76561198148450068,Not Recommended,246700,16708800,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Sauron,"when ever i click start it says ""prepering to launch"" and the does nothing please help"
,Not Recommended,246700,16685846,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,flakestoday,dont buy this game it is dead
,Not Recommended,246700,16920415,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Pusschinki is my city,"Maybe it's just me. I might just be bad, but I just found playing this game to be way to difficult for me to play."
,Not Recommended,246700,8956871,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Neyawn,This game is terrible. Give my my money back.
,Not Recommended,246700,8913349,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,KiloNoa,"This game is very unfinished, and nowhere does it say ""early access"" or ""beta"". While the gameplay looks fun, I wouldn't know because I can't play the game. This game is broken, do not buy it untill they fix the issues."
,Not Recommended,246700,8907967,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Alastor Crow (inky),"Let me start off by saying that Strike Vector is not a bad game but it's a waste of money. It has a lot of potential and I love the concept of the game. I'm a huge fan of simulator+shooter games like Hawken (which is an amazing mech shooter game) so naturally, I was very excited about the release of this title. Unfortunately, either I'm expecting too much or the developers just have no idea what a released game should look like. For now, I'd have to say that I DO NOT RECOMMEND GETTING STRIKE VECTOR since it feels like the game is still in its alpha phase -- closed beta at best.Gameplay (6/10): The game has a very steep learning curve. It's not one of those games where you could just jump in and start taking everyone down. Being a veteran in other FPS titles does not guarantee you will be good at Strike Vector since the mechanics are completely different. I would highly recommend flying around obstacles in Solo Flight mode first, especially for those of you who aren't used to flight simulator games, before you even attempt jumping into multiplayer. Aiming in this game is difficult because your mouse direction controls your flight direction as well so you have to pay attention not to crash land into a pipe while flying.Controls (3/10): Simple but very unintuitive. Before you even step into training mode, do yourself a huge favor and map out the controls. They're pretty confusing in the beginning since a lot of them don't have proper information. I'm fairly new to flight sim games so I have no idea what some of them are for and a few of the controls only work when hovering. Vector movement is almost completely reliant on your mouse only.UI (1/10): Horrible. Feel like being immersed in the game and pretend to be a futuristic jet fighter pilot? Not happening. Not even the first-person view in this game will help you with that. It looks more like the UI of an MMORPG than a flight-sim game.Graphics (5/10): Perhaps I was just spoiled by Hawken but the graphics in this game could be better. Much better. It's not bad but it's nothing impressive either. It feels like I'm playing a F2P game from 10 years ago rather than a newly released title that sells for $20 a copy. Even the interface of the menu looks unpolished -- like no serious thought was given to it. Just very poor presentation."
,Not Recommended,246700,8898447,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Falour,"Strike Vector has a lot of potential but sadly it falls short in many areas.My biggest dislike about Strike Vector is the fact that the game is not finished and it's quite obvious. This game just shouldn't have been released yet, it's got the content of an early access at best. It needs work a lot of work and when that gets done this game will be worth the money I paid for.Elemets that need work.The first thing you come across in th game is a big obvious error which shows they haven't tested this game as much as they should. When there's a bug as obvious as the Start Screen which says ""Press any Key to Enter"" and not a single key will work you actually have to click to enter. It shows you that they've missed a fair amount of things which should have been fixed back in Alpha let alone a ""finished"" game.The next issue you are incounted with is the super buggy and horrible to managed User Interface. It's confusing, hard to navigate, buggy and often doesn't remember changes of settings. It becomes super obvious that the game is unfished when you navigate your way to the Turtorial section where you're presesnted with a fantastically drawn Character and a giant white speech bubble... It's just things like this which lets down the rest of the game all the hard work that is done by the Fantastic Character, Landscape and 3D artists. I don't know who made the interface but they need to start over and do it again.Gameplay wise I will admit the game is fun with a kinda steep learning curve but the gameplay also suffers from some released too early bugs.One thing that really got to me was the fact that when you crash or a memeber of your team crashes you get -1 point and you just keep getting more and more into the negative as you crash. The problem with this is every member on your team crashes a lot, so even if you get over 10 kills and don't crash your team most likely will still have negative points because your team members are in the negative. This means that a game of First to 25 usally ends with one team on 2 points and the other on 0 after 10 minutes. THis mistake shows that the game have not had a long enough beta/the team didn't listen as this is such an obivous area for improvement it would have been mentioned often.In summary while you can enjoy this game please note it isn't what I would consider finished. This game was released too early and has the bugs and issues to show for it. I would reccomend waiting for a few big patches first before purchasing the game.After the next big update I will redo the review."
,Not Recommended,246700,8915004,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,PepeVanHalen,"Horrible gameplay, horrible visuals, horrible music, horrible sound effects, horrible menus, horrible customization.EVERYTHING ON IT IS AWFUL!You're gonna hate the trailer and the pictures of in-game, wondering how do you came to think this game could be a good choice.The other ships are so tiny that you can't see them nor track them, no matter the size of your screen. There's no point in making a dogfighter game where you can't go after your enemies because you don't see a♥♥♥♥♥♥It's impossible to take aim on anything.The idea of stoping your aircraft in hover-mode is awful! What where they thinking? It stops the action!So you're finally tracking someone and you're about to fire at him when he stops in midair like an UFO!So you do the same and there you are, you and your enemy firing at each other's face, like two tanks, wondering wich one will take more damage to die. No emotion at all. Just smashing the buttons.I WANA FLY AND TRACK MY ENEMIES FROM A STRIKE VECTOR!That's what tittle and the trailer sold me!The big failure: It all looks so tiny that there's no way to fire at anything. You get lost all the time. Once you start a dogfight your enemy will go to hover-mode forcing you to enter that mode as well, so the fun will be over.Worst choice of a game EVER"
76561197971850954,Not Recommended,246700,8917641,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Grim(CW),"Brutal? Check.Aerial? CheckFPS? Only if you want to be gimped vs other players. So Optinal, and not check. This game is a TPV game by design.The game has a learning curve thats for sure, and it is  aerial combat.Far to easy to crash (just tap a structure and BOOM), and an interesting style of gameplay. But its a blatant lie to call this TPV game an FPS.The change between ""vector"" and ""VTOL"" is hardly instant, nor is it very customizable aside from 2 weapons, a special ability, and one passive ability. There's more choice in UT3 by random pickups than this offers as a whole.It plays NOTHING like any Quake or Unreal game, the flight is very SLOW, only sped up by dodge like features where you can double tap to strafe ala Unreal.On the plus it is a pretty game, and runs very smoothly at the same time. I can't see the online of this game lasting very long at all. It just doesn't offer anything worth staying around for.Overall though, I can't recommend this game in part due to the lies of it being an FPS, and its bogus claims of being anything like any Quake or Unreal game.Even Quake 2's old aerial combat mods, or the flight in a Battlefield game make this game seem slower. The comparison I saw to Macross is also terrible, as even the horrid Robotech game had a better feel, let alone the macross games fast action."
,Not Recommended,246700,8951176,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,｢ｘｉｎｕｘ｣,"Overpriced, clunky, buggy, gimmicky, CoD with robots locked to 60 fps"
,Not Recommended,246700,8965635,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Diggory,"Had no idea what was going on, UI needs work. Just felt like I was flying around chasing my tail half the game until someone killed me."
76561198003926722,Not Recommended,246700,8942973,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Leoul,"Looks cool, but the gameplay is pretty sloppy. FPS games in the air are hard to get controls down smooth for and they had some cool ideas, but overall feels like flying a plane with chopsticks. It's really more of a 3rd person shooter. Despite other reviews, there's not much similar playstyle wise to Q3 or UT besides it being built with UDK.Overall not worth $20 imo :/"
,Not Recommended,246700,8903317,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Evil Betty,Ive made a terrible mistake
,Not Recommended,246700,8955320,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Corporate Zombie,Was very excited by the videos and screenshots but the game is unplayable. My laptop exceeds the recommended specs yet experiencing serious lag and frame rate issues.
76561198067427199,Recommended,246700,8946869,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,xSWx Roberthx,"This is a fantastic game made by a a small team putting big companies to shame, well done.Soundtrack anyone? Please get ten or so songs together and sell us the soundtrack.I know this is an early beta but I do hope you will implement 100%  (menus and gameplay)Xbox 360 controller option.This is the only let down of the game so far, you Keyboard superior narrow mindedpeople keep quiet. Your device was designed for Word not gaming.I choose a game controller, you choose whatever you choose.Controller option should be standard by now.I wish Valve would add Deal Breaker to the YES NO vote.If you are havppy with a keyboard YES get this now.If you wish to use a controller NO wait until it is fully supported.Thanks and I can't wait for what you guys do next."
,Not Recommended,246700,9227002,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Magics,Worth $5. Only 3 Active servers with players on a weekend. Graphics requirements misleading.
,Recommended,246700,12866544,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Pinsbroke,3fast5me
,Not Recommended,246700,8906330,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Delorean DMC-12,"This game is WAY too fast, but at the same time when not using the booster, you feel slower then everyone else! Everybody always out turns you, you always crash into things and everyones moving too fast to hit! The customization, different ship parts, and weapons are very nice, so is the music. But the actual gameplay is lacking in balance."
76561197992755052,Not Recommended,246700,8896542,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Mike - BeerMoneyGames,"I went in exspecting the ships to handle something like Descent 2 Freespace, and it is nothing like it. I hope to get the hang of it. So while I can not recomment it right now, I hope I can get used to the controls so maybe someday I can."
,Not Recommended,246700,8952525,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Cafe_Patron,This game is aweful...I wasted $20.
76561198058135009,Not Recommended,246700,9567596,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,BaloniePonie,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to play, Flight controls are idiotic spend most of the time crashing....also nobody plays this game so every server is empty 100% of the time"
,Not Recommended,246700,8907052,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,¥€$!,"no server filters, no players"
,Not Recommended,246700,8920520,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,[W/G] Brozerker the DoomRanger,"It sucks. That's all. I have a LOT of things I could write down, but I'll just say that it's not worth the time and money and it sucks."
,Recommended,246700,8896225,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,what is wrong with my life,"This a very intense game, every game is amazing. Suprisingly the game isnt very hard to run, and i got a solid 40-60 fps with my poopy computer. It is something different then the average fps.  Strike Vector is a game hard to master, but when you do the game gets even more fun! Its an excellent purchase."
,Not Recommended,246700,9785624,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,multipass,to be honest i thought looked like an interesting game and was super cheap on the sale as on that so i went in and automaticly the controls are all ♥♥♥♥ing wierd i cant even control my flying at all and i know but still it should be simple to fly around and all that but the mouse on it is horrible cant stop crashing for♥♥♥♥♥♥even tried to use one of my controles and it only partial works unfortunately there is no stars for this game or i would give it maybe 3 and a half stars jsut because the concept of it looks cool and all but all in all i feel like i wasted my money and that it should be a bit more cheaper then 12 maybe then more people would play and maybe simple controls strike suite zero is easier to play then this
,Not Recommended,246700,10928570,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dad Yells at Me,This game trash
,Recommended,246700,9659463,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Ruto,Why are nobody playing this game
,Not Recommended,246700,9644317,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,MoonDroid,BAD GAME I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!!!
,Recommended,246700,9034613,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,declimated,♥♥♥♥in a
,Not Recommended,246700,10066020,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,yelroc,It looked amazing but I don't currently like the game.  It started out as multiplayer versus only.  Which is bad.  It has recently had single player challenges added but that's not what I am looking for.  I would like to see a single player mode that has dog fighting in it using these game mechanics.  it just not there yet.
,Not Recommended,246700,26040485,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Rocket Man,"""You are ded, not big suprise"""
,Not Recommended,246700,8958508,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Vanta Black,"Maaaaannnnn I really wanted to like this game more. Its not an FPS, I dont know why they would market it like that.Its just a typical space shooter not too unlike Strike Suit Infinity. I wasn't really a fan of that either. Aw well, should have done my homework. Ill stick with HAWKEN."
76561198113686223,Not Recommended,246700,8966926,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DarthPayne,"Nice looks, nice idea, but....average life time <6 seconds, no skill balancing (aweful newbie experience), too fast paced (nothing for an old fart like me, but rather for kiddies with ADHD on speed), controls are very peculiar, frequent suicides due to accidentally bumping while turning and not quite making it. Not for me. Regretting the purchase very much."
,Not Recommended,246700,9000748,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,JinNJuice,"Do NOT buy. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Controls are NOT intuitive, but rather counteractive. All of the normal aircraft movements you'd expect, they split it into two ""modes"", the floating Harrier mode, and the forward moving Vector mode. All the normal tilting motions are available, of course. In Harrier Mode, you can only strafe, ascend and descend. In Vector mode, you can only rotate. It's problematic because the ships tends to rotate on its own. It made me do a double barrel roll one time, and I pressed NOTHING.The camera work is drunk as hell. It's not worth going in first person unless in Harrier mode, since the cockpit and weapons swerve all around your screen. In Vector mode, the camera would shake too much anyways. Oh, but in third person... the camera drags behind every movement of your ship so damn badly, it's so hard to maneuver the ship properly, and the counteractive controls and random rotations are bad enough already. Talk about THE STUPIDEST concept of artificial difficulty.Going back to the controls, there's actually the LACK thereof. No native controller support yet, or at least no remapping of it without extensive knowledge of the Unreal development kit. For a flight simulation, this is THE one thing that the game needs; some stick controls. The way they split the standard airship controls into two modes is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Being stuck with the keyboard and mouse means some of those controls become clunky from having only one velocity available. No precise movements outside of mouse ""tilts"" available. This is VERY bad, especially if the aiming reticle has to go all over the place to even maneuver the ship. Can I say that also makes it unneccesarily more difficult to maneuver it already?And, oh god. The user interface ingame. It's so menstruating to look at. There's too much opacity, and the color palletes make everything blend together too much. Sure, the game is flashy as hell, but that is too much of a good thing, and that makes it BAD. I can only understand this when looking at explosions and such. For everyrhing else, are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? The designs are so generic too, hardly user friendly. Oh, right. Add the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥camera shakes too. What a ♥♥♥♥ing eyesore. Do they really expect people to focus their vision with all of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t?NOW HERE'S THE REAL BEEF. Weapons, Actions, and Specials. They are so damn unbalanced. People say there needs to be much skill for this game, and that people won't be overly punished, but rather feel everything they do is deserved. Well, HELL ♥♥♥♥ING NO. Let's get down to why they're so wrong. There are 8 weapons, okay? Gatling, carabine, rocket launcher, homing missile, LMG, plasma gun, shotgun, and swarm missiles. The only two worth using are the rockets and shotgun. Gatling fires too slow, spreads rappily, and does very little damage. Carabine are like pathetic pistols that have some accuracy, but is ruined by the lack of firerate and damage. Rocket launcher is a bit powerful, since its projectiles are large, fast, and very damaging, and its intervals are actually rather short for rockets. I can shoot one per second, or two if I choose double rocket launchers as my loadout. Homing is medium at best. You have to point directly at the opponent for about a second to have it lock on, but its explosion range is VERY crappy. LMG is also stupid, just like the gatling, but oh it does more damage, but it also needs to reload. Plasma Gun is way to difficult to use, since it's supposed to be the equivalent to a sniper rifle. It's not hitscan, though, so it's more punishing to use this in long range. How counterproductive. Shotgun is so easy to use. Such a wide spread, sprays a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of pellets, and damage is high. This is the most overpowered weapon. Do about three to five shots, and they're GUARANTEED dead. It's so damn forgiving to bad aim. Swarm missiles do not require a lock on, but its tracking and speed are so terrible. It's only good against slower and straightmoving enemies, which you will NEVER see. Not to mention, you can self-swarm yourself rather easily. Damage and splash is pitiful too.Black Prophecy did flight combat so much better, despite that game's weapon imbalance. Camera was smooth with the ship's movements, but it also twitched with the players' actions to remain consistent with their aims. Players were able to manipulate the amount of velocity towards ascending, descending, rotating, strafing, accelerating, and tilting. Too bad the game died from financial problems. This new game, Strike Vector, will NOT replace a good flight combat game."
76561198061873026,Not Recommended,246700,9024673,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ya Boi Dr. Pig,"The controls are very complicated, and the devs said it would free upon launch.....and most weapons are very unbalenced, don't waste your time or money."
76561198047485108,Not Recommended,246700,11686106,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,flapjack,"This game would be fun, if the plane was easy to control."
,Not Recommended,246700,9199667,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,GrognakTheLibrarian,paid for a dead game...no community at all
,Not Recommended,246700,13136625,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Caedicus,"I'm at a lan and can't play with my friends.   No servers show up on the server list.  And I tried to restart/reinstall.  Nothing fixes the problem.  Devs don't say they are aware of the issue, but I their recommendations do not work."
,Not Recommended,246700,10860513,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Rocky,"Awful, and dead, do not buy"
,Not Recommended,246700,10854884,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Glassia-labolis,Servers are dead.
,Not Recommended,246700,10649002,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ezio,"Needs work and Players...Pad controls are terrible and keyboard / mouse are not much better.Something about it is just wrong, its hard to describe.It's dead for a multiplayer game. Needs some CPU enemies to bring it back to life.As it is now, I cannot recommend this games."
,Not Recommended,246700,10860135,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,The Butthurter,"I've played plenty of FPS games where your character is a bipedal humanoid, firmly bound by gravity. Seeing that Strike Vector gives players a ""hover"" mode made the game seem like a good choice to transition from the traditional FPS to the flight shooter.However, Strike Vector is plagued by the same combat formula other flight shooters have: find enemies, chase each other in a circle, break out of circle to get a shot, and end up being destroyed because if you're not flying in a circle, you are inevitably an easy target for some other player.If you're familiar with flight shooters, you might still like this game, and you might emphatically disagree with my analysis of the combat. However, if most of your games are from other genres, Strike Vector is not a good introduction to flight shooters. It has a very steep learning curve, has not advanced significantly beyond others of its type, and does little to appeal to anyone who isn't a hardcore flight shooter player."
,Not Recommended,246700,10595373,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE. NOT ONLY ARE THE CONTROLS HORRIBLE IN THIS GAME BUT ARE NOT WELCOMING AT ALL TO NEWBIES. THE TUTORIALS MAKE NO SENSE AT ALL ESPECIALLY THE SECOND TUTORIAL. I FOR ONE DON'T HAVE THE PATIENCE TO RE-READ THE OBJECTIVES 20 F'UCKING TIMES AND YET IT DOES NOT MAKE ANY SENSE AT ALL. I BOUGHT THIS GAME ON SALE AND I'M STILL MAD. THIS GAME MAY LOOK TEMPTING BUT BE WARNED IT HAS VERY LITTLE ONLINE COMMUNITY. SO IF YOU HAVE LITTLE PATIENCE ON LEARNING A DIFFICULT GAME WITH THE MOST HORRENDOUS CONTROLS  THAN DON'T BUY IT!
,Not Recommended,246700,10085995,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Cloods | Graphic Designer,"it doesnt work on my computor and many others, untill this game will work i cant give a proper reveiw so i dont recomend"
76561197980578160,Recommended,246700,8917954,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ChakraBeing,"Quite a lot of fun for the price tag! Once you get the hang of flying it really becomes a nice fresh fast paced dog fighting game with intense battles, it is a simple yet deep skill experience you'll find yourself getting hooked for hours at a time"
,Recommended,246700,8815685,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sawdust Invader,This is the multiplayer for Starwars Rougue Sqadren we were all robbed of. (Its good)
,Recommended,246700,8861477,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Maple Duke Of The Holy Clout,"great game. fast paced, even if you just want to camp in a corner, seems very solid even though in beta. I just hope it is going to be free. i definitly recomend it."
,Recommended,246700,8894292,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Burst Lord,S.V has executed fast paced aerial combat very well and nothing plays like it. The sense of speed is well done and maps filled with hazards and buffs are a joy to navigate and dogfight through. Each kill is very satisfying and does not come easy. There is a learning curve but once you get a feel for switching between modes and leading your shots the entire experience comes together perfectly. I highly recommend giving this game a shot.
,Recommended,246700,8908048,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[AIDA] Dauntless,"Remember that one game? Yeah, that one. The one you stayed up weeknights playing in high school. The one you played with all your friends. This is that game, for a new generation.Strike Vector is what happens when someone looked at Strike Suit Zero and decided, quite correctly, that they could do better. It's still pretty rough around the edges; ridiculously professional modeling is juxtaposed with menu design straight out of a flash game. Don't let that stop you. The core gameplay is really solid, and the customizability is top-notch both in design and utility (even though the former is kind of pointless when you're screaming past someone at several thousand kilometers per hour; it's still nice).If you liked Strike Suit Zero, buy this game.If you didn't like Strike Suit Zero, buy this game.If you don't like going fast and blowing other ships up... yeah, try Gunpoint or something."
,Recommended,246700,8727135,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Maximum Derek,"Love it, would like full 360 controller support but the game is a blast, you feel like you have an insane amount of control over your ship and the art direction is incredible(The power of getting a good concept artist)"
76561198062587034,Recommended,246700,8897196,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Sidelol,Fun game realy fast pace witch is a + Nice graphics lvl design the gameplay is realy smooth and comfertable...things i dont like about it is the missle homeing weaps are op and the zoom aim sucks to slow
,Recommended,246700,8908045,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,cruisin',"Be forewarned, this game has a STEEP learning curve. However, the blazing fast action, the tense situations you find yourself in, and the evisceral thrill from outsmarting an agile opponent is well worth it. I'm having a great time with it so far."
,Recommended,246700,8915442,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,BlakeEclipse,This game is just amazing! so fast paced and amazing visuals. Though it is only beta it's amazin what they have done so far. so far all who like fast paced flying/shooting games give this game shot!
,Recommended,246700,8929065,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Flop Dangle,Game is nothing but fun. Not stop action
,Recommended,246700,8957092,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,cyanisaac,"Note: I personally fail at this game. But I still enjoy it.Strike Vector is exactly what it says it is: frantic. It's an enjoyable aerial combat game with very tense and frantic moments, great gameplay, astounding graphics, and a pretty enjoyable experience overall.The game drops you into a level where you can basically fly around and shoot other vectors (aircraft) (with other players controlling them). However, you can very much decide how you play. Will you speed fastly, knowing others see you on the radar, shooting them until they explode? Or will you hide somewhere, with a plasma gun and a homing missile, carefully and sneakily wiping players out? It's up to you.There are a few drawbacks, though. First of all, if you are not used to frantic multiplayer gameplay (which I was not), you will die. A lot. Secondly, if you aren't quick with reflexes, you will die. A lot. Okay, to put this simply, unless you are pro at everything about this game, you will die A LOT. Expect to ragequit in Ragequit's game.As well, the price of this game is a bit high for its current state. I'm enjoying it (now that I'm learning how to not die a lot) but it did cost quite a bit of money. Be aware of this.Finally, there is no training for other AI that attack you. You have to basically learn how to fight with other players killing you... a lot. So it has a steep learning curve. That will make you die. A lot.That's my review of the game. I'm giving it a 3.5/5, I enjoy it, and I will update this if they release more content. Thanks for reading my full review.FOR LAZY PEOPLE:Pros:*Delivers on expectations. (Frantic gameplay, good graphics, good gameplay)*Somewhat variety on combat choice.*Runs well on sub-par systems (Didn't cover in full review above)Cons:*Steep learning curve*You will die... a lot.*Bit too pricey for its amount of content.Verdict:*3.5/5. I recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,246700,8981431,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Zedrin,"I love this game so much so it pains me to write this: the game is very rapidly dying if not already dead, and as a purely multiplayer experience, that's very bad news. It saw a spike with the recent content update but it still varies between 6 and 30 people playing in total. You can see the population here:http://steamcharts.com/app/246700The gameplay itself is tight, combat is very satisfying, the game's well optimized and receives quite frequent updates, it's so refreshing to have 3-dimensional combat, the weapons are well balanced, but ultimately none of that matters if you can't find enough people to even have a match with.If the population picks up, you'll probably want to check it out, however."
,Recommended,246700,9026972,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,AaronMT,It's basically a faster Forsaken with a bit of Descent. Deal with it.
,Recommended,246700,8906234,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,ScanGrade,I want to gofastWarm my heart with gattling gunHelp I cant fly good
76561198038990485,Not Recommended,246700,9792118,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,godweiser,Just couldn't get into it.
76561198107380150,Not Recommended,246700,9817837,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Chipotlore,"I got this game because I needed to quench my thirst for a new and innovative flight combat game, and also is was on sale.I'll start with the good things, the game looks great, I don't have much to complain about it.  Nothing special, but they do the job.  The game is fairly easy to jump into, creating your own personal vector is quick and easy.  The controlls for this game are great!  No joystick required, I actually think it would make the game worse!  I've encountered no controll problems within the game.  Gameplay is very innovative and fast paced, you can either hover, or whiz around the map.  There are plenty of weapons to choose from, but the game lacks balance in terms of weapons.  The maps are all very different from one another, we just need more of them.Now with the bad things, let's start with the UI.  Yeah sure you open up the menu and it looks fine, but when you get into the games is when you encounter problems.  All of the text is in lower case, and in arial font.  It's like they forgot about the whole in game UI and just put in a rough draft.  The ""killcam"" or whatever's text is the worst, the ""emblems"" for the players look dreadful, and the names of the guns are different from their original title.  For example if I get killed by and ""LMG"", it won't say ""LMG"", it will say ""lmg1"".  It's very annoying.  My next complaint is with the ""booster"" pads.  Their placement is just awful, I'm not even sure if their supposed to be a bonus or a trap.  When you go into a booster, you have absoluetly no control of your Vector for about 3 seconds.  Plus everyone will see you because the boosters are loud as hell, so you're going to get shot.  Sometimes their placed right at spawn, killing at least half of your team at times.  You have to go in right in the center of the booster if you don't want to hit something.  If you touch an edge, you're dead.If you like flight games, wait for this one to go on sale, it's not worth $25."
76561197971250143,Not Recommended,246700,9822213,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,fho,"The Short:This game has a tonne of potential and it looks pretty good while not requiring a space computer to run smoothly. And that's it's issue: tonnes of potential that's unrealized with paltry playmodes, lack of tunables for flight characteristics, no real game to speak of besides basic arena play, a flight system that's got an identity crisis. With all these problems, it's hard to invest into a game that feels more like a tech demo than a game. Get it if you want to try 6 axis arena shooter because there aren't many out there. Honestly, this game needs more development time! I like this game, but I want to ENJOY this game, and the problems listed above and below are preventing that.The Long:Fix the flight controls. This is a game with a flight identity crisis. If you want to do newtonian flight, do newtonian flight. Don't add by default things like drag, bank and roll characteristics of airplanes and then yaw is missing. If it's a spaceship with awesome rocket boosters, FLY IT LIKE A SPACESHIP!I wanted a Macross/Robotech game, but what I got was a half finished game with a learning curve that's more vertigo inducing than rage quit inducing (yes I turned off the auto roll, but still feel like i'm in a clothes dryer everytime I turn). If you want to have fun with a learning curve, I'd wait until they have more refined controls. The network lag between when you press thrust and when it actually happens is mostly suicidal unless your in a wide open pocket. The radar...eesh it's just too primitive to provide enough information for snap quick decisions, so it's a learning curve in itself for tactical. Targeting is playing wack-a-mole while getting vertigo. This game needs a lot more tunables for in flight sensitivies (turn rate, pitch rate, roll rate, and again there's no yaw in flight mode...ugh...). Just too many issues with the flight to be enjoyable.Now lets get to the game: There is none to really care about.This is as tech demo as you can get. Yes, it's a tech demo. By this day and age, pure arena battles are really just tech demo's.  I give you gun, a flight kit and some symetrically laid out floating boxes with a score counter.  Game balance does not exist when you make all the weapons available but employ no economy, graduation system or classes. There's nothing for us to invest ourselves into: No Story, No Character/Class Development, No Economy!!! No game to invest upon!Is there skill involved: yes to the extreme. This takes the lessons from the old school shooter in learning curve, but in this day and age that being the sole premise is not enough for many to invest their time in.Do I want my money back? No, since I bought it half price and the developer is still adding content.I recognize the hard work this team has done to get this far.Is it worth the full price it's asking? That's up to you. If you are a diehard fan of this type of flight sim and an arena junkie, it's passable given the unique 6 axis play. There are better develop shooters out there, but none with the level of freedom available. Accessibility to these freedoms is a real problem with this game though.2.5 out of 5 moo's."
,Recommended,246700,30566239,Posted: 17 March,all,Rettima,Sadface.
,Recommended,246700,8725798,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kilerbomb,"This game is intense. It's certainly not for everyone, but I love it. There are a few issues since it's in beta as I write this review, but holy hell this game is amazing. It plays extremely well, and is very skill-based. It's fast paced, and you will die. A lot. But that's part of the experience. Once you get the hang of flying, the game becomes about fighting rather than the initial experience of just trying to stay alive. I would definitely reccommend anyone who is interested to buy this game when it fully releases."
76561198042540362,Not Recommended,246700,12285216,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JaegerBombastic,"At the time of this review, it has been a straight week of empty servers. 0 players across the board.It's dead, Jim."
,Not Recommended,246700,15777470,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Viyara,"There were litterally only 2 other players online when I tried to play it. Its a shame, this looked like it could have been fun. :("
,Recommended,246700,8828328,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Deckerd,"Literally, one of the most intense, fast-paced, action packed, flight/space shooter I've ever played. It's awesome! 10/10 GET IT!"
76561198019030238,Not Recommended,246700,10308904,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,☠NicoZ☠,"The flying is really cool but is the most frustrating game I have ever played, I shouldn't have bought it. In 2 deathmatch i got ""0"" kills, is the first game that this has happened to me. way too hard or bad made(El volar es genial, pero es el juego más frustrante que he jugado, no debería haberlo comprado. En 2 deathmatch tuve ""0"" kill. Es el primer juego que me ha pasado esto. no se si es muy dificil o esta muy mal hecho)."
,Not Recommended,246700,10510527,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,TurboGarbage,"There is no lag compensation in Strike Vector, so if you have a high ping to US servers, there is no point playing. There are only a few US servers with some population, every other server is totally lifeless."
,Not Recommended,246700,10511370,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Brentmeister,After spending about an hour going through the tutorials and a few of the time trial type missions I logged in to find only two players on any of their servers. Game seems dead. I can't recommend.
76561197970503922,Not Recommended,246700,10520269,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,dusty_poppins,Cool concept - physics make it unplayable.  Not enjoyable for me.
,Not Recommended,246700,10520540,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Chiluzzar,"while some people say that the controls require you to ""git gud"" at it i would say that this ""air combat game""doesnt understand exactly how to achieve that.it looks good though, if someone gifts it to you, id save coin toss on if you should actually play it or just use it as a Xmas gift later"
,Not Recommended,246700,10532237,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr.Decepticon,I just wasted $6.  This game has an unbelievable learning curve.  The controls are absiolutely atrocious. I thought there was some sort of single player mode but apparently it is just training.  This is pretty much a multiplayer only game.  That being said....when you get into a server prepare your♥♥♥♥♥♥for an unbelievable♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  You can not tell where you are being fired upon from.  Moving around alevel is extremely difficult considering the controls are...just bad.  i would NOT recommend this to anyone.
76561198059388479,Recommended,246700,13271796,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Savagepotato45,"this game is amazing. i couldnt stop playing it for the first week, but as time went on more and more people left the game, the game ended up being me playing against the same 5 people over and over againvery enjoyable, just play with some friends."
76561198068449954,Not Recommended,246700,11024903,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,kshimi,"Most annoying game, waste of time and money."
76561198040334968,Not Recommended,246700,26436612,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Manaxus,meh. Not what I was expecting.
,Recommended,246700,11603584,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SpoingBlob RectangleArm,This Game is just AMAZINGThe devs are giving free dlc aka updatesIts a fun fast pace ship combat game giving you many ways to fight your enemywith crazy driving and all i can say is you will crash and you will die but once you practice enough you can sortanot crash. This game has great controlls and requires alot of skill so be ready to♥♥♥♥♥♥yo pants because HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥HOMING MISSLEWait theres a first person and its not only 3d person Well this just got even crazyerNow every game you play you unlock items to  customize your♥♥♥♥♥♥and profile and as you lvl up you get new parts to customize your shipSo I my only have 3 hours in one day but I shall play more and you to because its awesome But i warn you its fast pace so take care and check yourself before you shrek yourself
,Not Recommended,246700,10516264,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Trailblazer,although the game does look good enough. i dont know many player who use keyboard exclusively.and the controller support is not there yet. putting this one away until proper ontroller support is there.
,Not Recommended,246700,10926318,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Azusa,"The idea of this game is good, the execution is awful. Personally I hate the way that moving your camera moves your entire ship, however natural it seems. The tutorial is not a tutorial, you aren't taught how to control your ship, you aren't taught basic maneuvers, you aren't taught anything, so I had to jump into a server to see how the game functioned. The acceleration mechanic is terrible and makes flight very clunky and the pulse on the camera when you accerlate is very distracting. There are almost zero options on customizing the game to your liking, even remapping keys is a hassle. Plus, as some of the other players have mentioned, the servers are indeed dead, there are maybe 60 players max across all servers, even though it's 75% off on the Steam Summer Sale. The idea of this game is good, it's just the lack of effort in the UI and the annoying camera style that ruins it for me."
,Not Recommended,246700,10585833,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tootmander,"I love this game, but I cannot honestly recommend it. I've encountered an annoying number of people using Aimbots already, capable of nailing me mid-flight with an unguided rocket when I'm dodging and whirling like a madman. Worse is that some hacks are blatant: some players are mysteriously able to shoot behind themselves when not in hover mode.I'd give this game a 9/10, but the community makes it impossible to enjoy.Edit: I've found this game does not even have VAC. The developers SERIOUSLY need to consider adding this."
,Not Recommended,246700,11399394,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,penguin_shark,don't get this game
,Not Recommended,246700,10518282,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,F943,no
,Not Recommended,246700,10953781,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Herobrine,"Game is well made, but get's boring after the first 10 minutes, wish there was a demo, because I would never have paid for it."
76561198043870626,Not Recommended,246700,10509117,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Slagathor Adattam,"great game if you can actually play it, and i mean compete with high leveled players that have been playing this game for quite a while. but you cant get a good match and actually improve at the game unless you can take them on. pretty much a dead game as of right now, wish i could get my money back"
,Not Recommended,246700,9785972,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Cyberg War,"The game is a mess. Controls are horrendous. Can't control your ship. I have the sensitivity all the way down and the slightest movement sends the ship into spins, drifts and jerks. After burner is constantly on and targeting is a joke. Thanks goodnes no one is playing this game. It would be so sad to see all these people constantly crashing into things instead of trying to shoot each other. BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY I EVER SPENT ON STEAM. I wish I could return it.Also, god forbid if you ask for help in this community of Strike Vector gamers. Your game should just work, regardless if it does or  not, and you should be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I.N.G happy if it doesn't. They are all little babies and cryers if you don't like their game as much as they do."
,Recommended,246700,14322845,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Ravinous,"This game looks great, feels great and will get your adrenaline going for sure. Its nice to see such a great game trying to be fun rather than a cash grab a micro transaction machine. I seriously hope this becomes a foot hold for a host of new games in the future that strive for the true heart of gaming is fun and not just a way to fill ones pockets with money for sub par content."
,Not Recommended,246700,31853701,Posted: 19 May,all,FaZe Banks,It's a great game but a dead one
76561198104087889,Not Recommended,246700,16158723,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Not Too Shabby lft,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥its just star conflict only less of the fun elements and worse gameplay
76561198054533581,Recommended,246700,8784396,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Makaan,Great game. 9/10
,Recommended,246700,8836360,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,PD2525,Amazing gameplay with unique movement and combat
76561197988976954,Recommended,246700,8860756,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Phil Riker,Fun game with really easy to learn controls. Environments are pretty and the flying thru them is really cool! A fps in space!
,Recommended,246700,8887581,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Samenflussigkeit,GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198024274857,Recommended,246700,8896422,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MD Tron,"You can load Strike Vector and jump right into a game, within the amount of time most games take just to load the main menu.After playing a few games, crashing and killing, I got the hang of it and finished a team deathmatch with 11 kills 0 crashes, after my 3rd play through.I would call myself a jack of all trades, master of none.  give you an idea how easy it really is to pick up and play.matches are 6v6  8v8 and 16v16. after each match you can vote for what map and game type to play next.The customization of your ""ship"" is not as customizable as you might think, at least not at the start.  Right now there are only 3 pattern options; camo, zebra, stripe, that need to be unlocked for each of the three main sections of the Vector and You can mix and match the patterns for each section.All cosmetics have to be unlocked, they let you chose three colors for the three interchangeable sections of the ship. There are only 3 interchangeable sections that are all locked at the start of the game.The real customization of the vector has to be unlocked from gaining rank or gaining xp after a match by killing or getting medals for killing players, you also get xp for just being in the fight.  ""Thumbnail"" aka name plates, kind of a CoD style background image, as of now it lacks the customization that lets you make your own decal.It starts you off with a good ballance for picking what setup you would like to use to own people with. After a player kills you, it lets you see what loadout they used. You can go in and out of your hanger to change your loadout after you die, or jump back into the fight within seconds of dieing.Long review short, i play a few matches, and then quite playing, then cant stop thinking about playing... then i play some more."
,Recommended,246700,8905992,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Red,"The learning curve is ridiculously sharp, but it's so gratifying whenever you destroy an enemy Vector"
,Recommended,246700,8908204,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,MentalEdge,Once you get the hang of the control scheme this game gets incredibly fun!
,Recommended,246700,8908950,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,المجد لله,Brutally hard but amazing game to pick up. Fast paced flying action mixed with small spaces creates an amazing atmostpere.10/10
76561198028916492,Recommended,246700,8910842,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,HatchetAxe,"Awesome game. Battles can get really crazy and flying the vectors is really fun. All they need to do now is solve the connection problems and the game will be perfect. I haven't really had major problems with the connections, but there have been times when I randomly left a game."
,Recommended,246700,8915492,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Hierarch,"I’m here to tell you about Strike Vector, from the French indie developer, Ragequit Corporation.They have gone from a 4 man team to a 9 man team that has made a “fast brutal aerial FPS” in 15 months. It’s an extremely fun game. It’s fast-paced and plays like an arena shooter. The game is by no means a graphical masterpiece, but it looks and sounds great.Like I said before, this game is extremely fun. And a bit addicting, that is if you’re into flight games. I even got to play with some of the developers, and they’re extremely fun to talk to. Whether you’re into obliterating the opposition with rockets and mines, shredding the competition with Gatling guns or shotguns, or taking aim and coming out on top with the plasma gun, you’ll have fun and get your heart pumping with any play-style."
,Recommended,246700,8957336,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[BOX] Trevish,"Wonky controls and it doesn't like connecting to the server you select from the list but picks a random one for you regardless. Arenas are tiny and cramped for a flight game of any sort. Controls are suprisingly unresponsive for a game intended to be fast paced and hit/crash detection is just plain wierd, like the hitboxes of the vectors are twice as large as the graphics for both weapon fire and terrain collision detection"
,Recommended,246700,8958109,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Agile Warmind,"Brutal, Yes. Intuitive controls? maybe not. Thank god this one lets you remap the keys (unlike some biger-name titles i've played). The levels: beautiful ...except for one major flaw. At the beginning of each round/life, the game instantly launches you at terminal velocity at the nearest bulkhead. Yes, this can be avoided with some creative stearing, but why should it? Apparently there are three (or four speeds). You have normal flight speed, which feels a bit slugish until I realized that the same trackball mouse I'm using to aim my weapons is also the flight control. The ASWD controlls are only for turret mode (and the movement in turret mode is suicidally slow). Then there's boosted mode, if i remembered to use the build with a booster... that makes me glow in the dark on the radar. And of course, the afore mentioned ""an hero"" mode where you can sit and spin untill somone locks you with double homing missiles and you can't transform to flight mode fast enough for barrel roll to be effective. The fourth speed? well, there's booster gates all over the place, and some of them in rediculous places that either launch you into the nearest wall, or throw you completely out of the arena, but if you hit one of these gates while your ships booster rocket is switched on, you may very well rip your eyelids off going into ridiculous seppd. I'm not complaining. This is how i remember games being before everything got all ""checkpoint"" this and ""continue"" that. Games used to be hard. They used to be really hard. Thay used to make me want to play harder instead of just dropping into easy mode. Deffinately 8/10. A ""safe"" zone in the lanch area where you ship starts where other pilots could still shoot you, but you're not going to start the game by slamming into the environment and I would give this game a 9. Maybe it's a good thing this game's in some sort of prerelease alpha/beta stage. It's not to late to fix it."
,Recommended,246700,8958682,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Warrikon,"I have searched high and low for games like this. Midnight club 2, Tribes Ascend, Ace online.... the list goes on. Addicted to speed, to the everlasting pace of games like this, that make you want to go faster and challenge yourself more and more.and finally I found the one game. The one that has a community, the potential to grow, that isn't imbalanced, that is not dated or ugly and is at a price I was willing to pay (though for these games i'd throw anything at it)Now don't get me wrong I'm not a day 5 or so fan boy of this game, there are some points about this game you might want to check before you hop right in and die continuously as you learn the flying system. So i'll keep it short, sweet and in dot points, but my final verdict is to buy this game ten times over. Twenty, even.Pros- The game is fast paced and will keep you there with the eyecandy of explosions.- Its not eyesore. the colours are beautiful and there is a fantastic use of fog in some of the more difficult to traverse levels- Its multiplayer focused, which for a game like this is a big win. AI will simply not cut it in a flying sim or something where everything goes fast, it would seem unnatural or completely broken.- Challenge, and lots of it, be that through flying or gunning or simply learning how to do both at the same time.- There is a great sense of scale and environment in the maps. Each one is unique but also maintains a realism, even if some of the walls or pipes look useless. A bit of filler here and there, but it doesn't take away from anything.- Theres lots of customisation, through the guns or the Strike that you control.- Soundtrack is in pace with the game, however its not unbearable when you are fighting. The sounds of explosions and distant dog fights will treat your ears like any one of your favourite songs should.- It's new, which means all the rookies are going to be playing right now! Yay if you don't have it :)- most importantly, with effort, the game becomes rather simple to learn. Its just fly and gun, the rest is up to you. But it is one hell of a fly and gun time.- The community is nice and welcoming!- ONE TIME BUY!!! No shop, no bypassing levels, no... anything. or whatever.Cons- The game is not for everyone unfortunately. It's a niche style with niche gameplay. The environments and effects will please everyone, but the gameplay might be confusing.- The fast pace might be too fast for some people but it is definitely something that once you get hooked onto, you won't want to go back ;)- Matchmaking is nonexistant at the moment. Stats exist, as well as the ability to swap teams and choose servers, yadayada simple stuff. But the game won't automatically balance teams or anything at this stage (or at least it seems like it)- Although there is quite a bit of customisation, it might suffer from that sort of 'elder scrolls' effect where it just isn't enough sometimes. you want more. MORE. Unfortunately you can't get anything like parasellant paint... want so much.- The games flying complexity, although obvious once you know how it works, isn't really told in any great tutorial or voice over. Theres a simple (and by simple I mean text based with pictures) tutorial that explains everything to a level, but doesn't let you interact with it. You just gotta get in there and fly.- The start can be grueling. Death after death can ensue, and you'll be sad when you see that 'undefeated' title go away. If you ever see it. But it only took me one hour to start racking in some good scores so, hope the same for you too.- Last time i checked there wasn't much to change in terms of graphics, though I normally do crank everything up to max and leave it how it is. I don't really know to much about the little buttons and stuff.- Its not disorientating for me, but sometimes it can get quite confusing for where you are. Once you learn how to read the map and know the environment, you won't get confused anymore.- I haven't run into any errors or bugs except for 'out of memory', which generally happens after playing it for five hours straight. yeah.- The price might seem 'unworthy' to some people but if you look at a game (as STAR_ said) such as DayZ, which costs almost 40 bucks for the beta.... Idunno. Pay if you want, but this game is worth so much more in my eyes. I'd throw more money at it if I could.Thats all I can think of and I hope it helps!! I think i covered everything. Just remember if you do buy the game (which you should!) rebind W to W, theres currently a glitch that makes the original controls' W not work properly. Ghost W or something."
76561198047765124,Recommended,246700,8966826,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,NorthMan,Awesome fast paced first person shooter
,Recommended,246700,8980703,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,darkgandara,"If you are looking for a fast paced flyer; this is your game. From the start all weapons and perks are available to you minus decals and a few of the ship parts. This game is an adrenaline junkies dream with fast flying with maneuverability that is insanely precise. Now this is a great game but, it does have its downsides. First I will say there are no player creatable servers to duke it out with just your friends. (Just a personal preference I would like to see.)  Second, there is a bug that my friend calls a ""Russian-Roulette"" of a bug. I mean this in the sense that it seemed like each time the game was started, one or maybe more bugs would occur. Some bugs include: mouse controls not working (up and down are fine, side to side...not so much), barrel rolls seem to glitch or not work at all, and an occasional acceleration issue (seems like you’re not even pushing forward). Also the server lists seem to bug out when you select the option to sort based on any criteria. It seems like the game servers do not actually reorganize themselves if you select a filter. Now I know that this game is pretty new and bugs are expected so I'm just telling you what you can expect. Other than those things, this game is freaking awesome. I can recall many close calls with the massive pipes and various structures in my solo flights. Flying in as close as possible at high speeds proved to be just as exhilarating as the video shows. At the current moment I would rate this game a solid 7/10. This can be a much better game if the glitches and such are taken care of. For the moment the $25 seems to be a fair deal. Just be ready for a huge skill gap."
,Recommended,246700,8821718,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,nuudeli5,Very good game. I would rank this above all CoDs and Bfs. Feels like old fps game with new graphics and idea. Would recomment.
76561197968835832,Recommended,246700,8896946,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Tiberius,"Simply incredible. This is twitch gaming reborn. Ludicrously polished from concept to execution. Take an incredible art style (like Hawken done right) and pair it with blisteringly fast and fun gameplay and you've got one hell of a combination. The vectors look and feel amazing and what the weapons lack in originality they make up for in balance and punch. As you may have already been let on by other reviews this game is VERY hard to pick up and play but your patience will be more than rewarded. While I've played enough twitch shooters to navigate the maps and avoid incoming fire easily enough I initially simply could not figure out the homing and dismissed it as near-useless. Once I got the hang of it however it became an absolute blast to use and my go-to weapon. It is my conviction that those frustrated by their initial hour or so of constantly crashing and getting instakilled will have a similar experience. So if you love this game from the moment you load it up congratulations on your good taste! And if you don't, just keep at it, I swear it gets better in a big way. You have no idea what you're missing..."
76561198065144604,Recommended,246700,8905151,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Merlin927,"Could be fun if there was actually any type of contoller support.  Not sure why it said partial but it's definitely only mouse and key.  Aiming of couse is easier but moving around with keys in a game like this is awful.Now if they could build a controller scheme similar to Armored Core, this would be epic!Graphics are good.  Maps incorporate a mix of close quarters and wide open space.  However all the homing missles mean open space is an invite to get a missle shoved up your bum.  Stay away.Needs some love. 5/10"
,Recommended,246700,8906196,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Rumpert Pupkin,CAN YOU HANDLE THE FAST?!
,Recommended,246700,8910836,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,autumn,"Fast, frantic action with nice graphics and smooth responsive controls. It plays more like a first person shooter than any kind of flight game and reminds me a lot of eastern Mech games like Armoured Core but with a western edge. Great maps with loads of hazards and tight turns means you're guaranteed to see some insane manoeuvre during a dogfight nearly every round. Action is also instant on spawn as everyone flies in from the edges of the map to the centre construction where the main battle takes place.The only thing to potentially worry about is how quickly the maps might begin to feel familiar as they are fairly small in order to keep the action focussed. With a content drop due in late February and the promise of free future DLC, hopefully there's a bright future for Strike Vector."
76561197966373428,Recommended,246700,8958488,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Waffles,"Fantastic game, I havent enjoyed learning a new game for some time and this I am still learning and enjoying with eleven hours in 3 days in so far. At first you will crash... alot, there's no tutorial for some of the basics but dont be disheartened simply keep flying. Don'nt concern yourself with whether or not youre hindering your team you will get accustom to the controls and begin having matches with almost no crashes and naturally get better.The game is new, you will get random d/c's and be seemingly unable to get into games but they are not frequen occurances, this is normal to have in this stage of the games lifespan.above all else they game is FUN"
76561198000338113,Recommended,246700,8969603,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,nalogg,"AMAZING GAME!X-wing style dogfighting, with a healthy dose of macross/robotech/strike suit zero.It's a twitchy game, but the multitude of weapons, powerups, and bonus traits, as well as the ability to quickly enter a ""veritech-esque"" harrier mode creates endless possibilities for tactics.The only downside, IMO, is that it's completely multiplayer. The only way to gain experience/ranks (which is meaningless, for any purpose other than unlocking aesthetic customization options) is to complete a match (win or lose) and if your internet connection is prone to brief disconnects, or slowdowns, you will be dumped back to the game's main menu.This game could really be a home run with a single player campaign of some sort."
,Recommended,246700,8970192,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,AYY LMAO big f1sch ? uMad? LOL,Fun
76561198005313732,Recommended,246700,8973570,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Vezna,This game sure can screw up my head orientation with the monitor yet fun to play. Aiming/control is a bit hard for those first time playing playing 3D movements.http://i.imgur.com/NuQ0jAa.jpgThis is how I look like while playing this game.
,Recommended,246700,8976936,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Speed Weed,If you like Quake or any fast paced skill based fps. I would definitely reccomend this. there is free dlc and content is supposedly coming out monthly. It's also ridiculusly fun AND MADE BY 4 PEOPLE. GET GAME NOW
,Recommended,246700,9331421,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Fantastic Ergo,"Awesome game, super fast. Gameplay seems really balanced and fun. The graphics are beautiful as well. It's a mix of Robotech with crimson skies with Team fortress. Takes a little bit to get use to the different armament but I have had a blast playing this game, is also very refreshing where you can drop for a few minutes and feel satisfied or play for hours and be entretained the entire time. I think it will be a nice game for competitive play in the future. It is still in beta but worth geting it."
,Recommended,246700,9779476,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ish,>2014 not buying Strike Vector.
,Recommended,246700,21000673,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Platypus csgotower.com,Truly a great game and when it had a larger community it was my favioret game because of how different it is. Its fast its unique and most of all its full of explosions sadly the community is dead and will hopfully be awoken as the game truly is one to look at as a poptential MMO. PLEASE COME BACK AND PLAY THIS GAME PEOPLE!
,Not Recommended,246700,20985362,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Rivilar KF2Q,C'est poooooooooche
,Recommended,246700,12059870,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Spooky Noises,"Been looking for the next speed fix since Tribes Ascend went to♥♥♥♥♥♥Then look no fur- wait what? The community already died?Well, you know what they say, live fast and die young!Seriously somebody play this ♥♥♥♥ing game with me ;_;"
,Recommended,246700,10388753,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kermit Fucker,space is gay like picard ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,246700,8893612,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ParksandRekt,it's like starfox and hawken's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child.
76561198204048284,Recommended,246700,18231011,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Re Re Rodregez,I dont know why i bought this game
,Recommended,246700,9186152,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,SeNtiX,perfect multiplayer with super fast action....highly recommended
,Not Recommended,246700,15261606,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,WOLOLO,From what I have played this game is good....But I cannot play this game because there is almost noone on ever.
,Recommended,246700,14333102,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,John,"Bad mouse input, netcode and a small playerbase. Not really worth the money."
,Not Recommended,246700,14375486,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Lil' Ling,"u click on ppl, but get a lot of cancer in the mean time"
76561198042296378,Not Recommended,246700,15635414,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,ChrisAKAPiefish,"Back in the day when this was new, it was a great game to play. Lots of servers, lots of different people to play with and this game is genuinely fun. It's tricky but fun.I stopped playing for a while and then came back to it and unfortunately the playerbase is dead. There's very rarely more than a few people playing on one server. I can't recommend this game for that reason. If it had a single player campaign (there are singleplayer challenges and things but they're pretty dull) that was good then maybe I wouldn;t have to not recommend this. Let's hope for future games they focus on singleplayer and multiplayer or maybe a multiplayer model that makes people want to play."
,Not Recommended,246700,14323714,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Aseinsha,"It’s great, everything is great except for the controls, honestly I can’t do this with a mouse and keyboard, this game DESPERATELY needs gamepad support."
,Not Recommended,246700,14327571,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Tower Shield,"This is not a review of the gameplay, I've spent only 4 hours in game. But thats because the game is dead. I had difficulty finding servers with players. And when I finally found one it was filled with high rank people, which beat me into a pulp.So the game is pretty much dead."
76561198063828684,Not Recommended,246700,14397909,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Vandis,Less creative than what we thought!
,Not Recommended,246700,8891607,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,B33,"This game is a mess at this point. Battles are fast, but unexciting and lack tension or feedback. It feels like there's very little objective in the game, just fly around and shoot things. It's generic, and I can't find a reason to play it over a decent FPS."
76561198069433286,Not Recommended,246700,8893423,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Zaloric,"This game is a First/Third person shooter game. It is very fast and may cause you to feel like you are gonna throw up.IF you have a slow computar or just a bad computar i wouldn't consider this game for you, you will waste your money, just like I did. I would consider that this game is hard to play.But the graphic is ok, the movement or camera of the game is very confussing.I regret buying this game... :("
,Not Recommended,246700,8911752,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[R6] Jornak,"Horrible, broken, slow-paced game. Trailer is definitely false advertising."
,Recommended,246700,12439240,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Zenchy,This game is like space engineers but only more competiteve
76561198079697211,Not Recommended,246700,8892085,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,galaxystar,There are no servers when I play. I follow the instructions and nothing!
,Not Recommended,246700,12359547,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,FoN.sunshinehome,NO ONE ONLINE.It's an arena game but NO ONE ONLINE.Single player mode is ridiculous cuz there is NO BOTS.Why not just be F2P to save this game?It SHOULD be a fun game.
,Not Recommended,246700,11087160,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Deer Force One,"As someone raised on flight sims, the lack of joystick support makes this nigh unplayable for me. Your milage may vary."
,Not Recommended,246700,31534017,Posted: 3 May,all,Carlos Danger,"How bad can a poor UI, no one playing on the servers and ""partial controler support"" ♥♥♥♥ up a solid game with good graphics and gameplay?Oh boy, lets all find out together"
,Recommended,246700,14313853,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,ManOfHonor,noice
76561198111540045,Not Recommended,246700,11683633,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,xXELLUSIONISTXx,This game kinda sucks it's not worth the 12 bucks!!!!
76561198024157084,Not Recommended,246700,10921093,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Austindp91,Underdeveloped and Laggy even for 50 ms Ping rate.
,Not Recommended,246700,13557754,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,garuda [√] ɐpnɹɐƃ,"When I bought this game I was excited for a StarFox-esque game with tons of cool weapons, ships and what not.The actuality of this game is floating wistfully into open space, shooting weapons aimlessly at hoops, and ramming your jet at full speed into the side of space station because WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ DID I SPEND 20 DOLLARS ON THIS HOPELESS GAME."
76561197960408134,Not Recommended,246700,10645686,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zio,"This game was a huge let down in terms of gameplay, It implements all this mechanics that are basically obsolete, Why bother with anything when someone with infinite-ammo-gattling-explosive-bullets fineshes you of in 7 shots. hahahh its just so bad, flying around in space felt like I was flying a piece of paper. Obiously I bought the game because the Idea is great and the graphics look cool. Just reteak the physics and mecanics. Make the ships feel heavy by drag, don't have infinite gattling guns bullets, Just make it slower than the LMG and with reload, don't make the bullets explosive and not the LMG? Why have cool plasma snipers and not a plasma shotgun. The shotgun sucked by the way, when it took ten years to reload.  The range was real short as well, specially when the range of every other weapon is much greater, and firing speed.Well hopefully something like that happens otherwise I lost my hard earned cash."
,Not Recommended,246700,10963658,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Marbo,"Community is dead, controls feel like you're stuck in the mud even though your ship is going relatively fast. Tutorials are actual ""challenges"" and frustrate many new players, myself included. AVOID."
,Not Recommended,246700,9981579,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Wonderlust King,Here is why I don't reccomend Strike Vector....1. It's dead don't buy this game2. It's dead3. the only server to play on has 4 people tops on it and is based somewhere in the uk....4. did i mention it's dead?
,Not Recommended,246700,9275400,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,SerialChiller,♥♥♥♥♥ The Game
,Not Recommended,246700,9875353,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DJEcliptik,"too fast, can't control the thing. waste of $25"
76561198049659923,Recommended,246700,8891834,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,VintageLoser,this game can run on almost any comp! but it looks like it should run on strictly gameing laptops! idk how they do it!
,Recommended,246700,8892102,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Omnihart,Doesn't dissapoint
,Recommended,246700,11327684,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,JordyT (BREAGG),"No micro payments, all game modes, weapons and perks for free. $11.99 USDWhat are you waiting for, a sale? IT'S ALREADY A STEAL!!(I got this for free on the 'summer sale' [I don't know, steam might have given me it, no one was mentioned of giving me it, it was just there.] and gave it to 2 of my friends to support the developer to keep working on this gem!)People who are saying the community is 'dead'#1; It so isn't.#2: thats what the reviews are for; PUBLICITY!!Edit: Changed a comma to a question mark."
,Recommended,246700,10511460,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Altitude_Seven,community is dead 10/10
76561198020586501,Not Recommended,246700,10510990,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Scribbles,"bad tutorial, clunky controls, ugly grapics, boring."
,Not Recommended,246700,17220500,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,FooEz,its kinds hard to play and alot of money
76561197995107123,Not Recommended,246700,14231867,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,TheDook,"The developers have abandond the game. almost a year ago, funny the games only a year old. It IS a lie that it claims to be multiplayer. It is a multiplayer ONLY game that has 10 people playing it. Go look at the screenshots , many shots of the server list and population ,, last one shows 3 people playing the game.Was worth it when it came out , should be removed from steam now as it is unplayable alone.The community is horrid, the top player is the developer on an alt. Brags about being the best at his own game.They can be quoted as saying on more than one occasion that the only fun in the game is making new players ragequit and never come back. In other words Fun to make people spend money and then rip them off. Tell you its a wonderful game then make sure you cant play it so they dont have to update or work on it at all anymore. Did i mentiuon it was delivered unfinished?I highly recomend running far away from this game and these devs as they are obviously criminals. As when i pointed out these things on the forums , they banned me from expressing my opinion. I was attacked by the community then the devs accused me of being aggressive. In other words ,""your telling people whats really going on and we want to sell more of this useless game. ""Its fun how steam allows shady devs like this continue to exist under their umbrella but i guess the worl is a crappy place sometimes.EDIT: Sherbert added this to the forums, SHADY DEVELOPERS!!!  Orgnizing to keep the facts secret!""He left a nasty review on the game though and deleted my response to it. He's just spouting his usual nonsense and accusing the top players as being the devs alts. """" Anyway, his review is here so downvote it at your leisure:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197995107123/recommended/246700?tscn=1422744267""This is the act of desprate people trying to hide facts !!EDIT 2 : THE thread THE DOOK  on SV forums is now being used to ask people to report me for abuse for reviewing the game!! This is really getting desprate!! They cant stand that someone is pointing out the truth!EDIT 3 : Still no game ? still noone playing still the same 4 people proclaiming that the game is being worked on, 2 years later. People like this should be in jail. We were all robbed.EDIT 4: Still banned and oh heck look at that RageQuit has released an overhauled sequel. called this out of EA  so they could start ripping people off on a ""new"" title. Run far and run fast from this turd and the sequel."
,Not Recommended,246700,8968507,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Gadget,"I am sorry that I cannot get my money back from this.  The controls are clunky, there is no target lock for any weapon.  There is no lead target reticle, so it's all blind shots and most of the time I find myself either dying within seconds of spawning, or spawning right into a wall with no room to turn.  This game is either for hard-core gamers (obviously I am not one of them) or it is flawed.If you want a game like this that is both fun and challenging, and allowing even a novice to compete, try Star Conflict."
,Not Recommended,246700,13525004,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,bUbir,The game is dead. No more players in it. Bought it in the sale because I loved it but there are no more players sadly. Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,246700,26965127,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zig,"Looks nice, but controls are unplayable. There is no sensitivity adjustment. Gamepad causes you to spin uncontrollably at the slightest tap.  Mouse controls wildly jump from too little to much leaving you rapidly lifting and replacing your mouse like it's the 90s again with a ball mouse.  I couldn't get through the tutorial after dozens of deaths because the controls were just so terrible."
,Recommended,246700,9081480,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Badger,It is a good game
76561198164506953,Not Recommended,246700,13441770,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,microsoft word,i like the weapons and how you customize your plane but when you start playing its way to hard youre constaly crshing with the jet mode and you can even shoot youre trget in jet mode with crashing into it
,Not Recommended,246700,30695223,Posted: 23 March,all,Developer :D,"Controls too difficult, no storyline, just shoot planes. Nothing fun here and not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,246700,14576876,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ulfr,pffft
,Recommended,246700,8853490,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,POROROCA,Yes.
,Not Recommended,246700,16817430,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Lemonade,dead game
,Not Recommended,246700,17392598,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Pèpè Silvia,"I could go into the usual list of pros/cons; but the reality is that the game is dead without a steady MP base. There's no way to gain xp, no way to upgrade your ship/weapons, and in the end no point in playing (short of the few training missions that get boring fast).While there are SV meetups where a few of the active community gather to play, I don't usually have the luxury to plan my day/weekends around gaming. I want to be able to jump in whenever I have some free time and have fun.I'm thinking I made a mistake in buying the game at all, but at least I bought it on sale, so it's not a big loss. Just sucks because this is a game I could really like - if there was any reason to play it"
76561198043658491,Not Recommended,246700,15851900,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Lag,"I have fought the controls, and lost."
76561198005864269,Not Recommended,246700,11061660,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Terra Blade,"Take a pass, the controls are sloppy and the online servers are as dry as you can be without being 100% empty. Plus the 'customization' is all locked out until you level up which will take forever because there are hardly any players. If you have to get it, get it on a sale. But with no real tutorial, offline mode, or single player options I can't reccomend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,246700,8913049,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,.҉  Reme✧,I want a refund :/
76561198055908942,Not Recommended,246700,8891921,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,yura,not so good
,Not Recommended,246700,10455287,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Machoman413rd,WORST GAME I EAVER PLAYED DONT FALL FOR THE REVEIWS DONT BUY REPEAT DNT BUY
76561198057737215,Recommended,246700,12907175,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Bob Saget,meh
,Not Recommended,246700,12535229,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,WelshRik,"High pressure chekpoint game with little room for errors, at leat in the single player. Annoying, but I guess some people will ike this game, it's not that bad. Just not my cuppa tea. Maybe the pvp is Titan on steroids. I'm outta here"
76561198119751320,Not Recommended,246700,10531511,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Soviet Doggo,way too damn hard
,Not Recommended,246700,18901612,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,RCS▲,I opened it and it won't go to fullscreen. Terrible.
76561198005810660,Not Recommended,246700,14317844,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Tolliddzze,stupid
,Not Recommended,246700,13579717,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Fusou,dead game.
,Recommended,246700,33097199,Posted: 1 July,all,Schauma46 リーダー,Top Kek!
,Not Recommended,246700,12734678,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Jables,"This game is almost fun. The way the game controls and handles takes a bit to get used to, and you can abandon the idea of using a controller, it has no controller support and the controls don't lend themselves to comfortable keyboard emulation through programs like Xpadder.The game attempts to be a high speed, high action shooter like the classic Quake and Unreal games, the one twist on it is that its in a ship, which means you have a full range of motion. The issue is that the high speed nature of the game leads many new players to crash... frequently.Most people will need to invest 1-2 hours doing solo challenges just to get a good enough handle on the game to play. Venturing online presents additional issues though, and the game doesn't have bots so there is little fun to be had for new players.Because the game has reduced itself down to primarily veterans at this point, and imposes no newbie handicaps, and doesn't make an effort to sort good players from bad ones, anyone joining into the game at the time of writing this review can count on getting decimated, repeatedly.Players playing the game at this point are those who have unending enthusiasm for the game, and have had a lot of time to practice. Anyone new will be crushed, without mercy. The game also lacks LAN support for groups just wishing to play amongst themselves, and the challenges available in the game aren't exactly going to teach new players how to become good at the game, just how to fly right.The lack of community content this multiplayer-only game is offputting as well. There aren't many well thought out video guides, and despite the game's fun core, because it is multiplayer-only, that's a bit of a deal breaker.Do I want to play this game? Yes. Am I upset I bought this game? A little bit. I want to support developers of well crafted games like this, but I also want to be able to have fun with the games I buy. Do I think you should buy this? Probably not. It'd be great if a ton of people got into the game so that many players could play together all at once, and then the developers would have reason to do some sort of skill-sorting, but all of that is just a pipe dream."
,Not Recommended,246700,17718045,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Tiny Rick | Farmskins.com,i played this game for about and hour and it was way to fast and got a brain tommor and had to go to the hospital dont buy unless you want all your friends to magicaly disapear!
76561198054084348,Not Recommended,246700,12704281,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Zaku-II,downloaded it looked dead poked it a few times. Definitley dead.
,Not Recommended,246700,8785485,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Mike @ FistsofHeaven,"I had high hopes for this game, and am in the beta.  I realize this game is in beta, but I now also realize it has no hope.  Why?  The devs actively work *against* the players.  That's right - if you create a thread or posts about the bugs you encounter, they'll be deleted.  Because the release is in less than a week (and they'll be releasing a terribly buggy, unplayable game) apparently they're taking the ""hush hush"" approach rather than the ""let's fix these bugs before release"" approach.I wanted to like this game, I really did, but it's literally unplayable with a list of bugs a page+ long.  Avoid it until the devs stop behaving like children and start fixing their game."
,Not Recommended,246700,14316189,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Bosswave,THIS IS THE MOST (I have played thousants of games) STUPID GAME IN THE WORLD!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY IT!!!!! U WILL BE SAD IF YOU BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!! <<<<<-----------------Reasons: Only shooting       Almost no way to get a kill      Small and MOVING maps (everything is moving)         Stupid singleplayer            No reason to turn your brain on while playing (there is no kind of strategy)             No game tactics                            No ammo limit               No players (servers with players 4 or 5)        and like 3000 more...........THERE IS NO REASON TO BUY THIS USELESS GAME...........NO REASON
,Not Recommended,246700,12874000,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Smug,"Great Game only the pvp sucked cause beginers generaly can't aim well, which would be good if there wasn't a shot gun they could adopt and use their entire time playing the game. So yeah it has potentioal but the game is to difficult and ends with people taking the easy way out."
,Not Recommended,246700,13040521,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,DJmouse,sucky game
76561197971357766,Not Recommended,246700,12698566,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,pierre_bgt,too messy for me...
,Not Recommended,246700,32838264,Posted: 26 June,all,Mr.Bubbles,"Bought this game back before returns were a thing, and I am sad."
,Not Recommended,246700,24489045,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shadiez,Hard to controlNobody plays itWaste of moneyCouldnt refund itI'm going to kill myself
,Not Recommended,246700,12734012,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Cartof,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game cannot even figure out that i want full screen and full hd resolution. Control are aweful, game mechanic is slow, this game does not worth 5 usd.. Puking garanteed for this kindof of poorly implemented idea of a game."
76561198078997537,Not Recommended,246700,12918926,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Epic_Asker,Too hard
,Not Recommended,246700,25778272,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,DMentMan,IDoNotRecommend
,Recommended,246700,18851824,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Havel,"Fast, and fun. If you like Twitch shooters this game is for you."
76561198028576668,Not Recommended,246700,11080025,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,StormCrow,">>>UPDATE<<< (November, 2015)Unfortunately, this game appears to be dead. Today, the servers are completely empty.  An exclusively multiplayer game with literally no players is, sadly, the very definition of a Dead Game.It's a shame, too. This one had potential.<<<OLD REVIEW>>>Excellent fast-paced PvP shooter.Not a typical jet-fighter game... rather an FPS crossover.Some elements reminiscent of Descent.Very steep learning curve, and long improvement arc; player success hinges on piloting skill, environmental awareness, etc... not acquired upgrades or items. Ship loadouts are customizable, but all weapon systems are well balanced, and available to ALL players (no unlocking weapons as you level). Weapon systems choices therefore hinge upon player preference (play style, etc).As of this Review (7/5/2014) there is no Single-Player / PvE to speak of. The game comes with a set of Single-Player ""challenges"" which are VERY challenging, but which amount to little more than sequences to perfect at speed... no Single-Player ""game"" per-se. For learning purposes, the game allows the player to fly solo throughout any of the available maps. The focus of the game is clearly PvP.At first the vehicle will seem VERY squirrley... but once you've adjusted the mouse sensitivity, and had time to become comfortable with the controls, this game is VERY addictive.  The key mechanic is rapid-switching (mash the spacebar) between ""Vector"" (or Jet) Mode to cover distances, dogfight, and chase down enemies, and ""Harrier"" Mode for tight maneuvers, sniping from around corners, etc.Once you've mastered both modes, and are switching FLUIDLY between them... this game becomes amazing! Until then, it can be rather frustrating.Oh yeah... and you will crash alot."
,Recommended,246700,19424616,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Pirate Noirad,Game is really fun not many people play it but i really love getting my friends and getting on and fighting them if you ever want some one to play with just friend me and let me know i love playing this game and want to play with people when ever i can
76561198044041732,Not Recommended,246700,8944860,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,RaptorCWS,"Ive changed my review after trying to come back to this game and there is no one playing it anymore. don't waste your money on this the servers are a ghost town.Original Review""Game Is Awesome, A little difficult to get the hang of but not too bad, fun flight shooter/sim"""
,Recommended,246700,19344331,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,FleshLobo,Dope concept. Decent controls. Steep learning curve. I almost don't want to recommend this game because ther's no players. If you want a challenge this is your game. Too bad the challenge includes finding servers with people in them.
,Recommended,246700,9860799,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,pwny,This game is a lot of fun! They only need more people to fill the servers.
,Recommended,246700,9865948,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,`Zphyr-HACKERMAN,"If you're ready for something exciting and fast paced...If you're willing to deal with a learning curve that leads into an extremely rewarding experience...If you're not afraid of crashing repeatedly...This is for you. This is fun, ridiculous, and overall an underplayed game that deserves more love in its playerbase than it currently has. Basically, you can be a kick♥♥♥♥♥jet pilot."
,Recommended,246700,9866220,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,PYROMANT|C,"Strike Vector is a great take on the traditional multiplayer FPS, combining elements from all the classics and presenting them in a new format that’s quick to pick up but incredibly difficult to master. The initial level playing field and very latency forgiving mechanics make Strike Vector fun to play even when you’re at the end of a high ping connection. However the lack of a large enough player base is likely to be its downfall as it’s nigh on impossible to find a game in your region and you’ll often find yourself being one of a handful of players on the server once the map changes. It’s a game I can see a bunch of friends having a lot of fun with but past that Strike Vector is going to need a lot more players to make it worthwhile.Read my full review here:http://www.therefinedgeek.com.au/index.php/2014/04/19/strike-vector-its-missing-one-thing-people/"
76561197971809603,Recommended,246700,9593695,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Goredon,Great Game! Need more ppl! If you like fast paced dodge fighting... check this game out.
76561198121175566,Recommended,246700,8898760,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Wodin,Needs some work.  The Vector mode is a bit unstable.  Harrior mode needs a huge rework it's two slow.  non of the contorlls work properly on a controller forcing you to use a mouse. It's very akward to suddenly stop dead and turn on a dime.  There needs to be more drift and less turn radious in harrior mode.
,Recommended,246700,8925636,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Gunslinger,"Kills are satisfying and it reminds me of a cross between Descent and Unreal tournament. Only issues so far are 1) Servers crash 2) Servers appear full but upon joining sometimes contain 0 players   3) Beta players are lvl 44 and own everyoneBe prepared, there is a learning curve to this game. I'd say it takes about 2 solid hours of play time to get the hang of it (i'm just starting to have positive scores). However there is a good assortment of weapons and perks. Also, to players who say 'harrier mode is useless' - you constantly switch between harrier mode and jet mode to survive in this game. Also, I've played rounds solely in harrier mode with stealth on using the plasma rifle to snipe ships across the maps - so yeah that's also fun.Again, satisfying kills...gives you that 'slot machine' feeling."
,Recommended,246700,8926959,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Malagarde,"Had a great time during the beta event. Played ~3 hours. Controls can have a bit of a learning curve (so that you're not constantly crashing when you try to afterburn out of a constricted area), but other than that the game delivers on its promise of a rapid paced, full 3-d space, pvp experience. I only wish there was a campaign mode with big levels to fly through, but they've already done a great job with such a small studio builing balanced maps for deathmatches, dominion, etc. I'll be picking this up and hope to see y'all online."
76561198093396895,Recommended,246700,8941080,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Clard Bardleton,Blurry-speed bum-fudging tom-foolery in the skies. Do you love swarm missiles and hate puppies? Then don't you play this game you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ slurping ninnymuggins. Otherwise hop on the violence train and lets get to slaming into walls and sodomizing our friends with plasma. Well balanced (except those fudging swarm missiles) fast paced gorgeous action to keep you at pucker level 8 for hours on end. Strike Vector is like pouring cocaine on your cocoa puffs and then chasing the neigbors cat with molotovs. It's that awesome. Spend $20 on anything else at all and the terrorists win.
,Recommended,246700,9153151,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ladolf Shitler,"strike Vector is a fast paced shooter with fantastic maneuverability. The term brutal is thrown around with this game and after an hour playing I can tell you, god does it deserve it.Weaponswith all weapons and perks (I guess thats what I should call them) unlocked at the start of the game gives you amazing choice and a completely even battlefield.Vector designthis is one of the few things  that you unlock by playing but with a huge choice of whatever three colours to cover you vector in, even when you first play there you adjust you vector to fit your tastes.""feel"" of the gameWhis a magnificently fluid play style Strike Vector reels you in within minutes. while you are avoiding fire you feel like a god tier pilot (I my case at least) and this hooks you further in to an already gripping game.Overall verdictI love strike vector and all it's ariel combatic glory. Don't get me wrong I am awful at the shooting part of the game but I'm a pretty good pilot. Unfortunatly the menus need a little work but overall a 9/10. Strike vector is well worth is £20 price tag.If you disagre I would love to hear you argument so comment below.Thanks for reading though all my typos!"
,Recommended,246700,8892688,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MasterChoomba,old school trigger happy action mayhem!
,Recommended,246700,8892811,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Acavedo,"Strike Vector completely surpassed all my expectations.  Plasma is OP, but that's OK.  The maps vary in size from the close quarters chaos that has someone crashing every few seconds to the wide open expanses of atmosphere that let you sneak around the edges to get behind the enemy.  Plenty of customization allows for all styles of play, and with three saved loadouts, you can easily change up your style in the middle of a game to better strike down your enemies. Very friendly developer, too."
76561197968180902,Recommended,246700,8918873,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,TeflonBilly,After a couple of hours you learn to stop crashing.  Fun game over all.
,Recommended,246700,8918872,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,bad at video games,"The action this game provides is quite exquisite.  The turn on a dime in midair, booming and zooming through tight spaces while trying to lose 3 or 4 very angry dudes trying to destroy you.  When things fall into the right place (a decently populated server, you getting your groove on, things just exploding around you) this game will keep you on the edge of your seat.There are ""issues"".  Rather punishing learning curve for casuals is the only real issue to me, but ""getting"" this game is a rather beautiful thing.  Minor issues include poor server browser, text glitches, and different game formats could use some polish.   But when faced with the sheer potential this game has these issues shouldn't dissaude anyone from trying as the developers are invested to improving this game with free content updates and interaction with community."
76561197971706261,Recommended,246700,8919256,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Directorix,"Press Starfox, X-Wing, Tie-Fighter and Quake inside a compressor and the product will be Strike Vector. It's fun, it's fast and defenetely a recommendation for quick-battles in afternoon breaks."
,Recommended,246700,8922570,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,BAirborne,"Very nice, fast paced game.  I haven't played anything like it and have enjoyed every minute of it."
76561197966617123,Not Recommended,246700,9838088,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,LdBk` ShadowSong`,"I really wanted to like this game. It has a lot of potential, but unfortunalty it falls short. It could be updated and turned into a very good game, but at the moment it feels like its in beta. It doesn't feel rewarding to shoot down other players because the projectiles feel a bit odd. Rocket launcher is quite overpowered at the moment. Shoot in the general vicinity of a player and its probably going to kill them. One of my biggest gripes is the lack of config accesability. The game uses a slider bar for you mouse sensitivity. That just simply isn't acceptable. You can set the slider all the way down and still feel like your sensitivity is waaaay to high to accurately aim and I'm only using 800 dpi atm. It isn't obvious where the config folder and even after messing with some settings in multiple config folders it didn't appear to do anything. It's kind of a bummer. With some tweaks and more config accesibility this game could be good. Unfortunatly, with the almost dead servers and the game as it is now I cannot reccommend it. :("
,Recommended,246700,10875636,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SMFC[Let's Speak English],"Game ir rly hard to get use to but the better you get the more you like it, game needs much work to do to make better tutorials.First few days you will hate it, after you get little use to it you will start to like it."
,Not Recommended,246700,18089751,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,pengu,"Great game, unfortunately tiny to no playerbase at all."
,Not Recommended,246700,18019198,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,jarcionek,"Single player missions are very much race-like. Quickly fly through all the checkpoints without crashing. Checkpoints add extra 10 seconds to your timer – you start usually with 5-10 seconds at the beginning of the mission and mission fails if time runs out. Sometimes the checkpoint is locked until you destroy a few static targets, turrets or collect a few items. There is no unlockables, you have all weapons, passive buffs and special abilities available to fit however you wish. Mission usually takes less than a minute but you have to retry multiple times with different fittings before you finally succeed.In regards to multi-player - servers are all empty.It's the first game I've ever seen that offers neither single-player nor multi-player. Sad, because it would be a great game."
76561198192484749,Not Recommended,246700,16574213,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Big_D_McGee,Would be a somewhat decent game if ANYONE PLAYED IT!!!!!!
,Recommended,246700,16553489,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,✪ Fried -iwnl-,The best 3rd personal shooter I ever played. Need more players.
,Not Recommended,246700,16522411,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,MrFloatySanchez,"While it is a good game there is no playerbase at all. With a litle luck you may find a server but do not be surprised if the people on it are ""somwhat"" better then you..."
,Recommended,246700,16526845,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,NOOT NOOT (vegan),Fun but no one playes it.
,Not Recommended,246700,20184869,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Comrade,"Strike vector has a nice concept, but at the end of the day its not what I personally wanted it to be. Me and my friends all got this game when it first came out back when we all quit our flight sim MMOrpg and we hated it immediatly.Now I dont know if the winter sale has helped the population much, but I have tried to play multiple times since then and havent been able to find any poplulated matches to play."
,Not Recommended,246700,20268458,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,[1COG]Crazyforever4,Really good game! would Recommend it but it feels like it`s dying
76561197998876942,Not Recommended,246700,20236309,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Kalaster,"I want to recommend this game, i really do. its incredibly fast paced, steep learning curve, and incredibly fun. However, it heavily relies on its multiplayer to keep the game fresh and keep you coming back. However, after finishing the training, i bring up the server list to find a dozen servers, but every single one had a population of ZERO... I hear that there is a group that organizes meetups, but i can't be bothered to shift my schedule around just so i can play."
,Recommended,246700,19716374,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,nanx.,yes
76561197960574193,Recommended,246700,16638589,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,mdsmithson,Epic Game!
,Recommended,246700,14324215,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ChaosFred,"The game player base has been too low atm. So you might not find any peeps playing on public server. But if you manage to hook up some dedicated players....====Old review below====Do you love space flight combat? Or do you love TPS shooter stuffs? Try this one.If you often playing space combat like Strike Suit series, X wing, and such. The controls should be pretty familiar for youTips:- Always go to your options and set down the GRAPHICS option, especially the Anti-alias. This should help you to get off graphic lags on 16p or 32p map- Harrier = hover mode, jet mode is... jet mode- Play with stable fast pingI only wish this game has some kind of PvE or coop vs AI combat. Like taking down a boss ship or something like that.Btw, get this game while it is discounted. The normal price tag is too expenssive imo. But when you get it on the discount deal, the value would worth it."
,Not Recommended,246700,16485436,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ghouldude,Dead gaem
,Recommended,246700,13623995,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,CrispFunk,Fun game and looks nice. I'm just bad.
76561197988857678,Recommended,246700,13613363,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dose,"We need more players. its worth the coin. fly fast, blow enemy vector ships up with an arsenal of different guns, missles, and other items, Unlock them by leveling. Fun fun fun. All you hawken players get on the hype"
76561198064244481,Recommended,246700,13339593,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Maaya,"NO BODY PLAY IT CUZ IT IS REALLY REALLY HARD TO CONTROL AND FAST-PACED, I'VE TRIED MY BEST JUST NOT TO CRUSHBUT I STILL LOVE IT CUZ THE CONCEPT AND THE GRAPH OF THIS GAME IS SO COOL!"
,Recommended,246700,14787612,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SOS-団 | Elven Red,"I've been craving for this type of flying multiplayer battle game. It does not disappoint, but it is VERY hard to get used to."
76561198024624155,Recommended,246700,9947309,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Podunk Noname,"This game is beautiful! I would love to watch a bunch of people, who know what they are doing, play this game for a few minutes! I am not one of those people. I feel a bit dooped for buying this game. The controls are . . . well, you should probably use something that's not a mouse. That might help. Basically I don't like the game because I suck at it and no one plays it. If there were some mobs in there to fill out the field, maybe it wouldn't feel like a red♥♥♥♥♥beat down all the time. I get on, see all the servers, and see three to six people playing at a given time. I enter a match and it's clear that only one person playing knows what they are doing. I have some choices here. Option 1, I fly about, have no idea how to get a lock on a target, shoot and miss forever with every weapon while my opponents dodge about (or not), they toy with me, then destroy me. Option 2, I crash while tryign to escape. Option3, just crash because HIGHSPEED CLOSE QUARTERS FRANTIC COMBAT! Option 4, I could love getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥so much that I continue to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥until I can hold my own in a dogfight. Option5, ragequit and go play something else.I choose life! I choose OPTION5!Edit: I am changing this to a recomendation. I must admit, the game is well crafted and a good looker. I believe the controls are tight, though difficult to learn. My main beef is that there is nothing for a more casual player to train with, like a campaign versus bots or something. But, for those who like this sort of gameplay, I think this would be great. It's a futuristic dogfight flight sim. All PVP, no story that I found. Boom."
76561198062087271,Recommended,246700,14335095,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Marsman,"At first I hated this game... way too much. However, after playing this game for the first time I ragequit... and posted a bad review. Soon thereafter I decided to play again. it was then when I found my sensitivity was really low. I turned it up and suddenly it was insainly fun. at first when you fly at mach 3 you'll smash into objects non stop but after a while you will get the hang of it and zip through tight passage ways like a pro. My opinion if you dont like it at first increase the sensitivity and give it some time."
,Recommended,246700,14318313,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Dirty Dogg,Greatgame. A little infuriating.
76561198064401707,Recommended,246700,10670519,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ZacK,I played just a couple of minutes and I say - IT IS AWESOME! Everyone says that servers are empty. It is not thruth! You can check the amount of people on server too. It is loaded in two seconds and you feel a huge freedom!
76561198026192567,Not Recommended,246700,13745202,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Smooth like Sandpaper,Hard to control game that very few people play.
,Recommended,246700,13206201,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Wince,"One of the best hard core FPS/TPS reference available on the market imho.(And i'm not saying that like i not played tons of them since ""Wolfenstien"" the first ;)- Require lot of training, pratice and a high reactivity to enjoy and not to serial rage quit ;).- Adrenaline spikes and lot of fun guaranted when used to the maps and gampelay mechanics.- Game interest is mostly mutliplayer and really miss a more consistent solo campaign, available trials challenge are a bit cheap actually (dec/14) :/."
76561198050214732,Not Recommended,246700,14253453,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Qon,"This game is fantastic. Hard and fast paced 6DOF FPS action that requires skill. All gameplay affecting items like weapons, perks, weapon modifiers and abilities are unlocked from the start so no unfair advantage for anyone.The weapons feel satisfying, powerful and really rewards good aim.The flying is fast (and so is that wall coming towards you face, walls might even be more dangerous than pro players in the beginnning).Though if you are new to FPS games killing a skilled playere is not easy just because he doesn't have better gear and you will be dominated qompletely by the pros. If you are prone to rage quits and have no patience to to learn the game, this is not for you.Many say that the game is dead, but it's not! There's not a lot of players, but here in north europe I can almost always find a low ping server with a few players. Track population count here to see how many are playinghttp://steamcharts.com/app/246700As one of the top players I can say that the gameplay suffers in one area:Dodging is too easy in this game. Just press left right up down randomly in hover mode and double left - double right spam in jet mode and no one can hit you. This means that newbies are super easy to hit and die instantly because they don't dodge and pros dodge constantly so fights are really long and almost not worth it. But if a newbie spams their direction keys they will go from cannon fodder to invulnerable after minutes of practise. It's a bit annoying and unbalanced in this regard but it's not something major enough to warrant a negative score.So why can't I recommend this game then?The game is still getting updates,but not always for the better.Max fov was unlimited but was then reduced to 80 in hover mode for no reason! In a fast paced 6DOF FPS like this a high FOV is essential. Max fov in jet mode is higher than in hover mode but jet mode fov is also too low and the constant fov switching is very annoying. Before I bought this game I made sure that there were fov options that went high enough for me to be able to enjoy this game. I've tried to discuss this with the devs but they don't care. Maybe I could accept their unwillingness to increase the fov if it was like this from the start (and I could then have avoided buying the game) but making a great game worse on purpose is unacceptable.6DOF fans might also want to know that this game has a weak autorotate that is impossible to turn off and a radar that doesn't rotate with your body so you have to be ""right side up"" to be able to use it."
76561198079214708,Recommended,246700,14326829,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,spezzathegreat,Funny was had in this well built game! 8.5/10
76561198104796016,Recommended,246700,14327802,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Fish,its really fun and only £2 its a really good past time as soon as you have masterd the controlls
,Recommended,246700,14327823,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,surprise motherf*cker,hard to aim during boost but i guess it is how it should be... still.... it is one of the better jet game out there!
,Recommended,246700,14333116,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,phoy33,Really addicted game.
76561197999127523,Recommended,246700,14338122,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,TheTrakatranks,"This game is amazing ! The controls feels great once you get used to it ! The maps are gorgeous !BUT !... This game ABSOLUTELY needs a LAN mode !... and this is the only thing that this game lacks (and a community).Just an intuitive dedicated server system would be nice.Buy it, play it, love it ! :3"
76561198043847819,Not Recommended,246700,13729505,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ooga Booga,"This game looks neat and is really fun to play, but I'm giving it a thumbs down mainly because there is literally no community. This game, from what I've played so far, is solely an online game. That's alright, but there is only one server ever on in this game and it only has like 5-6 people on it at any one time."
,Recommended,246700,8892127,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Just Like a Metaphor,"Played the beta, it's a pretty fun pvp-arcade game. Flight is exhilarating and nicely free-form. Weapons still needed balancing in the last beta, but it does have nice options for those with good aim and those without, as well as a good variety of ship customizability. Good variety of well made maps.Strike Vector does have a progression system, but only for cosmetics (Ship parts, thumbnail art), so new players only  have the disadvantage of inexperience.While it is a good game, I wouldn't really say it's worth $25, so get it now during the promo or wait for another sale."
76561198059779495,Recommended,246700,8907201,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,chenghmong,"I've always loved flight sims and air combat.  However, I could never get into flight sim/air combat pvp because I'd always get owned,  the first to get tired of doing loops around each other looses.  This is the FIRST air combat pvp game I've played that I actually liked.  There are plenty of weapons and customization so that you can mostly play to your style.  And yes, you can stop in mid air if you get tired of doing loops like me.I like the graphics, the music, and wow it's a rush when you know what you're doing.  But what I wish would be implemented is a mission/story/boss mode because doing pvp all day every day is kinda 1 dimensional, which is why I got tired of hawken.  I guess another improvement they could make is to have bigger maps.  I mean it's huge, but you're so fast you can get from 1 end to the other in 10 seconds flat.  Also, there is no visible indicators showing where the edge of the map is, and so if you go past it, you automatically get turned around--kinda confusing when you're trying to outrun an enemy only to get bounced around by invisible walls.Other than that, I just gotta say BRAVO!  Love this game and hope to see more updates/improvements in the future with more weapons and ability options!"
76561197970923108,Not Recommended,246700,12930875,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Axos,"This game is very very fast paced (you'll fall off your chair at how fast it is) and is beautiful, the.......... sky-scapes (best word for it) are gorgous to look at so much so that at some point you'll set your ship to hover and just marvel at the view.I would recomend this game but due to a major flaw or two.Unfortunatly due to how fast this game is it makes shooting extremely difficult and trying to get a lock on other players (if there is other players, we'll get to that in a min) is even harder since their flying just as fast as you and using weapons that will either make you rage quit (as the button to quit says) or make you keep trying again and again with the weapons that were used to kill you and still get the same feeling that the game is very unbalanced.  Also the game is unbelievably hard for beginners.The other BIG problem is that there simply is no one online, I'll admit when I was playing there were people online but only on a game or two at once.  Unfortunatly the same can't be said now, the servers are simply dead, loads of maps listed but there is no one online and thats just it, the most fun from this game is shooting other players and without them this game might as well be put on the shelf because thats where its at right now.Oh, the single player is pure boredom, nothing to shoot, just race around and boring.My score - 7/10 (with players online)- 1/10 (without players online)"
76561197983684732,Not Recommended,246700,13074935,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,professor_x21,"This is one of those games where the pacing is too fast and hight lacking in complex automation for any player to effectively stay alive. If you like dying and trying to control situations that are happening faster than you can think, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,246700,12526542,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kannon,"This game is probably my favourite FPS released this year (and maybe in the last couple of years).It's a twitch shooter with a lot of classic elements that you don't find in modern shooters - projectile weapons, health pick ups, ability (and need) to go really fast and manevre a lot. Basically there's everything that I want from a shooter.Most of game modes are also equally classic - there's a team deathmatch, simple deathmatch and ctf.  This game is doing a really good job at scratching that ""old school"" itch for me.It also happens to look beautiful and has some really great levels.There's however a big problem with the game - it's just not popular enough and has a very small community. The skill level for entry is a bit too high for a mainstream user, it's too easy to crash into things or be wrecked by experienced pilot. It takes a few hours to learn but it alienates most people who just want to jump in.So this game is pretty much dead outside of steam sales. It does come to life during those periods though, if only for a week.I can recommend buying it, but only if you are willing to play it while the sale lasts and then just wait for the next sale."
,Recommended,246700,12528519,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,.PuNiShEr™,"The game is FAST!  Looks incredible, lots of players online, but the controls and game mechanics take a BIG effort to master, something which I have not yet achieved.  Not even close.  Has potential if you find the controls come naturally to you, if not then it's just for killing some boredom a couple of hours a week.  For the price (just over £2) I give this game 7.5/10."
,Recommended,246700,12530485,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Maestro Fénix,"Don't fear of buying this game just because there are too few people playing it, it really worth it!Feels like an arcade, but with an amazing detail to everything, and well balanced. You must try it."
,Recommended,246700,10622134,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Flakk,I haven't gotten adrenaline shakes by a game in so long. This game is insane! Quite a steep learning curve. Give it a couple of hours.Very varied levels. Gravity is amazing for the sheer randomness of it. Every obstacle and platform is moving and rotating around. The slightest touch of a wall at high speed and you explode.Dogfights in the tight levels are amazing for that fact. You might be chasing someone and you have to take care to not lose your target while dodging the obstacles the other player is trying to lose you behind. At the same time there might be someone else chasing YOU. Then suddenly your own target might be dropping a mine in a tight area (trying to make you follow) and you are forced to instantly stop and take a different route or explode in an instant. Or you might have to leave your easy 10hp prey to turn on a dime and attack your own attacker.♥♥♥♥♥♥s good yo.
,Recommended,246700,12198467,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Eltanin,"Now this is a game that severely needs players' attentions.Strike Vector is an extremely fun, fast-paced, multiplayer, action, dogfighting game between transforming aerial vehicles called Vectors. These Vectors have two modes, a Vector and a Harrier mode. While in Vector Mode, your vehicle's default mode, you can fly at extremely fast speeds allowing you to easily chase escaping targets or easily escape and outmaneuver an enemy if you so happen to be their target. While in Harrier Mode, your vehicle basically enters a hover mode allowing you to turn faster and aim easier. The downside with using the Harrier Mode is that while you can still strafe at a slow speed, you're basically a sitting duck, allowing other vectors to easily target you and take you down. Knowing when to switch modes is a key mechanic to master in this game in order to be successful; using Harrier Mode for example, while being chased, to quickly turn around and switch back to Vector Mode to try to outmaneuver your chaser is a pretty nifty trick to use once you get the hang of things.Player progression doesn't come from unlocking stronger weapons or loadouts as you level up, as per standard by other games. Instead, all of the weapons and equipment are already given to the players at the very start of the game; the only things you unlock as you level up are different cosmetic items to change to appearance of your Vector, unlockable art, etc. This makes the game a lot more skill-based as opposed to level-based, a design philosophy which I highly applaud.One may think that in order to play this properly, you're going to need a joystick. Well, to you I answer: Nope! Controlling your Vector is actually pretty easy and intuitive with the keyboard. There's your standard [W][A][S][D] keys for directions with [W] for forward/boost, [S] for backward/brakes, [A] for strafing left/rolling left and S for strafing/rolling right and transforming is done very easily with the [space] key. You move your camera around with your mouse and you also aim this way. You then shoot whichever weapons you have equipped with your left and right mouse buttons. That's it for the very basic controls and if you are somehow unhappy with the control scheme, don't worry; each key is rebindable.Now, I've been going on about controls and mechanics but is the game actually fun? To put it simply, HELL YEAH! and very much so. I've mentioned before about the game's fast pace and from the very moment you try it out, I'm sure you will feel it too. The Vectors move very rapidly especially in Vector Mode and this may make flying a bit difficult to those who aren't used to it yet resulting in many crashes/suicides. Don't be discouraged however as once you start to get the hang of things, flying in this game will start to become one of the most satisfying things to do, be it making those sharp corner-turns or threading the needle multiple times. Now add to that flying, multiple other vectors each with the intent to kill each other, a variety of gorgeous looking maps, the variety of different weapons and equipment you can equip on your vector and you've got yourself one adrenaline-pumping, ridiculously fun, multiplayer dogfighting game.I did mention at the very start of this review that this game needs attention. Why is that? Well, it's simply because unfortunately, not a lot of people play this game. Perhaps we can blame this to poor advertising or players simply being uninformed about this game's existence. Whatever the case, this is an extremely fun but overlooked game that clearly deserves more players than it currently does so play the game and help spread the word! :D"
,Recommended,246700,12391204,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Xboxmario,Really good game. shame not many people play it :(
76561197980062992,Recommended,246700,12518663,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Dogifer,This game is awsome. fast paced shooter with some customabilty. It's kinda like twisted metal but with space ships. community is somewhat small
76561198057395783,Recommended,246700,12519552,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,100PercentRecycled,What I like about this game is the overall feel of the universe it's in. Each map seems to have interesting tale to tell.
,Recommended,246700,12516240,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Shenanigandalf,"Let me first confirm all the noise about the Strike Vector community:It's dead. Which sucks.If it wasn't true at the time of the previous reviews, it sure is now.That said, the game itself is a fantastically well-crafted dogfighting game, one which - as a game designer myself - I feel very much inspired by. The level of effort put into making this game what it is, can only be a result of great passion by the developers, which I can respect.If only more of that effort had gone into advertising.Most of my friends have never heard of this game - even the flight sim addicts - and I only barely stumbled on it in during a sale. This is very sad, because this game deserves recognition.The flight controls are very responsive, and switching into hover mode for a surprise kill is extremely satisfying. The levels are well-designed (and often claustrophobic, in a good way), and the visuals are stunning, especially for an indie title. The sound effects are intense, and the explosion you make when you pilot your crashing vessel right into an enemy ship feels like revenge done right. Top that off with a simple-but-effective loadout system (albeit with a few unbalanced combinations), and you have a very solid space-shooter that just feels right.The main reason that I recommend this game (aside from the fantastic gameplay) is that the community is still salvageable on a smaller scale. It's on sale pretty often, so pick up a 4-pack or two, and get your friends in on it.The maps cap out at 16 for the most part, so turn it into a social thing with your gaming buddies.Great game, unfortunate example of the importance of advertising.8/10"
76561198049317457,Recommended,246700,11381631,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Taconite,Strike Vector is intense firefights and awesome. 'nuff said.
,Recommended,246700,11456694,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Evil Lizard,The walls are going to kill you more than the enemy team will.
,Recommended,246700,11444108,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,dispo haha,"Good, but servers are Completly empty"
,Recommended,246700,11279123,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Ducktor J,"Man I can't believe this game isn't popular. $12 for the best arcadey fighter jet game I've ever played. There's a nice variety of weapons although I see most people including myself using swarm missiles as a secondary weapon.But hands down what puts this game above the rest are the awesome controls and ship handling. So intuitive and fluid even for mouse and keyboard. Double tapping strafe to aileron roll really gives you the extra push to maneuver through tricky spots, which reminds me that the arenas are simple but well made and functional.I'd like to see this game go steam workshop for some star wars ships and arenas!"
76561198070667982,Not Recommended,246700,11308430,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Zathanial,"Controls are not very intuitive, would probably play better with a Flight Stick.  Also, who puts timers on tutorial levels? Thats dumb as hell considering your player is new to the game and the tutorial is the best place to get them aclimated to the game.  This made me not want to play and learn as I kept dieing and had to start over. Maybe in the future when I have patience I will finish the tutorial and actually play this game more but that timer is a huge detractor."
,Recommended,246700,11330839,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Vincremental,"Finally, a challenging game that's not for the faint hearted. If you love Quake3 and flight sims, this game's perfect for you."
76561198067149914,Recommended,246700,11160671,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,DRabbit,Really fun game.
76561198091222029,Recommended,246700,9122167,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,menghuan,NICE
,Recommended,246700,26946923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,raraRiley,I love skill based PvP games...It's just such a shame that the game has no players :(
,Not Recommended,246700,25668105,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,omony,"Cool flying. Great arts and level design. Nobody at servers. So if you are not going to play this game with friends, there is nothing to catch here."
,Recommended,246700,24363634,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Roadfire ⑨,"It's fun, but the game is dead."
,Recommended,246700,15014374,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Kaliraa,"Excellent, quick-paced aerial combat sim with a shallow learning curve."
76561198021783630,Recommended,246700,15111340,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Meme-Thief,"absolutely wonderful game, snappy controls and quick movement. incredibly high skill ceiling and a variety of weapons to choose from though unfortunately the multiplayer has completely died since I last played this. WE NEED MORE PLAYERS! maybe the devs can organise a free weekend of this or something to re-vitalise the playerbase?"
,Recommended,246700,14336630,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Yuan,why no player on this game
,Recommended,246700,10537762,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Lewis,"One thing. The Rocket Launchers (just like in every UT and Quake game. :D) Are freakin' OP. I find myself all the time killing people with it and getting killed by it. :DUse it with the healing perk and you've got yourself the OP-est Vector ever.I recommend this game to play with friends, NOT ALONE. Really it sucks. Matches are likely to be unevenly matched, one side is the complete noob team, the other side is more experienced.Overall it's an awesome game, I like it. Fast-paced, tryharders are obviously in the game by the dozens :D, Highly customizable Vector, 3 preset loadout you can create, Rocket Launchers, lotsa explosions, awesome graphics!! and the priceless feel when you shoot someone down from the sky."
76561198171589226,Not Recommended,246700,21019668,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,irjohnson,"Looks great and brilliant fun to play, but only if you can find somebdoy to play against, which you can't as this game has been abandoned by the developers and the gameplaying audience.No single player campaign, so, unfortunately, it is useless.A real shame."
76561198053766515,Recommended,246700,21933957,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jimothy126,"Bought the game, Played the game, Said to my friend, "" Dude, this isnt so hard"", I died milliseconds after saying that.There really isn't a better sci-fi dogfighting game other than this one. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the dogfighting genre."
,Recommended,246700,19904168,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,3doknite,"It is like Unreal Tournament in space, so if you like Unreal - you should definitely check this one out! Flight system is totally chic, fun and easy to maneuver (I think this game is better than all these world of warplanes)and I also really like customization system. But unfortunately the servers sometimes are empty..."
,Not Recommended,246700,20281225,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,revengetheoryoftheboomerang,no idea..weird game mechanics
,Recommended,246700,19928751,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Viper Romani,"Tried it wasn't really brought in the gamesadly it doesn't really offer mucha few weapons.,.. a few optional partsNot to mention seems like after a while when a player or two.. when there are anythey tend too get tired of being blown up theyturn on a CE or whateverseems like they can take out more than 2 people at the same time with a plasma gun when they're far apartthat's some splash damage.. high damage output one shot.. yeahno i will not be playing this game again going to request a refund"
76561198033973661,Recommended,246700,20122805,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Colonel Bobfred Cosfortingham,"Ragequit set out to make an aerial combat game, and they set out to do it right.So much effort has been put in to this fantastic masterpiece. All the controls are there for anything you could possibly want to do, everything is perfectly balanced, and the game itself looks beautiful.Everything gets a Yes from me. I've not encountered a single thing that irks me; not even the fact that the playerbase is small - Everyone playing this is a dedicated player, and they're all very nice people.I've had no trouble getting into a match thus far.Granted, there's only ever one match going on at a time, but that's no problem."
76561198042765477,Not Recommended,246700,11929655,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Etaenryu,"Excellent game, but low-ish population.  Only thing i dont like about it is that it doesnt support joystick, but its still greatEdit: It's completely dead. Nobody is online, at all."
,Recommended,246700,24412196,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,philliefan,"This game is sick. Even though nobody plays it, that makes it even better. If you got a group of friends to all buy the game, you could easily have 50+ hours of fun together."
,Recommended,246700,23635487,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Zantharan,A really satisfying game about dogfighting. I wish the playerbase was still active. I wouldn't buy this game since there are no bots.
,Recommended,246700,23711472,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,DiggerNick,"Extremely entertaining game. I look back at the time where the games were actually filled with players, the game was exciting, fast and damn fun. Whyever it is, there is about 1 player online everytime I pop in.. Please add AI/Npcs that fill up the empty ranks! Would be so great"
76561198012593840,Recommended,246700,24098756,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Tryptic,"I've been looking for games to use for a LAN party or a group of people who normally play other games.  This fits the bill perfectly: it's easy to get into, but has a high skill ceiling.  An excellent pick-up game.If you don't have your own group to play with, you have to get online at the right time to find people.  Don't let that hold you back though: the game is absolutely worth it for $12."
,Not Recommended,246700,19706991,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,PpfBoi7074,"Nice Game.But dead servers. Nothing to play, finished the game in 2 hrs. DONT GET THIS GAME."
76561198206931179,Recommended,246700,23849404,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,KINGOFTHEPIRATES,"i've been a fan of flying games ever since starfox64. although this game is much different, i still love it. if you have any interest in it at all then grab it on sale. or split the multiple copy with your friends because although the player base is getting better it would be great to have more playersXD. see you in the skies!"
76561198009392325,Recommended,246700,14343078,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Laevateinn,"Cliff-like learning curve, but does an incredible job of conveying a sense of going fast. Extremely unique gameplay. Looks great for having such a small team. A truly three-dimensional game with incredible freedom of movement and speed.If you're reading the negative reviews, a lot of what they say about gameplay is wrong once you've played for a few hours.The main key to this game is figuring out out that you can corner instantly by switching into harrier mode, turning towards where you want to go, and switching back into jet mode. You can do a 180 and be going the same speed in the opposite direction in about a second once you have it down. In most situations there's no reason to not be boosting when in jet mode. In addition, if you're about to hit a wall, you can switch into harrier mode to avoid death, unless you were extremely close. Hitting walls in jet mode will usually kill you instantly; hitting walls in harrier mode does no damage.The second key is being able to fly at breakneck speed through small spaces in jet mode without killing yourself. That seems incredibly difficult at first, but it's something you'll get used to. It's not as hard as it seems.Homing weapons are situationally useful, but due to how missile dodging works, using homing missiles to fight a veteran who's paying attention to you is pretty much the same as being unarmed. Everyone is going real fast and your weapons don't lock on, but the hitboxes are surprisingly permissive, and if you really still can't hit anything there's a hitscan shotgun. It's more difficult than other shooters. You'll just have to get better.You'll spend at least your first two hours of so flying into walls, but it's an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,246700,9018324,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,NEhTagHa,"This game is confusing and laggy, so I haven't really had an opportunity to experience it properly. So... I'm just going to say that it's ok."
,Not Recommended,246700,11610713,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Partymancer,"yes, yes, and yes.I've played 10 minutes and I'm sold.It's like starfox snorted copious lines of coke off Slippy's♥♥♥♥♥and jumped into an arwing built by the Dukes of hazzard.Update: Abandoned.  developer has moved onto greener (more console-y pastures)"
76561198042161327,Recommended,246700,14683764,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sir Pancake III,"This is one of my favorite multiplayer games. The fast paced combat, the learning curve, the mobility, everything. Just wish people would play it more due to the games player base stopped playing about a month after release."
76561198184080333,Not Recommended,246700,20402373,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,B̵̹̲ͤͩ̌ͤͪͯͪ̇ͭ͐̌̌̀̚͝j͐͑̈҉ør̐n̔͋,no one plays it = RIP Online
76561198063271864,Recommended,246700,33707711,Posted: 21 July,all,PoisonPill85,"I love this game, but the player base is thin.Check out the steam group StrikeVectorMeetups, these guys are keeping the game alive.Meetups happen for US, EU, and Japan at the following times:JP - 9 PM Tokyo Time (UTC +9) on Saturdays.EU - 7 PM London Time (UTC) on Saturdays.US - 7 PM Central Standard Time (UTC -6) on Saturdays."
76561198154145919,Recommended,246700,33723326,Posted: 22 July,all,Nathan Explosion,I was late to the party still had a good time though. Sad there's no population.
,Not Recommended,246700,9051043,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,tfcportista,"Yup, I'm done defending these developers. I gave this game a thumbs up when it first came out. It's a great game, don't get me wrong, but the developers don't seem to care about their customers and have zero common/business sense.First they give us a game that was to overpriced for a niche, online only, difficult game. So a lot of the players left when they found it to hard and eventually the population was ridiculously small. Finally, the game just died. Completely dead for about 2-3 years. Noone was playing the game. We we're basically used as beta testers.Then, these guys made a new Strike vector ex. Which is essentially the same freaking game + Campaign. Infact, the game has been kinda dumbed down because you can no longer equip 2 different type of weapons and it controls slightly differently. Aparet from that, same maps, same ships, etc etc. They tell the existing players that if we buy the game again, we'll get 50%. We'll thats great! Tell me why I should pay for the exact same game to be dead again? Go look at the servers, today's peak was 59, already dropping. It's already basically dead at the ps4. This game will suffer the same fate.The developers were so caught up with their ""anti free to play"" crap ( even mocking f2p within the game ) that they would rather have nobody play, instead of f2p. After going 2 years without anybody playing, they should've just made it f2p and just hope to sell ships, cosmetics etc instead. Not saying it would've saved them, but at least theirs a chance that people will actually play."
76561198256722981,Not Recommended,246700,35431013,Posted: 2 October,all,Ol' bin chicken,boringbuy EX its better
