user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,246760,16900724,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MtnSloth,"[Main campaign complete - the original review will be left ""as is"" with updated comments in brackets. The original review was written between a quarter and one third of the way into the campaign.]In my opinion, Legends of Eisenwald is first and foremost a turn-based squad level tactical combat game with a character development system that is focused almost exclusively on combat. The game ships with a campaign that tells a single story from the point of view of one of three possible protagonists. Your character will level and you do get to choose how your character develops in terms of the game's combat mechanics, but that is pretty much it. There are no game mechanics to provide any real character depth; and the story is very linear. NPCs with any real character are few and far between. The members of your army (really just a squad) are interchangeable generic constructs. I don't know why the devs even bothered to give them names. Thus (and there will be more below), I don't see how one can think this is an RPG in any way.I am going to judge this game largely on the merits of the default campaign as that is what one experiences as neither of the two items in the Steam Workshop (7/5/2015) speak to me. The game's fundamental combat mechanics are easy to grasp, but there is plenty of depth. This is not unfamiliar territory if one has played game franchises like Heroes of Might and Magic or Warlords. Just know that Legends of Eisenwald is not a rip-off of those other games; it is its own game. Overall, I have no complaints with the combat mechanics or the skill tree for the knight. The tactical combat is the game's strength; and, if that is enough for you, then you may enjoy this game. However, the game's liabilities are significant enough that I can't recommend the game in its current form.[There is an a scenario in the Steam Workshop that looks interesting]Points to get out of the way early:Use descriptive names for your saved game files as you are probably going to need them. I know I've done a fair bit of backtracking, and I wouldn't have been able to do so as easily with the default saved game file names.Wrap-up side quests before completing the main quest(s) in each chapter. If you don't have good save game files, there is no going back to previous zones to complete a side quest once you finish a chapter. Obviously, if you use a saved game to go back and complete a side quest, you are going to be forced to replay the chapter ending event(s). For me this is a relatively minor annoyance, but that may not be how others feel.The journal and notes system does not allow you to refer back to previous chapters as far as I can tell. There are two problems here. First, there is information that one would like to refer to from previous chapters. Second, the quest and journal system does not capture all the dialog that it should to eliminate the need for a custom note feature (which does not exist in this game). Thus, one has to use another application outside the game for taking notes. Alt-Tab or play in a windowed mode; or posses perfect recall!There is too little documentation for the game. Yes. The devs did post a useful User Guide and a series of intro videos. However, this is not what I mean by documentation. There should at least be a text file that systematically lists and describes all skills, equipment modifiers, etc. There isn't one. For example, there are branching skill trees for NPCs, but there is no right-click or mouse-over to explain what they they are and you can't look ahead in the skill trees to know which one seems the most interesting to you. Thus, one is forced to save the game. Try one option, and read what it does. Then you load the save game, select the other option, and read what it does. The same is true with equipment with special characteristics. Want to know if a ""rugged"" helmet is worth the hit to initiative? Save game. Buy item. Equip item. See what it does (sometime it is still not clear what an object does). This is the opposite of fun - it is tedious and boring; and it is a waste of my time.Speaking of tedious and boring, there are quest objectives that require one to hit just the right spot in order to trigger a necessary event. Now I don't mind this much when there is the occasional quest that involves discovering something that should be hard to find. However, it is another matter when it comes to obvious things or when it occurs too frequently; it is maddening when one is well aware that one is wasting time trying to find the correct pixel to stand on for an event to fire. Once again, this is tedious and boring; and it is a waste of my time. Worse, it takes one right out of the story . . . and there is too little of that as it is. Yes. I would dispute that the campaign is ""story rich"". With almost every quest I am left wanting more story.[The maddening ""find the pixel to stand on"" theme does not exist in later chapters (and is limited to two instances in the early chapters), and is replaced with a slightly less annoying mechanic. Specifically, one has to hit a series of waypoints in the correct sequence. I found this annoying because I had gone off and done some exploring and grabbed some castles in advance of the story line. Thus, I had a pretty good idea where I was supposed to go in the quests; but I still had to follow the sequence of waypoints nonetheless.]Legends of Eisenwald has an interesting story to tell, but there are few opportunities for role playing and most of those opportunities are ruined by the story. Specifically, circumstances will dictate your options and your actions. One is given few real choices as the story unfolds; and there is little point in attempting to role play as, more often than not, you will be railroaded into only one course of action no matter what you do. Your only real choice is how you develop your combat skills. Thus, Legends of Eisenwald has a story to tell; but it is not your story. You are merely a puppet. In some regards, this is a very medieval point of view; and, if this was a conscious decision on the part of the devs, then they have succeeded in conveying that world view.[By the end game I was on rails; no choices at all.]There are major missed opportunities with the campaign from both a reward and historical perspective. There was an opportunity to better distinguish between true followers, feudal levies and mercenaries - particular in terms of the transition between chapters; but the opportunity is squandered. Also, a player might expect to be rewarded by being able to carry gains forward from one chapter to the next, but this is an expectation that has not been met in my game. This may be down to a lack of skill tree depth for NPCs or perhaps it is a necessary concession to play balance. In any event, there will be unexplained losses of inventory and members of your squad between some chapters - the game doesn't even offer a simple dialog box with a plausible story for the losses. One is left to make-up one's own story to explain what came through and what did not between chapters.I am at that point in the game where I am deciding if I am going to continue playing Legends of Eisenwald. I've completed several chapters; and, if the pattern holds for subsequent chapters, I think I know what to expect; and there is not enough on offer to justify taking significant time away from other games. I've done a little back tracking through my save game files to see if I can see where things might have gone differently, and I'm fairly certain that I've not missed anything obvious. Too bad. I'll monitor future release notes in the hope that better things are to come . . . as, to this point, I definitely feel like I paid too much for the experience currently on offer. That said, I suspect I'll keep chipping away at the campaign as I do enjoy the tactical combat portion of the game."
76561198030785140,Recommended,246760,21309524,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,paulbstarner,"I watched Legends of Eisenwald (LoE) as it made its way through early access. I liked the graphics and I loved the Middle Ages feudal setting. I put it on my Wishlist and when it went on sale I bought it.My first play, however, didn't quite go as expected. It wasn't that I disliked it. It was just that I had a bit of trouble understanding some of the game concepts. I stopped play after an hour or two and moved on to other things. About a month later I decided to try LoE again, but not before I watched some gameplays on YouTube. There I learned about right-clicking and stopping time. Right clicking on my troops allowed me to study their specific attributes, blessings, curses, etc. Stopping time limited the characters on the world map to move only when my army moved. Those two simple things completely turned the game around for me.I'm sure glad I gave it a second chance. I believe that I've invested 60+ hours in it so far and I know that this game is one of my all-time favorites. (For the record, Number 1 on my list is the Heroes of Might & Magic series 1-7, and number 2 is the Spellforce series 1-2.) This game is unique, but has a number of elements, especially combat, which reminds me of the Disciples series (another favorite).Some might complain about the amount of text, but I really believe that the developers went out of their way to make an interesting story. My only small complaints are the vague information provided for a number of quests and the re-use of the same face for multiple characters.Anyway, a long review, but I HIGHLY recommend this game. If you enjoy turn-based strategy, the Middle Ages, and think that you might like taking a castle by force, collecting money from your serfs, and building up a strong army to take out your enemies, pick-up LoE."
76561197971640510,Recommended,246760,16952466,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Huggles `,"If one of those bigger budget game companies released a game as well written and storied as this, they would get full 100% reviews lauding them as the new ""planescape torment"". It's really that good. Even moderately good recent RPGS like Divinity, Wastelands2 etc, haven't on staff any writer even half as talented as whoever wrote this game and its characters.This is one of those rare gems so full of style, atmosphere, character, story... This is exactly what gaming really needs. The more you play it, the more it reveals itself to you as a deep setting, with a rich story and very deep characters that any other developer would envy.At first I thought negatively of this game because of it's enormously lackluster combat mechanics. Yes, they are really simplistic and bad, forcing the same kind of repetitive mindless grind every single time. But this game is so much more."
76561198013953837,Recommended,246760,18945472,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,TheTouchOfGod,"Well...at first sight, i thought that i made a mistake by bying this game. Combat looked to simple, story telling in messages dull. But wow, have i been ever more wrong! This game is awesome! Awesome story, might be a bit linear, but hell its a decent story! The dude who wrote the script should do more of those. Becouse each stage of game have more of the lore than HOMM during the whole game lately. The graphics is realy pleasing the eye. Devs did a great job. Hope we will hear from them more. Becouse im definetely looking forward for any other project from theese guys.  Good job. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,246760,16883635,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Heliocentrist,"A mix of King's Bounty and Disciples set in (more or less) medieval Germany.The first impression can be somewhat off-putting, because the graphics and animations look simple and feel outdated for at least 5 years. Nevertheless, once you get past it and get into your first quests, the engine doesn't really matter anymore.   After the tutorial map the story picks up quickly and the first full size campaign map is very entertaining.If you enjoyed Disciples, HOMM or King's Bounty, and you don't mind simple graphics, I would definitely recommend this game.Bonus points for including an excellent Belarusian translation!"
,Recommended,246760,7359684,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Deathstar,"You and your trusted companion set out to visit an old friend of your family's, but during your stay trouble stirs in your homesteads. You return to your lands only to find your former vassals at war with each other, bandits ravaging the lands and strange pagan cults arising.Legends of Eisenwald promises a fresh new look at old-school RPG and turn based strategy glory, long forgotten in today's big releases. You are to assemble a team of capable warriors, healers and priests, manage their equipment and upgrades and lead them to victory against the many foes now scattered throughout the lands. You go through various chapters of the main story, all taking place in different areas, most of which pretty darn big. Lots of castles, villages and taverns bid you welcome and offer mercenaries or information, ruins and bandit hideouts offer their ill-gotten gains to whoever is brave enough to demand them back.For most of the game, you will be controlling your personal army of 12 soldiers (at max.), following the main quest. This alone will allow you to go down different paths, with a little bit of open-world feeling thrown into the mix. When returning to your old vassals, they will ask you to deal with their respective neighbours for them, and it is up to you who to side with. Apart from following the story, a healthy number of sidequests will beg for your attention. Some may offer unique treasure, others might get you a valuable companion. If you played Mount & Blade, the campaign-map will feel very familiar. Each army is represented only by one token character and the time goes by in a flash (adjustable).If you meet with a hostile army or enter an enemy settlement, battle will commence. Here is where the turn based strategy part advertised by the game comes into play. It is your task to organise your soldiers on a field of hexagons, with melee characters in front and support in the back. Based on every character's initiative-value, they all take turns going at each other. Some units have special abilities, some may buff your troops or curse the enemy.Combat is done well enough, though hardcore-fans of the days gone by might find it lacking in depth. Apart from different stats and abilities, your equipment plays only a minor role and will not even change the physical appearenace of your soldiers. Upgrading them feels like a somewhat sterile and uninteresting process. Quests are generally very straight-forward and come with exact map-markers, so friends of complex storylines might not get their money's worth here either.One major problem with the game: It is still in development, as the Early Access tag suggests. I experienced a lot of crashes and graphical glitches that have yet to be fixed.Eisenwald has an interesting setting. The music is atmospheric and the aesthetics are fitting. Also, work on your pronounciation-skills for German words, as ""Eisenwald"" is only one of many.Is Eisenwald worth buying? Maybe not so much at this point, but at the very least it is worth to keep an eye on it. If you want your nostalgia-nerve tickled, this might just be the thing for you."
76561198013203874,Recommended,246760,12487105,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Lamorah,"First of all there are many negative reviews due to misrepresentation of the game by developer. Most people assumed that this game is an old school RPG game (as it is announced) and judged accordingly. If you want to categorize a game like this it simply falls somewhere between the Heroes series and Disciples series.I don’t usually write any reviews on games but in my opinion this one is particularly wronged by too many people. The early access version is 6-8 hours long to beat on first playthrough but there are people who played it like 40-50 hours and then disliked it on so many levels which is odd.At this stage this game deserves at least a 7 out of 10.Pros:-Good graphics-High quality sound and music-Good controls and camera mechanics-Simple yet sufficient tutorial as a part of the campaign-Good story telling-Manageable army and battlefield size-Simple yet fun to play battles.-Good blend of side quests-Challenging AI both in strategy map and battlesCons:-Some bugs and crashes which may hopefully be fixed before full release-Quest tracking is very unclear, some won't update as you progress, you have to read through the quest that you are on several times before you can figure out what to do.-Throws you in too deep and leaves you in the dark too soon.-Camera can’t be unlocked in strategy map (always fixed on your party)-no minimap (going between the map and strategy map is tiresome at some point)-very slow levelling-Lack of restart level option (VERY important to have.)Overall most of the cons are agreed upon by too many people but most of them can be fixed, polished or added before the full release of this game. As far as I can track the developer team is highly interested in what people think of their game and active on the Forums. So I believe that they can release a way better final product at the end."
76561198013488778,Recommended,246760,17168984,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,sensible_citizen,"Every dedicated gamer will understand this feeling- Your getting bored, you've played too many games recently and none of them seem to provide that deep gaming feeling of excitement, achievement and cheerful contentment and satisfaction that games provided you with in the past. Then along comes a game that reinvigorates you all over again, makes you sit up excitedly, totaly engages you in it's world , story and characters, and fully restores your faith in gaming as the ultimate escapism.Legends of Eisenwald is that game.After many hours of play the one thing that stood out for me was the writing, it's excellent. The low fantasy type story reeled me in and held me in it's grasp right from the beggining. Many games stories are judged in the first few hours of play so it's critical the player is kept interested. How many games have tried and failed at this test in the past ?, hundreds?. LoE, however, has no such worries. Without revealing too much on the story, as others have done in previous reviews below, it's safe to say that LoE is an excellent and believable knight errant type story set in medieval Germany. No voice acting opens the players imagination more and i honestly feel it's the best writing in a game i've had the pleasure to read for a long long time, it's the games crowning achievement .The turn based combat , character leveling up, game economy, items etc is deep and addictive. You can spend a long time purchasing the right armour, weapons, medallions, rings and potions etc and just as much time balancing it all between your team of soldiers, archers, monks and healers to ensure success in battle.I cannot add more than others have already said about this game other than it's one of the best RPG's i've played in a while. It's totally engrossing, a diamond in the rough, a gem of a game i sincerely recommend to the discerning gamer.Another positive is the effort made by the developer to engage the players to guarantee an enjoyable experience. I don't remember seeing a problem that wasn't fixed speedily or a forum post or comment that wasn't replied to by the developer. The input from Aterdux from day one of development right up to now has been nothing short of tremendous."
,Recommended,246760,23548166,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,DreadApostle,"Okay.. phwoa!!... long game. Just finished it - in at around 100 hours - Final Fantasy eat your heart out. A few late nights let me tell you. I feel that this game deserves the time and effort for me to write at least something about it and how I felt about it even if to just say it was a good game. But I will do more because I felt this game really was something special and I have derived so much enjoyment from it that it is the least I could do.I bought this game on sale for a few pennies (I can't remember now but I think it was for under $5) and didn't really have too high hopes for it considering its price and look but was then completely overturned in my opinion by what is essentially a really great game that in no wise is properly represented by its appearance. DON'T judge a book by its cover! Boy, don't judge this book by its cover, it is a great game for what its worth.  I think this game goes for around $20 more or less on steam and that is about the right price for this game. You won't regret parting with that hard earned cash. If you see this game for anything less than $10 buy it straight away, don't hesitate, you won't regret it. You might ask if it is such a great game why is it only worth $20 dollars? Well that is what I will attempt to explain.Although I did derive a lot of joy and pleasure from this game, it still very much feels like an Indie production, which is exactly what it is. A beautiful and well done Indie production but an Indie production none the less. There are a host of issues which will remind you of that time and again but they are heavily outweighed by the things that the game gets SO right. Like the loot, merchant and trade system which I guarantee will be the end of you. These guys have got it so spot on that its just scary how much time you'll be spending tweaking your characters inventories and travelling the four corners of the globe in search for new places of trading. Certain hero's you defeat will drop unique items that you will be on the verge of crying over whether you want to sell them for their insane item values or keep them and derive the benefit from them that few items will be able to match or you will need an assortment of items to do what a single unique or rare item can do freeing up those super valuable item slots. yep... thats the one.You'll be doing a lot of fighting and some can be pretty intense and take up quite a bit of time so you won't be missing out on anything there. The battle system is a little different from what you may be expecting but just accept things for as they are and get on with it. Sure I felt as if some of the things in the combat area are a little counter intuitive, such as not being able to move your guys where you want and not being able to attack whoever you want but don't let that stop you from enjoying the game as a whole. This game is an experience but the game isn't designed around just combat. It is designed around a story, and it is the story that is the main hero of this game. The combat is just there to spice things up... and provide you with loot to sell to buy stuff at the merchants and traders... WARNING, get those sick day excuses ready cos you are going to need a few with some of the late nights you are going to be putting in.The leveling up system feels right but is severly let down by the fact that you have to retrain your troops at the beginning of every chapter - 8 chapters I think - so all of that hard work to level up your characters (barring your main character) and tweaking their equipment and shopping around to get the best stuff will all be in vain by the end of the chapter as you will be stripped of all of your sellable equipment and all your troops. You will be forced to start from scratch all over again (very small but significant exeptions) at the beginning of the next chapter and collect all of your equipment - AGAIN - and level up all of your guys - AGAIN - but as dissapointing as that sounds, it is actually worse. You will continuously be at a compounding disadvantage as you will have to start with raw recruits each time and although that might not be too much of a problem in the first, second or third chapters, buy the time you are well progressed into the game you will need to start with raw recruits going up against enemies that are more matched to your main character who has advanced significantly by this stage.The sounds, music and graphics are all very beautful. There is no voice acting, all dialogue is written so get used to doing a bit of reading. The story is generally pretty good with very few 'cringe' moments that you might expect from japanese rpg's but the underlying theme of the storyline is quite mature and developed and centres around choice, consequence, belief and ego. The character models are not redrawn for each character in the game but are simply taken from a dozen or so stock character models, given different outfits and then regurgitated as different characters in the game so don't be surprised when Joe Blogs from the smithy looks a lot like the Duke from the castle with just a different hat. Thats because that's all it is, just a different hat, different name and different stats. See... told you I'd explain why its only a $20 game and not a $40+ game. One particularly annoying trait is the lack of sideward camera scrolling. The view is centred on your character and although you can rotate the angle and direction you cannot move the camera off of your character which means you are forced to constantly give them move orders to the edge of the screen, wait till they get there, give them the order again and keep repeating this untill they arrive at their destination which could be a world away. Fun I know. Then there are the bugs which unfortunately can become very frustrating.Do these things really make the game bad? No, they don't. The GAME is great despite these flaws but they are a reminder that you are not playing a big publishing house A+++ title. Thats what I was saying before about it being on the mark for its price. If I had payed top dollar for this game then these issues would have surely offended me but I can overlook them considering the value I believe I am getting for the game and the enjoyment and play length that it offers.In conclusion the game is great. Great story, great graphics, great sense of character progression and most importantly, great fun. It offers countless reminders of its indie roots but these should be kept in perspective of the price you are paying and the quality and quantity of enjoyment you derive from the game. There are always gonna be people who can't keep the reality in focus and are going to dwell on the negative despite ALL of the positive that the game offers. But thats the story of the world really. Final verdict... 7.5 out of 10. Excellent score all things considered."
76561198006391828,Recommended,246760,29805545,Posted: 9 February,all,jmacjmac006,"I oringally bought the game in early access. I played it, saw that it had good potential and decided to wait until it was finished with some updates. I am a guy who likes finished polished products and that is what the game now is...So you'll be seeing my hours rise as I deep dive back into the game.I want to say that I truly am perplexed by the mixed reviews. I've been a strategy, simulation and tactical combat guy for 25 years. I honestly am not sure if some of these other reviewers know the difference between rpg elements and tactical squad based combat and so on and so forth.I try not to repeat anything you already know, you can read what the games about on the store page.What i think best for a review here is to give you refernces within the genre and let you decide if that is what you are in the mode for...so here goes.This is a fresh take on an old school popular genre where it has elements of adventure, rpg, squad based tactical combat and a little resource management in relation to income, outgo, spending on troops and equipment and potential maintence of those troops.You will like this game if you enjoyed:Heros of might and magic ( mixes adventure and story into the map like this title with combat similiair but a lil diff)Battle brothers (like in this title manage your money and expenses or go broke and into ruin)Expeditions Conquistador ( EC does have much deeper characters but the storyline of LoE just does it differently focusing on the main character vs the party)So in conclusion if you want to enjoy a fresh story from a setting very few other games touch that combines elements of adventure, tactical combat and some minor income/outgo finanicial management this is the game for you.I do recommend the game as fans of the genre or of any of the above mentioned games will enjoy it. I really do not think the mixed reviews are fair as the reviews are focused to much on what the game isn't ( no game is anyones ideal) vs what it actually is and what it does correctly that it set out to do. This dev team took a lot of time to make a quality product and it deserves to the recognition of that accomplishment."
,Recommended,246760,32450916,Posted: 15 June,all,toth_psyche,"It pains me to see that such a great game only has ‘mostly positive’ reviews, whereas, in my opinion, it should have actually been ‘very/overwhelmingly’ instead of ‘mostly’. It is definitely one of my favorite games; in fact, it made my summer last year. I’ve played through it three times (including all the DLCs), twice here on Steam and once elsewhere, and I’m sure I’ll replay it at least for the fourth time.This game is by the way the first modern RPG I’ve played, and it has also – apart from being a gorgeous experience itself – managed to draw me to the genre (I’ve always preferred playing pure adventure games and eventually strategies) and discover several other awesome games. But this one is going to remain my incomparable first love forever. :) At first I was a bit hesitant about playing it, as some reviews claimed it be too hard/confusing etc., but I cannot agree here. Once I got used to the mechanics, it was a sheer joy to play. At times, ‘Legends of Eisenwald’ can indeed be hard, especially considering your finances at the very beginning and certain fights, but I – almost utterly inexperienced in playing RPGs as I was back then – didn’t find it frustratingly tough. I think it was hard to a very reasonable degree, and I kept on feeling rewarded by the narrative through the whole game.The title fits the game perfectly. Legends are the shimmering subtle fabric the imaginary world of Eisenwald is made of. They can be heard literally everywhere and in great numbers; most of them are connected to some major or minor quest, but there are also those that just add to the whole Romantic atmosphere. I’m using the word ‘Romantic’ in the terminological rather than in the trivial sense, as ‘Legends of Eisenwald’ give the impression of having been influenced, whether directly or indirectly, by the literary fairytale of the German Romanticism and the general Romantic fascination with the Middle Ages and national mythopoetic tradition. The game writer(s)’(s) imagination is endlessly rich and inventive, and the way individual legends are woven into the larger narrative is just fascinating. I felt as delighted as a child reading a thick book of old fairytales. It was like reading E. T. A. Hoffmann as a 6-year-old for the first time. (I’m not comparing the respective literary skills here of course, just trying to express my own impressions.)Curiously enough, I found the quests dealing with some supernatural power (taken from the German folklore or stylized as such) to be the most interesting, – although the game in many regards tries to be ‘realistic’. Well, the Erl-King, lost spirits and so on aren’t precisely realistic, but they are very authentic instead, which is much more important I think. It is not history but poetry.The storyline – both the main one and the multiple side ones – is thus definitely the best what ‘Legends of Eisenwald’ have to offer. Its structure and the pace at which it unfolds are outstanding.  It gives you the feel of a real adventure which in fact would do credit to any adventure game as well. I would therefore absolutely recommend the game to anyone who enjoys a good story, adventures, fairytales and medieval themes.As for the combat, I found it quite entertaining and challenging enough. Some players have complained about it being ‘unrealistic’, but I don’t think it actually has to be realistic. I am strongly convinced that a certain degree of conventionality (apart from the technically inevitable of course) cannot harm a good game; moreover, sometimes it’s even desirable. It doesn’t ruin the immersion, often quite on the contrary: I think a game is truly immersive when it follows its own deliberate logic and rules, which is precisely the case with ‘Legends of Eisenwald’. I think I read an interview with one of the developers last year, where he described the combat in the game as a kind of medieval chess – an excellent comparison indeed.I liked it very much that you sometimes have to think carefully before each fight, as positioning your fighters can be crucial for the outcome of the battle.Towards the end of the game, however, the combat becomes somewhat repetitive, boring and eventually even annoying (especially fighting common enemies like bandits, who tend to respawn), so during my 2nd and 3rd playthroughs I appreciated the possibility to hit the automatic combat button.I would also like to mention the excellent soundtrack. It contains only a few tunes, but each of them is very pleasant to hear to – even repeatedly – and fits in the game irreproachably. I can still hear them in my head when thinking about this game or writing this review.To sum up, I’d say ‘beauty’ would be perhaps the most accurate word to describe ‘Legends of Eisenwald’ – not the beauty of some stunning super-modern visuals (although I think the graphics look nice, and I liked the character models) but the aesthetic experience the game gives you in general.From the objective standpoint, ‘Legends of Eisenwald’ might have certain flaws (albeit for me none of them ever turned out to be game-breaking) and thus be not perfect. But my personal experience with this game says it is."
76561198042564854,Recommended,246760,16881596,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,rgebby57,"If you loved the early HOMM and old school RPG games that rely heavily on text, then Legends of Eisenwald may be something you will enjoy. The game is set in Medieval times  where myths, legends, and superstition abound. You will spend time listening to tales at the local tavern. It's best to listen closely since they may very well save your party from trouble down the road. You won't find any trolls or goblins during your travels however expect plenty of  Intrigue, lust, and betrayal.This isn't a fast paced game. It's best enjoyed with a pot of hot coffee nearby and plenty of free time to get lost in the lore.  Some quests may be difficult if you need to rely on twinkling sparkles to indicate where a quest objective is. Online guides may be hard to find if you truly become stumped on a quest.LoE is more linear than I had expected. You can (unfortunately) skip large portions of game play if you want to power your way to the chapter's finish. Doing so would defeat the purpose of the game. There are no cut-scenes, voice over's, or other fluff. The time and effort of the developers was clearly spent on creating an experience that should fully immerse veteran RPGers.Scale of 1 to 10Game play -  8  ( A shame that party members are lost from chapter to chapter)Game stability -   7 (some quirky movement areas and random crashes)Music -  10 (Simply fantastic and perfect for the game)Graphics -  8 (on highest settings game looks great)Atmosphere / immersion factor  -  10 (The main quest line is average to be honest however take your time and read everything. It's the tales and stories you hear at the Pubs that make the game fun)Bottom line, for $25 you can purchase a solid fun game that will scratch that itch for some old school RPG fun."
76561198079883930,Not Recommended,246760,11479171,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,shawnsbox,"The story is awful.  I cant understand where to go. You have to stand in the correct places on the map after finding them for the story to continue.  Often times its up a steep mountaintop with no clue of a road.   In the first level everything you built up to gets taken away.  Then there is a troop chasing you so your time to escape is limited and the troop is undefeatable that follows you to each new scenerio.  Other things are...what you would expect to complete in tasks is unfulfilling and a waste of time.  The only thing I like about this game is the battle mode.  But, you dont have all the characters equipment available in towns and often thrown into 3 or 4 battles one after another when you would expect to win.  You have little to nothing to manage with and not much going on."
76561197998178840,Recommended,246760,20772842,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Tazarinho Silverdragon,"Seldom has a game captivated me like Legends of Eisenwald has over the past few weeks. It's a unique blend of role-playing and strategy, in a historical medieval setting with supernatural elements.I particularly like the amount of customization and choices you can make. I made three playthroughs, one with each of the characters (Knight, Baroness and Mystic), and each with a different driving force (honor, profit, revenge) and despite following the same general storyline over the same 5 or 6 maps, so many of the details differed that they felt distinctly different. It also made me realize how much I missed on my first playthrough, by not exploring enough, or not paying enough attention to rumors in taverns, etc...Some people seem to think the combat is simplistic and lacks strategy, but I beg to differ. There are so many variables that you can play with that affect the outcome of the battles. Party size, positioning, items, weapons, terrain, whether it's day or night, whether you're inside or outside. Getting good at using all this to your advantage will save you a lot of money on healing. ;)Another issue that people have with this game is the fact that your party and/or money get reduced between the maps. Personally I liked the challenge of each map, figuring out when to do what and how to get strong enough to take on the hardest opponents (or lure them into a forest at night so they couldn't fight on horseback). It also invites you to do side-quests which will yield useful rewards like powerful items, cash or people joining your party.Aside from perhaps the last map, where you return to part of a previously visited map, every map has it's own distinctive feel, which ensures that the game never feels repetitive.In short, I whole-heartedly recommend this game. I have to confess that I was originally put-off by the (in my opinion) relatively high price tag and waited until it was on sale. I now regret this, I would have gladly paid the full price. Especially if you see the amount of effort the devs put in this game and the way they respond to every, even minor, question. To make up for that I bought the Knight's Edition and Season pass despite already owning the first DLC, because I feel such dedication should be supported!"
,Recommended,246760,8115067,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Rodtaz,"This game is very unique, concentrating in medieval times, weapons, armour and classes, intead all fantasy. For all turn based lovers this game has a lot of potential but still a lot to improve.Pros: Great weapons & armours, graphics is good, original story.Cons: Move around in combat is not easy, if you are not moving for the kill you should stay put. Skip a turn for one unit, is only avalilable once per battle. And the worst of all, leveling up is extremely hard since the exp gained per battle is average 2 points, when most of the characters (Depends on the class) is 120, 150 to level up. And you have to ditch your party each chapter, what makes even harder to level up.Conclusion: If you are like me, who wants to be a part of this game from early start and is confident that is going to improve, I would defitely recommend buying, however, If you like final version of the games and do not have patience to deal with some bugs and changes (Part ot getting early access) then wait for the final review."
76561198058048720,Recommended,246760,14481596,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,raitheblackwolf,"This is a game with alot of potential. Enjoyable, good story. The changes needed are mostly in cost and management. The xp cost to level is very high, leveling is very slow and after 30 battles you may not even get to level 2 with anyone in your army. Healing is also very expensive, this is a huge detriment to party management. If no cost change would be done then I  would allow healers in your army to heal between battles as well. Currently there is no between battle skill use. If a healer can heal during battle why not in between? Whether it be a limited use between battles or a certain number per day. Lastly on the negative side, you lose all equipment in your inventory and all gold when you leave the starting scenario. You arive in the second scenario with nothign in your inventory and 600 gold. This was bothersome as I had 2000 or so gold and about another 600 gold in eqiupment in my inventory, a fix to this would be excellent. For now be prepared, get the best equipment you can get and put it on your character not in your inventory. Characters do not change appearence other than horse and weapons/shield would be fun if they did. There is no way to customize character looks as well.On the positive side, The combat is tacitical and you have to pay attention to whats coming up and how characters are moving on the battlefield. A small mistake can cost you. The fact that you can equip all characters in your army is very nice, although I would like to see graphic changes as you equip items other that just weapons. This allows you to customize how an army fights and changing a few weapons can have drastic effect. The graphics are very pleasent and easy on the eyes, game play is easily understood and controls are easily dealt with as well. The story is interesting and the game as a whole is engaging. The game has minimal fantasy element and this is not detrimental to the game at all. I would recommend this game for those that want a game you can relax and enjoy with."
76561198008130980,Recommended,246760,30023976,Posted: 18 February,all,robertmi,"This RPG reminds me of the days when games made had real lore and not just fancy hack and slash.  When you actually had to think things through to figure out how to make the best of a quest.  Heck, it takes me back to the early M&M games and I know from what I speak because I was playing these games when they released the Might & Magic series.I've played them all and many of the first person slashers just for the fun of it.  But there isn't much like this GEM on the market today.If you like to read and puzzle out the meaning of the lore than you will love this game.Regarding the battles they are a lot of fun and very interesting in the classic Rock, Paper, Scissors mode.  I've seen a few people complaining that they know who is going to win when the battle starts...  Wow, really?  In a good RPG the goal is to keep the damage down on your team to the least possible amounts and gain the most experience.  Truly, If you  expected to lose the fight you should have never entered it in the first place.  That said if you have played through the game and not had only one or two seriously wounded team members survive... well you are a better man than I.Folks, this is an RPG the way is was meant to be made.  Test your mind versus how fast you can press a key... And when all else fails... there is always that all knowing god that can help with any question... google!Enjoy!"
,Recommended,246760,24659079,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,vespercirrus,"Legends of Eisenwald is a real gem. I see it as a zoomed-in version of Medieval 2, with a great plot line (since Medieval 2 doesnt really.) Or.. like Mount and Blade overland map, with a storyline. It took me a little while to get into it, it might have just been my mood, I wont blame the game... but boy, does it really grab you after a little while.Betrayal, intrigue, lore, equipment, training, strategic battles. The writing and story are FANTASTIC. The lore is deep. Nothing to hate, everything to love. I have about 13 hours in, and Im just scratching the surface... I think there will be many, many more hours for me here. Very original. Get it.Some people have criticized the combat.. I just want to say, I think their wrong. It varies greatly depending on what types of troops you use, which changes the fighting style a lot. Also, I want to say that to me, this game is not all about fighting, its about the story. Sometimes I even use the Fast Fight feature just to get to the next story thread.9/10! .... -1 simply because nothing is perfect. 100% fun level."
76561197989704407,Recommended,246760,11613735,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Ultimate Beta,"Ever wanted an old retro game but cant get past the fossil like graphics and constant silence? Well Legends Of Eiseswald is the game for you, Its easily the best Early Access game on the market so much that if you fixed the very rare minor bugs that exsist you could sell this game for $10, $15 as a finished product. Essentially if what your looking for is a modern day classic RPG this is a must buy. Even then this is a game everyone should try, I never touched those old RPG games, hell I wasnt even born when those games were around and I love this game.However that isnt to say the game is perfect it does have a few trip ups, For starters early on in the game most battle boil down to ""who has the better hit points"" because there isnt much else to do besides attack early on when all you have is fighters, and what thing that infuriates the hell out of me is that you cannot set yourself in a defence position which will turn a few people off.Pro`s-very beautiful game and due to its gameplay dosent require a powerful PC-Authentic classic RPG feel with AAA graphics-Quite a interesting story-Dosent hold your hand-Fair Challenge (however troop planning will effect your chances)-Good old medieval soundtrack-Georgous art style-Skill tree`s-User friendly yet still challenging battles-Quest finding requires attention, this game tells you what to do but expects you to use your brain-WorkshopCons-A little buggy-Lack of Defence stance-Capturing building`s is a little confusing at times-Avatar does not change dependant on armour choice-Throws you in the deep end a little too quickly-Some quests aren`t very clear at all during timesIn conclusion I love LoE its fast enough so im interested and slow enough so I can take some time to plan, and honestly I have no clue why there are so many negative review`s for this game because even if me a 14 year old teenager born in the gaming age of brown corridors I can assure the older generation of gaming still interested in Classic games will LOVE this. 8/10"
,Recommended,246760,26145485,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Aysling,"While I would recommend the game overall, there are a few frustrations to be aware of:1)  There doesn't seem to be a way to scroll the map.  VERY annoying to try to get around.2)  Healer type followers are difficult to find.3)  The most annoying factor, for me, has been the frequency of game crashes (roughly every 3 hours) and the inability to send errors/bugs/crash logs.  I don't have an Outlook account, which is required to send crash logs?"
,Recommended,246760,16931913,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"I like it. Straight to the point right? Simply put, it's very similar to Heroes of Might and Magic (specifically 6) and Disciples except tone down the Fantasy about 5 notches and put it Medieval Germany. There are extensive upgrade trees for each unit with a very ""figure out where to go"" and ""how to win"" mentality in the game whilst still being very story driven. Graphically, the game is very pretty with a great soundtrack (I love good in-game music) that really works to immerse you in the world. It's definitely a good example of an Early Access game that was released a decent finished product on Steam compared to the garbage island levels of crap EA games that never finish or run out of funding (ie Spacebase DF-9). Of course, there are still some problems with the game but it's most nitpicky stuff that only someone like myself (who is so far up his own♥♥♥♥♥ would actually point out... like equipping items doesn't change your appearance. You know? Stuff like that. Summed up, I really like the game and I can't wait to log some more hours in LoE.Video Gameplay and Opinions:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVvMeGqAmis"
76561198152804177,Recommended,246760,16918269,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Is this public?,"I'm only scratching the surface of the 1st chapter, and this review might change as I progress further in the game, but so far I'm really enjoying it. I like the mixture of Germanic setting and low-fantasy:* The story and quests, whilst at times do get a bit confusing (get ready to do a lot of wandering around), are pretty interesting in a ""figure it out by yourself"" kind of way.* The combat is different to most games, but by no means ""bad"". It's actually pretty good in Dark Souls kinda ""git gud"" way.* But my main issue is that sometimes the descriptions in quest logs aren't really that useful and are written in a (sometimes) convoluted way. But I suspect that's because English isn't the devs' first language, so I guess it's understandable. But, still....*** MINOR SUB-QUEST SPOILER***For example, in one quest early on, you have to find a wealthy merchant who is involved in some grave robbing by a (quest description: watchtower casting a shadow on a rock by a southern gate). Indepth description, right? Well, there are a number of towers and rocks... but no gates. I spent 15min running around looking for it - even went to the south of the main town from which the merchant hails. Eventually the quest triggered (by pure, blind luck) and what they actually meant was the watch tower north of the south-eastern bridge.*** EDIT ***I gave up on the game as it's simply too drawn out. Sorry.But that said. I do feel that the money I spent on it gave me enough fun (mainly due to Germanic legends) to retain my thumbs up recommendation."
,Recommended,246760,30441137,Posted: 10 March,all,Aubrielle,"I can't say enough good things about Legends of Eisenwald.Aterdux has managed to create, for me, the ultimate medieval atmosphere.  It's what the Middle Ages feels like to you when you're a kid and all you know are the stories about knights and castles, before you learn about all the bad things that happened in history.  Eisenwald is a journey across an idealized medieval landscape, to the sounds of a beautiful score, with the sun lighting your way as it wanders across the sky.  Your quests will take you across a green countryside and into castles, towns, churches, and taverns.  You will listen to rumors, hire men-at-arms and healers, and battle brigands in turn-based tactical combat reminiscent of Heroes of Might and Magic.  I've made it sound overly simplistic, but the truth is that it's not a complicated game.  It's a vacation, a trip into a simpler time and place, and there is a beauty and innocence to the atmosphere that few games could hope to capture.Aterdux themselves are a wonderful team, and Alex is the friendliest project lead I've ever met.  He's always taken time out to answer any question I've had and to indulge my curiosity, both as a journalist and an Eisenwald fan.  This is a developer worth supporting, and a pleasant journey you owe it to yourself to experience."
76561198130325595,Not Recommended,246760,9598234,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Strazey,"I liked the idea of this game and think the developers could take the original base model that they have and improve it. Some of the things I don't care for are:1. You can't just move a characted into a defensive battlefield position, he either attacks or skips.2. You have to pay for certain party members but you are expected to upgrade them. It is difficult to run an efficient party if you are trying to build up players but need to manage their time in the party. let me fall in love with my characters over time rather than shuffling them through, or else I don't become attached to them nor do I care when they die.3. There are many glitches and moving around the map is a real bore."
76561198007842882,Recommended,246760,25236554,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sillyflower,"It took me 90 hours to do the first playthrough, though I was not hurrying so I certainly got my money's worth already - and I want to replay with another char and going down a different line.ProsI like the settingGood grahics and musicThe combat sytem. Soldiers in effect have a ZOC, so you can't rush past a heavy infantryman to bash a squishy priest at the back. Some don't like that but it seems more 'real' to meGood immersive storyI enjoyed building up my little army and trying to max out their kit.Customer support from Alexander is when I got stuck (see 1st 'con' below) was fantasticConsLargely due to inadequate tutorial or else I wasn't paying enough attention, I found some objectives v. hard to find but it became a lot easier when I learned to click on the magnifying glass icon on many quests which showed where to go.Pathing sometimes unnecessarily hard - quite a bit of random clicking needed sometimes to get through a  forest for example. This is mostly why the stealth chapter is quite annoying, but at least it's quite short.Special weapon attributes not/not well explained. I still don't know what a silver weapon does and I had to learn that blessed weapons were needed to kill ghosts. Also, when I had a choice of path for upgrade to a soldier, I learned to save in advance and then upgrade 1 way then repeat using other path so I could make the better choice - tho' this is a minor irritant only.Overall I would thoroughly recommend this to anyone who likes this genre and to others wanting to try something new. A great achievement by such a small team and excellent VFM"
,Not Recommended,246760,33132870,Posted: 2 July,all,Sebooshank,"This is one of the many games which suffer from Steam only having a binary rating system. As it stands I wouldn't recomment it to most people, but if you are a fan of TBS games (world map movement is an active-pause system a la M&B where stuff moves only when your party does) with some light RPG elements (think Disciples III) then do snap it up when on sale and you won't regret the money or time spent on it."
,Recommended,246760,12562764,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,SYSTEM GLITCH,"Welcome to a fresh take on an old formula. Much of the strategy takes place before a battle ever begins. Who gets which item, which row to place your units in, and who goes on the flank. Never before has initiative been so important. Support units are no longer a bonus, they are a real strategic necessity.Notice how every game of M&M or King's Bounty turns into a combat grind that keeps you from finishing the game? You will not get that here. Combat is quick, and you no longer spend half the battle jockeying for position. I don't know about you, but that combat fatigue eventually wore me down, and I always eventually found my desire to play the game diminish as the thought of another half hour battle almost had me in tears.Enjoy strategy and combat that does not dominate the game. Here you get a well written story, with many hard choices and a real touch of human nature where good and evil are not always easy to distinguish.The developers care about this game to a degree which sets them apart from most other games. Legends of Eisenwald is a wonderful game, with a compelling story no strategy fan should overlook."
76561198071723451,Recommended,246760,18440793,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,La Giuggia,"As Shakespear once said:All that glisters is not gold. If this is true we can assume that not all gold glitters. Well, this game could be gold, but it doesn't glitter. It doesn't glitterat allThere are two kinds of indie developers: the ones aware of their low budget, who can't afford for a good modern graphic and choose style over technology, and the ones who try to realize a cool, standard 3d graphic and come out with something that look old and bad.This game fall into the second scenario. Is this a problem? Yes. Is this a deal breaker? Not necessarily.With some games you play and have fun for a hour, then they get old. Here if you don't give up during the first hour, you will have fun.You have to deal with many flaws, everything is pretty clunky. You have to click on a precise spot of an item picture to actually select it, you have to experiment with clicks on the map to understand where you can go and where you can not, and other stuff like this, but everything works in the end, and it is fun!Nice tactical gameplay, good story, pleasing medieval setting.Legends of Eisenwaldisn't a charming game. It is not that good in the outside, but it is good in the inside, and if you like the genre, you will enjoy this game.Conclusions:Nothing feels really polished, but everything is good in its core, so if you'll put up with some flaws, you will enjoy a beautiful game."
76561198076840000,Recommended,246760,22558743,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Ramallamadingdong,"Got it on sale, worth every penny. Campaign reminds me a bit of Mount and Blade, but with a much, much. much better story and Map/Graphics. Battles are kinda basic turn based, but they work well. Wouldn't mind a larger area for battles, any melee characters in back rows can get trapped and forced to not do much on their turn, but that's why you fill those rows with ranged and support right?Great writing, great setting/art/music/atmosphere, good graphics, fun gameplay and a surprising amount of content.Definitely satisfied with my purchase. 8.5/10"
76561198008824626,Recommended,246760,9650861,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Myth,"This has all the makings of a great game, although the interface and controls can be annoying and finickey, the game seems solid, and should become a solid game.One thing though: it's a shame that your equipment doesn't carry over from mission to mission, and that you can't keep any hirelings or helpers, being able to keep one or two would be awesome!"
,Recommended,246760,22441033,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,oddbasket,"It's like Heroes of Might and Magic, but more like the good ones from the 90's.I'm hooked, and have said my goodbyes to sex, work, sleep and food.Middle-ages, drinking, child prostitution, and incest. Take that, Game of Thrones!"
76561198024344498,Recommended,246760,17897576,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,mlsmith45,"This is one of the best games I've played in a few years. It combines a great story, great characters to role play with and really good turn-based combat system. I can't recommend this game enough. The Devs are really responsive to questions and helped me with the few crashes I experienced."
,Not Recommended,246760,18784904,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Creldarix,"I can't recommend this game at this time.  Advancement is stupid slow, you feel like you're not getting anywhere.  On the Lahnstein map the enemies just kept spawning no matter how many you kill, and healing is a nightmare thing you have to do after just about every battle or you're screwed.On top of that, I finally, after several hours of playing, get to the second map.  Guess what?  All my loyal friends, all my gold, everything except what my character was carrying on his person just disappeared and I had to start building a new band of merry men from untalented dimwits all over again.  So I enter the Alps map with almost 3K gold, and when I get to the other side of the pass I have like 355 or so.  Barely enough to heal.So apparently the way this game challenges the player is it inexplicably takes everything you worked for away now and then.This has the potential to be a great game, but with that monstrous jackover in mind, I don't think it was worth the money I paid for it during the Halloween sale.Keep working, devs, but don't screw over your player characters to make the game challenging.  Just make the game challening."
76561197965247013,Recommended,246760,16901116,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Chris,"The first word I would use to describe this game is ""solid"", it might not really shine anywhere, graphics and sound are both good enough, the story and writing is pretty good (also there's lots of it), it's stable and relatively bug-free as far as I can tell. The combat system is new to me (possibly similar to disciples 2 or discord times but I haven't played any of those games) though similar to HoMM but different in a good way. Instead of collecting stacks of units which quickly becomes a chore each unit represents only one man, you are limited to having an army of at the most 12 men, but more frequently 6-9 which means every man is important. I would say it's just enough options to feel like I have a choice yet not so much that it would be overwhelming to keep everything in mind. The character development is really slow, I've seen it described as ""glacial"" but it fits the game, I wouldn't say it's a bad thing (though I must say I liked the short 3x exp period right after launch).You can certainly do a lot worse for this price (whatever it is, think it was around €28 when I got it). When you're done with the main story there are scenarios and a scenario editor, not to mention the main story can be played with 3 different classes for the main character, there's plenty of value in here."
76561197991041117,Recommended,246760,28149081,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lanak,"I have been playing games for my whole life.It is my passion and stress relieve remedy.I bought this game on sale for 11.99$ and I have to say I played it every day till 2am, get up in the morning before work to play at least for 30 minutes.Yes it is that good. Ok what is so good about it. I'm 38 years old dude and I use to play a lot of MMOs but I got tired of grinding, I wanted some game with story. Storyline in Legends of Eisenwald is very mature .What I like most  is I was 20h into the game and I thought it is almost over but some twist in story happend and here I go another 20h later. You can not predict what is going to happend.Graphics are very good much better that any other titles like Disciples or Heros.The games have few endings so read all what is happening because I end up wuth ending I did not really want, I guess I missed something along the line."
76561198007664471,Recommended,246760,22514352,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Olly,"18 Hours in and still got most of this game to go. I am truly addicted to it at the minute.No issues getting it to work, I like the graphic style very nice and still runs smooth on slightly older machines.Simple but tactical combat that has kept me intrigued, with plenty of items and weapons.Meaningful progression of my troops takes some time, which makes me really value their lives and I feel adds more immersion.If you are looking for a medieval world to fully submerse yourself into, this is it. Beautiful artwork and music really helps create the world.Small elements of fantasy really add to this game, as anyone who studies history will know, many people were very superstitious during this period. Legends, myths, magic and real history were often intertwined in the peoples pyche.In summary, a great game from a small committed studio. Help them out and get this game.You WILL NOT regret it!"
,Recommended,246760,18689192,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Thomsen93,"I would definitely recommend it. It has a good storyline with interesting scenarios, good dynamics, decent combat, an old-school feel and excellent music to top it all. There are some things that could be improved, but overall, it is a safe buy for anyone who likes turn-based strategy RPGs."
76561198094237734,Recommended,246760,16951045,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,tvezner,"Played a lot of games, but this is the first review I've written. Surprised at how much fun this game is. As a long-time fan of turn-based fantasy strategy, I'm impressed. Like the ability to take my time and explore quests/have fun, rather than stress out against the clock. Writing is good, atmosphere is great, and strategy/advancement works very well."
76561198039222800,Recommended,246760,24841648,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,kingts,"Pros:A-Simple Tactical turn based game with trailed storytelling elements, very easy to graspB-It is a combination of elements from other games, Heroes of Might and Magic, Crusaders, King's Bounty, Medevil and with its own look and feel. As if someone played all of those and plucked certain aspects to create the best result.C-Battle System is simple and directD-Equiping and Leveling of characters with direct task puzzle solving questsE-Wonderful screen shots and artwork, Night and Day timeframes.Cons:A-This game can use a vast upgrade and more action packed oriented screens and flash action. This makes the combat stiff and one view point instead of various action sequences that make you part of the action like an Xcom 2. TolerableB-Saves have to be specific and like HOM&M equipping army members do not carry over. Each scenario resetsC-Mercenaries can drain your funds so quickly that your limited in quantity and time.D-No voice storytelling can tire you with a lot of reading. You can miss details if you skip and it hurts its dramatic storytelling deliveries. However, a great game to inspire reading.Final Take: I would do three things. 1. Get it on sale 2. See Videos of gameplay in workshop to get a full feel if its for you3. If you don't like classic role playing then this is probably not for you. Overall alot to like and I can see if they upgrade the engine and add more depth in storytelling, flashes, and action this game expanding on its humble beginnings.LoE 2 if ever made will have a lot of upgrades to build on. It is a nice game for your collection if you love the combination of games I mentioned above. It will challenge you and once familiar with the game mechanics keep you invested.My grade 3 of 5 stars"
76561197980267008,Recommended,246760,16860890,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,DimetriX,"A mixture of King's Bounty, Heroes of Might and Magic, Disciples + an interesting story = this game. Highly recommend!"
76561198068133001,Recommended,246760,24624662,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,CPT. Jack Aubrey,"This game is quite challenging despite its simplicity.  I enjoyed the campaign very much.  If you're into turn based RPG, I suggest this game.  The economy is minimal and a little off-beat, The battle mechanics are easy to understand.  Movement on the map is in real time with AI.  The game may not seem to be as robust in features or other large budgest TB-RPG, but it is just as satisfying.  Once start playing you'll be sucked into it and possibly scouring Youtube for answers."
76561198083840892,Recommended,246760,20581592,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,illesach,"Took me 60 hrs to finish the game (with the knight on normal difficulty), what a great time. Getting involved into a sofisticatedly written story with many turnarounds, lots of reading of (sometimes hilarious) dialogs, finding clues in questlog, saves and loads, and search for walkthrough :). All of it is fun for ""slow gamers"" that enjoy beliaveble late middle-age atmosphere, chatting with outstandingly deep characters, unique style battles where every detail matters.After some time I gave up trying to figure up everything myself, running all over the map again and again, searching the right person at the right place at the right moment to trigger the right event. Luckilly, after some effort I found an excellentwalkthroughtranslated to english. Yes, it can spoil the enjoyment from the game if you do not put any afford to it, but I found it too suffering without looking to the walkthrough at all. Also, you can speed up travelling around the map up to 4x, but I would need like 10x.The game is somewhat linear but it has three possible endings. I do not plan to replay it (but mystic on hard difficulty could be a real challenge) but when DLC are on sale I will go for them. I bought the game for 7 euro on winter sale, totally worth it. Also the music is great and I will always remember the fun I had when I met a group of wanderers going to visit Charles University in Prague (my university :)."
76561198042603995,Recommended,246760,8449587,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,travis.plank2,"This is an Early Access game that is in a highly playable state. Put simply, if the description of this game gets you excited, then go for it. This game has been a real pleasure during my brief time with it, and I look forward to exploring it more. It reminds me of two of my favorite games: M&B, and Dragon Age Origins."
76561198019831748,Recommended,246760,11625349,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Eagle,"Total my Game Style.The Battle mechanics from Disciples (turn based battles) but with more possibilities to decide.A lot of Equipment and an ""open"" world.The battles are fair.The Quests need a little bit more visualisition on the map.And you can move only one party (as far as i played)I strongly recommend to play thecampaign caus here you got a tutorial.I played the cursed castle first and had to work the game mechanism."
76561198030725683,Recommended,246760,18311068,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,ryleck,"Wow just a word a perfect game : !! Just bought it and already played 7hrs !! The graphic its pretty good, sure its not witcher 3 but by the way its not the same kind of game. Better than HMM VII !! The multi quest are realy good and the history side is very accurate and wonderful . But what make this game different than other its the feeling that we are there !! and thats its wonderful !! I bought the deluxe edition with the OST and the artbook and wow (again) superb package ;) Eisenwald is for me one of the biggest suprise of the year and one of my favorite game :) !"
76561198006703997,Recommended,246760,11782054,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,mikeydredd,"If you like good, basic RPGs with the ability to build a small ""army"" and upgrade your followers this is it.  Can't wait to see finished product"
76561198116527414,Not Recommended,246760,27477622,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sigmar,"This is one of many cases when I regret that Steam reviews can only be positive or negative, and not neutral.There are aspects of this game I like: The graphics are nice, so is the music until it is repeated once too often, and a lot of thought went into the quest plots.On the other hand, there is a lot I do not like: Quests require you to read lots of long dialogues, without voice acting (should be standard in a modern RPG!). Quest objectives are often described vaguely, which makes you wonder what to do, wandering around the land until you enter a village you visited before and encounter a merchant who just recently appeared (because he was artificially unlocked by the quest progression) who can sell you an item that solves your problem... that is irritating, especially as in this game, lost time costs you a lot of money, because you have to pay your companions regularly.I do not like that your tactical choices in combat are so limited. There is an arbitrary rule that you HAVE to attack if you can, and as a melee fighter you can only attack the enemies standing closest to you - more than once I was forced to attack a heavily armoured opponent with an almost dead peasant, which was a kind of a suicide attack; meanwhile, my healthy and well-equipped main character stood two tiles away, but could not intervene because a mediocre henchman stood next to him and was the only valid target. This example should make it clear that the strict limitation of tactical decisions makes it impossible to develope actual strategies, and as enemy groups often display the same battle formation over and over, the fights become repetitive quite quickly.I do not like that you cannot see equipped items on your character or the NPCs, only in their respective inventories. This takes a lot away from the immersion, as your choices for armour and amulets do not have a visible impact on the world, just on the stats. My character in particular kept his looks identical through the whole process of levelling up, even though I changed his armour three times.I admit that I did not play the whole game. But up to now, everytime I entered a new chapter, my whole army was disbanded and their special weapons and trinkets lost, as I had to begin the new chapter alone and only with what I carried on my body. This felt very frustrating, as I invested a lot of care into the hiring, levelling and equipping of my soldiers. When the game made them simply disappear with all their gear, those efforts and every imaginary bond I could have had with my named NPCs who fought beside me through heated battles - just became pointless in a second.For me personally, the negative aspects outweigh the positive ones slightly, and I give this game a 4/10."
,Recommended,246760,16289182,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Falcon Six,"This is shaping up to be a pretty awesome game. It is definitely old school in its design. The combat system is very simple, yet requires some tactics. There is plenty to like for fantasy gamers and RPG fans. I appreciate the fact the dev team have put effort into a story line, which plenty of games lack.It is in the development stage and there are a few bugs here and there but that is to be expected.Only disappointing thing was when I realised the full game hadn't been released yet but it means I have something to look forward to.Definitely worth a look into."
76561198036314498,Recommended,246760,25007215,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Turrican,"This game got me hooked right from the Tuturial.Im a sucker for maps full of details and things to explore,turned base strategy, Roleplaying games with character develoment and aquiring of better gear and also a good story and good Quests.LoE delivers on all of those and even brings in a small part of finance management,as i found out the hard way after hiring two mercenaries that became quite expensive.This game is basically a more quest and Story oriented version of Kings Bounty or HoMM. Though where KB and HoMM focus more on resource gathering and large Armies, LoE chooses to go with small Squads and quality over quantity. The peons you hired may lack on punch and Hitpoints at the beginning, but after gainign some XP and leveling them up (and all of those, including your character have talent tree( not big ones..but they do)) they behcome quite adept and you will miss them when you move on to a different map and you havbe to leave them behind.The maps reward exploring and listen to rumors and tales in bars or cities...though there are a lot of tales and stories lore related to the LoE Universe which are not necessary to read to continue the main story or quests, but they are well written and help you immerse more easily. And a lot of those stories and the persons decribed in them are story related and you eventually meet them.The combat system is aturned based system on small hexagon battlefields. Here the game lacks a bit in depth. Im in Chaopter 3 now and all the battle fields are just flat boards. No obstaclkles, cover or objects to interact. Some units learn sepcial attacks when they level up, but mostly its just auto attack. Some situations are a bit unfair e.g. when you besiege an castle or watchtower, you as attacker will start the battle with a health debuff, which can be quite big. And when one or two units are shot down by cross bow units before you can even make a move makes you want to chocke your mouse. But normally you can get past those situations hiring more units (even cheap ones can make a difference. They may die with one hit, but they draw fire so your regualr units can pop a potion) and using different strategies.So the battles are ok ish and another thing is that the game crashes rather often..and in random situations. But at least it creates alot of autosaves so you can pick up where you started very easily. And i noticed that the gfx and the gameflow get somehat choppy stuttery as the game progresses. Having an I7, A 1070GTX and 16 GB of RAM...this should not happen.But those are all minor things nothing is game or enjoyment breaking.All in all this game is full great ideas and keeps you busy for a long time. I really have a great time with it and decided to write a review..which i normally dont do.Both thumbs up."
76561198024481900,Recommended,246760,20502105,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,woutermarchal,"I simply like this game. The music, the atmosphere... I simply love it. Right, my hero Knight is a bit of an jerk... Guess that fits in the medieval way of thinking. But what I like most is the amount of time and effort what the developers put in this game. It is so gorgeous!Is there anything not to like? Peasants are a waste of coin. They suck in combat and cannot be upgraded. And I'm not that far in the campain, but I feel lonely. Others have armies walking around and I'm just me with my few not so loyal mercs. Would be nice not to have to run across the map all the time hunting down beggars and taking back my towns."
,Recommended,246760,20371014,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,arius32,"starts slow, builds up beautifully, great game, thoroughly enjoyable.they could use a re-write/edit/ or a better writer or team of writers,ex. the all mighty bishop salutes you for the first time using the word ""Hi"" !!it's not that the stories are bad, it's just that the writing is ... rushed? at some points.but then again, the game has a ton of stories."
76561198019219227,Recommended,246760,16115440,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"Hi, I am a diehard HoMM V and VI fan, even though I am not very good at them, LOL!Regardless, I purchased this game to take a break from Homm and here is my review so far.Please remember, this game is early access.PROS:Beautiful game - This is a beautiful game and the graphics IMHO are better than any I have seen so far in these types of game.Beautiful Musical Sound Track - It has a nice Celtic sound to it.A more serious medieval times type of game as opposed to extreme fantasy games - IMHO this was a refreshing change of pace.Combat - It is very interesting and exciting, and seems very tacticalTons of potential - You can tell right away this game has a good solid foundation and if the Devs can keep up the development, this game could dominate the genre.CONS:Presentation - I really hate to pick on the Devs as it seems they were more concerned with providing a solid early access game as opposed to ""flash and dash"", thus I do not want to penalize them for being great devs, but poor marketers.Especially, when the opposite is the norm these days much to the chagrin of players.Thus, I say this only because I feel Legends of Eisenwald is one of those few games that deserves a good presentaton via marketing and game presentation itself.As a result, I feel the Devs need to add some flash and dash into the presentation of this game not only from a marketing perspective, but more so, in the way the story and dialog is presented as well as audio sound effects.For example, there are no sound effects as you travel across the map, and that really takes away from the immersion.It sounds trivial but, just having crunching sounds, i.e. feet on gravel, wind, birds, rain etc would help.Also, the dialog boxes that present interaction between characters are very bland....I know this is early access, but IMHO makes a bland first impression the game does not deserve.As a result, the dialog interface needs to be done in a more interesting way from both appearance, audio, and content perspectives.In conclusion, although I cites the above cons, I do feel they exist because the Devs tried to do the right thing by presenting a solid game experience first, and worry about interface eye candy later, at least I hope so.Regardless, this game deserves such eye candy to be implemented asap, as it is a good game that deserves such polish.Hopefully, the lack of such eye candy will not hurt its early access sales.I purchased this game because i see great potential to take over the genre once the game is finished and out of early access, and thought $19 was a good price, as I can see the price going up upon release."
76561198078985169,Recommended,246760,23792410,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Pex,"What a great game!If you like strategy games with great story, turn-based combat and RPG elements, you can't go wrong with bying this one.  I picked it up on a sale, but it's more than worthy it's full price.  It can be challenging at the moments, but never frustrating, especially once you learn the way the combat works (it was first time I played a game that had combat system like this one).  It keeped me pinned to the computer.  I bought Fallout 4 while I was playing this (it was on a great sale in the local shop), and I've been waiting to get my hands on Fallout 4 for ages.  I didn't touch it till I finish this one.Everything is good about it - even if what you look from a game is good graphics and soundtrack, you won't be disappointed.  I normally turn music off in many games, since I find it distracting - in this one it never occured to me.  The lenght of the game is worth the money - many side quests are available.  But on top of it, there are three possible endings to the game, and three different starting characters, so it can be relplayed for different experience.  That's the main campaign - there are three scenarios that come with the game and I believe there's heaps of mods too.I'd be hard pressed if I had to pick up a really weak spot for it.  The only issues I had was that a couple of times the save game didn't work, but that's like 2 out of 100 (I'm compulsive game saver sometimes) and I was able just to load previous autosave without losing much progress.I could write more praises about it, but I believe I already made it clear how much I enjoy it.  I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,246760,16847721,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Monterico Gaming TV,After being in Early Access for a few years 1.0 is finally here. I have to say they really worked with the community to the end of the game. Cannot wait to get in and build up a new character in this world map strategy gameplay game. The battles are turnbased and you get to build up your characters by leveling them up and also equip them with new gear from the marketplace. I will be starting a let's play for this game so make sure to join in and comment to take part in the fun. See you in game. Well made game with all the edges cleaned up for a fun classic style RPG battle game.
76561197977683471,Recommended,246760,26313020,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Zardoz,"Great game! I played it twice using different classes and decisions. It's really a new take after all those Heroes of M&M clones. BTW: in my opinion the Mage was the easier class, due to the ability of summoning a Ghost behind enemy archers."
,Not Recommended,246760,31675121,Posted: 10 May,all,tomahawk058,I originally purchased this with high hopes. Now I look at it and cant help but ask Why? Is there any work being done on this at all. The Sound doesn't work (no Battle Sounds) and The graphics well they're tolerable but the game play and battle scenes game killer. Whats been done lately? Depressing.
,Recommended,246760,14303979,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Kalis,"Turn based strategy, where you can customize the equipment on every character in your party, and they also gain experience and level up.Currently, the main campaign consists of 3 maps (there seem to be more in Russian, but they haven't been translated yet), and there are 2 other single map mini-campaigns available.All are very enjoyable, and looking forward to the rest of the game being released in english!"
76561198011604006,Recommended,246760,18677016,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Saboth,"LoE is an rpg/strategy game in the vein of ""King's Bounty"" or ""Heroes of MM"".  You explore maps with a single party, avoiding powerful enemies while picking off weaker ones.  Your main character levels up, and any characters you have level up as well. This takes place in a low-fantasy setting. You'll run into some creatures here and there, but there are no dragons or anything like that. I was on the fence about recommending the game, because as fun as it is, there are a lot of frustrations as well.Good:Graphics, story, combat gameplay, gear/upgrades, sound.Bad: Heal mechanic, exp gain is slow, quests can be obtuse (either the quest is not well explained, or the triggers can take a long time to find).All-in-all, it's addictive, and mostly fun, but the frustrations that are present seem largely unecessary."
76561198042113156,Recommended,246760,20005703,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,cfranks007,"This looks pretty good so far. I've watched some Youtube Let's Play by Kill Ten Rats and he does a good job. Apparently the exp was decreased after some of his first Let's Play videos (bonus to the Early Access players).So, what is this game? It is a medieval fantasy RPG where you are a German noble trying to retake his rightful lands. You have to build an army, defeat enemies and capture castles. You are allowed to hire an army  that is sized based on the castles you control plus you can hire mercenaries (mercenaries can increase the size of the army beyond what you are allowed) but the mercenaries will deplete your gold fast because they also cost gold to maintain the troops. You and your troops can gain levels based on the experience you gain by fighting.Play is in real time except for combat which is turn based, based upon initiative. The graphics are nice and the music is not annoying (not yet anyhow). The storylines are very good so far (already got a good plot twist).In addition to running around trying to complete quests, you have to garrison your captured castles and watchtowers (if you can't garrison them, then you don't have control yet.).I haven't decided what to give this for a score because I have not finished it yet but it looks like it has a fair amount of replay even if you know what to do."
76561198067725186,Recommended,246760,20080742,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,hexagon,"This game is great! I’d compare it a little to Witcher II with the level of depth and detail.The backstory has been well thought out, and you really feel like you are playing a role in a larger plan.The rumors, and stories you hear and read about in the game are interesting, and I've read each of them. Usually in a game like Skyrim, I'd read a few, and then just skip the rest. The stories all tie in very well with the game and atmosphere, the writing is really top notch. There are some typos, and some bits that did not translate well to english, but you'll still catch the meaning.The combat system is easy to grasp and enjoyable. The rules are simple, but you must make use of some strategy to maximize the damage you can deal to the enemy, and prevent yourself from taking too much damage. Injured party members can be healed with spells, potions, and local temples, but those all cost money, and money is sometimes difficult to come by.If you play the game, read some of the forum post stickies as they offer additional insight into the game mechanics. There are also some YouTube videos that show some easy tips to follow. For instance, it was not until chapter 2 that I realized the map could rotate! The right mouse button is your friend in this game. RMB everything and see what it shows and does.One of my favorite parts of the game is the inventory system when you go into a market or store. It is just like most games with a buy/sell system, but if you click on a party member, the store items rearrange themselves and turn different colors. It is almost like each party member has a wishlist of the equipment they want. If you have the money, buy the green stuff at the top pf the list! This is so much better than reading and comparing stats between multiple weapons to determine if a certain sword is better than a certain heavy mace.My least favorite part of the game WAS starting over at each chapter. I say WAS, because now that I know to expect it, I can prepare for it. Sure, you lose your awesome party members that you trained from a lowly peasant to a war steed riding knight of death, but you get to do it all over again, and this time you’ll make even better choices. There are a few times when you get to carry over two party members, so you don't always have to start fresh.I finished the game in 54 hours. I'm planning to play through again and see if I can find some of the stuff I missed on the first playthrough.I got stuck at one battle in the game (chapter 4?), and was unable to go any further without cheating. I'm sure this is because I'm not great with the combat tactitcs yet. The developer put some combat scenarios on his site to go through, and I'm unable to beat the first one... Supposedly it took the developer several tries as well, but I've done a dozen variations and keep getting wiped out."
76561198010479045,Recommended,246760,33394179,Posted: 8 July,all,Peter Pan,"A nice story-driven strategy game, that has the feel of Mount & Blade map, Heroes of Might and Magic, and Disciples 2.The main thing that separates this game from the other strategy games is the story. There are no 3D cinematics for this indie company, just old-school texts with the character on the screen. But the story is pretty good.There are multiple endings for the story depending on which route you chose.Combat takes place in a small area that is marginally bigger than Disciples 2, but it is good enough to serve its purpose.You can only have 12 people in your ""army"", which feels more like a squad, but again it goes back to the old-school ways of Disciples 2 where it's quality over quantity. There are no stacks in this game, a single character is a single character.Units have upgrade trees where a bowman can become a faster archer or a slower but more powerful crossbowman.However, you get the feeling that the game could be so much more. There are mythical enemies you have to fight like vampires, werewolves, liches and undead, but you cannot have them in your party.Overall it is a nice game that is definitely worth trying on a sale."
76561198067338892,Recommended,246760,20104582,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,D-man,8/10Good story. I like that there are hard choices in the game.My only gripe is when it comes to exp for your followers. I understand that the exp for the MC should be low but the companions should have a higher rate of exp. Because of this the game forces you to grind which is not ok in my book.
76561198065867547,Recommended,246760,28441436,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DeN_DarK,"Great plot, many details, complicated quests, non-linear endings - game is very good. It has Heroes 3 vibe but characters and army much more managable and quests are more interesting. Still most of the quests are hidden behind rumors and you must pay attention to exact words in your journal.Maybe one thing I want to change in this game - combat phase. I think it will be better with ability for units to move on the field freely, like in Heroes 3 battle. And definitely bigger field needed too. Still battle phase is good.About bugs - two game crushes per 30hours is perfectly ok. Game have quicksaves and autosaves and none of my progress was lost. This game is indie, but it is on par with most AAA-titles."
76561197996545576,Recommended,246760,24981427,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Mark Pollin,"This is a fun game let down by its lack of polish.Legends of Eisenwald is a solid turn-based combat game at heart framed by a weak RPG element, which becomes more and more irritating as the game progresses.It's a pretty standard set-up from the off; pick a fighter, archer or mage and off you go trying to right some terrible wrong to your kingdom.The objective of most chapters is to take over the whole map, largely done by levelling up your hero and his companions through a series of fights.The hex-based combat works nicely, with troop composition, formation and tactics vital to success - reminisent of the turn-basedConquest of the New World(1996!).However, you find yourself horribly mismatched at the start of nearly all chapters, forcing you to spend long times dodging larger armies for a fight with an easier army, then waiting for that army to spawn again.It becomes a tiresome and tedious grind until you can take on enemies which you think you can beat.This is exacerbated by the fact the only outcomes are victory, bringing loot and experience, or defeat, which is game over.There's no chance to retreat/be taken prisoner like Mount & Blade, forcing you to pick your battles carefully. You'll find yourself constantly reloading saves to beat a difficult battle, instead of being able to a take a mauling and then licking your wounds after.After a while the novelty of the combat system wears off; your army rarely changes and you find yourself doing the same opening moves again and again, watching characters amble across the screen to attack.You know before you attack exactly how much damage it will do, which inevtiably reduces most battles to a predictable affair, necessary only because you fare badly auto resolving battles.There's also a stage in every chapter when the balance of power shifts dramatically. You go from running from most battles to completely dominating every encounter without breaking a sweat.The RPG element leaves a lot to be desired and feels completely superfical to the combat. There's castle, fortifications, different terrains and a day/night cycle, but it feels like very few events impact your battles.The quests are rlike an afterthought after developing the great combat, there's no depth to most of the characters you encounter. The main character might have some dialogue with some of the chaps wandering around, but you rarely get an input into the conversation.They're just something to improve your army with rather than to get emotionally involved in for the most part.I know the developer intentionally didn't want to handhold players through missions, but I had no interest in them because they felt so incredibly shallow.With that in mind, the game felt like it went on too long with too many drawn-out chapters, rather than fewer that were well polished.Overall:A fun little indie medieval fantasty combat strategy game let down by a lacklustre RPG element."
,Recommended,246760,17361523,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Grifman,"This is a pretty good turn based strategy/RPG game.  It's set in medievel Germany and is more reality based, with ""low"" magic, mainly healing and buffs, no conjuring demons or firing huge bolts of fire, and your opponents are human knights/ men-at-arms/etc (at least so far through the middle of the 3rd scenario).  The quests are varied and a number have multiple options for resolution. T he artwork/graphics are appropriate for the game/setting, while the music is great.  The skill trees are not complicated, maybe too simplistic for some people, and skills are generally passive or applied automatically in combat (I would have preferred a skill tree that gave me a choice of different attacks in combat) but the system works.My main complaint is tha some of the quests are too obscure.  You do need to talk to people, and you really need to think about what you need to do and who might be able to assist you.  But some quests have multiple stages and triggering one stage or another turns into a pixel hunt on the map because you have to be exactly at X point  (or pretty close to it)to trigger the next stage.  This is just frustrating, once I get in the general area, the nex stage should trigger, don't make me pixel hunt.The other complaint is that in the main game you move from scenario to scenario, and with each move you lose the troops you raised, trained and equipped in the prior scenario.  You also lose money and anything in your inventory other that what you have equipped.  It works in the game but if you aren't expecting it, you'll wonder what happened.  That said, I would have preferred carrying over troops - it's kind of frustrating to build them up through battle only to loose them when  moving the next scenario.All that said, despite the things I don't like, I'm enjoying the game.  The story is interesting, the quests are varied, and the location/period is pretty good.  Overall, a thumbs up."
76561198006776664,Recommended,246760,16865215,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,[BA] Sten,Solid indie developer game. Released as early access and after a year or so theyve produced a solid game. The combat system may not be the greatest but the story and writting is excellent. Reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a RPG game and enjoys reading.
,Recommended,246760,33552270,Posted: 14 July,all,JurgenJuggernaut,"Score 8.3 Recomended but dont spect a nice endingSince I saw it, I wanted it. Its a very nice game, good graphics, good story, good gameplay.About the gameThe game in general is settled in/ or around germany (the holy roman empire) in the low middle age, the main campaing is about the struggle of a duchy in the resent events.Graphics 9/10Graphicaly speaking the game is very nice, even the troops change when you equip weapons, and there are different looks depending on the level of the unit, for example a noble can become squire or duelist, however it would have been nice if depending the armour the look of the unit and the main hero, even the posibility to customize the main hero/heroine.Gameplay 8/10Overal is entertaining, but there are a few negative points, combat becomes a lil the same after a while, levealing your troops sometimes is hard, the ai (well its a little bit square for not saying fool), when passing from x scenario to another you usually dont go with your army and lose the comon items you have in your inventory, in combat cant just move to another square, you either attack, wait or use and ability.Story 8/10The game has a few ""campaings"", however I will speak about the main one. Which started playing and loved right away, is interesting and there is a lot of story and lore. The negative part is to read a lot and personally all ends felt empty. Like a big road to nowhere. A few lose ends and ""what happend with this"", ""was this the right choise"", ""what""..."
76561197974714261,Recommended,246760,28775406,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fiend,This is an interesting turn bases strategy game that has a relaxing and lore filled atmosphere with simple combat and good graphics.
,Recommended,246760,18537851,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,TOG | Scoobs,"A cross between HOMM style tactical battles, legend of the crown text and siege elements, RPG and a bit of puzzle solving. It won't be for everyone, but if you can make it through the first couple of chapters it really starts to shine, particularly the detailed writing (and you will want to read all the dialogue to get all the clues!).For me the writing is what kept me in until my in-game power started to improve. Some thought and care has definitely been put into this game. It is pretty unforgiving sometimes, as you do get to make choices that might cost you, but for me this is a positve. You will be reloading a bit though until you get a feel for army strengths and AI behaviour."
76561197993622243,Recommended,246760,20391742,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Zadown,"Combat isn't stellar, but the awesome writing carries the game and gives a glimpse to the chivalric ages that is a bit closer to real history than the usual knights in shiny armor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you can't stomach reading quite a lot of text, don't buy this."
76561198031697197,Recommended,246760,22656348,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Tacheron,"If you liked Disciples, Heroes of Might and Magic and similar games, get this. The main campaign is LONG, especially if you like to complete everything. Your hero crosses over from scenario to scenario, similar to HoM&M campaigns - you get to take all the gear your hero has equipped + sometimes some troops, items, gold etc."
76561198019320978,Recommended,246760,28439568,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,jadeux,"Excellent game. Interesting story, decent combat. Highly recommended."
76561198052575681,Recommended,246760,17065783,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,woefreeman,"A fun, engaging game that makes me want to finish it and get to the games conclusion. I think this is a unqiue game and will be a classic in a few years. I hope you all give it a try, this is a long game with alot of detail and worth the money. When modders create more campaigns, this game will have endless replay value =]"
76561198106055058,Recommended,246760,28385311,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,yurand2,Very nice game. The story is interesting and battles are very fun. Worth it's price.
76561198044619825,Recommended,246760,21170860,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,mcmorris23,"This is a fun RPG game with an engaging story and satisfying quests. Well done for an independant developer.The primary difference between LoE and other turn-based-combat games is that you do not get to attack whoever you want in battle. You must attack the closest emeny to you. This allows for less strategy in battle and makes battles more difficult. Thus, it is important that you arrange your ground troops correctly according to their initiative, front row to back row, otherwise an infantry man will get stuck behind another troop and not be able to act until that troop is able to move. In the case of archers, you can attack anyone but the further away they are from the enemy the less damage they inflict.All in all, worth the money."
76561198057038727,Recommended,246760,21405222,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Ryal,"The gameplay of Legends of Eisenwald is close to Disciples 1 and 2. So, those who like Disciples will also like this one.Story rich and very interesting game."
,Recommended,246760,24170183,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ElevatedThought86,"10/10Would highly recommend it. Great RPG/Midevil adventure game. And with the editor and ability to make your own maps and missions the sky's the limit on the type of quests you wish to embark upon. Some game are worth the asking price, some aren't. This one certainly is. Buy it full price, worth it. If you see it on sale, get it, that's a no brainer."
76561198031100409,Recommended,246760,11671487,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Searis,"Any dissatisfaction I had was with Steam posting unclear information. As is, I understand now that this game is in early access and not complete. What is finished is enjoyable. There are some bugs but for being early access they are few and being adressed. Overall I would recommend buying for the 3 complete chapters in the main campaign and 2 scenarios. The games gives a Bauldur's Gate type rpg to a Disiples type game. Commanding your hero and his/her custom party thru multiple maps and so far the begining of an engrossing story. I look forward to completed project."
76561198007309098,Not Recommended,246760,21184077,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ampoliros,"I can only rate this game a 2 out of 5.I like the concept and generally how the game works, but there are inconsistencies with the urgency of quests as well as the relative difficulty of encounters vs when you're expected to fight them.In ""Way Home"" there is no urgency whatsoever to any of the quests.  You can complete them in any order you wish and take as much time as you need.  In ""Run Away"" you can't dally/explore at all as is normal in isometric RPGs or Berthold catches you.The difficulty is also quite unforgiving, even on ""Normal"", for a few of the encounters that are expected to be fought early on new screens before you have a chance to build up your squad."
76561198006435283,Recommended,246760,16979419,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,PoorNBroken,"This is obviously a niche game.  Having said that, this is my type of game.  If you enjoy leveling up units, equipping them, small unit tactics, conquering a piece of the game, a little exploration, and a little story for cohesion, this is your game."
76561198008795902,Recommended,246760,16962377,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Monocause,"LoE is a very solid experience. Beautiful visuals, interesting writing, great music (I particularly love the church chant track) and an underused (more low fantasy titles please!) setting. The combat system seems to be confusing for many users here but please disregard most of the negative reviews given due to 'simplistic' combat - once you understand the system you realise there's actually quite a few layers of complexity there. Kudos to the devs for trying something new instead of following the HoMM/KB formula.There are flaws here and there, ones you'd usually expect from an indie dev - tooltips issues, exploit opportunities, minor stability issues etc - but these don't detract from the title's enjoyability. If you like TBS, and particularly if you like the concept behind the newer King's Bounty games but grew tired over how repetitive they get, grab it."
76561198011357793,Recommended,246760,14129887,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Smokerunner,"I have been following this game since it practically first came on Steam in its early early release days.  It has come a long way since then and I think it is well worth the price.  The development team is very responsive and friendly.  You can tell they really put their hearts into making this game.Legends of Eisenwald is a story based game with RPG  and turn based strategy elements.  The story is the element that ties the whole game together.  I would say if you like medieval settings, good story, non-linear storylines and RPG/strategy elements you should check this game out!"
76561197982034921,Recommended,246760,16854138,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ShieldsRiver,"Honestly I wasn't expecting much from the game, yet for some unknown reason I still got it. So I have only played a little bit but I am loving this game so far. I'm not generally one to review a game but thought I would for this one. So I'll just give a rundown.Story-9Gameplay-8.5Sound-8Visuals-9FINAL---8.7Note: This is short review so I might add on to it later when I feel like it :P but anyways this is a good solid game. From what I have read from the other reviews it seems to have delievered. It is your munies worth, but if you're still on the fence about this game maybe wait for a better sale."
76561198016754998,Recommended,246760,18467360,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,pierre.roduit,"This game is surprisingly intertaining, strategic and with a well built dark storyline."
,Recommended,246760,28248156,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Bartrulz88,Awesome RPG. Old school feel with nice story and addicting but simple combat.
76561197970508773,Recommended,246760,18435698,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tankred,"Really well made Indie RPG/Turn-based Strategy with a captiviting story in a low fantasy setting, inspired by German folklore. The combat system is reminescent of Discples and Might&Magic , but in a low fantasy setting, so no fireballs and chain lightning , but you can still play a mage character, which is actually one of the more interesting choices in the usual Knight/Rogue♥♥♥♥♥Archer/ Mage trope .The setting, playing in late medieval Germany, is NOT historically accurate, but low fantasy with a little magic , a bit less than, lets  say, The Black Eye, but theres still  mages and undead and whatnot.For this price,  a real indie gem, with a lot of work and attention obviously put into it."
,Recommended,246760,24135648,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Apocalypze,Awesome game bottom line! If you enjoy strategy and roleplay games.No need to type alot of game jargon that people give up reading after the second sentence. The story line was great and if you like playing games at your own pace and speed pausing whenever you'd want to this is the game for you.I enjoyed playing this with my steam link on the bigscreen! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
76561198073375206,Recommended,246760,25585437,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Shan (Fisto),Really enjoyed the story and the mulltiple play throughs to see all the variations
76561198047572070,Recommended,246760,17282158,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Ivanhoe58,"Great game. Difficult to stop playing. Here and there running through the map over and over again becomes a bit tedious, but nevertheless one keeps playing. There are some minor glitches, but not so much as it would keep you from playing. Maybe it's too short, and I doubt the replayability value. The combat system is nice, whatever other people may say in their comments. To say the truth I hate RTS-gaming and that may be one of the reasons I like this ""old school"" gameplay a lot. In hindsight one migth say that the storyline is too straightforward, there are clearly no alternative outcomes. But what do you want from an indie game. For its price it's value for money."
76561197977217691,Recommended,246760,12569456,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Fragginz,Really impressed! Is a little fiddle to get used to but I am hooked. 8/10 keep up the great work devs.
76561198008782952,Recommended,246760,26318965,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,zimmer550,"Not a masterpiece, but still a fun game. Great writing."
76561198040711515,Not Recommended,246760,26414586,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mrbunnyban,"It is with a heavy heart that I write this review.The story is compelling.  I actually find the story refreshing (if somewhat linear, this is not a sandbox game) and commend the developers on crafting an enagging tale that goes beyond the normal cliches.The core gameplay, i.e the tactical battles is pretty good. It takes some getting used to but the seemingly obtuse combat mechanics are there to allow tactics to protect your more vulnreable party members and try to strike at vulnerable enemy targets. Tip: You can look at enemy formations beforehand and adjust your formation accordingly.So why did I stop playing halfway throught the campaign and couldn't bring myself to complete the game? Grind. Save your main protaganist, all other members of your party are typically not carried forward from one scenario/map to the next. The trouble is that party mebmers can level up just like your protaganist and upgrade into elite troops. It goes without saying the scenario's end battle requires a full complement of elite troops. But all my efforts in training party members is lost every change of map. It feels horrible.I probably should have just used the cheat codes to auto-level the fresh recruits I get at the start of every new map. But this is not without its drawbacks since the early encounters in new maps are balanced for fresh recruits. Ugh. Anyway, I couldn't bring myself to keep playing in spite of the positive values of ths game. If this is issue is not a deal breaker for you, I highly recommend getting this game if you like tactical combat and an engaging linear story.I'm probably going to look up story spoilers."
76561198089989828,Recommended,246760,34434106,Posted: 23 August,all,floboug,"Hard to progress, quest are somewhat mysterious and combat a bit too hard. Some would like that. Thumb up in that case."
76561198018702200,Recommended,246760,17033464,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Skinna McGee,I started playing in early access and watched the game get better and better.  The story is great and I enjoy the combat. The training and countless battles you fight with your lowly recruit who becomes an amazing soldier makes it truly sad if they die.  I had issues with a save file not transfering properly after early access became the full game and within an hour of posting the issue I not only had a response from a Dev of the game but they assisted me and we came to a soulution! Could not believe how fast they helped and how willing he was to solve my issues and ensure I experienced all the game had to offer! I would recommend anyone who is a fan of this genre to give this game a shot!
76561198053105472,Recommended,246760,17092959,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Lanfirus,"Cool game. It's a pity that such athmospheric and live game don't have a good commercial success, so it's quite likely that there will be no DLC or extensions..."
76561198202575539,Recommended,246760,28475537,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,geo_dk1989,Really really nice game.It woth the money
76561198006644191,Recommended,246760,19548160,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Myshkin,Wish they had kept the battle system of disciples 2 as it was.
76561197994601982,Recommended,246760,20258242,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,tyrell,"prettly looking game, rich lorethere is a good let's play for this game by KillTenRats:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXkQF7HC8gaDabAQWr8E3H34mE7CC-MIg"
76561198039878745,Recommended,246760,17073299,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Aiven,Great game if you liked disciples or kings bounty
76561197985589039,Recommended,246760,17073997,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"Very very good, you can see from the screenshots the type of game you are getting, only i would say this could be the best of it genre."
76561198007695538,Recommended,246760,17158448,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Tyrus The Red,"It looked interesting and i bought it on an impulse. really surprised how much I have enjoyed it. Really nice graphics, I really like the combat, and the story is great. I highly recommend this game."
76561197964939117,Recommended,246760,17363626,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Harsi,"This is very good little strategy, very small area unit (melee, archer and spellcaster) battles. Hero and companions go around, do quests to gain money and items. Good weapons and armor and other stuff is important, so money is needed to buy better stuff. And you attack enemy castles to get them and then you have little income..This is story related game, not just some strategy game. Game starts and hero follows to plot to different areas, there is lot of text reading sometimes, and then you know where to go and what to do, and there is special rewards to do something what is not even quest.Knight, spellcaster and archer are your companions (whomever you want to recruit), and you are yourself one of them (chosen at start). There is small character development ""road"", and your decisions are important, if you choose wrong road when levelling game can become difficult. And your companions level up too, but at the beginning they are left behind when you travel, so most important is your own character. So far i have liked the world, it is hard place and you must make some not so kind decisions if you want to survive, but it was the world then....."
76561198057424178,Recommended,246760,11678079,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Achaeus,"So, I've only played about 13 hours so far, and I have to write a review. Just because it's Early Access, I like how the game is going and whatnot, and I want them to continue improving!Gameplay: this is a hardcore RPG. Turn based, Hex based combat, upgrade your characters, and their equipment, take castles, and cities. It's pretty good. It's a good user interface, gameplay works well. It's really addictive. I'm only on the third chapter, but I'm looking forward to the rest. This game is going to be HUGE!Soundtrack: My wife often asks me who's playing with the soundtrack on this game, excellent music.I don't really have anything negative to say about this game. It's early access so yes, there's the minor bug here and there, but it's extremely playable, and really good. Anything I have issue with, has been said already, and will be addressed in future updates. The dev's are pretty awesome on working on what the players say. Hope you give it a shot, and enjoy!"
76561198107563435,Recommended,246760,16635755,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,swordmou10,"It's a great game. Love that it's medieval. Would play it alot longer if my laptop could run the graphics this game has, even on lowest settings. XD So amazing grahics if I hadn't made that clear.PROS:-Medieval-Very well done inventory screen.-Combat is actually fun. No movement points, you fight and your enemy attacks back as soon as you do, so it isn't turn based, but more delayed combat between attacks.CONS:-Cannot move around the map. You're always stuck where your character is on the map.-If you run into anyone on the map, automatically you talk to them even if you don't want to.-The inventory screen, while well done, does have the problem that the armor you put onto your characters does not show up on the model."
76561198007516932,Recommended,246760,33416930,Posted: 9 July,all,noemiecrat,The Game is A Lot of Fun![edit: my problem was solved by taking Alexander's advice for a full WIN 10 cold boot --- thank you very much Good Sir!!! spasibo =)]After 27.0 hrours the game has failed to load or start anew in any way.Entropy sets in:It fails when doing a 'AI Battle test battle freeze' on load of any and all saved games - have to click 'OK' forty times exactly (every time) - then crash with a divide by zero.A new game just fails to start after character choices are taken - then crash with divide by zero.It's a big shame and just started this afternoon (July 9 PST).I reinstalled and checked intergrity of the program in Steam.Deleting most 'saved games' does not fix this problem.Thumbs Up  [edit]
76561197972462277,Recommended,246760,35193327,Posted: 24 September,all,chriskessel,"I'll give this a thumbs up, but I will say it wasn't what I was hoping for. I was expecting something of a 4X game with tactical battles. Building up my armies, improving my troops, and conquering my enemies. Instead, it's more of a set of tactical battles largely gated by ""fetch the foozle"" quests. You finish a quest, which has a few battles, to unlock the next quest, and so on.The battles are good and there's a surprising amount of trickery possible given the restrictive movement and attack rules. If you enjoy those battles, that's enough to keep going. For me, it wasn't quite enough. I needed a bit more context and a bit more control over the development of my troops. Also, in my 13 hours I only ever had one leader that could command troops. I'm not sure if that changes later, but it added to the feeling of this being just a sequence of scripted tactical battles.It's a thumbs up because for what it does, it does it very well. It's just not the full strategy game I personally was hoping to get."
76561198049949381,Recommended,246760,20776359,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,lancelot2001ca,"A good strategy-story game.I don't think you can take any decisions though... I have not seen any kind of difference whether you do this or that, it always gets the same result in the end. :/  The game has the possibility to have multiple paths in the story but the designers did not exploit that at all it seems... how unfortunate. It kills the replayability of the game. Once you finish it once, I doubt you will play again right away, maybe next year, maybe never."
76561198065079713,Recommended,246760,31773535,Posted: 15 May,all,siddie,The game really shines! Enjoyed every aspect of it. Respect to the crew and their talent. Having played the game I can guess they love and enjoy what they are doing. And this pays off.
,Recommended,246760,18089926,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,HelgeM,"The game you have been waiting for since HOMM 3. It has the atmosphere, the characters and the story. Do not mistake it for a proper role-playing game or other genres it is not - play it as the best HOMM campaign you have ever seen. It is great!"
76561198027179912,Recommended,246760,18727981,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rimka,"Legends of Eisenwald is a very nice RPG, with good graphics, good music/sounds and good storyline, only downside for me was somewhat simplistic combat and sometimes quests are not very well explained which leads to some frustration, i would still recommand it to any RPG turn based medieval era game lover."
76561198009789591,Recommended,246760,17775187,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Gasdrubal,"Very good story, interesting tactic battles"
,Recommended,246760,17374950,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Quaaludes,Honestly when I first saw this game I was slightly sceptical. That said after only 20 mins of playing I was hooked. Its easy to learn and the story is interesting. If you have some extra money and are looking for a nice single player game I highly recommend this one.
76561198007497376,Recommended,246760,17015016,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,FIRAT,Not bad.Worth buying
76561198031624161,Recommended,246760,17133822,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"I loved this game , won't be everyones cup of tea , but if you like midevil area games this is a winner."
,Recommended,246760,11875302,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Mr.Gold,Excellent game is all I can say. It really draws you in. It has an excellent character development and the story is very good. Kind of feels like Heroes of Might and Magic III which is one of the games I have played the most over the years. Really recommend this game to anyone who enjoys great game mechanics.
76561198007534183,Recommended,246760,29239713,Posted: 13 January,all,planning2SUE,"If strategy/rpg is your like....you will love this gameIs a little like an old game called Darklands...but this is better as it has a better storylineI wondered if anyone would ever do a remake of Darklands, as it was a great game for its timeI doubt the developer meant too...but he nailed it IMO"
76561198012290336,Recommended,246760,22537154,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TimeFury,"Killed all my vassals,Got the title of Crusader,Killed all my friends,Burned down the Cathedral,Totaly worth it."
76561198006718974,Recommended,246760,17014421,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Glaeken,"Amongst the best surprises I had buying early access games on Steam !I thought at first I'd possibly enjoy a more merry looking clone of Disciples but Legends of Eisenwald got so much more in store.First it is rich of an enticing story in the main campaign, full of turmoil and wicked twists, moral dilemnas and heartbreaking choices. Also, the quest system is truly old school. No hand holding walk in a theme park here. (perhaps a tad bit too cryptic sometimes but that might just be me being a little slow ..).Then you got the combat mechanics : If you're a Turn based fan like I am, this game is quite the treat. Look quite simple at first but reveal its subtlety progressively as you're making your way through some hard fought battles and therefore more satisfying victories. In more than 60 hours I played in the main campaign, at no point the combats felt tedious, actually I was always asking for more !..Don't let its indie game looks deceive you, this one is a gem ! With devs who not only crafted a solid game but are very dedicated to insure their players get the best of it, through support on the forums and quick patches on very little number of issues (encountered the first one after some 40 hours of playtime), big editors should take example !..Now I just cross my fingers this ""little"" wonder generates enough revenues for its authors so they can expand it in the future. I'd be a total sucker for an expansion with sandbox mode ;)"
76561198332439145,Not Recommended,246760,33937473,Posted: 31 July,all,davidwinterbury,"I had high hopes for this game, but although it has some interesting aspects it's simply not very engaging. The combat is very basic indeed. The story is confusing and objectives are often vague. There is just something unsatisfactory about the game in my opinion. The presentation is sometimes detailed and charming, as in the inventory, and the medieval setting is interesting. But it just fails to involve the player and doesn't play very smoothly. Potential is there alright, but it needs a lot more polish and depth."
,Recommended,246760,8773408,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Ludlum,"It seems like it could one day be a great game, but there are currently alot of bugs (crashes, missing questlines?) and I would really like to have voice acting!  Still, I'm hoping the official release will show alot of those things fixed."
76561198009897511,Recommended,246760,13976918,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,chardogan,"Interesting game. Still has a few bugs, but I am sure that will be fixed with the full release. Also kind of short, went through the 'main' story in only a few hours, and that was when I wasn't sure what I was doing. There are also a few translation errors, but those are a bit minor. Only improvement I can think of right now is the expansion of the quests. A few of the quests have a 'choice' option but as you progress the choices are made for you, forcing you to do something that you otherwise would not have done in gameplay. The price/Gameplay ratio as of this moment is not worth the $20 pricetag, but I can see a lot of potential."
76561198018708904,Not Recommended,246760,19115242,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ph_em,"I really wish that there was a ""indecisive"" button because I do not dislike the game completely.It is a very special game that really has some very strong points and the potential to be very entertaining.But there are some points that I really, really don't like.First: The language in the dialogues is not very fluent and makes it hard to concentrate on what it is about. I find myself skipping almost every dialogue because there is just so much to read and often very little point in doing so.At least for me, the dialogues fail to make me feel like I am ""in the game"", they simply bore me and look so similar and superficial.Second: In many instances, I get the feeling that some options and possible choices are not yet implemented. Maybe it really is that way but this is just another point where the game's atmosphere lacks some depth.In general, I have a feeling that the game is far from being ""polished"" right now. It is a nice game and I guess that players of very similar games will really like this one, but for me it is not the game I thought I would get. I just don't feel captured in the game's atmosphere and story."
,Recommended,246760,7382989,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Jafar,So much fun! An RPG/Strategy game done right. I can't wait for it to be completed!
,Not Recommended,246760,11707957,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Sebathius,"I'm very mixed about my review, especially since this game is in early access level and in the middle of being worked on. I really REALLY want to like this game and my pros almost outweigh the cons but after careful consideration Ive come to the conclusion that overall unless they make some drastic changes to the game, I wouldnt in good conscience recommend it. Now its not a very expensive game, so maybe its still worth trying it out and finding out if you can ignore the major cons that pushed the scales out of balance for me. My review is purely informative, though I have to admit the game's frustration level outweighed my objectionable standing.While this game looks much like Heroes of Might and Magic and Kings Bounty in how the combat system looks and overall map systems are designed and played, the combat you would expect and how static buildings are handled are very different. If you are looking for another version of M&M or Kings Bounty, This game is not it.Combat takes place with single units instead of mass groups, and limitations on how many units you can have are based on how many castles you own. The castles only other benefit is that if you are attacked while in a castle, before your army is engaged the opposing unit gets wounded based on its level and defense. Siege equipment is not present at this time in this game at all.So far from I have seen, you have a starting base of six units you can have (including your hero) and you get an additional unit per castle you own. For example, if you have one castle you can support one hero, two foot troops, two archers, a healer, and a priest. Im going to break down what the units are like in Pros (because I do like their versions) and other ideas the game excelled and is severely hampered by below.Pros and Cons:Pros:Makes great use of the German historical background and some of its mythos. It really tries to immerse you in that culture of the medieval dark periods in its campaign.The art and music is by far enticing like few games out there and makes great effort to keep in the tradition of Germanic arms and equipment of the time period.Equipment is very easy to understand in terms of bonuses they apply to your units.The Tutorial slowly integrates you into the functions of the game rather well.Units consist of Melee, Ranged, Healing, Buffing, and limited Magic classes that really well integrate into the historical setting.Units promote into different options and provide interesting additions to your game, each unit can be customized with gear.While combat is predominately a ""Con"" for me in this game (see below), it does make sense that the front line limits melee from engaging in the secondary and tirtiary line of defense. I sincerely wish games like King's Bounty and M&M had that limitation in their games as well.The Journal is very useful though it could be better streamlined when giving you notes in ""Additonal Information"" on where to find quests..I stumbled around a lot trying to find some locations that are not immediately available unless you find yourself close to them.Cons:Movement in combat is a happenstance; Melee units are directed by the computer towards specific targets. a Melee unit cannot move just anywhere on the hex board, they may delay their action to move them to the bottom of the turn line once, but hereafter MUST engage in units directed by the computer with no other alternatives. If they do not have skills that they can use instead (for example, if you have a peasant that would most likely die if he engages with another by himself) he must engage since he has no other skills to avoid that engagement. A unit's only other move instead of to engage into combat (outside of skills like parry, counter strike, as an example), is to retreat one or two spaces from an already engaged fight.Healers, Mages, and Ranged Units cannot move except to retreat from a melee unit. They can only do their functions such as attack or heal, they are rooted to the spot otherwise. There's no moving to a better position in this game at all, and when suggested to the developers that this is a weakness to the game, they were steadfast that this would never change, as it would require a complete rework of the programming.This may be a condition of the early access situation, so this one is not a severe con since it can be reworked or streamlined, but it should be mentioned. Sometimes healers will not have certain targets available to heal, regardless of how wounded the unit may be. Ive contacted the developers on the topic and I was assured the game is working properly and that most likely the unit was trying to buff the units instead of healing them since as healers are promoted they get multiple spell options. This was not the case but by the response I was pretty sure there was no point in discussing the matter anymore (especially after the pointless conversation to cover movement in combat).The Market has a major limitation in that you cannot take something that your units are wearing and swap it out for something else. In order to upgrade, you must first buy the item you want, leave the market, switch items, go back to the market and then sell the item.In the second chapter of the campaign game, four different leaders ask you to destroy two of their opponents for them to help you. One of those leaders sits in the large town and is not accessable in order to destroy that opponent. You can take his castles and land holdings but it will not count towards destroying him unless you confront him as well. Once you declare war on him, he will no longer be accessable.The campaign in the third chapter is rather punishing. You are limited to jump through obstacles that require you to wait on other enemy units (which I dont want to spoil it for you, so Im being perposefully vague here) and at the same time are run down by an impossible adversary that requires you to keep on the run. After trying to play that section as specified by the game by its rules, I finally gave up when that impossible adversary showed up.In conclusion, at this moment while I believe the game has extreme potential, unless they make changes to the combat system I cant emphatically suggest or recommend such a game system...especially since a game like this is anchored around its combat system. The campaign is nothing without it. If changes occur during development of course Ill be happy to come in and redo my review when (or if) that happens."
76561198140435102,Recommended,246760,29186305,Posted: 11 January,all,savvym,"I could not get out of this game for two days now, I highly recommend the game for:Story - main and side quests contain a lot of storytelling and take you throught whole mapBattles - near to death challenges which means more tactical planningRPG element - making unique units though they look the same, but have different statsGraphics - incredible world, big enough to catch what is surrounding yourself while travellingDownside is only that I meet minimal recommedations but the game is laggy (but works) and you can not play it in full-screen and can not optimize it to lower or higher settings, only having some effects and shadows options. It is pitty as I would rate this game much higher. But if you have strong computer, this is not a problem for you.I play on Normal difficulty but is sometimes seems impossible to defeat some enemies and would not recommend you to go higher difficulty unless you played this before. It has a lot of stories to tell, the fights are fast for this kind of game style and tactical thinking is important and game makes you explore whole map before even having a chance to finish it.It is not hard to understand, it is close to realism with a bit of fantasy stories which are made up but even game itself offers you units which use super powers (healing and empowering your defenses) together with healing potions and the ones making you stronger in some way. There is RPG element to it, you can manage what your hero and units wear (armors, rings, amulets, weapons, horses) and how they should upgrade, for example monk can be adding defense to your mellee units or being a melee himself or your archer become strong scrossbowman or archer with better initiative and so on.You get to see your units stats and skills before upgrading them, game is not so much explained and you mostly explore for yourself and it does not spoil you in the beginning with a lot of generic boring stuff what you can do.1 map - Tutorial-consists of few places and introduces you well into game with some simple story and fights and new units comming in but it is not all.2 map - 1 Campaign-bigger and your main goal is to defeat strong army which I was only able to defeat after taking most of the estates on map.3 map - 2 Campaign-less open and being pushed towards a corridor due to little time (no spoiler) so a lot of dialogues and fights happen in short time compared to second map where you could simply collect money from your few estates, attack weaker bandits and leveling up yourself towards the final battle of outpost. However, now you are pushed to act quickly.4 map - Extended 2 Campaign-one road, one enemy, one ally, very short extension. At the beginning you lose one unit, at the end another but their equipment goes to your inventory, very unusual.More info coming after I get further in the campaign."
,Recommended,246760,8107759,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ninja of the Bedroom,Pretty good game that filled a niche in TBS/Hero leveling with a fairly open map.  Developers are on top of issues and the game is stable.  Gameplay has decent depth too it but does lack complex strategies found in other TBS.Well worth $14.99 and is one of the best greenlights I've seen so far.
76561197992135430,Recommended,246760,8749915,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,SouthLane,"I am usually very fussy about any game that are any of the following; RPG, story-line, turn based tactical combat.In my first hour of play Legends of Eisenwald pressed all the right buttons.  The game flows like liquid, there is no clunky interface to struggle with, it looks to have been extremely well thought out.The story so far is simple yet gripping, not the usual dribble you get with this sort of game.  The graphics are beautiful, and along with the music really match the atmosphere perfectly.Just by playing the game you can see that the project is a work of love and not profit.I was a little worried that the combat would be boring, but my fears were unfounded.  The combat is very easy to get into but complex to master, whether you loose half you units, or none can depend simply on your initial placement.This game is early access and cost £12 and is worth every penny.  I cannot see anyway that you could be disappointed with Legends of Eisenwald."
76561197970737596,Recommended,246760,8765164,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Skylan,"Having played through the current beta release, I have to endorse this game. While it could use more character customization (gender selection for classes, perhaps a few more classes, and talents per class) it is solidly put together, and plays very well."
76561198008778965,Not Recommended,246760,12014718,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,CromX,"Do not buy this game. As mentioned by many here the game is completely shallow and in no way compared to any 4x games out there. At the strategical level there is no empire building at all. You have one wandering party you control with simplistic recruiting. There are a few wandering mobs to fight.At the tactical level there is no depth. Even ignoring the lack of spell effects and other graphical elements there is no combat gird that you can use. You have no control over where your units get positioned in battle and really it matters very little anyways as there are no deep game mechanics that make that useful (Like FF tactics os any RPG strat game).You merely click on an enemy, and your character will walk the ENTIRE length of the combat field to that person and mindlessly attack. The AI is absent completely, and is why these features are not there. There is some very crude path-finding and a simplistic algorithm for targeting units which the AI uses and that is it.Character customization is a farce. You can change the way your shield and weapon look. That is it. So don't get fooled into thinking you can customize your character.Oh and by the way, you cannot level your character in this game. Its bugged right now, when you load up your game from a save it forgets all of your upgrades in the skill tree. So you will be a level 6 character with no skills. This game should not be on steam it makes me doubt every indy developer out there."
76561198029014368,Recommended,246760,16955565,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,dartonita,"To be honest i was not impressed with this game when i bought the early access version.Played for a while but it was just not for me and had some gamebreaking bugs.Just tried the full version and i cant stop playing.It is awesome, i recommend to everyone who ever enjoyed HOMM.Has some flaws ofc. but compared to similar games of this genre, it quickly became one of my favs.The combat mechanism is a bit boring after a while but the environment, music and graphics are very nice.Also i like the character development and how your choices form the world and the different factions, lords.Quests usually can be solved in different ways,Hopefully we will have some updates and DLC-s for this game.Dont hesitate to get it, if you are a fan of turn-based rpg/strategies, this game is for you too."
76561197972802479,Not Recommended,246760,17115620,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,[SWITCH]GorosXavier,"The game does not start. Giving an error directly when loading the standard campaign.I gave a bad review during developemt. Upon relase i removed this to give the game a new chance.The game does not deliver what was promised: a functioning game.Bug reporting is through outlook, so completely useless if the user uses cloud email.Wase of money, do not buy"
76561198023507159,Recommended,246760,17682250,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,the.grognard,"This is a weird game in terms of game play.  Mostly in good ways.Make sure you pay attention to your quest log, read everything, and talk to everyone.  If you do that you'll do fine."
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,246760,31060888,Posted: 10 April,all,Gorgeous_Joe,"Clunky; is how best to describe this game.I had forgotten about this title all together having bought it way back in 2014/5 on pre release. I liked the way it was developing and looked forward to a rich story driven adventure collecting companions and wondorous equipment along the way.Sadly it isnt very different from what i can tell from pre release other than there is more of it and in truth it was a little dated in terms of game design back in 2014 but I thought it looked like it was going to have some new innovative ideas but once again sadly this appears not to be the case in fact there are some awful design choices in the game.The map you trundle around on......you can't actually pan around. You have to click somewhere along the route to get to where you want to go. Want to click on the map in the corner to set a destination......sorry no. Want to move around the map to look for something......sorry no. Want to drudge around drearily to your next possible destination only to figure out that it was on the other side of the map......yes you can do that a lot.In combat for example you cannot move tactically; you can only move towards the nearest enemy. If your archer is engaged in melee with someone with a shield they cant hit them unless they have a skill to overmatch. Your healers/priests/rear line do not even have a weapon to attack with in melee. Healing is next to useless in a tactical sense as most armies/groups will kill at least one of your people before your healer gets a turn (a useful turn)The whole balance of the game feels very off; to start with you struggle very hard to gain xp and manage injuries and gold and then all of a sudden you are capturing castles and don't have a care about gold.......the xp is still an awful grind though.The story driven narative was interesting at first but eventually just turned into click click click what fetch and carry quest dear peasant would you have your mighty lord carry out for you today type of thing. Also the quests themselves can be quite baffling and the log is no help; vague is putting it midly. You simply only have to google the undead graveyard quest to see a litany of baffled seekers; one of which even trolls, and rightly so, one of the developers who decides to post in the thread.I will admit there is something about the game that keeps you playing but after the first chapter i just couldn't face the thought of levelling every sinlge character in my party again, despite figuring out how to use potions out of combat by this stage......there is no tutorial as such; wait there is it just doesnt cover things like potions. Oh yes they game on every new chapter strips you of items.......gold.......party members but you do get to keep your carry over on the final chapter from what im told. Can i skip ahead to that last chapter then so my hours of play don't feel like such a dissapointment every time i complete a chapter......sadly no you can'tThere are older and better games out there that do this better than this title; it had a lot of promise in pre release but sadly it never lived up to that promise."
76561197987838464,Recommended,246760,34804550,Posted: 7 September,all,madrigal,"So far I like this game because you can turn the timer on and turn the speed up so that map travel is not pokey slow.  Or you can turn the timer off so that nobody moves unless you do.  This is a great feature to be able to adjust the game travel speed.  People complaining about it being slow maybe didn't notice this feature.  There's an auto-combat feature to speed up combat, but I haven't used it yet.  The strategy, leveling system, and combat are refreshingly different from HOMM and other similar games so you don't feel like it's just a clone.  Most of the fun is figuring out by oneself how it all works.  The artwork is well-done but not flashy.  The game seems solid, no crashes or interface problems.  It feels a bit low-budget in some ways, but nothing is broken.  There is a nice balance between combat and questing.  I give it 8/10."
76561198032844634,Recommended,246760,7488209,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Knacker,"Game excellent, in the spirit of old kind rpg strategy. The plot very good, completely immerses in  the Middle Ages atmosphere.game is still ready not completely. beta test! Тo all who in a subject, I advise!Игра отличная, в духе старых добрых пошаговых рпг стратегий. Сюжет очень интересный, полностью погружает в атмосферу средневековья.Минус только один, игра еще очень сырая, идет бета! Но все равно, всем кто в теме советую!"
,Recommended,246760,26481388,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[DoMe] Jackson,An amazing game. well worth the small amount of money. alot of hours can be gained from this and there new addition.im also creating my own story in the editor which is also easy to use.
,Recommended,246760,11027121,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Avalon Cherazer,"if you are fond of old school turn based strategy like the PS brigandine or Brigandine expanded edition jap. or kings bounty and desciples this is a game for you. currently in this early access i enjoyed the game and not too long got too addicted with it. i love games that go turn based , you can hire units , can upgrade units and in here even equip units unlike other game minions where only the best gear goes to the boss. in this game you will learn how to use gold and equip all your party members.. the only thing missing in the game is maybe a bit more additional job tree. additional units and more class change maybe from humble beginings like for the peasant. well its still in beta so there are a lot more to happen. but im expecting a good game. bugs in the early access are quite still roaming arround , the missing resolution for me and mising texts or untranslated text are not much of an issue. but i wish they will be corrected by full game release."
,Recommended,246760,34753631,Posted: 5 September,all,Allveen,"Played since beta, and still believe this is one of the best turn based game on Steam. Superb!"
76561198181947038,Recommended,246760,20014255,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Branimir,Exellent game
76561197969029786,Recommended,246760,8033421,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Chris,"This game has a lot of potential.  It's still early in the development phase, and I am waiting with baited breathe for the final release."
76561198037089201,Not Recommended,246760,18908567,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,gruntoorbphobos,"C'mon really ?Okay on the pro side:+ nice sound+ nice location+ nice ideas+ nice ""medieval"" art style+ easy handling / simple game rulesNow the cons:- very linear story telling- very basic combat rules / possibilities (nothing for hardcore strategy-gamers)- average story- minimal rpg-aspects- no freedom at all ( In the tutorial I bought some items for my party - which left me after the tutorial. I thought I lost 1000 gold in items. So I started all over again ♥♥♥♥ing up my stupid party in the tutorial - guess what.... After the tutorial I started with the same fixed amount of gold I also had before. Please my dear game-makers let us players have some freedom some openess and let the game world be ""realistic"" I mean in the story of this game why did I lose 1000 gold on a boat trip ? Why do I have to start with the same budget helping my old party or letting them run around naked ?So far so good ... overall it's 5 of 10 stars."
76561198001810313,Recommended,246760,7966505,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kaesar,Lots of potential if you can see past the limitations and bugs of the early version.
76561198055181639,Recommended,246760,16891392,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,BlackCorsair,If you liked disciples 2 than this game is for you. I definitely do like it.
76561198075138125,Not Recommended,246760,32005293,Posted: 27 May,all,Redeemed,"The combat system is absolutely terrible.  It is ridiculous that you cannot even move your characters unless they can melee attack.  The field is tiny so there is not really far to go.Also this is supposed to be an RPG but the characters are shallow, the ability upgrades near useless.  I can not recommend this game even free."
,Recommended,246760,14194742,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[Krii] Wolfie,"[Edit] - Gave it another whirl recently and just as I had guessed, time has improved it (And all the hard work from the Devs)This game plays well and looks very pretty, but it really lacks depth at the moment.$20 Is a little too steep for what it currently has, but given time I think it'll be excellent."
,Recommended,246760,22408771,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,wozron,"One glorious evening, Heroes of Might and Magic made mad passionate love to King's Bounty on a bed stained with Mount and Blade. Nine months later, Legends of Eisenwald was born, and went on to become more than the sum of its parents.Very, very enjoyable.The combat system is a little quirky and the inability to simply click on the destination you want to travel to on the minimap  is a pain, but these are minor issues.Game takes about ten minutes to learn to play and it's all fun from there. I can see myself playing it for a long time."
76561198018403892,Recommended,246760,7356951,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,zanzibar_hero,"Its pretty decent and its still in early alpha... 15bucks is pretty cheap too... Overall, the soviets are coming up with some good turn based strategy games these days :)"
76561198046533999,Recommended,246760,7532347,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,davidhathaway88,"Excellent blend of role-playing and strategy. Reminds me of Final Fantasy Tactics, with its great story line and compelling characters."
,Recommended,246760,11606311,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Marty McFlash,"Changing my review.  I wasn't able to play for a month after purchasing, due to it crashing on startup. Their latest patch fixed that problem, so I finally got a chance to play it.Seems pretty decent so far. I'll definitely play it some more. Only have maybe 45 minutes of actual playtime.  Not sure how much I like some of the combat rules, but it hasn't been a dealbreaker yet.Worth a shot if you like turn-based strategy/rpgs."
76561197974038206,Recommended,246760,11665733,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Drax,First impression was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it grew on me. Shows promise.
76561198014468888,Recommended,246760,17448269,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,rraiten,"the tactical combat is good and brings in refreshing mechanics. the leveling of your soldiers is also a nice touch.the game also force you to make hard choices and they are getting harder as you progress which is also a big plus.on the down side there is too much running around the map back and forth to my taste and a lot of times the objectives are not clear enough. there are also some bugs and crashes but they are few enough to ignore.to summarize - some parts (combat mechanics, decisions, music) are great but others are just ok.overall i would give it 7/10."
76561198017165108,Recommended,246760,17504319,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ineo Mors,I dont often write reviews but this game was def worth the price tag.  Though I don't usually get into storylines it has a Deep and interesting story.   It also has many side quests that keep the game interesting.I might even play through on different characters.There were a few minor bugs but nothing that can't be worked around or figured out - i am sure devs will fix those too soon.If you like these types of games you will enjoy this one!
,Recommended,246760,17602083,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Kaiser Thurston,"Good game, definitely recommend."
76561198062001276,Recommended,246760,31452545,Posted: 29 April,all,Stang,This game is a lot of fun if you like turn based strategy games.
76561198074912718,Recommended,246760,11927412,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,wezza14,The people who are writing negative reviews for this game seem to be the people who want their hand hel through every puzzle and looks for walkthroughs when things get difficult. Some things are buggy and take a while to figure out but its early access deal with it instead of crying and giving bad reviews for good games.
76561198098426837,Recommended,246760,17324604,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,[Vanirs]Municher,"Wonderful surpirse! Great game based in middle-aged Germany. Tons of realistic lore in each village, hut, or burned out hovel. The quests are chose your own ending which is nice that your decisions actually have an affect on the game.The combat system seems balanced and fun. Its really hard to stop playing this game."
76561197990272176,Recommended,246760,16961722,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Sarmadon,There is some problem with russian language ...
76561198204424117,Recommended,246760,35096545,Posted: 20 September,all,Kaandyman,"I had no idea what this game was when I purchesed it, I was surprised at how much I actualy enjoyed it. A decent story line, multiple side quests, and choices that affect how your game plays out. Def recommend."
76561198006876294,Recommended,246760,23988478,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jin-Roh,"An interesting take on the rpg genre with some strategy elements. The story is quite intriguing, but the game takes a little getting used to. You assmble a group of troopers to your merry band but you lose them with each map change. You assemble of bunch of interesting equipment but you lose them when the map changes.There is hardly any emotional investment in the game and the instructions is spare. There are almost no tool tips. So upgrading your troop is really a choice on who wears the most appealing hat.Finally the English and quest note taking takes some getting used to as well. I 'get' that the game is going for a 'hardcore' audience and not the wow crowd, but still the instructions for each quest could be better. Did not realize there were time sensitive quests till I was deep into the second map.I'd recommend this game if its on deep discount. It's a decent game, but has some flaws."
76561197970363905,Recommended,246760,24083715,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Metus,like it
76561198035711196,Recommended,246760,34116928,Posted: 8 August,all,Fearless44,Great game
76561198023203865,Not Recommended,246760,12109677,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,tlp1954,"Being a huge Disciples fan, I was very high on this game to begin with; but it seems the more they tinker and add to it the worse it gets... Frustratingly long load times (over 10 minutes before it opened to the main screen) and buggy play have only turned me off of what could have been a great game... Will this game ever be finnished??? Until this game is complete, it will merely take up space on my hard drive... I recommend waiting until this game is complete..."
76561197970456109,Not Recommended,246760,12087150,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Godsdemon,"LoE is similar to the rest of the strategy genre. It does nothing new, and is very unforgiving with army combat. When you switch maps any troops you get attached to are gone. The game tho, doesnt go throught a ""rebuilding army"" phase like the player. I feel the original X com is more fun to play than this game. I had very high hopes and I'm thankful it wasnt expensive. Save your money and give another Idie game maker a chance elsewhere."
76561198012710904,Not Recommended,246760,18800626,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,peerless_rider,"I really wanted to like this game but now I am just glad I bought it when it was on a -50% offer.Disappointed to say the least.The interface is retro and basic but it serves its purpose and is usable. The battles, when you get over the dodgy pathfinding/target selection issues are fine. Nothing revolutionary but how much can you improve a turn-based, hex-grid combat sequence?This game makes you work. Its not handed to you on plate. Neither does it treat you like an idiot.And, once I got over my initial pre-conceptions and actually got into the game, I enjoyed wandering around the map, fighting and exploring. So all in all it doesn't sound that bad right? Well, for me, the problem is all the hours I invested in building up a little force, equipping them, choosing upgrades and deciding which partciular career path they were going to take. Then, you complete the current mission and whammo! There you are........alone......... and almost penniless. Your team has gone! All that time and effort you put in was for absolutely nothing!Now you kinda anticipate that when you get to the next mission the baddies are going to be tougher and better equipped (this is a TBS game after all), so you naturally want to take your team so you can cope with next mission, yes? Wel, no. What happens is you are droppped into the next map with only your characters gear and enough money to buy a bowl of gruel, should you happen upon an establishment that sells bowls of gruel, which you won't.The very next mission sees me recruiting a base level healer and two pitchfork wielding peasants. Have a guess how long they lasted against the pursuing bandits. Not very long at all., They die. There's nowhere else to recruit anymore peasants from and there are several waves of bandits heading your way that you simply cannot escape. It is totally pointless.Like I said at the top of this review, I really did want to like this game. I'm long in the tooth as a gamer. I go back to 1993  and The commodore Amiga and TBS games are my thing. But this one, well, my advice is not to bother. And that is all I have to say."
,Not Recommended,246760,23978440,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DoopShaker,"I bought the game because i read some of the reviews in here stating that its a good game, etc. BUT boy was i wrong, I mean Im a real big fan of turn based RPG and stuff but this game is quite bad actually. The figthing mechanics is too simple, healer with heal, swordsman, spearmen, bowman just click and do damage. Eventhough u can add items etc to each of ur squad member but it doesnt really effect the overall gameplay. I admit graphic is quite nice but the fighting mechanic is really boring. At this point i think heroes Might and Magic plays better then this game or even the crappy blackguard game fighting mechanic is somewhat okay compared to this. Not to mention you have to have lots of gold to heal ur party members in town, etc."
76561198052251901,Recommended,246760,33364053,Posted: 7 July,all,michaeldever,Loved it (& played through twice)
76561198079496308,Not Recommended,246760,22541417,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,cgrim,"I enjoy story lines and reading. A puzzling quest here and there is a great way to pass the time, but this game's missions are just annoying. I would stop constantly to look up a walk through to get through every side mission. 90% of the time information was missing. Example Mission: ""Get random guy drunk"". I go to the guy and there is no option for offering a drink or dialogue. I try several other options and still nothing. The quest giver didn't say anything specific, the mission notes don't give a lead. I search a walkthrough and eureka! I'm suppossed to get a special wine and convince the guy to drink it, but only after I have earned his trust by defeating a special renegade band. That was never instructed, nor hinted by any NPC. Missing information and poor writing make for frustration. The game has a wealth of potential, but I cannot in good concience recommend this title."
76561198035895594,Not Recommended,246760,17129479,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Diarrhingus,"My original review was about early access, but after revisiting this game a couple of times I have to say it has not improved. The UI is clunky and the graphics and animations are on par with early 2000s games. I thought it would be like a Heroes of Might and Magic game with a longer unit upgrade tree but there is no tactical gameplay at all. The two sides just wail on each other until one side wins. I honestly cannot believe this game is being sold for 30$ it should be more like 10$ to even be worth trying."
,Not Recommended,246760,18314203,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Richard Wong,"Legends of Eisenwald plays a little bit like King's Bounty, but unfortunately lacks some of the polishing (and a lot of game balance). That alone made this game a lot more frustrating, when making things just a bit easier or just a bit more apparent would have tipped the balance.The overhead map movement is an exercise in frustration because finding the correct path through the terrain isn't always immediately obvious. This led to a lot of pixel-hunting, something I thought we got rid of in the late 90s.UI is a bit of a mess, as well. One commenter noted that upgrading was a bit of a chore, since there isn't a way to figure out what unit upgrades do; unlike your hero upgrades, there's no tooltip to explain what an upgrade does, so choosing and saving/reloading was the norm. I stumbled upon this completely by accident, but right-clicking the upgrade tree for your units shows a tooltip of their upgraded abilities. I have no idea why this wasn't included in a regular hover tooltip, and this could have more clearly been highlighted in the tutorial.Finally, there are a lot of game moments where everything just feels unfair, without much warning. Spoiler alert: in the third act, you face zombies, which would be fine and dandy if I'd known that some units that are afraid of zombies will desert your army completely. I was put in an unwinnable situation since I'd chosen the ranged hero, and my whole front line disappeared. There isn't much build-up to this at all, and that alone put the stopper on any desire I had to play onwards.All in all, not recommended."
76561198078647926,Recommended,246760,8763798,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Sexymir Putin,I love this game i think its great but on the second chapter of the main stroryline called runaway after I help the miner ambush all the bandits and kill them. Berthold shows up and he always gets to me before i can get to the right mine to go underneath the mountain and his army is too strong to beat so basically I can't advance through the game without staring the whole game again because there is no restart chapter option im basically screwed. It frustrates me i cant do anything about it I hope some one adds the option to restart chapters so i have a chance. If anyone can help me let me know thanks.
,Not Recommended,246760,23828966,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,EssenceOfDragons,Quite bad optimized
76561198039639247,Recommended,246760,30430973,Posted: 10 March,all,Dikstra,Pleasant music and an excellent story.
76561198022699144,Recommended,246760,23851078,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kenny,"Its a good game I love the graphic and history background and music. But I played the extreme hard mode after like 100 hours it becomes boring. Anyway, its really suck u have to start over which means lose all ur companions in every chapter."
76561198073248322,Not Recommended,246760,8705671,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,debnisme,"I purchased this game with high hopes. It had all of the elements I was looking for, and at first I was not disappointed. But haveing said that the game is incomplete. It has too many bugs that prevent smooth game play, and I often have diffecuties even getting the game to boot up. I do hope that the developers finish this game, because I really like what they have done so far, its just not complete."
,Not Recommended,246760,11644015,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Kynrav,"i want to like it, but i really dont.saving doesnt work half of the time, they give hints ingame to complete quests but even with those hints its impossible(given that the hint was she lives at green stone street didnt really help)sometimes the game bugs and you soldiers die and you cant revive them anymore, so you have to kick them out of your army but hé guess what, they still count toward the total pop cap.maybe in sometime when they fix these basic bugs it will be fun, but untill then not even worth its money on 50% off sale"
,Not Recommended,246760,18342263,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Cognitive,"This game hardly feels meaningful. It's not intuitive at all.Things I like:Things I don't like:- First time I tried to play the game: ""The system worked too long. Restart the computer to start the game."" Wtf?- While creating your first custom game there is no information at all on how things will affect the game.- While creating custom games there is only 1 choice to make, and that is your class.- Texts are not very clear. It's difficult to read + and -.- The environment has several places you can visit, but each of them do absolutely nothing, unless you have a quest for the place. Then you end up running back and forth because you must do everything in a specific order.It feels meaningsless and it annoys me. This is the opposite of open ended."
76561198034547672,Not Recommended,246760,17034320,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,King Aerys II Targaryen,"If you like Heroes of might and magic, Do not buy this game at all!It does not have any skirmish and only follows a rather dull storyline.I already fell asleep within the first 8minutes.When I realised I bought a dull game I went to steam support asap.I have also send A refund request hopefully it will be allowed!"
76561198034916917,Not Recommended,246760,17616580,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Immaletyoufinish,Glorified mobile app game.
76561198037656085,Not Recommended,246760,17186676,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,rwerskine,"Don't be fooled, this game is still in BETA. You're paying for early access, read some of the forums if you don't believe me they still don't even have sound crashes squared away.I love the genre, but this game is garbage left to bake in the sun. The game play is sophomoric and the indie team never botherd to hire a writer. The story is terrible and the characters don't really have a consistent voice. The plot makes huge leaps without really connecting anything together.Don't bother getting attached to your men/women because they are taken from you every chapter change for no good reason.Disappointing game. 2/10"
76561197970931755,Recommended,246760,16007769,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,owl99,Loving this game cannot wait for full release
76561198026668480,Recommended,246760,8703532,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,-DI- Kronos,For this game to be very Buggy and glitchy. hoping patch or patches are created to solve the many graphics and game play problems
76561198030785784,Not Recommended,246760,17478960,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,paultridmo,Game CRASHES WAY TOO MUCH. I want my money back please.
76561198006735081,Not Recommended,246760,17334758,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,wjwthe3rd,Not very fun.  Runs choppy.
76561198032239007,Not Recommended,246760,11669516,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Stiggerachi,"I can't say there is one thing about this game I like. The story was bland and dull. The gameplay was monotonous and slow. Combat is hilariously  broken. Shops usually sell useless♥♥♥♥♥♥ or♥♥♥♥♥♥you already have. To top it off, there are so many bugs and so much broken♥♥♥♥♥♥that the game is almosat unplayable.0/10Go get yourself an SNES (or emulator) and play Ogre Battle. Sure, Ogre Battle  is old enough to drink legally, but it's still miles better than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,246760,7699999,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,dajgoro,zenada dno totalne  marna podrobka  herosow mm
76561197996784231,Not Recommended,246760,16898769,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Catalyst,"Clunky movement, poor mini-map interaction, tedious traveling. Fighting is not exciting, too limited movement in combat and small fighting grid makes for unimaginative battles."
,Recommended,246760,22509698,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,The Hash Slinging,no coment
76561198093262976,Recommended,246760,12091056,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,The Mushy TaCo,if you do not get this game... well... i don't blame ya if ya don't
76561198064344001,Not Recommended,246760,18364870,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fierhorn79,Game freezes everytime I enter an area or open my inventory.
76561198044061893,Not Recommended,246760,12546744,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,deWilde,"This game's release date has been pushed back so many times and its features have been such a moving target that I have to recommend that everyone stay away from this one, at least until it's released and reviewed by someone more respectable than the devs and a few fanboys."
,Not Recommended,246760,10269057,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,MsgNinja,"Too many bugs found and none are fix. Gameplay is not so good and very confusing. Need more addons and fighting style are like other games that I play before in the past. Graphic are low and not good HD High End. Not many class to pick from and very easy to messup to delete your own player. Need more information guide to help others to learn how to play this game.Edit:Old school style games. If you like old school style, buy this game. If you are like me, old school game play styles isn't what I wanted to play."
76561198010780564,Not Recommended,246760,9317349,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,.:LEGiON:..:EST:.,Wasted money
,Recommended,246760,21321674,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WHOELPOUNDER,10/10 developer support!
76561197972215823,Not Recommended,246760,11613433,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Raphael,"Actually bought this when it was 20 dollars, Wasnt even allowed to change the characters name, seems like such a good concept but ruined by a developer who wants to make a game just for him and no one else.  Also the sound was terrible they didnt even have sounds for weapons I think."
76561198078659003,Not Recommended,246760,22493841,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mooremathew96,"For the most part this is actually a pretty decent game.....however the combat seems very broken the only real movement you do is to move to someone you are going to melee with. Yet you have a combat modifier on ranged being over 3 hexs away for damage (despite the fact you cannot move closer to mitigate that modifier). Also if you go with a spellcaster at low levels he cannot cast damage spells at range (which is absolutely ludicrous a book reading spell caster IS NOT going to wait for you to get next to him to cast Flambe')so you cannnot move next to them to cast this and have to wait for them to get right next to you. This reaks of a designer that always feels that spellcasters are always OP. Well I like spellcasters so up urs ******berry. If you have such a probelm with them make them glass cannons. Nobody has a problem with that because as we all know Conan is a tough hombre and he may still kick your taint to the stars after you have napalmed him. Next and not in the least insignifigant if your forest is beautiful and your mountains are beautiful and the get in the way of me properly navigating the map then, ITS BEAUTY IS TOTALLY LOST ON ME. That having been said as far as I could tolerate these issues it had a decent although simplistic story line and it could have really been really good bang for your buck if these simple issues had been fixed. If you're anything like me you will be cussing in no time at all. Once again that having been said if they fix these issues in a patch and I play it and see them fixed i will most likely revise or add an addendum to this reveiw. thank you for reading this friend."
76561197974834618,Not Recommended,246760,22511003,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Toorey,"Very disappointed. I'm nut about strategy games but here, wait, there is so little strategy to do. Campaign mode is broken with stupid transitions between maps (you lose basically you money and your crew). Combat mode is boring since you can hardly choose the enemy you will hit. I'll go back to Battle Brothers and XCom 2."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,246760,20338846,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Awkward and clunky. It has an interesting premise, sort of like Heroes of Might and Magic without much character, set in a semi-realistic world."
76561198066617853,Not Recommended,246760,17014575,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,kristaleyez,"Allthough I was positively impressed from the videos I have seen of this game, I have been very disappointed by it after purchasing it. The game is to me in a way a copy of Kings Bounty(main difference here as a plus is that here you can equip items and level up all characters in your army), but it lags far from games like KB or Heroes of Might and Magic.The quests have disappointed me, the graphics and options, the battles, and also the map gameplay. They all have good ideas behind, but the way they are implemented, just feels bad... really bad. The main story gets fuzzy and the quests are confusing and bugged.  I would really like to say I like the game, but a bug in the main quest, was the show stop for me, now way to overcome it in my case, and no good saves at hand. I whish I could get a refund, but I played 2 hours more than allowed for refund. I really wanted to like the game... My personal opinion, save a bit more and get  something u can trust."
76561198086545971,Not Recommended,246760,22468898,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,jacob4408,"This game has so much promise but in the end it's just a frustrating grind...providing you can get past the bugs to even reach the grind.  The controls are wonky and unneccesarliy difficult.  Example: the save game default to a long string including current date.  If you want to name your saves you have to backspace ONE KEY AT A TIME.  You can't just hold the backspace key, you must hit 15 times.  That probably doesn't sound like a big deal and in isolation it wouldn't be but combine that with multiple other klunky UI issues and it just becomes a frustrating mess.The quests directions are unbelievably obtuse, not challenging, not though provoking, but obtuse and frequently downright wrong. Example:  on one quest you are told to seek a man by the south gate of a town when the shadow of the tower reaches the big stone.  Except there is no south gate of the town and the tower (providing you are lucky enough to guess the one intended) doesn't actually cast shadows.  While I will give the devs credit for being active on the boards answering questions, they actually answered this one wrong.  They said to go by the big rock (which rock???) at dawn but it turns out you have to be at the north side of a bridge at dusk.   Gah, what a cluster.I can't vouch for it myself because a bug prevented me from getting past chapter 1 but apparently if you are able to progress, at the end of each chapter you lose the party members you've spent the past 6 hours levelling up and have to start from scratch.I had followed this game since it was Kickstarted and desperately wanted to like it but I deeply the purchase even though I bought it on sale for less than $5.  I should have had a burger and fries instead."
76561198130699547,Not Recommended,246760,30483317,Posted: 12 March,all,Grimmar,"Crash, crash, crash."
76561197970294733,Not Recommended,246760,16952990,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,BulletSponge,"Game is VERY buggy, has alot of potential, but cannot progress past the Widow/Pastor/Wolves. Chapter 4 I believe? Cannot locate Dog/Nose or get enough rep. to speak with the Chancellor of Windfeld. Spent 5+ hours on this spot. Wait a few months before purchasing this game give it a 5/10."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,246760,18310766,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"Poor performance, annoying music, bad UI."
76561198008709291,Not Recommended,246760,18558987,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,segurbill,"Well, this game is a real disapointment.The combat system is clumsy and not at all on par with modern games. The plot is arthritic.I am sorry to have paid for it. I wish I could have my money back !This the only game around I took the effort to write an evaluation against."
76561198065926940,Not Recommended,246760,18660673,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,andrew_bertrim,"Poor version of Disciples, not worth $30."
,Not Recommended,246760,9374360,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Fazzan,What can I say? It's just not good enough. Not enough potential
76561198024586922,Not Recommended,246760,8033783,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,sungamer,"I can't even get the game to acknowlegde I have entered the first castle - which is the first quest. So far my impressions of this game are not good. The combat is static and tactic free and the story line is apparently non existent since I can't advance it. I should have just thrown 15 dollars in the yard. At least when it decays in my yard it will fertilize my grass. Unlike this, which will decay on my hard drive and serve no purpose what-so-ever."
,Not Recommended,246760,16955316,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Karasique,"Buyer's remorse 2015/10, neither fun, nor well-designed."
,Not Recommended,246760,16907886,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Spyke,"Hi I'm Trying to get the russian language to work on this game, but once I choose russian language for the game on the launcher it gives me hieroglyphs. Some of the text in the game is russian, but stuff on Map etc is completely unreadable. My PC's locale is already set to Russian and it recognizes the russian characters on other games. Its just this games localisation bug.. Can anyone help me out?"
76561198130716342,Not Recommended,246760,16885616,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,frank0524,"I  may have an isolated issue, but cursor control is horrid to the point of unplayable. It  may be because I am touch screen enabled? Game looks good, but not fun to play."
76561197976271757,Not Recommended,246760,16916546,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Splinter,Combat is extremly shallow.Plot is paper thinwish i had saved my money.
76561198042445398,Not Recommended,246760,11608479,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,dk,Like the gameplay of 'ancient'  RPG's ---- but hate the early bugs ---- like always crashing when you Alt-Tab to desktop.  Needs work.
76561198030721907,Recommended,246760,7348115,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Nina Williams,"New epic turn-based strategy, looks like King's Bounty and Disciples II"
76561198008599944,Not Recommended,246760,8584599,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Cheerupemokid,"too many language bugs, if polished can be a better game."
76561198090712854,Recommended,246760,29560710,Posted: 29 January,all,sergiy,It's the best Turn-Based and Medieval RPG game!!!!!!!!!!I mostly recomend this game for people who likes detailed talks.
76561198032534044,Not Recommended,246760,8805326,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Hoipkemier,wast of  money
76561198078689938,Not Recommended,246760,12484218,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Maliquai,"It is a very strange game, they combat is broken and seems overly hard for the early stages. If it was more balanced It would be a better game."
76561197982800561,Not Recommended,246760,20202020,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Captain_Cynical,Mundain...
76561197988281569,Not Recommended,246760,22483517,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,pvinnitsky,"This game is not polishe at all and doesn't have a good feel to it.  It has some good ideas, but it is just too unpolished to waste time on."
76561197963936256,Not Recommended,246760,12332971,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Kenevil,I Completed in 17 hours of gameplay?? Really??  Did I do every side quest: no but come on.  Don't get me wrong the game has promise but don't waste your $$.
,Recommended,246760,22406154,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,XeeX,
76561198019169239,Not Recommended,246760,12801211,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,walkabout2001,maybe. still in the testing stage.  just so not finished. i did enjoy what i played ...and i read that it was in the testing stage. But there is no maybe recommendation.
76561198007340158,Not Recommended,246760,15183477,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vidofnirr,"A awful game with a thin story and no tactical combat, and it will never be a full realese. Dont buy it for gods sake!"
76561198057413359,Not Recommended,246760,24987110,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,claudiobkkgame,"NOT RECCOMENDED... The Game doesn't deliver after hrs of effort, respectfully, i would not reccomend this game to anyone.... unless it cost less then a BUS/SUBWAY fare... 'cause thats all you'll get... a ride on a boring, repititive, monotonous, repetitive, boring.... journey. Avoid ...."
76561198081252333,Not Recommended,246760,16959904,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Welcome to The Jungle Bitch!,Worst game ever .. Don't Buy ..
76561197992707493,Not Recommended,246760,16863186,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Tifrobond,... Says supported english text but nothing is translated. Once you start the game its all in another langague. Durring ealry access the text was fully translated now its not wth did I spend my money on to have it rolled back.
,Not Recommended,246760,18920840,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Prince  Charles.Z,not worth
76561198129391354,Not Recommended,246760,21625967,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,goran.cvetojevic,"Nice game that doesnot work. It crashes constantly, and after reinstalation it doesnot work at all"
76561198066725109,Recommended,246760,12520095,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,davetherave69860,Just bought it and the game won't even load.
76561198008632160,Not Recommended,246760,18965569,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,chapfam,This game is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!! As well as steams return policy!!!!!!!! The game has to many bugs and has horrible play ability the maker is a thief along with steam. Buyer Beware this Christmas season. Buy nothing steam sells or is linked with.
,Recommended,246760,21417027,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Hsingh,
76561198009554741,Not Recommended,246760,23119431,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,kjdean2,Very weird game.  A very serial approach to the plot.  Difficult to follow the story line.  Did not enjoy.
76561198165476207,Not Recommended,246760,26347947,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,fredg773,I thought this game was like Heroes of Might & magic – it’s not. It’s sort of like a scaled down version of Heroes. The game ran poorly and I couldn’t even do anything in battle.
76561198080833647,Recommended,246760,30051818,Posted: 19 February,all,Durgine,I will play this and I will enjoy it.  That's a good recommendation from me.
76561198049485990,Not Recommended,246760,29130905,Posted: 8 January,all,i1984i,Not worth the moneyRead the review by Sigmar
76561197968371989,Recommended,246760,8295253,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,♛☢WeẞẞO☢♛ ツ 6ð   ҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉҉,"I tried the game again and i'm more than satisfied with the work the developer has put into it, its really fun, ive deleted my last review as it was unfair because i rated an alpha.this is a fun game for the strategic mind :) well done Alexander ;)i rate this game 9/10"
,Recommended,246760,16903262,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,thivaz,"Being formulaic, think Heroes of Might and Magic meets Mount and Blade on semihistorical medieval Germany.This game is a unique gem, however. It mixes smart tactical combat, solid looting and leveling gameplay, good art, amazing music, a sense of immersion I struggle to find nowadays in games (I'm an older gamer) and an absolutely great story.The tactical combat looks  simple but surely it isn't. It is a smart and different take than HOMM series, as you have to act with your units, and move is a consequence of the attack order. Every action you have a series of decision to make and it is very interesting for a long time.If you are an experienced strategy gamer, however, if you don't go for the higher difficulties it could be a bit too easy, and after while it gets a bit repetitive, but until there it is very fun.The leveling and looting system makes managing your party interesting. There is a nice variety of loot and troops, and simple but rewarding upgrade trees.The story is top notch, though the storytelling is a bit lacking. Some say it is complicated and really is, you have to pay attention. I would say the story is on par with King of Dragon Pass. You don't have a lot of choices, though, as the story unfolds, but the quality makes for it. The worldbuilding is awesome as well, you really feels like you are in medieval Germany.At the end of the campaign the gameplay gets a bit repetitive, though, but is mostly a case of the campaigtn being too long than the gameplay being boring. I only kept going for the story.Overall, a great game. 8.5/10"
76561198064432630,Recommended,246760,11888639,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Kige,"June 2015-It is amazing what one year can do especially in this game, I have kept up with this game seeing small changes over time and It keeps improving. When I first reviewed the game I found the concept to be great and the battle system to be so, so, but this has changed. The battle system while still being potentially lengthy Is now something to truely enjoy the visuals have improved (thought I must say its hard to say how much) and everythign has a much smootherflow really giving you alot of choice. Bugs of course have been fixed for the most part as they often do over time.This game is soon to be released and I would recommend it to most people.August 2014-This game had potential the battle system was nice the graphics good but the story line can get confusing and sometimes quests are never ending due to bugsfurther it is impossible to come across enough loot to keep yourself well equiped and healed.tried to play this game multiple times each time disapointing."
76561197970965314,Recommended,246760,7406885,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Spanky,i want my 14 euros Back!!! lol
76561198027444795,Recommended,246760,7420317,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Longsword,"A pretty fun game, but it would be nice to have sprays of blood when you attack units, and to have them scream when taking damage. When you shoot an arrow with the archer, it doesn't show the arrow's flight - the target just winces. I hope to encounter more aspects of the medieval world like diseases and such. But this game is very fun so far."
,Recommended,246760,27347757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,subliminalart,"I really love this game, is a point and click with a challenging script and a political theme. I find it simple yet addicting! I hope these guys make more games in other genre's as well!"
76561198001784686,Recommended,246760,12943561,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Beaghan,It's a good game and I appreciate the fact that the dev remains active.
,Recommended,246760,32142115,Posted: 2 June,all,Ru,"Exception EOutOfMemory in moudule Eisenwald.exe at 000136E2. Out of memory.Since then I can never run the game again.June 10th,Thanks for Alexander~ After I deleting all my saves, the game runs ok......As a turn-base strategic game fan, I kind of like the game Legends of Eisenwald~Thanks for helping......The problem was already solved......"
