user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,247080,32187109,Posted: 4 June,all,RavioLinguini,all i have to say: look at my hour count
,Recommended,247080,15908554,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,.gring.,"Hard as balls, fantastic music, great gameplay, and a great premise in the story.  It also has the side benefit of being completely unique, nothing else like it out there at the moment.A game I keep cursing at, rage quiting, and yet keep coming back to.  Truly rewarding, as the game gets better as you get better.Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,247080,15548994,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TheS0m3b0dy,Who the hell thought this was a good idea?Because that person is a bloody genius.
,Recommended,247080,16341654,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,LolCam,The shopkeeper's name is Freddie Merchantry.That's all you really need to know.
,Recommended,247080,28768799,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nudiustertian,"Crypt of the NecroDanceris quietly genius.It's exactly what you would imagine a game to be like if you were told it's a roguelike, but in real time, with the turns lasting as long as the beat of a soundtrack — because they are, in fact, set to a soundtrack. This kind of ""X meets Y"" high concept game (roguelike meets rhythm game, in this case) is easy to think up, but not as easy to turn into a good game, if the failed examples littering Steam are any indication.NecroDancernot only works, but workswell— it's an astounding feat of game design, and it's likely you won't even notice that while you're playing because it just feels natural.This is one of the few roguelikes that deserves the description ""easy to pick up, hard to master"", as most roguelikes are not even all that easy to pick up.NecroDancerhas a tutorial that lasts all of 90 seconds, and contains everything you need to get started. Getting through the first set of levels will take a little more time, but can still be done in an hour or two. But make no mistake, the difficulty ramps up over a total of four zones (each with three levels and a boss level, for a total of 16 levels). And if you think that's the end of it, you're wrong — there's a separate story mode to play through all the zones in sequence rather than separately, and to unlock all the characters (each with their own gimmicks that change the way you play) you have to complete the game multiple times. This is a true roguelike in that the peak difficulty is insane and completing the game with every character is a challenge restricted to only a handful of demigods, but it's also a true roguelike in that it's fair and rewards strategic play and perseverance. And all that to a great beat!I haven't even completed the third zone yet and I can already tell it will be many hours more before I chip my teeth on thereallydifficult parts, but I felt like I needed to get this review out before the current sale is over, even if my experience is incomplete. This game is almost certainly worth it at full price if you're into roguelikes, but at sale price it's a no-brainer. If it looks like anything you might like, buy it. Even if you can't make your way through it, you'll still get your money's worth for the time you're playing it."
,Recommended,247080,19739244,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,BreedPineapple,"In the store page, it says the price is 14,99 €.But this is not true.The actual price includes your soul."
76561198220223668,Recommended,247080,32571457,Posted: 19 June,all,jamestkirk83,"There have been plenty of rogue-like games in the last few years, but this is definitely one of the most unique and original. The concept is strangely brilliant, the art is great, and the music is awesome, so the whole package seems pretty stunning at first glance. However, when you look under the hood, it's not flawless...the concept may be amazing, but the execution is a little bit janky at times. There are times when I know that I'm 100% on the beat, and yet the game simply isn't registering that I'm on target, leading to my untimely death. I'm a musician, so I have a good sense of rhythm and timing - something seemed off here. There's just not enough precision to the mechanics, which can really sink you when you're facing a boss or going up against a  big room filled with tough enemies. There are definitely a few frustrations that you'll have to deal with to get into a groove here. I would defintely still recommend this, despite  whatever shortcomings it may have, because the idea is great and the development team has gotten pretty dang close to nailing it. There's also the ability to add in your own music, which is a fantastic feature...I pumped in some Tribe Called Quest, Wu-Tang, Biggie, etc., and then the game was really bumping and twice as fun. Get this on sale and it'll be money well-spent, as long as you recognize that there's gonna be a serious learning curve when it comes to getting into the game's idea of rhythm."
,Recommended,247080,15514415,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,TheDeadSkin,"I've played this game for last 4 months of its Early Access. It already looked very promising and awesome. With the release it took me only a few hours of playtime to confirm everything I was ready to write about.This is a rogue-like rhythm dungeon crawler, as you've probably read on the store page. The genre is quite unique - its gameplay is a blend of turn-based combat but it's constrained by the boundaries of the ""beats"" of the music of the level (unlike a lot of rhythm games it's very forgiving on beat accuracy and there's a reason for that: it's quite action-packed, so when you have a few skeletons, fiery dogs and a dragon converging on you - you can't really follow the beats within 20% margin what is usual for rhythm games).First things first: this is a rhythm game and its soundtrack wirtten by Danny Baranowsky is just pure essence of awesomeness. Randomly generated levels are extremely well done. When I say extremely I mean it. This game doesn't have unbeatable generations. It may be easier or harder, but it's a fair rogue-like, if you die - it's your fault. It's not like rogue's tale when you can be killed on first turn the moment you spawn. So you won't really be stomped by something you can't beat.With the release the game has been augmented with some kind of plot which makes it a bit more beautiful than a rogue-like w/o a plot. Also this game even during Early Access didn't have any gamebreaking bugs. In 80h I never had a single crash or anything else that'd ruin my gaming experience, since technically this is kind of a day1 for this game - it's exremely polished, which is a good example what Early Access system should be used for and how.With cutscenes you are being rewarded with when you complete ""zones"" with different characters, with easier and harder characters themselves, with a big variety of items, leaderboards, daily challenges - delivering beatdowns to the beat in this game is guaranteed to be one your best rogue-like experiences ever."
,Recommended,247080,14238270,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Raccoon Thing,"Necrodance if you want to! You can leave your friends behind.'Cause your friends don't dance, and if they do dance, Co-op's local not online."
76561198112752282,Recommended,247080,32505550,Posted: 17 June,all,luololzzz,"A rhythm game that makes you learn to deal with frustration with great patience, whether you're a beginner yearning for the game to be slower or a veteran begging for the game to be faster paced. This game has absolutely amazing soundtracks to dance to and plenty of challenging achievements to grab."
,Recommended,247080,21816496,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Tom,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a roguelike rhythm game, developed by Brace Yourself Games. Releasing in April 2015 on Steam and then later released on PS4 and Vita in February 2016.NecroDancer is a really unique gaming experience. Every action you take must be in line with the beat of the soundtrack. This includes moving and attacking the enemies. The reward for hitting the beat each time is getting a higher coin multiplier, failing to hit the beat resets your multiplier. Not hitting the beat does not deal any damage to your character, it is just a pain as sometimes your multiplier can often be the thing between successfully completing a level and not. There are a handful of different enemies in the game, which you can learn their pattern of movements if you pay close attention. They all have a predefined path which you should learn to do damage to them or avoid them completely.Throughout the dungeons, you will find loot; these can be weapons, armour, and useable items such as bombs or potions. The coins you earn can also be used in the dungeon’s shops to let you purchase upgrades on the fly.  The game also has a central hub; this is where you can purchase upgrades that will stay active throughout your play through, such as unlocking an extra chest to spawn on each level for example. One of the ways in which the game forces you to keep moving, is the hidden time limit on each level. Once the song ends you will be forced to move onto the next zone, which may result in you missing out on the reward of more coins or upgrades. I think this is a nice addition as it stops people from using a slow and methodical method and force you to keep up with the tempo and beat of the song.Graphically, NecroDancer uses the 8bit pixel theme very well. It looks really pretty and very vibrant with colours the majority of the time. The UI is clean and clear with all of the relevant information, especially the Heartbeat sensor at the bottom, which after an hour or two, you won’t need to pay any attention to as you will be so in tune with the soundtracks that you can move on your own. Of course a game that revolves around rhythm needs a half decent soundtrack, NecroDancer certainly delivers there thankfully. With some original music composed by Danny Baranowsky.As with most roguelike games, the more you play the easier they get. Since NecroDancer requires more skill than anything else, this is more so the case than ever before. Once you get the beat down, you can conquer pretty much anything the game throws at you. Throw in a few permanent upgrades and you really won’t have any problems. The game has a handful of really unique boss fights too. The end one is probably the most memorable of them all though as it adds some very unique game play mechanics in which I thoroughly enjoyed.All of the levels and stages across the game are randomly generated, so you will never run into the same dungeon layout twice. This of course adds to the replay ability of the game already; but NecroDancer doesn’t stop there. In the main game hub, you will also have access to a daily challenge, in which every player who plays the challenge will face the same map, and your aim is to get the best score possible at the end. This definitely makes the game have plenty of longevity and gives you a reason to load the game up every few days to take part in this daily event even after finishing the story mode.  The main story took me seven hours to complete which I think is a decent amount of time; where you will get the most content is from re-running the stages unlocking new characters, playing the daily challenges and working your way up the leader boards.I really wanted to play the game using a controller, but I couldn’t get my 360 pad to work sadly. Whilst the keyboard controls are fine, I feel the controller would have been that little bit better to use. Everything else works as intended in the game. A neat little feature is that you can import your own music collection to the game too, having you match the beat of your favourite tunes!Crypt of the NecroDancer is an absolute god send a roguelike game. The originality of the gameplay is something which every other developer should take note of. The gorgeous pixel graphics art style is really well done too. This game just screams of character and pure fun. I cannot recommend this game enough for roguelike fans, and fans of the indie scene. I urge everyone to pick this game up for the low price of £10,99. It will not disappoint.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group by clickinghere.You may also be interested in checking out a PC gaming podcast, be sure to headhere.http://store.steampowered.com/app/247080/"
,Recommended,247080,32101023,Posted: 31 May,all,Josh,"Move, cast, and attack with the beat as you delve deeper towards the crypt of the Necrodancer. With great replayability and a sweet soundtrack, it's a must play in my books."
,Recommended,247080,15513442,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,[Team named player] Team Player,"Behold, the argument for early access"
,Recommended,247080,12719105,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,CaptainN64,"As a fan of both rhythm games and dungeon crawlers, I find Crypt of the NecroDancer as quite the diamond in the rough.  The rhythm component adds a dimension of gameplay that I find captivating.  It helps that the soundtrack rocks even if it is a bit synth-ey.Pros:* Replayability.  LOTS of replayability.* Challenge.  You MUST be able to think and plan quickly.* Soundtrack.  It rocks on its own, but the ability to use your own MP3s is brilliant.* Local co-op.  Player 1 uses the arrow keys, player 2 uses WASD. (I look forward to trying this mode.)Cons:* Challenge.  This game gets difficult quickly and can easily frustrate.* Graphics.  The graphics are pixel art.  Very well made pixel art, but it is a deterrent for some."
76561198063455776,Recommended,247080,16078125,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,MoltenIcy,You like videogames?You like music?You like videogames with music?Then why you are not playing this game?
,Recommended,247080,13116554,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,S'AraisVanu,"Admit it, You're just buying this because of the singing shopkeeper, right?"
,Recommended,247080,15511121,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,propersloth,I don't think I've loved a game where I couldn't get past the first level so much before.
,Recommended,247080,32867247,Posted: 27 June,all,Balder,"I hesitated to buy this game for some time... I read some awesome reviews, watched plays, but never had a feeling that I'll really like it...And I was wrong... It's a great game... I really recommend it! :)"
,Recommended,247080,15579527,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ArgieVoid,After 30 minutes of gameplay I had to stop playing to buy a second copy of this game for my boyfriend as a gift. I need him to understand where my spare time will go from now on.Everything is going according to plan. Neither of us can stop playing. ;)10/10 would dance again!
,Recommended,247080,32860049,Posted: 27 June,all,NEQSIS,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is absolutely fantastic, and a no-brainer to pick up when it's on sale (Steam Summer Sale, 80% off at $2.99).  Even still, at the regular price this game is definitely worth picking up.What is Necrodancer?Crypt of the Necrodancer is an old-school Zelda style dungeon crawler (think, A Link to the Past) that requires the player to take on challenging dungeons and bosses to progress through the game.  What sets it apart from any other games is its use of a music/rhythm mechanic for movement; you can only move one ""block"" of space at a time along with the beat of the games soundtrack (or your own music, if you want to use a custom soundtrack!).  Moving constantly with the beat and not taking damage from enemies builds your gold multiplier, allowing you to get more gold for character upgrades, items, and weapons to use through your run.  Stop moving to the beat, make a wrong move (i.e. jumping into a wall/trap) or take a hit, and your multiplier resets.  Does the rhythm movement mechanic seem gimmicky?  Not to worry, it's incredibly fun and the phenominal soundtrack makes for a great experience.  Custom soundtrack options are also great; the auto-beat-importer works very well, and if necessary you can create custom beats for any songs you import.Combat and WeaponsCombat in Necrodancer is fast and incredibly fun.  There's no ""attack wildly and pray for success"" here; successful combat requires deliberate and calculated attacks/movement.  In addition to the fun beat mechanic, weapon variability is what makes Necrodancer so fun and engaging.  Weapons vary greatly in attack types, range, buffs (i.e. knockback, freezing, etc.), and strength.  Certain weapons will definitely be more successful against some enemies than others, and your preference will largely depend on the play style you prefer.In addition to combat, the other two mechanics you'll consider are digging (via your shovel) and vision.  A large part of dungeons is finding your way around, digging up ""diamonds"" to use for permanent upgrades and other unlockables, and finding hidden rooms for temporary items or character buffs.  Both your shovel and vision (view distance) can be upgraded to allow more efficient exploration and finding better items for your runs.Runs last until you complete the dungeon and move on to the next, die, or the level's song ends (~5 minutes) and kicks you to the next level of the dungeon automatically (but, if you dont find the exit and the level auto-ends, you lose your score multiplier).ProgressionProgression in Necrodancer is very difficult, but fair and rewards mastering the movement/beat mechanic.  Learning enemy and boss attack patters is paramount to success, and enemies very greatly from level to level and present a great challenge as you progress.Each time you die you are returned to a lobby where you can buy upgrades for your character to improve for your next run.  You can only spend ""diamonds"" in the lobby earned from your immediate previous run, and starting a new one resets all of your ""diamonds"" that can be spent in the lobby.  With a variety of dungeons, bosses and increasing difficulty as you progress you'll definitely get some good (and fun) play time out of this game.  There are also a large variety of different playable characters that change game mechanics and add tons of play time and very high replay value.  For example, the ""Bard"" can move freely (is unlocked from the beat mechanic), but every time you move functions as a ""beat"" in the game - so as you move, enemies move, and the faster you move, the faster they move, and the faster you move, the faster the timer for the level expires still requiring you to be deliberate in movement.Verdict: Absolutely recommend, 8/10, one of the best casual, low-commitment games I've played in a very, very long time."
76561197990367515,Recommended,247080,33533814,Posted: 14 July,all,Dietrich,"Time played - Review0:01 - Nice beats0:10 - This is to hard0:20 - Oh wait, there`s bard0:30 - Feeling the groove1:00 - Learning to move5:00 - This is awesome10:00 - Just robbed a store50:00 - Still here 4 more100:00 - I hate Aria200:00 - And I thought Aria was hard250:00 - Still playingDon´t know what else to say. 250 hrs playtime for a mere 3 bucks. Go buy the game."
,Recommended,247080,19944784,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Shin,This game is just the best idea I've seen in a LONG time! They combined both stale genres to create an unique experience. And the soundtrack is very addictive too. Beaware D:
76561198039343114,Recommended,247080,13417376,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Swag McFag,"After 91 hours of playing this game, I can safely say that it's the best 15$ I've spent on Steam."
,Recommended,247080,26336937,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Огненное облако,"The best roguelike ever. 10/10 in every aspect, except for the following:1. Bad custom music beat detection. Game gets very upset and ♥♥♥♥s up all the beats if the rhytm gets even a little bit complex. Some kind of editor to manually set bpm would be nice.2. Something about difficulty curve. This doesn't bother me, but I see what other people complain about and might as well support them.3. ♥♥♥♥ing bats, man. ♥♥♥♥ing bats.That's about it, I guess.Now go buy the game."
,Recommended,247080,15877047,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Gaming Geek,"A Rogue Rhythm game. The music is fun, the story (such that it is) is shockingly decent, and I will never be able to beat it.10/10 will die dancing again."
76561198078338341,Recommended,247080,29482217,Posted: 25 January,all,zer0cypher,"It's like chess, but with sick beats."
,Recommended,247080,15560990,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Colin Mochrie,"Easily one of the best roguelikes I've played. Having to play to the beat adds a significant but fun challenge. I'm not a big fan of electronic music like this, but this soundtrack is incredible, especially the boss pieces.Highly recommended, even for people like me who don't usually get into roguelikes."
,Recommended,247080,24242017,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,incnone,This is my favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,247080,22914431,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Chao,"I was sitting next to someone in class playing this, and they said, ""What are you playing, some kind of gay legends of zelda checkers?""10/10 would play Gay Zelda Checkers again"
,Recommended,247080,15777076,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,cybik,Don't start playing this. You'll like it so hard you won't stop.
,Recommended,247080,12605402,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Scout,"Crypt is a dungeon crawler, but with a twist. That twist being moving to the beat of awesome electronic music by the amazing Danny Brananowsky (Who also worked on Binding of Issac's and Super Meat Boy's music, so have high expectations.)...No literally, you MOVE to the beat. So do the monsters. That's what I like about this game, you got to keep with the rhythm of the game while you're simultaniously exploring the cave and seeing what you can get. It's two genres I couldn't think be combined, but it works beautifully. You have entities like health, and item slots for armor and weapon and magic, etc. However, the whole gameplay is composed of moving around to the soundtrack.It's exciting keeping your mind on two things at once, and mastering it in the end. Enemies all have their own movement patterns according to the music, so you're not the only one that has to deal with the beat. I must admit it's very exhilirating to learn every little bit of enemy movement, and gracefully going through the dungeon with the head bopping tunes in your head.However, if you wanna add your own music to the mix, you can! Any MP3 file you have can be implimented in the game. Experiment, and see what you get.Overall, this game is tons of fun, and is looking to be one of my favorite indie games out there. I'm not even that big a fan of dungeon crawlers, but I'm a sucker for rhythm games. I HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking for a good, repetitive time."
,Recommended,247080,14400981,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Powerful Cow,"The thing I love the most about the game is that THIS ONE is 101% fair and is based on your skills, unlike most of other rogue-likes, where 80% of your success depends on your luck and items you find throughout the game.When combined with the fact that the Crypt of the NecroDancer has a very sweet design and awesome soundtracks, this game can really compete for the title of the best rogue-like ever (just said that because I do not want to overestimate it, of course, heh-heh)."
76561198049001672,Recommended,247080,15536344,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Asgaria,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is the kind of game that gives you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.It's made with love and passion and you can feel that, as it sends shivers down your spine and erects your ears and eyes, while dancing through dark dungeons, defeating bouncing monsters and even a skeleton conga line.This is only 15 bucks and yet worth more than most of the AAA titles out there.If you're into gaming and music, get it. The soundtrack from Danny B. is exceptionally great and you can even switch between it, a more rousing electronic cover soundtrack and a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome metal one! And if you have no taste in great music, simply use your own stuff.The game is easy to learn but freaking hard to master, using only 4 keys. If you like to move it, move it, just grab a Dancepad and get it on!There are so many characters with unique bits of story and a complete different gameplay, many enemies, bosses, unlockable items, EVERYTHING!You haven't hit the purchase button yet? DO IT AND TURN THE VOLUME UP! Your neighbours gonna love it, too, I promise!"
,Recommended,247080,12495005,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Cordor,"CAN'T STOP THE BEAT D:You start the first stage and you just... move with the beat and die. You just die, die, and die. After a few deaths you understand the movements of the monsters, but after you're in a joyful mood because you know their movements a huge red dragon bursts through the wall and kills you.After a long time you're good at the game. So you play hardcore and start all over again... with death.I LOVE the game with all its upgrades, monsters, death, and co-op just in-case you're starting to rage :)"
76561198074358354,Recommended,247080,29025281,Posted: 4 January,all,Sylux,"Hard to get used to at first but incredibly fun! Favourite rhythm game at the moment.Pros:Fantastic music.Interesting story.You can use custom music.Alot of characters with different gameplay.Achievements.Steam workshop.The shopkeeper.Shiny diamonds.You can use a dance pad if you want to.2 Player local co-op.Great levels.Level editor.Training npcs if you ever have trouble.Neutral:You may get extremely addicted to this game, the game already took my soul.Cons:Can make you break you're keyboard out of frustration."
,Recommended,247080,12603033,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Dr. Schwifty,"My cat can barely move, yet somehow he manages to bob his head to the soundtrack.10/10 for aiding the fight against Feline Diabetes."
,Recommended,247080,14509320,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,bjmllr,"In life, there are a few times when an experience is so powerful that it fills us with an overwhelming sense of sorrow to imagine all of the people who, through no fault of their own, just by being born in the wrong era, or in the wrong place, or to the wrong parents, will never have the privilege of being part of that experience. I have felt this way a handful of times in my life, and about half of those times were while playing Crypt of the Necrodancer."
76561198025851707,Recommended,247080,26576855,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,adrekke,"-This Review is based on a true story-Let me ask you something...What does a human do when they encounter a game like ""Crypt of the Necrodancer""?I'll tell you what I did.I saw the game, thought it was an amazing concept.So to get the best experience, I went online to import a DDR Dancemat.After I did this, I bought this game on Halloween sale and waited for my mat to arrive.I am always playing the game on the dancemat, and it was the best gaming decision I've made since ever.I have to say that it can get insane once you start to play with Melody, but I'm not against this form of insanity!Wholeheartly recommend it...Especially when importing a dancemat especially for this game!"
76561198026463611,Recommended,247080,26173791,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Nekomancer,This game is the most convicing reason yet to buy a dance pad.
,Recommended,247080,15499242,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Naphistim,"This might be one of the single greatest indie games I've played in... well, forever. So much polish, an incredibly unique idea, and immense execution. Combine tons of replayability and dead-simple controls and this is a HUGE WINNER on all fronts."
,Recommended,247080,34473260,Posted: 24 August,all,BlueAura,how do I stop playing this game
,Recommended,247080,28080667,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Menhir,"The good+Amazing gameplay concept: a real-time combat dungeon crawler ruled by music beats+Superb soundtrack. Danny Baranowsky produces yet another gem - you might find yourself head bobbing+Great artistic direction - all monsters are easily identifiable, readable, and just plain nice to look at. Bosses' designs are musical themed, which is a nice touch+Numerous playable characters with diferent playstyles. Several of the unlockables play quite differently from the main character, which adds to both gameplay variety and replay value+Superbly balanced difficulty. It's entirely possible to play the game without picking any items nor taking damage, and the game does not feel draggy while at itthere's even a character built around these characteristics.+Practice modes, and beginner help. These are small details but they are quite handy and they make the game better+Really cheap considering it's replay valueThe bad-The game itself feels lighthearted and fun, while in contrast the cutscenes try to add a dramatic storyline. They seem like an afterthought (you can disable them - that's a +!)-Some inconsistencies at the highest difficultiesThe bottom lineA finely crafted rhythm-based dungeon crawler with great soundtrack, uncommon gameplay and good challenge and replay value"
,Recommended,247080,11502616,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheCyberDruid,"I'll likely update this review as I go, but I want to post my first thoughts about the game: AWESOME!It's done right in every way that you can think about mixing a rhythm and rogue-like game. Using your own songs adds a lot to the already great gameplay. It's not easy, but you learn about enemy patterns pretty quickly and unlocking more loot makes it much easier. Already a really interesting and fun to play game and it's still in alpha.Fully recommended to support it by buying it now :)"
,Recommended,247080,22215988,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ReadingLies,"IntroductionThe Crypt of the NecroDancer is a very unique addition to the genre of rogue-like games. Never before a game like this has been seen in the gaming industry which combines the elements of a dungeon crawler and rhythm-based gameplay that is produced with such quality and immersiveness.GameplayIn this game, you are forced to move to the beat of the soundtracks (except for one character) where the tempo of each beat is shown by the meter on the bottom part of the screen and will vary depending on the track being played.Violating this rule will reduce your multiplier to the lowest set value (though the permanent upgrade addition will still persist), and is also the same if you were to take damage. Players are able to build this up by landing successful hits to an enemy and is kept level by staying on the beat.After every session on any mode (either by clearing the zone or by dying), the items and coins you gained will be removed and reset back to your default equipment except for ""diamonds"", which is used for certain upgrades/locks/unlocks to various NPCs in the game lobby.The game modes are basically divided into two, separate zones and all-zones mode. The only difference with either mode is that the upgrades that you have bought are only present on separate zones and that the player is required to play through zone 1 to 4 on all-zones mode for it to be cleared.The ProsExcellent Audio- As a rhythm game, the audio should be flawless and on-spot to the theme as it is the genre's main attribute, and this is a perfect example to it. The soundtracks may vary depending on the stage the player is in or by the character they are using (which are remixed tracks of the original version, for example, playing as Aria will play the metal version of the tracks).Large Array of Playable Characters and Game Modes- This standard element of every session-based game is also present, in which it gives longevity and versatility to the game play. These new characters can be unlocked by clearing zones, and each and everyone of them have their own perks as well as rules and restrictions (aside from the default unlocked characters) to follow. Violating these rules will result in immediate death if you don't have an item that could save you.High Replay Value- A sign of a great game is that it will always have you longing for another round even if you failed miserably or even rage-quitted. May it be from the satisfaction of clearing a difficult zone or unlocking achievements or revisiting your favorite tracks, a game with a high replay value makes the money you spent on it worthwhile.Steam Integration- From the very helpful Steam Cloud feature up to the Steamworks' additional mods that you can add, this is great for those people who wants to spice the game up more and modify it to match their taste.The ConsRepetitive Audio- Given the nature of rogue-likes, you will die and restart the levels more than you would like to and this means that you will be forced the hear the soundtracks of each floor again and again. Supposedly, this is only minus if the soundtracks of the game are bad (which is not the case in here), but still I would like to cover all bases for those who are interested in buying the game.Immense Difficulty Levels- By no means that this is a BAD thing, BUT if you are a casual player who enjoys more of a relaxing game play or just aren't good at playing the game or has bad body coordination, then this game MIGHT not be for you (though it doesn't mean that you shouldn't give it a try). Honestly, I am bad at this game that I could only clear levels with Bard (which is easy-mode) and barely with the other characters.Final ThoughtsThis game is the fruit of undeniable passion and love of the developers, and indeed is a masterpiece of its own genre to be said at the very least. Also, if you are a fan of games with great soundtracks, you won't make a mistake buying this!Rating:9.5/10This review was submitted forElite Giveaways, check us out for more reviews ranging from Indie games to AAA games."
,Recommended,247080,17611321,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Styxiedust,I'm able to see my genitals again thanks to this game and a DDR pad.
76561198066039426,Recommended,247080,14588239,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,MEP52,I sometimes have to go find the soundtrack on Youtube because its so good.10/10 music9/10 gameplay8/10 content (at the moment)11/10 replayibility
76561198163898899,Recommended,247080,27083204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,azukun,"If I had to choose a game to play for the rest of my life, this would be the one."
,Recommended,247080,34754539,Posted: 5 September,all,Misery,"This game is one of those where, now that I get a chance to dive into it, I wish I had done so much, much sooner.  I've played so very, very many roguelikes/lites/whatevers over the years, and of course many games in a general sense.  This, honestly, may be one of the greatest of all of them, which isnt exactly something I say lightly.Crypt of the Necrodancer is two things:  A turn-based roguelike, and a rhythm game.  The core mechanic is that the ""turns"" pass with the rhythm of the song being played.  On each beat, you make a move, and enemies also make a move.  This creates a game that is actually very fast-moving and active.  You must constantly be doing stuff, as if you skip a beat, or if you screw up the timing on one, Bad Things will tend to happen (depending on who you're playing as).  For most characters this involves your coin multiplier dropping to nothing (which can cause any Obsidian equipment to become weak), and maybe certain items might vanish.  For a couple of others, they just outright die if you screw up even once.  The rhythm mechanic is the absolute core of everything in the game.  Not only do all of the game's mechanics and design aspects revolve around it, but it's also a huge part of what makes the game so very, very fun. Two genres that appear to make no sense together are fused regardless, and the result is just stunning.The good thing is, you dont have to be a master at music games to play this.  Necrodancer doesnt require the hyper-exact timing that most rhythm games do.  Dont get me wrong, it's still easy to screw up, but this is a game that anyone can get into.  Even the way the rhythm works... with many music games it's this chaotic pile of interspersed notes flying at you in various patterns along with the music.  In Necrodancer, it's an extremely steady beat. It's displayed at the bottom of the screen constantly, but almost immediately you'll find that you dont have to look at it.However, that doesnt mean it isnt tough to deal with in other ways. One huge aspect that goes along with this is the fact that you MUST make some sort of movement on every beat.  You cannot simply stand still; that'll cause the aforementioned Bad Things to happen.  So you must either move, use an item, use a spell, or dig at a wall, on every single beat.  This constant forced action goes along well with the whole dancing theme of the game, but also adds alot to the challenge.  It can be difficult to place yourself into the right position to deal with the myriad foes that will attack you from all angles.  It does create a high learning curve... at first you're going to die over and over and over again simply due to this aspect, which could mean frustration.  But once you get used to it, it just WORKS.Not that it'll ever get easy, mind you.  The game's difficulty ranges from ""difficult"" to ""completely absurd"".  Much of this has to do with not only the core mechanic, but the enemies you'll face.  Every floor is absolutely stuffed with monsters.  And these monsters arent the ultra-simple traditional sorts that simply walk at you and deal damage.  Every individual monster type has a unique pattern and special abilities, and learning those behaviors and traits is the most important thing when it comes to your survival.  Some enemies are simple:  skeletons for instance only move every other beat, and they raise their arms up on the beat before they do move. Easy to understand.   Others are much more confusing to deal with.  The infamous Red Dragon for instance has the ability to fire a blazing deathray to the left or right; it'll always try to do this if you are on the same horizontal line as it is, and you get exactly one beat to get out of the way of this extremely damaging attack.  Skeletons may not be so bad, but that dragon is the bane of many players and requires great care and special techniques to defeat.  The good thing is, enemy behavior is very easily understood, very well telegraphed, and NOT stuffed with RNG (with certain exceptions, but even those can be understood in a way), yet these facts absolutely do not detract from the challenge they produce.Fortunately you have all sorts of different weapons and items to use.  The game's combat system is fantastic, and one of the reason for it is the weapons.  Each weapon has a ""hit pattern"" where it can damage tiles in front of you.  The basic dagger only damages the tile directly in front of you as you attack.  A longsword however can hit two tiles away.   A whip on the other hand has that very short range, but also a huge straight spread to the side.  Every single weapon type is useful in some way, and every weapon type comes in a variety of interesting flavors, as do other types of equipment.  For example, obsidian items base their power on your coin multiplier.  Blood items do things with your health.  Glass items are very strong but shatter if you get hit.  There are many item categories, including shovels that let you dig at walls, and torches that not only increase vision range but let you see THROUGH walls, making ""hidden"" rooms a major aspect of the game.   The items in the game are all sorts of fun to use, whether they're equipment or spells or whatever.  They are very, very well thought out and usually easy to understand.However, the game isnt always so easy to grasp.  Shrines for instance can be very confusing in terms of exactly how they work.  Many times you'll run into a new one, try it out, go ""WTF?"" and then die horribly, not because the effect was bad, but because you had no clue what to do with it.  Other quirky mechanics like hidden shops, or the extremely varied effects of each different character (and there are MANY characters) can take awhile to really get the hang of.  There is alot of depth here, but that also means alot to learn.  This is NOT an easy game, and chances are, it's going to take you quite some time to beat it even once.  But it has features to help you learn... lots of such features, actually, something hardly any roguelikes ever do.  It makes it easy to practice against specific foes or test things out.  It even has a full level editor and Steam Workshop support.  There is so very, very much going on here (and even more if you get the fantastic DLC).Overall, it's a very difficult game (and the difficulty just keeps going higher, and higher, and higher, as you continue to play it), yet one with neverending replay value, and one that I honestly just never get tired of. It also has the very, very rare quality of doing everything it can to help you learn in a non-frustrating way (heck, one particular character turns it into a TRULY turn-based game, letting you experiment and learn without having to worry about the rhythm, and he's unlocked from the start).  It's just plain FUN in a way that very few games truly manage, with a level of quality that is also rarely seen.  Every single aspect of it ties together to create something truly amazing.  Even if you have a hard time with it at first, stick with it:  It's absolutely worth dealing with that brutal learning curve.  This is something you dont want to miss.  I've reviewed many games on here... but this outdoes nearly all of them.  It's that good, in my opinion.Oh, and did I mention that the soundtrack is absolutely incredible?  You can use your own songs, too.  Good things, in a game where the rhythm is everything."
,Recommended,247080,15512112,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Tragic Hero,"There are some games where you think to yourself ""I could have thought of that"" and other games where you think ""Wow, why didn't I think of that?"".  Crypt of the NecroDancer is none of those.  I don't think anyone would have thought to put a rogue-like rpg into a rhythm based game.  But it works, oh does it work so wonderfully well.The first level you will be trying your damndest to get a rhythm going but once you spend enough time you will be slashing up enemies while setting up others for a nicely timed fireball blast from afar.  And all the while it feels so satisfying when you progress.The controls are near flawless as well.  As you die multiple times, over and over and over, you never feel the need to blame the game for being cheap or unresponsive control but instead you know its your fault.  I always felt this was a sign of a great designed game, such as in Rogue Legacy or Super Meat boy.Don't even wait for this game to go on sale, buy it and, hell, buy it for a friend.  It's that good."
,Recommended,247080,30972312,Posted: 5 April,all,Goomy,"You'll beat zone one with cadence.You'll think you're great at necrodancing.You'll unlock new charactersYou'll get impatient and run into dragons as the BardYou'll bomb yourself as EliYou'll confuse blue slimes into yourself as DoveYou'll step in every goddamn gold pile as Monk.You'll either jump into enemies or die to Dorian's curseYou'll get trapped in a gangbang as MelodyYou'll die within the first ten seconds of playing AriaYou'll never see the horror that is CodaYou'll think you're not so amazing.You'll keep playing anyway.EDIT: You'll beat all zones mode onceYou'll think to yourself 'Hey, i might be able to beat the DLC too.'You'll start zone 5 with Cadence.You'll get sniped by Wizards.You'll get stunned near Cursed Wraiths by Gorgons.You'll try to run from Evil Eyes.You'll jump right into the path of the Electric Zombie every ♥♥♥♥ing chance your character gets.Fortissimole will kill you on your first ten attempts.You'll try the new characters.You'll transform yourself to death with Nocturna, despite your bat's regen effect.You'll diagonal into minotaurs and dragons with Diamond while wondering why you can't get spellsYou'll say 'meh, ♥♥♥♥ it' and keep trying.You'll beat all zones (now including zone 5) with Melody.You'll at least beat zone 4 with Monk.You'll finish zone 1 with AriaYou'll still die to a blue bat."
,Recommended,247080,11496034,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,tangents,"I figured since I've watched close to a combined 100 hours of gameplay prior to the release of the game thanks to the Necrothon, I'd have a firm grasp of the game's mechanics and have a reasonable shot at success.Nope."
,Recommended,247080,15608014,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Arcade,"Everything about this game is just perfection. Two Genres that would never have worked together, and yet it does, and beautifully at that. For a game like this, the music will play a huge part of the quality of the game, and I think Danny B really outdid himself with this. I just can't stop listening to the soundtrack, and then on top of that, we now have 2 alternative albums to listen to!Gameplay is equally fantastic. Every enemy has their own movements to the beat. And it's down to you to figure out how to beat each enemy. Every Zone has a different set of enemies, and the difficulty increases nicely with each zone. The bosses are some of the most clever and innovative bosses I have ever seen in a game. They fit so well with the game, and they still function in fun and unique ways. I mean one of the bosses is basically an entire chess set! Best part is, every single piece moves just like they do in real chess.This game is definitely a contender to be a GOTY for me. It's addictive, it's fun, and the fact you have the choice to have your own music, the mod support, the variety of characters and the ease of changing soundtracks just shows how much effort and detail these guys have put in to the game. I just can't recommend this enough. Take note all you aspiring devs, this is Early Access done right."
,Recommended,247080,14741707,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Hexie Lambent - ♤,"This entire game is just a pure joy to play, over and over and over again.  Even incomplete, the available game is extremely satisfying to go for increasingly flawless runs with the beautiful music and very fair randomization.  Even if you have a ""poor"" run (being a ""roguelike"") it's all dependent on your skill, as there is absolutely no guaranteed damage done to your character - the only time you may get hurt if is you make a wrong move.The enemies are varied enough, the random generation is -usually- never rediculous, the item choices are unique and feel very meaningful and dramatic, you can set your own difficulty with different characters (from the no-rhythm-required Bard to the insanely hardcore Aria that is limited to the starting dagger and half a heart and losing rhythm kills you instantly), your own music can be uploaded and danced to, the pixelated aesthetic is very well-done and doesn't come off as tacky...Worth every dollar, and I even got it on sale.  I'd pay full price for this, easily.  Also, as a warning, the songs are -extremely- infectious and I will find myself humming a random song throughout the day and I often wake up each day with one of the songs running through my head.EDIT:  Just wanted to say the release version of this game is beyond legendary.  The 4th zone absolutely blew my mind, some of the music got noticably polished up, the cutscenes are cool, there's actually a damn transition between levels now, the escape menu got a border... there's a lot of love in this game and I appreciate every ounce of it."
,Recommended,247080,12890084,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,westbrook,"My god, this game is great. You would never expect a rhythm-dungeon crawler combo to ever work, but boy does it.I like to put games into two categories: Games with ""Behind the scenes"" devs, who make a great game but stay in the background; and active devs, who update their game frequently, respond to reviews, etc. Necrodancer falls into the second category.The premise of this game is a dungeon crawler roguelike where you move to the beat. All enemies move to the beat of the Danny B. music (who also wrote music for Super Meat Boy and Binding of Isaac), and learning the enemy patterns (which include moving every beat, or moving up and down every other beat) is vital to your survival. You find items to improve your survivability in shops and chests, with items including rings that add effects or better weapons like longswords. You start with a dagger, which you want to try to replace as fast as possible, because it sucks for combat. All weapons also come in better qualities, like blood, which heals you for a half heart after you kill 10 enemies, or titanium which does 2 damage as opposed to the one damage most weapons do.The game has three bosses, which each come with their own great song and are actually quite challenging. Necrodancer is being updated VERY frequently, and it's really a blast, even in early access.This game has freaking singing shopkeepers. Just buy it.PS: Check out one of the boss songshere"
,Recommended,247080,15729055,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Nuclear Fox,"As strange as overview of this game sounds, it is actually one of the best games in 3 categories: Roguelike, Rhythm Games and games that were in Early Access.Pros:Even with typical roguelike RNG involved, every battle is winnable. It can be walk in the park, or run on a thin edge of a blade, but still, there's always a way to win.Every playthrough is different in terms of enemies you meet, map and items.Most of the items have both good and bad side - what saves you in one situation can lead you to death in another.Soundtrack - if you know Danny, there's nothing else to add, all of his works are brilliant, and this one isn't an exception.Characters - each of them is actually unique, and will totally change the way you play.Rhythm - you don't actually need to always follow it(with SOME secretly secret exception), but following the rhythm is rewarded in many different ways.Cons:Some characters are incredibly hard(think Blue Baby/Lost from BoI:Rebirth), but you knew it wasn't an easy game,right?Learning enemies movesets is necessary for winning, and takes trial and error. Luckily, you can unlock special training grounds that let you kill them until you are sure you mastered all the ways of eliminating them.Overall, the game is fantastic. Strongly recommended for people who are even barely interested in music games or roguelikes."
76561198205591521,Recommended,247080,28921952,Posted: 1 January,all,Thorvald13,"Rythm and rogue like don't seem like a good combo, but this game does it perfectly, with a great soundtrack. this game needs more love."
76561198055814197,Recommended,247080,21375433,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Krauvando,"A friend of mine warned me that aside from the store price, by purchasing this game your soul is also given.I took that as a joke.What a fool I was.Please send help."
76561198021263677,Not Recommended,247080,23697726,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,evan.scott,"There are quite a few things to like about Crypt of the NecroDancer, and there's no question that it is the result of having an interesting crazy idea and running with it - and I love seeing game writers taking risks and doing crazy interesting stuff.But.  This just doesn't work for me.  I'm probably not really the target audience - I have never gotten into the rhythm/dance games at all, and am now probably a bit old and just not generally able to slip into the ""zone"" when playing.Playing the game 'properly', with the beat (not as Bard) is frequently just too chaotic and confusing - particularly when starting out with this constant time pressure (not just the urgency of keeping to the beat, but also knowing there's only a limited amount of time until the song ends and you get forcibly moved on).  I frequently couldn't work out what items were - reading the text was problematic at times, and if I'd picked something up that I didn't already know I found it quite difficult to work out what I had picked up and what to do with it.Playing as Bard (not the default for a Newbie, and I understand why because it doesn't really represent the 'core experience' of the game) sort of solved a lot of this - the time pressure is removed so you can spend as long as you need to look at items and play around with them and learn the enemy behaviour.  But playing as Bard is just dull for the most part.  Removing that core mechanic does drain the game of any particular interest.  I thought it would make sense to play as Bard enough to learn what I needed to learn and then go back in with the beat to enjoy the game, but frankly it just didn't hold enough appeal to do this.The music is great.  The graphics are ok.  The roguelike stuff is ok, although the upgrade system is a bit thin, a bit poorly implemented and a bit ... I don't know, just patchy.  Not enough richness to make it feel worth crawling through the dungeon again and again like a good dungeon crawler does.And there are bugs.  Playing on Windows it just dumped me out of the game every other hour or so.  Not such a big deal, but not great.  And a few possibly deliberate gameplay choices that seem like bugs - the mimics that reveal themselves when you stand next to them, but are still counted as ""fail"" moves to attack until you take a step and get them to move off their square.  It's sitting right there pulsating, I know I need to kill it, but you just fail me for swinging at it?  Minor, but annoying nonetheless.I think there are people who will enjoy this, but it frustrated me too often for too little reward and too little motivation to keep playing."
76561198079195231,Recommended,247080,28398476,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DarkestLink,"I'm good at rythm games.I'm not good at Rouge type games,The odd combitation of the two gave me a challenge that I could never forget.PROS+Awesome grahpics+Amazing soundtrack+Innovative gameplay that I haven't seen+Challenging yet understandably fair until....CONS-♥♥♥♥ ARIA's CHALLENGE"
,Recommended,247080,24155314,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lapin,"-Insert obvious positive points on the graphic and soundtrack--Insert good recommendation for the majority that probably played this game and are looking for validation that the game is good--Insert remarks on how sloppy the structure of this review is and how it's painted in darkness-Ultimately, the question that matters most is:Is Crypt of the necrodancer enjoyable for me?As with all games, not everyone will enjoy this. In fact, even a rouge-like lover might not like this due to it's vastly different playstyle.The biggest turnoff that could ruin one's enjoyment is that the game islargely trial and error. There is almost zero chance of recovering from a mistake in a boss fight and this will end your run. While common in rougelikes, the bosses in this game are unforgiving. Any new enemy you encounter is and will (probably) kill you. It is nigh impossible to complete the gamewithout knowing how to deal with them.Fortunately, there is a practice dungeon that allows you to figure out how to deal with these obstacles.That said, (your experience) how frustrating this game gets depend whether or not you choose and have the patience to use this feature.Spend an hour or two practising against all mini-boss/bosses should you get this game. There are other minor qualms about the game but overall, it was a great experience and the design of certain enemies are ingenious.Note: There isa character (Bard)that would make the game mucheasierdue to the removal of time pressure imposed by the rhythms andchanges the game into a turn-based strategic onebutthe point above stands firm. Because this removes a core element of the game (the rhythimic pressure), it becomes just another rouge adventure and you will not be playing the same game that is advertised.The game itself is fairly short and is broken into four (4x4) zones and there is a notable difficulty spike in the latter zones.The approach to beating each level is vastly different.The upside? You are allowed to skip zones after beating them once.Zone 1 and 2 allows you to take things slow. -Kiting-Zone 3 forces you to manage and balance the different skill sets the enemies have and take the pre-emptive strike before you are swarmed. (Bad RNG can happen in this zone so be prepared for frustration.)Zone 4 requires fast planning and twitchy reflexes.-------------TL:DR-------------Shuffle and boogie to da beat like your bootie in da heat dancing cha-chain the crypt. And here we go! Forward backward rock-step, side together siderock-step~ConclusionGreat game, not for everyone. If you have twitchy reflexes, patience practising, like strategy (more so chess as opposed to RTS) and rouge-like games, this is the game foryou!Otherwise, grab the game on sale for a taste of this unique masochistic hybrid."
,Recommended,247080,11501235,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ARF,"Dont let the Early Access tag scare you. Game has a great amount of content to keep you occupied right now and with hardcore mode, which you can liken to doing a full run in Spelunky without taking shortcuts, will keep you satiated for a good long time. A few high points that are worth mentioning, you can play with your own music tracks, the controls are fully rebindable, the game is all about skill which makes it very satisfying to pull off combos properly, there is no gear checks or artificial barriers to gameplay. SImply put if you are able to perfectly execute it, you can go through the entire game with the weakest weapon without any problems."
,Recommended,247080,32657345,Posted: 22 June,all,Rigel (라브),♪┏(・⌣･)┛♪┗ ( ･▽･) ┓♪
76561198083217380,Recommended,247080,32422861,Posted: 14 June,all,Koalafant,"I absolutely hated rythym games and dungeon games until I played this. Danny Baronowsky, Brace Yourself, and Klei certainly set a precendent with this one."
,Recommended,247080,12619457,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Natizilda,"I loved this game! It's really challenging, but not to the point of frustration. The graphics are beautiful with vibrant colors, and the soundtrack is so great that I didn't even wanted to change to my own songs to play (which is one of the features of the game).It can be a little bit unfair sometimes, though. There were times where I would appear in a level already surrounded by enemies with no room to fight them. Maybe it's common in rogue-like games, I'm not really used to the genre, but I think maybe there would be some more room since defeating enemies depend on the space you have to make the moves. Is not something that disturbs the game experience, though, and it gave me some more hours trying to finish the dungeons.I really recommend it!"
,Recommended,247080,12538566,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Floppy,"I whipped a green dragon to death with a single hit from a glass whip, then blew up the shopkeeper's shop wall, took the gold from it to buy more bombs from him, then blew the rest of the shop up.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,34003581,Posted: 3 August,all,Graham Crackers,"Indie Rogue-Likes are a dime a dozen on Steam these days, but Necrodancer stands out by being both creative and really, really fun to play.While it may not be the next Nuclear Throne in terms of depth, Necrodancer does have a few tricks up its sleeves to keep things interesting. A half dozen or so unlockable characters (all with their own unique twists and stipulations), a customizable item pool, and of course the traditional random level generation are here, but I often found the smaller things, like being able to dig through walls, more fun to mess around with. There's a lot of replay value as well, if you don't mind the challenge that is.And speaking of challenge, it can be a surprisingly difficult game at times. Although there's just 4 levels (with 3 stages each), you'll know the ins and outs of every one of them before long.But let's be real here. The soundtrack is an incredibly crucial part of any good rhythm game, and Necrodancer knocks its music out of the park. This isn't a game OST pretending to be a dance album, it IS a dance album. Hands down, this game has some of the best beats I've heard in a while.Everyone involved in this project has poured their heart and soul into it, and it really shows. If you like rhythm games, you absolutelyhaveto try this one!"
,Recommended,247080,25185653,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ｄｅｆｅｃｔ,My most common cause of death is probably being unable to see after being moved to tears by the shopkeeper's glorious singing. ಥ_ಥ
,Recommended,247080,13219400,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Kinix,"Crypt Of The NecroDancer is my ultimately favorite rogue-like. You have to move to the beat while killing various enemies which can be very hard. If you make one stupid mistake, then you are screwed. The good thing is, ALL the deaths are YOUR fault-I still haven't had any crashes whatsoever. This game is infinitely replayable, with daily challenges and hardcore mode. This game does NOT hold your hand, you will be fighting and fighting for days to complete just zone 1. There is basically no tutorial but to figure out the patterns of the enemies you can unlock the ( I don't remember who he is called ). I rate this game 8/8 because it's great"
76561198079471304,Recommended,247080,11668461,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,OddyC,"Before I say anything else, I'd like to point you towards this 7-minute review of Crypt of the NecroDancer on my channel. It condenses everything you need to know into what I hope is a very concise and informative video, so do give it a quick view if you're thinking of buying the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MhrYHkjif4For those to whom it appeals, rest assured that Crypt of the NecroDancer is something unique, beautiful and hilarious. I've never found such a good substitute for sleep in all my life. It's made me laugh many times since I bought it, and it's more than lived up to my expectations. It's a seriously great game that seems confident in its own abilities and rightly so.Studying and countering the attack patterns of each enemy you encounter is unbelievably rewarding. For most people, you'll start the game throwing yourself into a roomful of monsters and watching with fascination as you get utterly demolished. But the game relies on its own addictive nature to keep you playing, because the more you play, and the more you die, the more you learn how to stay alive for the next time.Rather than just repeating what I say in the video, I urge you to watch it and leave you with these remarks in summary:There is very little in this game that is not a reason to buy it. The gameplay, the variation, the creativity, the music - oh, god, the music - all of it is just astoundingly well-done.The game doesn't feel like it's in Early Access. Aside from the couple of features not yet programmed in, such as the full selection of characters to play as, everything is as polished as you'd hope the finished game would be.Despite dying more times than I care to count, I have yet to feel frustrated with the game. And I can get quite easily frustrated with games that kill me a lot. But with NecroDancer, I'm only ever frustrated with myself, for not quite moving fast enough, or panicking at a crucial moment. In a world of unfair gaming experiences, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a beacon of light that invites to you blame yourself, rather than the game!Yes, the game is challenging. Despite having played it long enough to know the attack patterns of most monsters in the game, the monsters frequently - shockingly often, in fact - get the better of me. It's not just a matter of learning the game. Thanks to the fast-paced rhythm aspect, it's instead a matter of calling upon your knowledge at a moment's notice, and staying calm even at the sight of a minotaur charging towards you, or a red dragon preparing to unleash fiery chaos upon you in the next half a second.The soundtrack is one of the best I've ever heard in a game.There is simply nothing to criticise - at least, nothing apart from the most minor issues, such as monsters occasionally getting in each other's ways and forcing each other to remain stationary until you kill them. But that rarely happens, and it's certainly nothing even close to a game-breaking issue - it's just a quirk of the game. And seeing as it's still in Early Access, I'm surprised that's the only one I can think of!Closing remarks: Crypt of the NecroDancer is amazing. One of the most flawless games I've ever played. If it appeals to you then buy it. You will not be disappointed, I guarantee it."
,Recommended,247080,25733174,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,| AOD | Forgotten Lands,CUSTOM MUSIC DISABLES ACHIEVEMENTS! A really good thing to know up front
,Recommended,247080,12798899,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,RoX,"[early access - review]As an avid musician and part time gamer, Crypt of the NecroDancer was a ""have to"" buy for me. The idea of incorporating music as the mode for a metronomic gameplay system was intriguing. After finally getting this loaded up, I thought for sure that I had an advantage in this game given that I've honed my own internal metronome for nearly a quarter century and my gaming skills for nearly 3 decades but little did I know that this game puts a whole new meaning into the expression ""beat down."" To elaborate on that further frankly,I got beat down to the down beat.With NecroDancer, it takes more than just timing and gaming experience to survive, as this is a calculated, quick-witted, speed chess match and really is not a game you are going to get far in if you are distracted or not all in to it.The sound track is great and is one of the biggest reasons (for me anyways) to play this game. Being that I am a musician, my rig is setup with an audio controller and studio monitors, so that I can pump out some decibels and at high volumes this game sounds even better! If you don't have a decent sound setup, a good pair of headphones is crucial. The sound track has a wide range musical styles from the trancey-technoish electronic, chillin mellow reggae-ish, flowing hip hop beats, beatnik jazzy swing, to the grinding heavy metal; all of which is synthesized and composed sequencing. This is understandable considering the game play is tempo driven, though from a musicians point of view, some music wasn't meant to be synthesized and even though musically it is written well, the metal doesn't feel right. A minor gripe. Regardless, every style has a lot of energy with a beat that really delivers the tempo when playing. My last gripe, though petty, I think a little more could be done with the sound effects during gameplay to incorporate them into the music a little cleaner, being that attacks and movement must be done on beat. It is still early access, so we'll see.There are 2 things that bothered me about this game. One I can look past and most people do not mind the uncontemporized 8-bit graphics but I'm hoping there is a little bit more updating to set it aside from the rest (again, early access). My other issue I had was perplexing and that was the controls. After calibrating to compensate for the latencies, I went to the options to personalize my joystick controls. The devs offer a lot of options in this screen, which is nice, but they have controls labeled 'Combo: Up + Down', 'Combo: Left + Right', 'Combo: Up + left', etc... that you assign to a button. What? This was confusing at first. Well, turns out that these are for using items and using some menu functions. It gives the controls an additional method by using both the movement combinations as well as assigning it to a button. This gives a huge advantage for using a keyboard over a joystick. I also found that when using the keyboard, it was much easier to keep the timing, as though it felt more ""instrumenty' than the joystick. My last gripe about the controls is that they are not actually ""full controller supported"" as stated on the store page. Stick 2 on my 360 controller could not be assigned controls during setup. Oh well, I like the keyboard more for this game anyways!The gameplay is simple. Using the directionals, you move and attack on beat. The enemies will too, though they all do not move the same manner or count and as I mentioned earlier, this really makes it more of a speed chess match. If you are in the wrong square, miss a beat, or move incorrectly, it could mean game over. This adds a whole new dimension of difficult and for those of you that cannot keep a beat there are additional modes, like turn based, so even the musically challenged can enjoy this game. There are a lot of power ups and items available, though at the moment doesn't exactly feel ""rouge-like"" just yet but I'm sure that'll change. There are also a multitude of in game mutations that ramp the difficulty level up significantly. Even without them, this game is hard, which should appeal to anyone who likes a challenge in gaming.*Also note: do not expect a huge amount of content out of the box, at this stage in early access there are few levels offered in Crypt of the NecroDancer. At the moment 4 levels consisting of 3 stages and a boss level. (I'll update this review as the developers do... can't get enough of this game) There is also a daily challenge, though I'm not sure why these resources are not allocated to coding, sprites, music, sound, etc...OverviewGameplay:Music Driven Rogue-Like.Graphics:8-bit. They are okay but would like to see them a little more contemporized.Sound:Sound Track is Phenomenal (by gaming standards)! Sound effects are good but again, I'd like to hear them mixed in on tempo with the music, making them one and the same.Controls:Great with a keyboard. Though, as of now it’s a little disappointing with a controller but still decent.Replayability:Yes. The addition of seeding gives this game a ton of potential.Overall:8/10 – Though it is nothing to scoff at, once new features, updates, and fixes are implemented; I'm sure this rating will be much higher in Crypt of the NecroDancer's fully released state.The element of music and gameplay make this a great game and one that I truly enjoy. I recommend this to everyone and is a must buy for anyone who likes musically driven games."
,Recommended,247080,15539539,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dharsy,"This game is exactly what it says it is, a mash between the roguelike genre and rhythm games. But it is more than that. The first guideline is fairness : It is one of the only fair roguelikes. When you die, you will be able to watch the replay of your last few moves so you can understand what killed you and why. I have played this game for almost 100 hours, and never have I felt like my death was unfair. It was always my own fault, so I couldn't blame the game for anything. And that takes the frustration out of the experience.The second one is mastery : while you will have to learn a few patterns and item effects, they are pretty straightforward, and the game has a training room where you can learn at your own pace everything you want to learn. But the real difficulty comes in when you have to adapt to those patterns, dance with the enemies without making a mistake, and when there are multiple enemies, you'll have to keep track of what each of them is doing and adapt to the situation. This would be easy to do if it wasn't for the time restriction : you can't stay here and think, you have to keep moving to the beat. That is why you need mastery : the ability to master the patterns to a point where they become second nature, for you won't have time to think, only react.Put these two wors together, and you get Crypt of the Necrodancer : difficult but fair.You won't need luck or knowledge, you won't need any wiki to remember what every item does, the only thing you'll need is yourself, your brain, your reflexes, your skill. Are you up to the task ? Can you manage to defeat the Necrodancer and escape from the Crypt ? You are the ony one able to answer that question."
,Recommended,247080,11528540,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ividyon,"NecroDancer is an instant classic, and one of few games where Early Access is ABSOLUTELY worth it. The game is addicting and pretty much complete, and the updates keep coming hard and fast, bringing more and more variety and fun to the table.The gameplay feels complete, looks, sounds and feels great and is immediately addicting. Replayability is available aplenty via custom music, roguelike-characteristic difficulty, replays, leaderboards (for gold score and speedrun time, respectively), unlockables and a hardcore mode with optional seeds input.The only missing feature is a zone; there's 3 zones à 3 levels right now, which are plenty to bite your nails out already. Other than that, all that's left to be added are simply optional bonuses; more variety and options, of which there already exist a lot.This is legitimately the only Early Access game I can recommend and say ""get this right now"". The amazing music won't let you go for a while, you'll find yourself doing other stuff to the NecroDancer beat... that's how addictive it is."
,Recommended,247080,11535436,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Bonk Donkulous,"Wait, you managed to find this review and you haven't bought this game yet? What are you doing? It's well worth full price, and it is easily one of the most original awesome games I've ever played. There's 2 player co-op, ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥es, and getting money, all while playing to the beat of the music! 11/10 would only recommend this game for the rest of my life."
,Recommended,247080,30153966,Posted: 24 February,all,Merier,This game is extremely underrated.
,Recommended,247080,13680981,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Libido Dealer,"NEVER HAD A PANIC ATTACK?NOW, PRESENT THE CRYPT OF THE PANIC-ATTACKERYOU WILL GET A GOOD ONEdopamine guaranteed=========================================================This game now is way better than sex and slightly better than masturbationIt's like the game is having intercourse with your brain by using your ears and arrow keysI cried and cummed a little bit while playing stage 4This is not a gameIt's drugI could get super high in a sec"
,Recommended,247080,25648328,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Doodledodo,the gamplay at the beginning is very simplehowever afterwards it will leave you in a pickleup down left and rightyou move with beat in order to move and fightpicking gold after every killto trully master this game recquires a steel willdifferent items and setups on every runis truly what makes this game diverse and fundifferent strategies for different lootcan either make you puny or a bulky brutethe story is simple but the gameplay is richso pick up this game and beat up that atonal lichand whatever you do never play or step afootnear the becursed and sinister golen lute...
,Recommended,247080,12307113,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"One of the most unique games I have played in a long time.  As Cadence, you move through dungeons, dig through walls, use spells and items, attack enemies and bosses, all while staying in tune with the music.  You can not do these things if you do not match the music.  The longer you go without messing up, the greater the gold multiplier you have.  Which means more gold to buy an awesome variety of weapons, armor, and other items from the shopkeeper.  You can also find items hidden behind walls and in chests.There are plenty of different maps, different songs, and different game modes, along with a bunch other special things you will unlock in the game.  There is also a large enemy variety, and each one behaves very differently from the next.  If you die, you are dead.  You start over completely.  This game is awesome, and definitely worth every penny.""They told me I was too young.  They told me I needed more training.  I told them to drop dead.  How ironic...I don't know how I survived that fall.  Something strange must have happened.  My pulse is beating like a drum, but my blood is running cold.  I'm not sure what's going on but I came here with a question, and I'm gonna find the answer if it kills me."" -Cadence"
76561198013429479,Recommended,247080,15878018,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Uero-Ro,"[Minor spoilers about end game gameplay].I had been in the Crypt for almost 20 hours before I first encountered the Necrodancer.I'd like to talk of that experience:The identity of the Dead Ringer revealed, I felt a pang of confusion, only to hear him guide me, and then to realize I had to juggle two heroes terrified me. How many runs had I failed this far? And another boss after what already seemed like an impossible ordeal.It only took me a few moments to realize the new mechanic I had to juggle in the last fight, and it was an amazing surprise which immediately filled the dancer floor with new energy.I spent the first minute of the encounter with the Necrodancer keeping my heroes side by side, getting used to the beat. The easy beginning really affords those fighting Necrodancer for the first time the time they need to get ready.And then, one by one I begin aligning my heroes, triggering bombs to the stage--not too difficult.When the Necrodancer took to the dance floor, indeed was my heart beating at the  120bpm step, in sync with the Necrodancer himself.  I begrudgingly set aside my Obsidian Crossbow and equipped the Golden Lute, determined to do this right. At first, I ran from his reanimated fiends and explosive spells, trying to realign myself and regroup with my ally, but as soon as I understood his rhythm I slided in for a hit. The Necrodancer skips away only losing a single heart from my note, summoning more monsters between us.Black Knights began to flank me on all sides and it's a challenge to keep them off with my ally's Flail. At one point I realize the Golden Lute can only sing its music if Cadence has a empty tile to move to, so being surrounded by shield bearing skeletons on two sides and a wall and ally covering the other two, I struggle to make any movements at all, all while rapidly losing health. For an instant I fear the worst, but in the next beat does my ally bash his Flail fowards, knocking back one skeleton--I immediately pounce on the next beat, allowing my Lute to sound the minions to dust.The fight continues with me piercing again and again with my Lute, bringing the Necrodancer to a third of his health, while monsters continue to scratch my ally and I. In the fight I've lost four of my nine hearts, leaving both my ally and I at one and a half hearts left, and as I continue to hit the Necrodancer do increasingly powerful monsters seem to appear.Eventually, there are too many skeletons in erratic formations I can't easily line up to attack, their pursuit herding me to one side of the dance floor where an Ogre has just joined. I've died many times to Ogres in the fourth zone, but I know the brute, slow, can be defeated if I merely kite around it. However, I worry that in the process, the new ally by my side would then get smashed in the ensuing blow. I move in, hitting him again and again as I circle to his back.It was at that time, checking the hearts of my ally and I, going over the directional combinations to use bombs, switching to my holstered weapon or beating my war drum, as well as predicting the path of the many dancers of the Necrodancer did I make my fatal error. My attention split, I panic and move one tile away from the Ogre, immediately attracting his singularly directed club.My obsidian armor, then powered down and thin as paper from the onslaught of reanimations is cleaved in two, Cadence immediately perishing under the mighty blow.I will now begin talking about my opinion of the game:I spent 20 hours trying to get farther and farther than before.Being able to dance with the Necrodancer was an incredible experience, despite dying, my body is still flowing with music high. Please try this game. There are very smart design choices evident throughout every aspect. The music, the level design, the enemies and items all progress so well. Timing each act to the length of a song, having enemies which all have simple but broad ranges of dance moves to overcome make them easy to approach but brilliantly challenging in hoards. You feel extremely rewarded for your experienced-earned dexterity the roguelike demands--the game is a fantastic challenge that's never too easy.A great example is in certain circumstances (secret vendors and trapdoors) do you find yourself in an incredibly confined space with two minibossess and two small minions. The first time you see this your fear and greenness lead to your immediate demise, but after enough of dancing do you begin to, not only feel comfortable with these, but even actively seek them out for the item and gold reward from defeating them.Once you can beat bosses, your greed begins to demand you defeat them without a single misstep, for the glorious Flawless Victory that rewards your ego as well as giving you an additional chest to bolster your hero. I thought being an indie game this would be a quick fun change of pace but it's so much more. I've only played twenty hours but I don't intend to stop any time soon. It's a game I would recommend to any friend who comes over, it's a game I would play when I have a short break or if I have a few hours. Sometimes it can be tough if you keep dying but the rewards essentially beg you to succeed.  I keep coming back for more Crypt of the Necrodancer!"
,Recommended,247080,15627830,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Stakhanov,This is what happens when the perfect game concept has the perfect soundtrack composed for it.
,Recommended,247080,16631922,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"Wow. Just woow! What a great game.Imagine a chess endgame-like gameplay (like working out tempos with your king, you know) with a rougelike setting somewhat drawing from Spelunky, in a RHYTHM game.  BEAT it!There's great educational value to it, no kidding. I just recently covered a rhytmic guitar handbook and the very first exercise there was quite exactly what you practice throughout CotND: record yourself tapping to the metronome, then listen to the recording and ponder how much offbeat you get despite you try hard. As my friend who was a strong jazz drummer used to say: ""Anyone can play any instrument, there's no big deal to it. But it takes a musician to play to the beat.""Oh, and you can import your own music for even more fun...  I want ""Swing Eights"" DLC now! :)"
,Recommended,247080,28802042,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wamlab,"1 Hour: Wow this game is really cool!3 Hours: Wow, Cadence is really hard, but im almost to the end of zone 4! I cant believe I have almost beat the game!5 Hours: There... Is... More...?8 Hours: Melody wasn't that hard... Now for Aria!15 Hours: WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥, I'm just gonna try for an all zones mode35 Hours: Why am I still playing this..."
,Recommended,247080,19147752,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,sarysa,"I waited way too long to pick this one up. On one hand, I love rhythm games and was huge into Rock Band's drums back in the day. On the other hand, roguelikes are a bit overdone at this point and even a game with a huge amount of depth can be a turnoff when you play for 30 hours and only see less than 10% of the content, often because RNGesus hates you.I'm going to assume that you enjoy rhythm games if you're considering this one, Crypt of the NecroDancer does three things that roguelikes in general can learn from.The first is that everything is predictable, even when it's random. The majority of enemies follow a strict algorithmic pattern and the better you are at discerning these patterns and reacting to them quickly, the better you will do. Red Bats' random movements are countered by paying attention to what tiles they are on and what tiles you're on. Bosses have reliable strategies that allow them to be taken out with zero damage suffered, even the ones like Death Metal who have aspects of randomness included. Item drops are random, but this matters less as you unlock higher and higher difficulties that are designed to deprive you of gear and demand perfection.The second thing is that the majority of things are unlocked within a relatively short span of play for a roguelike, about 10 hours. Furthermore, competitive modes such as the Daily Challenge and All Zones/Seeded put everyone on a completely level playing field from the start. No system of unlocks that favors 300+ hour players over the new installs, which is frankly a very good thing. It's not just even popular roguelikes, competitive has become a joke across a wide array of genres due to the industry's addiction to progression systems. It's used as an artificial longevity tactic and even though the store page isn't all 100+ hour reviewers, you know those reviewers' time wasn't wasted by grinding either. This trait gives Crypt of the Necrodancer more of an arcade feel, which is appropriate as all zone runs generally last under an hour. (with the world record seeded speedrun being under 2 minutes)The last kudos goes to the fact that you can enable an option (off by default) to make item names/descriptions visible. I love this feature -- a certain other mega-popular roguelike lacks this feature and as a result it feels like a Mediawiki simulator, constantly disrupting the flow of play. There are a few items without descriptions but these are clearly cursed or ""double-edged sword"" type items, so that's fine.Although not tagged as such, it's worth mentioning that this game is very difficult. You have a lot more information to process than other rhythm games, especially as enemies start becoming more numerous. The difficulty spikes drastically once you unlock the final story mode character, who can only survive two hits or missed beats. Needless to say the YouTube rendition of all the cutscenes is very popular as a result, but just looking at the global achievement stats (and the lack of achievers) will tell you that this game isn't messing around. This isn't a huge problem due to customization options being robust enough to suit any difficulty level, though the one thing they got wrong was hiding the ""double time"" character behind the ""gold one-shots you"" character. It's probably justifiable by difficulty scaling, but it's not all that justifiable by locking what many would consider to be the ""fun hard"" character behind ""tedious hard"" one. But this is a small nitpick honestly.There are plenty of ways to customize the game. The options menu supports a wide range of preferences, always important for letting people feel ""in the zone"" in a rhythm game. There's a modding system, though I haven't used it much yet. The song importer is pretty good, and it accurately timed songs that I ripped from my CD's as WMA and then turned into OGG with Audacity. (only mp3 and ogg are supported) Digital purchases will probably fare just as well. PC rips will require manual timing, which works well enough. It also gives you options to play songs at half or double time, which you might want with higher BPM genres like Metal. Necrodancer seems to have a range for where BPM should be, and halves any that exceed that range -- so you'll want to either play your Dragonforce CD as Bolt, or manually set it to 2x speed.One final positive to mention, and also advice for new players -- it's playable with a dance pad, but you probably need to be superhuman to have a chance in the more difficult modes. Keyboard is also supported, and if you're playing on keyboard, remap the spell/item/misc keys right away and disable the default combos. This seems to make the input more responsive...or maybe I expected it to and it just seems more responsive. It's also good to get used to your own layout right away as the inprecision of two key input will eventually end up biting you the more the game demands perfection.All in all, this is an amazing game...and I'll be there on day 1 if an expansion or sequel comes out."
,Recommended,247080,19776357,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,SEESAW EFFECT,saltgenerator.exeNothing like beating Aria's final boss and then dying to a fireball before you leave.
,Not Recommended,247080,25913581,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Gigazelle | pan.tf,"Don't get me wrong, I personally LOVE this game. The music is incredible to listen to; the gameplay mechanics are engaging and fun; and the overarching theme is creative and original. The concept is amazing, and initially I thought it was executed well too.The reason why I don't recommend this game is because of the absurd and arbitrary roller coaster of a difficulty curve that this game is.Playing Cadence was a fun and invigorating challenge. I banged my head a bit trying to beat the boss, but was able to eventually overcome it. The difficulty curve was fair and steady.Playing Melody was easy - a cakewalk compared to Cadence. I beat all 4 zones in 1-2 tries, no sweat. The difficulty curve was abnormally low here, especially after beating the 4th zone with Cadence.Then we have Aria... never have I played a videogame that it so unforgiving and punishing.There are several major disagreements I have with this:The cliff-like difficulty spike: especially going from Melody to Aria, this was a stark negative experience for me.That this ridiculous difficulty spike is included in the main storyline: This effectively locks out everyone but hardcore players from even the base storyline (Yes I'm saying that if you clear all Aria's zones I consider you a hardcore player!). I have nothing against the existence of Aria's gameplay; I can appreciate the level of difficulty that she offers. But I do take issue that the storyline cannot progress unless you play through all 4 zones with her.She has no advantages to other characters: Playing Melody was a new and interesting experience because of the lute and having to adjust my strategy to dance around the enemies. Aria doesn't bring anything new to the table; in fact, she takes things off the tableIf Aria's gameplay was adjusted to be more reasonable by giving her a unique gameplay advantage, I would not hesitate to recommend this game to everyone I know. However, the difficulty curve (i.e. roller coaster) is not something I would want those I know to experience."
76561198044132870,Recommended,247080,27379162,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,syomodo,"*player dies*PLAYER: What happened? I'm dead?GAME: Not quite my tempo.PLAYER: What?GAME: It's all good. No worries. We'll do it again.*player dies*PLAYER: The ****?GAME: You're rushing.PLAYER: Let me try one more time.*player dies*GAME: Dragging, just a hair.PLAYER: Really? Well this time is for real. Bring it.GAME: Wait for my cue.*player dies*PLAYER: ****! AGAIN!*player dies*GAME: Rushing.*player dies*GAME: Dragging.*player dies*GAME: Why do you suppose I just hurled a ******* dragon at your face?PLAYER: I don't know.GAME: Sure you do.PLAYER: The tempo?GAME: Were you rushing or were you dragging?PLAYER: I ... I don't know.GAME: Start.PLAYER: ...GAME: The run, damn it. Look at me.*player dies*GAME: Now, were you rushing or were you dragging?PLAYER: I don't know.GAME: Play again.*player dies*GAME: Rushing or dragging?PLAYER: Rushing.GAME: So you DO know the difference.*player cries*GAME: If you deliberately sabotage those runs, I will **** you like a pig. Now, are you a rusher, or are you a dragger, OR ARE YOU GONNA PLAY ON MY ******* TIME?"
76561198028114935,Recommended,247080,23734954,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,tmuller,"I absolutely love this game, and keep coming back to it.  It takes some time getting used to, but I've played it 100 hours and I feel like I'm still learning new things about it.  The game really opens up a bit once you get access to the different characters, and the very differing playstyles means there are many hours to enjoy.  10/10 would fully recommend."
,Recommended,247080,16493246,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Soft Furry Boyfriend,"Dungeon Crawling, Random Levels, Unlockable Characters, BUT THEN THERES LOCAL CO OP, DANCE PAD SUPPORT, CUSTOM MP3 SUPPORT.This game is a combination of a roguelike dungeon crawler and dance dance revolution.What are you doing.buy this game now."
,Recommended,247080,15674634,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Civilized Lava,"You will die - a lot. But the mechanics are so solid in this game, that there is never any question as to who's at fault when you die; and that's refreshing. I've been sucked into this game for hours, intending to sit down for a short play session, only to end up trying again and again to improve my skills, and progress. In the age of depressing, gritty, gaming-realism, this game is ridiculously fun and quirky, and I hope the creators know what a gem of a game they've got here. And the music? I don't even know where to start. I only wish there was more of this boogie based dungeoncrawler...Did I mention lots of female protagonists?"
76561198264891429,Recommended,247080,34947890,Posted: 14 September,all,jaguarnick,"On sale? Buy it. Not on sale? Buy it. Price is doubled? Still buy it.If you're reading this review (and many others) to see if you really want this game, don't question it. You clicked on it, read the description, watched the trailer, and now are reading reviews; you're obviously interested. Be warned though, the game is very difficult. You need to keep at it for quite a while before you learn enemy patterns and clear the first area consistently.It's so worth it in the end though."
76561198261533182,Recommended,247080,20634848,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,JH,good game for those who enjoy both music and being in constant agony
,Recommended,247080,15243866,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Gativrek,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a extremely fun rhythm roguelike with custom music game with difficulty for everyone.The game is still on Early Access so there's not much to say. You can play as various characters, some are easy, some are extremely difficult (i'm looking at you, Aria). The easiest character in the game is Cadence in my opinion. You walk as the hearbeats go, and the enemies move if you don't. If you don't like the whole heartbeats stuff, you can play as Bard and be free of all that crap. Other characters are a variation of Cadence, like not killing enemies or not picking up gold.Right now, there are 3 zones and 4 bosses, Mines, Underground Forest (?), Icy Hot place (???).Not going to spoil any of the bosses, but there's an extremely easy one, easy one, medium one (probably my favorite), and hard as balls one.You pretty much always are carrying a sword and a shovel. You can upgrade it the sword to a broadsword, spear, longsword, whip, and even a bow and arrow which all have glass, obsidian, blood, gold, platinum, etc... variations. Same for the shovel.You will also get Headpieces, Shoes, Armor, Potions, Maps, Scrolls, Food, Magic, and other stuff.One complaint that i have with this game is that it recycles the enemies way too much. Want a example?""Oh look, it's a green smile""""Wow, it's a blue slime""""Watch out, it's a yellow slime!""""Please don't kill me mr. lava slime!""""This is getting repetitive, right ice slime?""And then there are white skeleton, white skeleton with shield, white skeleton with horse, yellow skeleton, yellow skeleton with shield, etc...They are all different but they're pretty much the same thing with different colors/health.8.5/10"
,Recommended,247080,11481921,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Tankran,"At the time of writing this review, I have spent 45 minutes of my life playing this game. Every minute from now will run to the beat of the heart. I am very sad that the previous 13966442.316689755768 minutes of my life have been wasted."
,Recommended,247080,27757080,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,riot blob,"One of my absolute favourite games of all time. ""Rhythm game plus roguelike"" was the hook that caught me, and then ""I'll never be able to finish this game but it's fun"" became ""how does anyone win as Monk"" became ""okay, but I'll never win as Aria"" … and now I'm hovering on the brink of aspiring to an All Chars run. The puns are glorious, the music is epic and the story is cool without being too intrusive when all you really want to do is get really stressed and fail repeatedly.Also, the shopkeeper is amazing. <3"
,Recommended,247080,30005136,Posted: 18 February,all,Sifu,Add Eminem's Rap God as custom music.Crawl the dungeons sanic speed.10/10 one of the best indie games imho
76561198050962270,Recommended,247080,23859020,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Muffinmurdurer,"A fantastic game where every single move must be calculated by the player. Do you use the whip to try and reach around corners or do you bring along the bow so that you can reach far off enemies, believe me, these are vital things to consider because the wrong decision can cost you the run. This game was definitely worth every single cent."
,Recommended,247080,15603327,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Winged Ferrets,"This game. HAS CHANGED MY LIFE FOREVER.as soon as i reached the end of zone one, i saw him. i SAW KING CONGA. AND THE MUSIC. OH LORD THE MUSIC. I WAS BLESSED FROM THE HEAVENS AS MY HANDS HIT THE 8TH BEAT AND HE CAME DOWN TO ME. AND HE SCREAMED. SCREAMED WILD MONKEY HOWLS. AND ENDED MY RUN.it. was. heavenly.i reacomend tis geam 15.674/10seriously. buy. it. NOW."
,Recommended,247080,32307260,Posted: 9 June,all,Robert,"I bought this game solely for the rhythm mechanics and I was not disappointed. The gameplay is loads of fun, the soundtrack is awesome, and the game actually offers a really nice challenge."
,Recommended,247080,11544325,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,ugotopia123,"Edit: As of December 25, 2014 (Merry Christmas)I really love this game. Danny Baranowsky does a beautiful job at making the music catchy and fit the theme of the levels. The game is incredibly hard, split into 4 zones (4th zone is locked as of the early access). Once you beat one zone (each zone is made up of 3 normal levels and a final boss, all of which are amazing and the music to the bosses are amazing as well) the next zone opens up. I've unlocked Zone 3 and it's nearly impossible for me. I mean, come on, there's a chess boss where the pieces move exactly like in chess, it's absolutely badass.There's a daily challenge much like Spelunky and SpiderMod for Isaac, and I've seen scores of people who have beaten the game, so it IS possible, it's just really hard. Don't let the challenge discourage you from getting it. Enemies have a distinct pattern (except bats, ♥♥♥♥ those guys), and you have to attack the enemy between their attack pattern to hit them unharmed, however if you stay in a square or attempt to move into a square that an enemy moves onto at the same time, you get hit. There is some knowledge you gain only by playing the game, such as attack prioritization. For example, the game prioritizes your attack over all enemies', so if you attack a 1 health enemy that's going to attack you at the same time, your attack is registered first and the enemy dies without you getting hit, but if the enemy has more than 1 health, you get hit because you didn't kill the enemy on that beat.When you get hurt or die it's ALWAYS because you messed up the enemy pattern, I've never felt the game cheated me on damage or death. And don't think the game is trial and error on knowing the enemy patterns, they nearly always have a tell when they're about to attack so you can attack them in between.There are very, very minor bugs in the game, sure a good amount of them are userend, meaning you might mess up thinking how something works and try to use it incorrectly only to have it mess you up (such as learning how the Cat of Nine Tails works, I hate this weapon), but the actual bugs in the game are barely noticeable and the creator does an absolutely fantastic job of updating the game and squashing bugs, he's very very active on the /r/necrodancer subreddit as well as the Brace Yourself Games forums where there's a bug database that you can add to or search through to see if a bug you found has already been seen.The visual style is nice, the pixelated art works fine, the level art is looks good. Most enemies groove out to the music so it's pretty cool.There's also a feature where you can use your own music and the game will process it and determine the beat of the music, so far it's pretty accurate though it does seem to have very minor issues with certain songs. But I really like the original music so I'm probably not going to change it.The more I play this game, the more I'm loving it. I fell in love with the Binding of Isaac and have about 230 hours in it, I can EASILY see myself outplaying that game in this one. Seriously, the music is some of the best I've heard in a game, the gameplay is fresh and the creator is constantly updating and improving the experience. Is it worth $15? ABSOLUTELY. I would not skip a beat even if this game was $30 dollars or even full retail at $60. The replay value is immense and if I get 200 hours in this game, even if the game was prices at $60, I payed $3.33 per hour, and I say that's an amazing deal. What makes this hypothetical even better is the game is FIFTEEN DOLLARS, NOT SIXTY. Come on, do yourself a favor and pick this game up. If the game is on sale (which it is for the Winter Sale), I say with 100% certainty that it is worth your time to buy it.At first I said this game is an 8.5/10. ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ this gets 10000/10."
,Recommended,247080,14085697,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Siggi,The shop keeper has a great singing voice.
76561198141806587,Recommended,247080,28890206,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PepperSpanish,I'm very bad at this game
,Recommended,247080,23107985,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Akka,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥all over my backyard.I'm so engaged and pumped up to the maximum. The music keeps coming at me. Combat is a blast, easily some of the most fun♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever seen in either a dungeon crawler or rougelike. I keep kickin♥♥♥♥♥and havin a blast.Unlike most rougelikes you aren't set back alll the way to the beginning when you (inevitably, frequently) die. This game and it's rock solid soundtrack are like sweet nectar to my body."
,Not Recommended,247080,18021708,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Fl3sh,"Just becuase your game is hard, doesn't mean it's good. Great concept here, total lack of content hidden behind frustrating layers of difficulty.Edit: To clarify since people seem to think I'm ""just doing it wrong"". I love a lot of the ideas in this game... a unique rhythm based dungeon crawler is right up my alley; but when you strip it all back what we have here is a shallow rougelike experience wrapped behind some incredibly charming art / style and a great soundtrack.There are 4 levels and a handful of enemy types, and no matter what the folks in the comments say you're going to die... a lot. The soundtrack is good, which is nice because you're going to be listening to the same 3 songs over and over as you attempt to master the enemy movements.I don't personally recommend it because I found the experience frustrating and unrewarding. Judging by the fact the current store shows the ratings as 98% positive I'm obviously the minority here. There are folks with hundreds of hours sunk into this game, so take my negative opinion with a grain of salt obviously."
,Recommended,247080,24165941,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Rymere,It's harder than darksouls.
,Recommended,247080,12403114,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,theluigiguy,"tl;dr: Buy this game NOW if you enjoy dungeon-crawlers and/or roguelikes of any kind, innovation, and kickass music.At its core, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rouge-like dungeon crawler. However, as you become more invested in the game's unique on-the-beat movement system, you'll begin to realize that NecroDancer is much more than that! Strategy comes into play when dealing with enemies with increasingly complex movement systems, especially when you get the urge to compete for a top spot on the speedrun and gold high school leaderboards in each Daily Challenge.DannyB's soundtrack for this game is fantastic and somehow hasn't gotten boring to me even after hours and hours playing the game. There are now 5 soundtracks to play with, and there's also always the option to enchant the Crypt with your own MP3s with ease!The story is surprisingly deep and well thought out - cutscenes are quick but pack a lot of meaning. They flesh out the lore of the NecroDancer very well, and offer a very satisfying resolution that ties up all loose ends.Brace Yourself Games handled Early Access like champs - there was and still is a huge amount of community involvement, and I've seen many community suggested features be implemented!Crypt of the NecroDancer WELL WELL WELL worth the cost. Buy it NOW if you have any interest! It's easy to pick up, but hard to master!P.S.: for any musicians out there, I can say that this game has definitely improved my rhythm-keeping skills!P.S.S.: In reference to my hours played: it's ok."
76561198050579987,Recommended,247080,28615999,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Outarel,"I'll recommend this, it's a fun roguelike with a twist.The problem with ME is that i suck at keeping the rhythm, and timing is really important in this game so if you're like me don't buy it. (if you wanna spend time trying to learn it obv try it out)"
,Recommended,247080,32821922,Posted: 26 June,all,Valdyri,"This game is on my Top 5 all time favorites!There are few games that makes me go back to play 'em just for the fun, not even for the achievements, this is one of these.The only thing that bothers me is that the combos are words, they should be arrows (there is workshop content for that, tho)"
,Recommended,247080,30661045,Posted: 21 March,all,Jinn,"Arguably one of the best rhythm/music based games I've played in a long time. Clocked in 15+ hours in less than a week. Has some unique gameplay aspects, randomly generated levels, a wide variety of characters with different playstyles, and an amazing soundtrack.Pros:-Great Gameplay-Amazing Soundtrack (especially Amplified DLC)-Good use of level generation-Soundtrack changes w/ certain characters by popular artists.-The lore, surprisingly, is great for a somewhat small indie game.-Steam Workshop integration-Some unique items, yet some make the game more challenging.Cons:-Steep difficulty curve after completing the game as Melody.-Could be potentially hard to learn at first.Overall one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a while. 9/10"
,Recommended,247080,15553345,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,nalrya (>^ ^)>,"The thing is: I really like rythm games but I usually get bored quickly by them because they have nothing more to offer than just doing the same songs over and over again to get a better accuracy score.So here comes Crypt of the NecroDancer taking what I love about rythm games and combining it with another genre I've come to love over the last year: roguelike.There are various permanent options to unlock for your rounds, be it better and differently working weapons, armor, spells or other miscellaneous equipment. You don't just buy equipment to start with though, there are randomly generated chests in each level, you unlock better items to be found in those and/or more spawned chests. Which is an awesome way to keep the procedural feeling alive and not just making the game considerably easy to blast through.Each enemy has a certain pattern and rythm of moving and attacking, so due to the many different types of enemies there's a lot to learn and adapt to, which I love. If you don't quite have rythm in your blood, doing the constant moving to the beat and concentrating on visual patterns at the same time might get frustrating. Don't fret though! The game offers a training mode for both the basic monsters and minibosses - only ones you encountered yet, no spoilers.The music is fantastic and the artstyle just nails the whole serious yet not serious mood of the game. I'm totally in love with Crypt of the NecroDancer! <3"
,Recommended,247080,32711467,Posted: 23 June,all,casd82,"Never actually played a ""Rogue-Like"" game before, but the combination of rhythm game & rogue like is super super fun. Also, the music is super contagious."
,Recommended,247080,11485176,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DYu.ChaoFan,I do love this. Hope we'll have more levels!!! Brilliant!
76561198113270778,Recommended,247080,29482090,Posted: 25 January,all,Viko693,"Amazing game, completely obsessed and totally worth all the money!"
,Recommended,247080,15144514,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,mana,Great blend of rhythm and roguelike genres. This is how the next generation of rhythm games should be done.
,Recommended,247080,11492785,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Some discoveries in life are inevitable - like humans discovering plastic. Other discoveries could very well have never graced the intelligence of the human race - relativity for example. Discoveries that were not guarenteed to happen have a certain brilliance to them that must be appreciated.Crypt of the NecroDancer has this brilliance. This unique combination of gameplay that mixes rhythm with rogue-like could of never been thought up. Goddang is it entertaining though. If you don't have this game, GET IT."
,Recommended,247080,32879345,Posted: 27 June,all,Peloxn12,It's a great dungeoncrawler and a nice rythm game.I am just very bad at it.Extended Soundtrack is recommended.
,Recommended,247080,35129709,Posted: 22 September,all,Omae wa mou Shinderu,Shopkeeper is better than hatsune miku lel 11/10
,Recommended,247080,11586598,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,A Vacuum Full of Bees,"Basically a feature-complete game, if you didn't tell me it was early access I never would have known.  Balls-hard roguelike with an amazing soundtrack as expected from Danny Baranowsky, with a unique and frantic playstyle based around the beats of music.  I highly recommend this game as-is and any extra stuff they add to it over time is just gravy!"
76561197971251434,Recommended,247080,14202888,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,[MST] Zaphnod,"I don't write a lot of reviews, but I play a LOT of games.  This one... this one is special.  I beat it.  On Hardcore mode.  And I still fire it up daily.  Playing it is a JOY.  The music is great, the game rewards skill and focus, and there's enough randomness - but not too much.Congrats to the devs, this is a very, very sweet game."
76561197982302105,Recommended,247080,33502019,Posted: 13 July,all,monkey,"So I kept seeing this game and wondering why people liked it. Just watching the video and looking at the pics didn't quite convey the fun of the game. I thought I'd give it a try since it was on sale for $2.99. Well f#$# me I couldn't stop playing the damn thing. Highly addictive. The rhythm thing really adds a whole new challenge to the game. It's a lot trickier than it looks. It's not just some dumb mindless moving to a beat, you really have to choose your movements very carefully and strategically, all while keeping time with the beat. I saw one negative review and the person said they are a ""musician"" and they knew for a fact that the rhythm was not correctly synched or something like that. Well, I'm also a musician of 27 years, have a degree in music and teach people music for a living, and I can tell you the other reviewer is wrong, there is nothing wrong with the rhythm synchronization. I just played for like 3 hours straight and only missed a couple beats because of mistakes on my part. I had no problem synchronizing to the beat for almost a continuous 20-30 mins for each run that I did. When you first play the game it goes through this synchronization process, if you do that right you should have no problems with the rhythm synch."
,Recommended,247080,15536317,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,BakaDucky,"Fresh new concept!Easily one of the best game i've played out there.If you like music, beats and classic NES styled graphics, this. is. the. game."
,Recommended,247080,12356428,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,taza,"There's just not enough words in existence to suitably recommend Crypt of the NecroDancer.It's early access, so bugs may be present, but they barely ever bother me.And a rhythm roguelike is combining two genres I like - and Crypt does it very well. And the soundtrack is simply great.Do you hate sudden, unfair deaths or rhythm gameplay or precision movement within a strict time limit? Crypt may not be for you. For anyone else - just watch the trailer. You'll know right quick if you want it or not."
,Recommended,247080,23674290,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kraxie,Really fun and original game with the best soundtrack I've heard in a long time.
,Recommended,247080,31108878,Posted: 12 April,all,Triensi,"It's exactly what it looks like, save for the difficulty. The difficulty for this game scales pretty closely to the BPM of the track, and hence, your movements. Like all tastefully difficult games, you may die a gazillion timeseven to the same enemybut you'll know *exactly* how and why you messed up. It's never the game's fault, although your angry tongue will say it is.8.6/10 Green slime OP"
,Recommended,247080,28512813,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SheepyCloud,"REALLY fun. Also really challenging. The music is great and the game itself is polished. It even has a storyline, which I didn't really expect to be necessary but it's a cute tidbit of lore."
,Recommended,247080,26793062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chack,"This game makes me want to dance, too bad when I try I get killed after 5 seconds because I have no rhythm.Anyway, this rogue-like game mixed with a rhythm game is pretty nice, It's your standard rogue-like adventure except you have to move with the music (you can use custom songs but the OST is great too). These kind of games tend to be pretty hard so expect to die constantly, but don't worry, you get to upgrade your character little by little as you play.As of writing this review I haven't finished the game (I'm on Zone 4), but that doesn't matter, I feel like what I paid for the game was worth it. If you enjoy rhythm games even a little you have to try this one out."
,Recommended,247080,11489847,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Techbane,"Yep, it's a roguelike played via DDR. Dance pads compatible but not required. It may technically be in Early Access but I'd never know, the game seems pretty complete as is and I keep getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me before I can even clear Zone 2 (there being 4 zones at present).The gameplay is pretty self-explanatory once you've gone through the quick tutorial, but is ever a matter of reflexes and quick thinking to keep yourself in one piece. Enemies are deviously varied to give you all manner of headaches to fight in conjunction with one another. Diamonds acquired through play are spent in the hub to unlock new equipment to appear in chests (as well as some passive upgrades like health). Rooms are available to help you practice fighting against specific enemies and bosses, and one character is available to let you just play the game as a regular turn-based roguelike. There's a local co-op mode of some sort too, hell if I know how that works. Hardcore mode is available for a no-upgrades run, and there's a daily one-shot hardcore challenge available, ala Spelunky.There are a few minor sticking points.1) You can import your own music for any of the levels you like, which is fantastic, except when the automatic beat detection--which, granted, is impressively accurate on the whole--doesn't work quite right and there's no way to attempt a manual fix.2) The game doesn't require you to keep on the beat perfectly, there's a fair leeway in the timing and you can miss beats if you don't mind losing your current cash multiplier (that is, unless you've invoked a risk shrine); this is open to some strategizing with skipping a beat to ready yourself for an enemy, but there's no actual control function for 'skip beat' and so you're left waiting for the input grace period between beats for enemies to make their move, after which it's hard to get right back into the rhythm.3) There's no ""count in"" between levels at all, so to keep your multiplier up you have to start moving again before you've even processed what's immediately around you or what the new rhythm actually is.4) Practice rooms for monsters are great, but having to defeat a monster or boss once during normal play to unlock them seems a bit counterintuitive.Minor gripes. Very solid soundtrack, very solid gameplay. Would probably be a HELL of a party game, with big picture running on a nice TV and a DDR mat set up."
,Recommended,247080,16646356,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,iQ Greygnarl,"Oh that shopkeeper really knows how to sing!A game of rhythm, where you move/attack at the pace of the song.You can even put your own songs but care, the fastest the songs, the bigger is the pace of the game.10/10 (Shopkeeper singing alone gave 2 points)"
,Recommended,247080,24090478,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Applesass,"If you don't like funky beats, singing killer shopkeepers or skeletons that wiggle their hip bones to the beat then this might not be the game for you.If you do however like all of those things and more then I HIGHLY recommend this matserpiece."
,Recommended,247080,12742492,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SpellHeart,"Amazing rogue-like game with innovative rhytm-based mechanics and easy 4-button controls. What's the game's main goal? Kill all the monsters in randomly generated dungeons? Nah. Collect ultimate item build and finish the quest? Nope! The main goal is to FEEL THE GROOOOOVE, BABY! After 2 hours of playing I really suck in this game, but still have the funniest time ever. 9.0/10. Must play, must dance!"
,Recommended,247080,23854866,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ironsecret,"Played the game for 5 minutes, already in love with it. The music tracks are amazing, it is challenging it is fun, what more is there to say other than: There is no reason not to buy this game."
,Recommended,247080,16831651,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,낙룡 [Nuolong],"Beatgames (or rhythm games) tend to be very hard at first, but when you practice, you can literally see your improvement. Although this game is not a pure beatgame, it has the full characteristics of one. The concept of two different game genres put into one is incredible, but it is justEPICwhen the execution of it is perfect.The soundtrack of this game is simply amazing. I've never really had a taste for electronic music or jazz, but the stuff they put into this game definitely made me change my mind. The way they've designed everything, I think, was so you, the player, could jam to any music that would hit you. Every moving object in the game has an animation that moves to the rhythm of the BPM (beats per minute; determines how fast a song is) of the song, the shopkeepers' singing is just perfect, and the rest of the sound effects (voices, attacks, monsters) flow so astoundingly. Sometimes I play this game just because I want to listen to the soundtrack. Custom music is a plus, and I have not found any errors working with it so far. It has it's own BPM detection that works fine.Randomly generated-ness (well that's rogue-like, isn't it?) makes this game never get old. The story mode is of moderate length, and surprisingly, or at least, for me, I have gotten tied to the characters and I have grown to have sympathy for them! If you don't have a thing for rogue-like games, this will surely change your mind (That's what had happened to me).The pixel art is adorable, and the character concept art for those monsters are.. dark and horrifying. Think you have a slow/old computer and can't run this game? This game ran at 60 fps on mine, so you're fine. (In case you didn't get it, my computer isverybad.)When you first start playing, the thing that you need to remember is tonevergive up. If you die five times in a row, you should either take a break for a while and come back to the game later or keep playing. Youwillsee that improvement and it will just feel amazing. You actually feel accomplished about something, which is what very few games are able to do.As for going into more depth about the gameplay, no need for that. It is all for you to discover yourself. But here's something to remember: although the content of this game doesn't seem that abundant, trust me. It was way more stuff than you think. They also have a level editor after you complete the game (or should I say, a fraction of the game [Note what I said to remember]), so you can upload your creations to the Steam Workshop that is connected to the game or just play them alone. Nothing wrong with that.To sum it up, this game deserves every one of those awards that you see to the right. If not, more than that. This review cannot express how much I enjoy this game. It is one of the most unique and unforgettable gaming experiences ever. Get this game if you're looking for something new to enjoy.Highly RecommendedAlso, sorry if I have any grammar/typing errors. I did not read this over."
,Recommended,247080,11486565,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Absinthe,"This game is awesome. If you like rhythm games, this is a must buy- worth considering if you like dungeon crawlers or strategy games as well. Simple four-directional controls, innovative gameplay, killer soundtrack, and just an all around amazing experience."
,Recommended,247080,12481176,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,yomidian,"Combines a good turn-based challenge with elements of real-time pressure (and the base soundtrack is rad too). In spite of being early access, it's feature-complete enough to be worth the money."
,Recommended,247080,12280166,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,mudjoe2,THE VIDEOGAME HAS A CONGA LINE AS A BOSS COME ON
76561197978395586,Recommended,247080,29025622,Posted: 4 January,all,Arogyth,"Incredibly Innovative.Spectacular Songs.Elaborate Enimies.Tenatious TagLines.No really, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,247080,15581540,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pickle_Nick,"Have you ever danced with a Green Dragon in the pale dungeon light?This game is great, the default music is amazing. and i can't stop thinking about my next run.Usually i'm pretty awful at Roguelikes, and this one is no exception, but i really enjoy how the music interacts with the monsters, and the dungeon in general. And this unique concept is the reason i keep coming back10 wubs out of 10"
,Recommended,247080,13036167,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Commander Saxon,"A unique combination of DDR and many ""rougelite"" games, if you have the groove and love a challenging game, pick this up.There's also modes that allow you to move any time you want, though it's not the main focus.Good music, good replayability, great community, and despite it being in Early Access, all the mechanics are there and well fleshed out, and there's enough content to keep you going for hours with more being added regularly!You will definitly get your money's worth out of this game."
,Recommended,247080,24551798,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,pumpkenn,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is the most frustrating, infuriating, obscenely difficult game you will ever play.And that's what makes it oh so greatly rewarding when you finally complete that zone you've been dying over and over again on.If you've ever wanted to play an extremely challenging but hilariously fun fast-paced rhythm-based dungeon crawler with dancing skeletons and sick beats for each floor and boss, this isexactlythe game for you.Overall, 10/10 would accidentally bomb shopkeep again"
,Recommended,247080,33381927,Posted: 8 July,all,robb,"an addictive and extremely original gameplay is the starting point of this unique mix of rogue-lite and rhythm games.every aspect of the game feels genuinely well-finished and polished, the music is -as expected- crazy good, the whole thing is honestly challenging yet never humiliating or frustrating. highly recommended!"
76561198004368051,Recommended,247080,28335424,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,DFuxa,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a unique take on the Rogue-like genre - in that it also doubles as a rhythm game! Bounce to the beat as you read enemy movements and dispatch them; collect better items, weaponry, or scrolls; and defeat hilarious bosses from a moving chess board to a zombie conga line - and of course there are the final bosses in the game as well.The game features a multitude of different characters you can play with to win the game - starting with the default character and bard with several more unlocked as you go along. Speaking of unlocks, you will unlock new items, weapons, and other npcs that can grant services for you as you proceed through the game.While it is overall quite a neat take on playing rogue-likes, there is certainly something to say about lack of 'game' to play. There are essentially 4 different zones to play it with a multitude of enemies to encounter - but eventually it will quickly come across as same-ish and old hat. There is also a limited amount of items to unlock and eventually you'll unlock everything fairly quickly.This is a game I recommend - though I do encourage getting it at a discounted price."
,Recommended,247080,16376355,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,FyreNWater,"This game combines rhythm and roguelike like fried chicken and waffles. If you haven't experienced them together, you think it's a bizarre combo that won't mesh well. Then you try it and you wonder why you haven't had the two together before. Where has this magical combo been your entire life?Gimmick aside, the game is still beautifully designed. The enemies all have tells and literally have choreographed attacks. Everything gives signs before the action takes place, much like many roguelikes. It's just that this game took that dance and set it to a kickin' soundtrack. You can even practice against enemies without needing to throw yourself into the deep end to figure out their tells.Even the characters are more upbeat and lively than your average roguelike. The little things, like how they greet NPCs (shyly VS boldly VS force of habit) and their surprised reactions to teleportation make them seem less like digital avatars and more like humans. A little detail that adds a lot of magic to the game.[edit] THE STORY. Add the story to another fantastic bit of this game. Only frustrating bit is how hard it is to complete story mode, but hey, it's a roguelike. That's to be expected from the genre.TL;DR - A wonderfully charming game that blends two very different genres in a lovingly-designed piece. I strongly recommend you pick up the game and the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,247080,31636655,Posted: 8 May,all,dyn,"+Dungeon crawling with rhythm. If you miss the beat you cannot move, etc.+Adorable pixel Graphics, and art style.+Great soundtrack which created by 5 different musicians. (Techno to metal)+You can import your own musics into game.+Random generated levels.+Dance pad support.+Hard to master but enjoyable.+Steam workshop support. I highly suggest you to try the Family Business - Mashup Soundtrack mod which combines the all music styles into one.+Has Crypt of the NecroDancer Online Racing event. It's either funny or educational to watch the pros.http://condorleague.tvIf you like RPG, dungeon crawler games, and roguelike with rhythm, this game is for you."
,Recommended,247080,15510653,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Queen Sans,"I've had the game since it was first in Early Access, it was great then and it's great now.I'm recommending it to everyone because it needs to get played by as many people as possible."
,Recommended,247080,11555489,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,SilverMike,"NecroDancer is a great rhythm-based Rogue-like where you take turns to the beat of the music.  Miss a beat, everything around you takes a turn anyway.  At first it sounds weird to not have all the time in the world to plan a move in an RL, but NecroDancer makes it work with basic patterns to all creatures.  The main challenge is balancing keeping the beat up with putting yourself in a good position to deal with whatever comes at you.  You need either quick decision-making or good muscle memory from repeated plays to deal with complex situations.Unreservedly recommend it once the game is completed.  $15 for early access is alright, but you'll probably have to be interested in the concept beforehand to feel fully happy about your $15."
,Recommended,247080,32836896,Posted: 26 June,all,daughtermurder™,"Before playing this game the last time I had really enjoyed a rhythm game was the original Audiosurf, released years ago. Prior to that, I'd fallen in love with and 100%'d Donkey Kong Jungle Beat for the Gamecube.If you enjoy games that involve rhythmic controls and emphasis on music you will appreciate this game. If you enjoy the challenge and gameplay of rogue-like games, in addition to the prior, you will love this game.It feels like The Binding of Isaac and DK Jungle Beat merged together and added a slight turn-based element to their gameplay (of course since the 'turns' are really just the beats of the music, you don't get the sort of planned engagements you would in a game like XCom in spite of the isometric view and grid-locked movement.I was skeptical before trying, but this is more than worth the $3 sale price it is selling for right now. I will probably buy the expansion DLC  before the summer sale is over."
,Recommended,247080,15735364,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Gweebis,"Now that the full release of this game has been out for awhile, I feel compelled to write a review of this game.Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rogue like, rhythm based dungeon crawler that offers a unique challenge and experience, complete with multiple characters that have their own playing style that affects the gameplay greatly.Pros:- Probably the most important aspect of a rhythm game is its music. Crypt does not disappoint in the slightest with its amazing tunes, composed by the one and only Danny Baranowsky as well as awesome remixes by FamilyJules7x and A_Rival.- You can use your own music in the game, and this feature is implemented well.- The game provides a hard but fair style of gameplay, something that is sure to keep people doing runs over and over again.- Each of the characters adds an interesting twist (such as moving in cut time or being able to only use bombs) that provide an additional challenge for players to overcome.- This game has high replayability as no two runs are exactly the same.- A mix of items provides players with multiple ways to beatdown enemies to the beat.- The devs constantly provide updates and work hard to fix any bugs that people encounter along the way.Cons:- It can take awhile to get used to. You're probably not going to be able to get through Zone 1 on your first try. For some people, this may be a turnoff, though, if you're willing to put in the effort, you can really get a lot of enjoyment out of completing a run.- If you're trying to 100% this game... think again. One of the achievements may be impossible to get, which may turn some people away.- Pausing the game and regaining your pace can be rather difficult. While this may not sound like a big deal at first glance, there are some characters who will die if you miss a beat (Aria and Coda).Some people may complain about the price, but you can find some 33% off coupons floating around on Steam. It's not much, but 10 bucks is less than 15.TL;DR:If you like rogue likes, rhythm games, or dungeon crawlers, get this game. This game is an astounding combination of the three that works harmoniously. If the price seems like too much, go get a coupon from groups like Coupon Dumpster and that."
,Recommended,247080,13841529,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Seamoss,Really unique idea. I love the gameplay and the music is super catchy.
,Recommended,247080,12734261,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,dr.dialup,"Can't stop playing this since I bought it yesterday. Catchy music, interesting enemies/items, randomly generated levels, and some challenging parts!I haven't played too much yet, so this could be in the game somewhere, but one thing I hope gets added is a list of spell/item descriptions. I still don't know what some of the rings do and when I find a new spell scroll I just cast it randomly just to see what it does so I know for the next time I find it.As a forewarning I wouldn't recommend having anyone else near you while you play if you have a mechanical keyboard. Especially if they're trying to sleep.10/10 would get murdered by my girlfriend again."
,Recommended,247080,12929110,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Desertscape,"I love this game. A lot. Now, take into account what most of the high-rated reviews say, because I agree with them. But what I'm going to touch on is something specific that I find most interesting and perhaps wholly unique about this game. Put simply, it reminds me of chess. In fact, one of the final boss room types is a chess set, which you can see briefly in the trailer, but that's beside the point. All enemies have set actions (or perhaps reactions), and will always make them according to the rhythm and how you move. For instance, the red dragon will move once every two beats toward you unless you are any distance directly to the left or right of him, in which case he will shoot a row of fire. The goblins will run away if you approach them, but pursue if you move away from them.Now, normally, if you had all the time you needed, you could plan out a perfect attack and kill everything without taking damage, but in this game, you have to move with the beat. You have to think quickly if you want to work your way out of a tricky situation. When you die, you feel like it was your mistake and the game had not cheated you, which is generally the case (though there is a small chance of the game generating an absurdly difficult enemy encounter). Even so, due to the random generation, it is possible to find a good weapon or food early on, making giving you an advantage. I always hope for an awesome weapon, but sometimes find myself doing surprisingly well with just a standard dagger. It's action/strategy/cool music-y rhythm/rogue-like at its finest."
,Recommended,247080,14448156,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MinuteWalt,"Holy Jeezus phuuuck, this is an amazing game.I highly recommend getting the soundtrack when purchasing, because if you don't you'll wish you had after playing.A rhythm-game dungeon-crawler rougelike? What about that phrase doesn't spell the word ""awesome?"" Nothing! There are only the movement buttons: they cover moveing, attacks, items, spells, etc. and it works all so well. You can only move on the beat, and that's what makes the game what it is, and what makes it so fun.It's a very well executed take on a unique combination of genres. It is HARD, like Nintendo-hard, which is refreshing. When you think you finally get it, the game will hit you with a curve ball. And then you'll think you got it again, and you've re-learned how it *really* works, but NOPE it's shaken things up again.I'd like to see this ported to consoles, the dev deserves money. Hell, buy it even if you're not going to play it. This was obviously an act of love, and this behaviour should be encouraged."
,Recommended,247080,11528022,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Jewel,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. It's a mix of Spelunky and Binding of Isaac's zone and random item mechanics, all smushed in with a dungeon crawler and a rhythm game. It's fairly unforgiving but not deathly hard (unless you do hardcore mode or above, but that's expected).It's definitely worth a play if you're a fan of rhythm games or dungeon crawlers regardless. The soundtrack is probably one of the most solid soundtracks I've heard on a game in quite a while, and even after 16 hours I'm still not tired of it and want to keep playing (though trying to resist due to waiting for missing content to be finished).The game's in Early Access but you wouldn't notice it if it weren't for zone 4 being unfinished, so it's definitely in a fun playable state already and the only places it can go is up. There's a lot more content on it's way but there's no harm picking it up now, you'll definitely get your money's worth if you enjoy any of the genres within."
,Recommended,247080,12144030,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Fehmart,Dying to the simplest enemies because I'm not thinking.Cursing my hands and brain for being useless because it's entirely my fault.Would fail again 10/10
,Recommended,247080,11542097,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,initials,"This game is great, but if you're like me and have no rhythm, you'll be challenged doubly"
,Recommended,247080,32896549,Posted: 27 June,all,ppowersteef,"I've never experienced a game like this before.Genius conceptQuality SoundtrackFitting artstyle over the whole game.Difficulity that can reach truly extreme levels.Custom music, allowing you to choose your own music.Open Source textures, allowing you to make texture packs.It's a must have for people who are already be-bopping at the beat of the music, especially for the hardcore players, as this game can become harder and harder untill it has reached levels beyond humanity.I've to say though, Most of the enemy designs seem standard and generic to me, but I'm not bothered by that too much. The game's idea is unique and that makes it up for that."
,Recommended,247080,14214512,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Revolver_Samuel,"I haven't had this much fun / felt this angry since the Binding of Isaac, and I mean that in the best possible way.A beat down dungeon crawler so I can fillet foes while grooving to these sweet jams?Yes Please."
,Recommended,247080,33485282,Posted: 12 July,all,Worriedman,"I don't know why rhythm games havn't been combined with dungeon crawlers until now, it is a surprisingly great combo.ffs the shopkeep's name is Freddie Merchantry, how can you beat that?"
,Recommended,247080,30008808,Posted: 18 February,all,RyanDotEdge #TF2SP,"Since this is both a dungeon crawler AND a rhythm game, I've had people ask which one is more prominent. Personally, I would say it plays more like a rhythm game, given almost all mechanics of the game play into that strength. I absolutely love this game myself, and I would definitely reccommend it to anyone who has enjoyed rhythm games in the past, or even those of you with musical talents - keeping the beat will just flow with you. If you like the dungeon crawler aspect but are a bit iffy with rhythm games, I would suggest trying a demo or something to see if it sits right with you. As far as I know, however, this game is a very sound investment. Plus, new DLC came out fairly recently, proving that the game is still expanding, and the devs are still active (neither of which can be said for a lot of games nowadays)."
,Recommended,247080,31170278,Posted: 15 April,all,OrangePanda,Crypt of the Necrodancer is a fun game that takes the fun of rogue-lite games and turns it into a simple to learn hard to master game that makes it feel like every time you take damage it is your fault and helps you build on your skill and get better at the game.
,Recommended,247080,25314487,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Chicken Permission,"The most challenging and addictive game I've played so far. If the amount of hours I have on this game don't show how much I love this game and the music, I don't think anything will. Nearly 500 hours and I have yet to 100% the game, but I keep trying because it's so much fun. I definetely recommend this game."
76561197992763328,Recommended,247080,24503112,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ivanthecur,"This game is easily my favorite game of 2016.  The soundtrack is amazing which is important since you'll be using the audio cues for movement.  When buying the game, I assumed I would want to play with my own mp3s.  That is absolutely not the case (I cannot stress enough how well crafted the music is).  The four zone bosses are awesome and unique with their own soundtrack that matches their theme.  The difficulty curve is perfect.  Once you start to master a zone, you move to the next zone and are immediately given a healthy dose of humility as the basic enemies brutalize you and it's time to learn brand new enemy patterns all over again.  Because of the diamond upgrade system you don't feel bad for dying and it keeps the items you find in chests less complex until you master them and are ready for shiny new spells/weapons/stuff.  Because the levels are random, they never get boring or predictable.  And here's the real kicker.  Each different character you unlock has a different playstyle which changes how you play the levels completely.  I recently found out that some characters have different remixes of the standard songs too which is amazing.Honestly, I cannot recommend this game enough.  If you enjoy a challange and like dungeon exploration games that require you to think rather than level stats, this game is for you."
,Recommended,247080,15512182,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Azure,"Rhythm games and dungeon crawlers seem like they'd be incompatible, but Crypt of the NecroDancer makes the two work together. You have to move and act to the beat of the music, so you must assess the enemies, traps, and walls around you and act very quickly. The enemies start out simple enough, with easy-to-tell movement patterns. However, subsequent zones become muh trickier, with things and foes that mess with your position or require you to be very attentive of your surroundings. Managing and understanding is key in reaching the end of the game.There are a fair amount of extras here. In your regular runs you collect diamonds, which you use to unlock new items to find in your runs, upgrades like more life or a higher money multiplier, the opportunity to practice against bosses, and more. There are several different characters to play as, who all change the game in some manner, which can be as simple as requiring you to act in double time or as substantial as restricting your weaponry to bombs.The music is fantastic. As you may expect from the title, it's all very dancable stuff. I seriously would listen to this at a party. Perhaps the best part is the various ways it's mixed when you enter certain areas. The graphics are in a pixel style and it looks and animates well enough.In summary, Crypt of the NecroDancer takes rhythm and dungeon crawling elements together and brings out the best of both of them. Combine that with a great soundtrack, and the end result is a game that comes highly recommended.Also, NecroDancer is a superb pun. I mean, it's simple and thematically appropriate!"
76561198071421958,Recommended,247080,11550017,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,eternal jape,A ROGUELIKE IN WHICH THE GAMEPLAY CHANGES TO THE MUSIC.NOTHING LIKE AUDIOSURF OR BEAT HAZARD. DONT EVEN COMPARE IT TO THAT.HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247080,11485876,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mango,"Been playing roguelikes since... well Rogue and I'm always on the lookout for twists to the genre. By forcing the player to time their next move to the beat, the game not only adds a welcome challenge, but also gives a sense of immersion as everything on the board pulses with the click of the key. I almost felt as though I were orchestrating the entire dungeon's movements as I chose where to go next.The game definitely captures the typical rhythm game's infusion of motion from the screen to the game controller to the player himself. I was tapping away with my foot and humming at times unawares as I got absorbed further into the game. And I'm only about an hour and two zones in at the moment.Which is why calibration is extraordinarily important to this game. While you could manage by with a slight offset in rhythm, the game really benefits from having a tight link to the beat as you progress further and encounter harder enemies. This is especially so when fighting the various level bosses and when you fall into one trap, which teleports you to a special level, in which any mistiming of the beat automatically kills you.Definitely an easy game to pick up immediately and start playing, but also full of challenges along the way to keep you going. Just make sure to calibrate well."
,Recommended,247080,21032959,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,somebody336,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a cross of both rhythm game and turned based  RPG in where you have to move along to the beat of the song and keep a steady rhythm to get a higher combo count. Every note counts as a turn and missing a note resets your combo as well as costs you a turn. This is a game in where you must have must both quick reflexes and foresight since you don't have much time to think. Your enemies also move along to the beat of the song so you can estimate how long it will take them to reach you and plan accordingly. Movement is grid based so you move square by square and the only buttons you will need during the game are the arrow keys. You attack by moving next to an enemy and hitting the arrow direction they are in and stranger still is that you use your bombs by holding the down and left arrow. There are also spells and other items that are activated by holding the up and right keys. As you can no doubt tell this is a rather strange control scheme and it does take some time to get used to. It is a strange gameplay concept to explain properly and there is nothing else like it on the market so I would suggest looking up some gameplay videos to see if this is your cup of tea.The levels are split up into 4 zones accessible via the hub-world where you can also purchase new items and weaponry that randomly spawns in the level once purchased. To purchase these items you will need diamonds which are semi rare collectibles scattered around the levels. Once you either die or pass that zone you will be tossed to the hub-world and will be able to spend your diamonds. Be wary though as entering any level will reset your diamonds back to zero so always make sure to spend them before heading back into the action. Another important collectible found in levels is gold which can be used to purchase unlocked weapons and items from shops. If you don't have any gold when you find a shop you can also blow up the golden walls of the shop to collect the debris and buy your items that way, the shopkeeper won't mind his walls being blown up funnily enough. One of the really neat things about this game is that the levels are destructible and you start off with a shovel that allows you to create your own paths through them and search for hidden goodies. There is a time limit for each level however, so if the song finishes you are immediately dropped down to the next level via a trapdoor. Each zone  has three levels that lead to a boss fight and you will want to be well equipped when you face one of them.Bosses are randomly generated so you will not face the same boss each attempt but all of them will take quite a bit of skill to defeat. One of the easier ways to handle bosses is to pick up a spear if you are lucky enough to find one as it can attack from two blocks away meaning you can attack it from a safe place. That is easier said than done however since missing a beat will cost you a turn which can have dire consequences. You need to have a good rhythm at all times and that is very hard to do when you have to press two keys at the same time to use an item or spell. Keeping an unbroken rhythm also makes any gold you collect be worth much more, so the better you are at doing that the higher your chances of survival. If you find a key and save someone from a cage you will unlock a new character which play differently from our original heroine. One of them fights by only using bombs, another character can't attack but all exits are unlocked and one of the characters even gets rid of the rhythm part of the game entirely, allowing you to move whenever you want and take your time. There are quite major changes to the gameplay from character to character which makes this game's replayablity really high.Crypt of the Necrodancer is brutal and you will be dying a lot until you unlock some better gear with diamonds. It has randomly generated levels so learned the pattern of them is not an option and it is more than happy to toss out a bunch of enemies. Learning how to fight each enemy is integral to be able to hold your own as some will roll toward you on sight leaving you with little time to move but hitting it on time will send it spiraling back to whence it came. Weapons also have their own quirks to them such as crossbows having to be reloaded but give you great range and rapiers will cause your character to rush in to attack an enemy two blocks away. Finding armor will lower the amount of damage you take and a torch will increase your view distance. This game is much more complex than it may appear and knowledge will be your greatest strength in these funky crypts. On the hubworld, the Beastmaster’s area allows you to pick any enemy you like and practice against them to your hearts content. It is not unlocked from the beginning as he is locked in a cage and must be freed in order to show up in the hubworld. There is a story but it is very forgettable and unimportant.As is expected of a rhythm game the music is very catchy and fit the tongue in cheek feel of the game very well. Each stage has its own unique song and if you ever get tired of them there are a few other remixed soundtracks you can choose from, such as a Metal version. You can even use your own music but the notes don't match up at all to the songs making it very hard to keep a steady rhythm. It is an extra option so I can't really knock it but I can't imagine too many people wanting to use it. Crypt of the Necrodancer supports Steam Workshop and there are quite a bit of mods to keep you entertained such as one that changes your character into Hatsune Miku and even one that overhauls the whole game to have a Mario Bros aesthetic. There is plenty of content in the base game and the levels being randomly generated insures that you will have a different experience each playthrough. What it ultimately comes down to is if you like the strange gameplay on offer here and would like to once again suggest looking up a gameplay video. I'd imagine it would be much more fun to use a dancepad and a large TV to play this but using the keyboard works well enough too. Crypt of the Necrodancer is a unique experience you can't get anywhere else and tons of fun to boot."
,Recommended,247080,22283752,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,YCZ,One of the best roguelike game out there.
,Recommended,247080,11486168,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mijin,"Initially I had a really negative vibe from this game. I was frustrated because I found the rhythm aspect of the game overwhelmingly difficult, not because it is necessarily, but more likely it’s my lack of ability to time my movements right, and I found it hard to watch the in-game metronome while doing everything else. This is more of a personal problem though, and it doesn’t really reflect on the game.However, I learned that there is another class called bard available from the start of the game. The bard can move freely without the concern of coordinating with the beat, and the monsters move when the player moves; more akin to a traditional roguelike. Playing bard has made the game enjoyable to me, and I look forward to possibly taking on the challenge of playing with the other characters later.The game is well designed, and I’m impressed with the level it’s at for still being in development. The soundtrack is worth noting, it’s really good, and the pixel art is also very nostalgic, and in my opinion, it fits the game perfect. Everything you would expect from a roguelike is there too, but with a spin, and I respect the developers creativity coming up with something so unique. The play style may not be appealing to everyone, but the game will (and should) still be recognised as a good game.Everything considered Crypt of the Necrodancer is a pretty cool game for alpha. I sincerely hope that development continues, and the game is finished. A successful pre-release all to often results in games being abandoned and pretty much just left in their current state."
,Recommended,247080,11511685,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Catgirl Johnson,"Game is good, but it needs some Sex Mods."
,Recommended,247080,19902782,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,niin,This game makes me feel good
,Recommended,247080,12038630,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,CaptainFawful,i put space jam as the music for every stage. there is nothing wrong with this game
,Recommended,247080,11482684,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,rIKKaNDRSN,"The NecroDancer's powers are unbelievably strong. You will find yourself compelled by his dark necrodancy, bound to an unheard rythm of arcane dark magics, long after you thought yourself to be free of his dungeon of dance."
,Recommended,247080,11951881,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,suzu,An indie roguelike which is a fully fledged rhythm game. It's what I've been waiting for my whole life.
,Recommended,247080,27807073,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GunStinger | CSGO500,"I haven't yet been able to finish this game, but the music is so great I'm not planning on giving up any time soon."
,Recommended,247080,21953285,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,#jeffdev,"With 92 hours at the time of this review, I think its finally time I sat down and wrote a good review for this game. This review is going to be in a pro-con format so yah. Review Time!Pros-The story is very well made and interesting, and a good motivator to keep trying to beat the first character (Cadence)-Rhythm and Roguelike mashups that works perfectly-Nice difficulty curve-Lots of variety in runs and characters, so as to not feel repetitive (which it doesn't)-Amazing soundtrack with now 4 different variants (2 of them you can only get through workshop mods)-Every death is your fault, not the games-The gameplay is spot on, with each weapon feeling really fun to play-Local Co-op is very fun to play and is executed well-Amazing community-Practically infinite replayability with all the achievements and things to unlock-Steam Achievements/Steam trading cards-And so much moreNeutral-The game is very difficult to get the hang of, considering its very different from other roguelikes (this isn't a bad thing, it's just a thing I thought I'd point out-Some of the characters are pretty difficult (Once again, not a bad thing, just something I thought I would point out.)Cons-Part of the story is unlocked by Aria, who is a VERY difficult character to beat, or even get anywhere with (luckily youtube exists)-Coda-That's it reallyOverall I give this game a 10/10. This game is honestly the best roguelike Ive ever played, with its awesome replayability, cool characters and a very interesting story, and its gameplay is spot onVery much recommend!"
,Recommended,247080,28069244,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Consural,"It's a rhythm-based roguelike dungeon crawler. Now that's a mix that hasn't been seen ever. And it pulls it off perfectly. Amazing soundtrack by Danny Baranowsky(And also includes many covers, remixes and different versions of the songs by other artists. I absolutely love the metal cover of the soundtrack by FamilyJules.), fun and challenging gameplay. Definitely a must-buy, highly recommended."
,Recommended,247080,32950861,Posted: 28 June,all,Dairigadus IV,hell yea boi
76561197984626881,Recommended,247080,28020016,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Clit-a-saurus Rex,Great game. Worth the sale price.
76561198029839679,Recommended,247080,28163483,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,risingrob,"Crypt of the Necrodancer has very good art direction, an amazing soundtrack and a stunning and innovative new mechanism, which forces you to dance through the dungeon to the beat of the soundtrack.I think the game concept is brilliant and really well executed. The soundtrack is worth buying on its own.However, I did not enjoy the game for much more than an hour.I pretty much have a non-existing feeling for rhythm and as such, the game was quite frustrating for me, as I was not able to make any progress.There is a character available from the start to redemy this, which does not require dancing to the soundtrack, but without it this central mechanism there are many more dungeon crawlers suited for that kind of playstyle.Verdict: Awesome, if you have rhythm, mediocre if you have none!"
,Recommended,247080,31283380,Posted: 21 April,all,freen,"In the Crypt of the NecroDancer you have to move with the beat to keep up your multiplier you get after killing monsters. Even though it doesn't look like it, this game offers so much i was truly shocked. The story isn't the driving factor here, it is the stellar gameplay which makes it so appealing.There are four main stages which gradually increase in difficulty while also introducing unique new monsters into the mix. The levels are all randomly generated (except the daily challenges which are the same for everyone). The gameplay controlled by your arrow keys is the most challenging game that i have played to this day and i still have a long way ahead of myself.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for a game which they can pump a lot of hours into while being faced by great challenge, as the different characters introduce different handycaps and advantages."
,Recommended,247080,30275203,Posted: 2 March,all,H2O,When I try to run from giant Red Dragon into a shop and the shopkeeper just singing along with awesome soundtrack.That is when I know my money has been spend well.
,Recommended,247080,15519400,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Asandir,"Finally the Full Release is here for NecroDancer! I got it in Early Acces a few months ago and could see the evolution of this game into the great game that we have now. But what is Crypt of the NecroDancer exactly?Well, it calls itself a Roguelike  Rhythm game - and what that means is, that as opposed to your usual Roguelike game, you will have to follow the beat of the music (the Standard soundtrack is produced by Danny B., and trust me, it's possibly his most awesome work). There are also 2 greatly done remixes of the Soundtrack that you can select, in addition to that you can also choose your own custom music.The main difficulty comes from learning the patterns of the enemies, weapons, what items and shrines do and how to manage all of this while keeping the rhythmn. Now that might sound overwhelming at first but the game has a beat system that is fairly lenient, which means that you can be half a beat off without losing your multiplayer and screwing up. Which is good since the monsters will make you sweat bullets later on. Patterns in the beginning are fairly easy though, so don't worry about getting stuck from the beginning.The Lobby system of NecroDancer allows you to train against monsters, bosses and practice with different weapons, so that you can find out why that red bat utterly destroyed you last time. Aside from that you can earn Diamonds when you play the separate zones to unlock items to find in the same mode. The All zones mode has everything unlocked item wise from the beginning, but it is advisable that you learn the ropes by starting with just Zone 1. Generally it is a good idea to practice with Zones separately if you have problems with them. Once you are familiar, you will probably stick with going trough all Zones, similar to how Spelunky works, to build up good equipment over the run.Every run is different, as the layouts get randomly generated. There is a fair variety of items, from weapons to rings, weapons, spells, potions that give you an extra life to boots that make you light as a feather (advised for escaping from fire and ice!). Generally speaking, and that is the second comparison to Spelunky, you should be able to get through even with your base equipment, since Crypt of the NecroDancer is mostly skill and Rhythm based. However, getting a Bow, Spear, Long Sword or other weapons will give you more range and/or different attack patterns which you can use to get an advantage over your fellow Golems, Goblins, Slimes, Bats and many, many more monsters. The variety of enemies is huge and you will learn to love and hate most of them.Each Zone is separated in three level Levels with a mini boss at the end (you will love Red Dragons) and one Boss Level. For the first three Zones, you will face a random Boss, the fourth has a special one. The boss fights have unique songs and all very well done, reaching from playing a well paced Chess game to keeping the beat against a Death Metal Skeleton Master.The is also a roster of different characters with varying difficulty to them. Your standard character is Cadence and she is pretty straight forward, while other characters have some unique movement patterns or restrictions attached to them. If you feel like playing a classic roguelike game, you can choose the Bard. With him, you don't have to follow the beat. You make a move and then the monsters move afterwards. He is best used for learning patterns but be warned: it`s possible that you will struggle a bit with normal characters when you switch back to them. Another noteworthy character is Adria, if you screw up with the beat than you will face the fate of instant Death. Best used to either challenge yourself or to practice performing well under the positive stress of the beat ^^The game also offers a Daily Challenge, a seeded run that is the same for all players. You can also play in local co-op (the mode is a bit easier) with your buddies. And if you feel like it, you can also use a Dance Pad for it.All in all, I can recommend this game completely. It has been my go-to example of well done Early Access games and now that it is released, it's as of now my game of the year 2015. What is left to be said is me wishing you fun with it and thanking the awesome developers for listening to community feedback and polishing their game up to this gem that we have now.Since I reviewed this game, it also got some free, well done soundtracks added. Good to see such great long term support for a game."
,Recommended,247080,14113106,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Foireux,"This game is HARD.This game is amazing.This game has a singing shopkeeper.This game has an awesome soundtrack.This game is addicting as hell.This game will steal your soul, your wife, and your dog.Lose your friends simulator 201510/10"
,Recommended,247080,11553832,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kinroko,"This game is great, it's worth way more than 15 dollars, and if you think it's going to be for babies, then you're a bonified chungis.10/10."
,Recommended,247080,13168928,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Commando842,"Crypt of the NeroDancer is a very well executed game. The genre is a mix between rhythm and a dungeon crawler in which leaves the game with a new feeling I've never experienced. There is a lot to learn and a lot experience due to the random generation system that it features. The game is another one of those games where you must learn the tricks and rules that the game has laid out for you. Cause of this you feel like it is your fault when you make a mistake, and you will learn from them constantly. Crypt of the NecroDancer features one of the best OSTs I have ever heard, the rhythm and styles of the songs are varied (Note you can also add your own music. This system works quite well I found and it picks up the beat well.) . There are many unlocks (Items, spells, character upgrades, etc.) for it being in an early stage such as it is. This allows for variety in the way you dance your way through dungeons. This game also features unlockable characters that have their own gimmicks which change gameplay. I personally found myself playing as the main protagonist the most, but it is nice to have the option. Another feature in which I like is the ability to face against different mobs and bosses in a controlled environment. This will allow you to learn their patterns and figure out what works best against them. Recently added is the level editor in which allows a player to construct massive complex dungeons. Either that or try out different weapons and scenarios. Overall Crypt of the NecroDancer is a fantastic game in which will more than likely produce more than enough fun and frustration. I'd give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,247080,22462254,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,"Lionlotus, He who Skeletors","The controls are fairly simple, and the music is really QUITE fantastic. The game also has just enough challenge level to keep you coming back to keep trying to beat that one annoying floor, and rewarding enough to make you feel accomplished when you do! 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,247080,12476544,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,sssss,"I can't get over how good the music is in this game. The gameplay itself is really simple, but incredibly difficult to get the hang of though. You need to constantly have a sense of rythmn to bop and tap along to. Once you understand what to do, its then time to worry about the endless items, chess games, conga lines, seemingly unkillable dragons, creepy- yet weirdly funky skellingtons, fake chests, fake walls, hot coals of death, combo-braking ice, rip-off shopkeeper, secret rooms, poisonous mushrooms and massive annoying trolls. Then theres the different playstyles of each character that you can play. Then there's the permadeath hardcore mode to try and master where you have to do all zones and conga-line bosses (God I hate the conga lines), or chessboard bosses in one run.Overall a neat little game worth getting."
,Recommended,247080,33581117,Posted: 16 July,all,Fury,"Good god, what a gem! There's a reason why this is rated so highly!Pros:★ The music.★ The continuous accomplishment of beating levels and tasks★ The music..★ The amount of different strategies to choose upon the items you find.★ The music...★ The variety of levels and monsters you face questions your beliefs in any real life god you follow★ The music is pretty awesome.★ Local co-op mode employing the use of a friend if you have one!★ The customisation of mods and types of music you can use in game gives it longevity for a long time to come.★ Developer listens to the customer base actively and is supportive of open ideas.★ Very original idea for a rogue-like game introducing a 'cadence' which I honestly didn't think I would enjoy. Boy'o'boy was I wrong.★ Plenty of different characters to choose from which changes the gameplay and interactivity of the dungeons substantially.★ Did I mention how awesome and catchy the music was?Cons:✖ Can be initially very difficult and unforgiving for those not used to such a fast-paced game as the character 'cadence'. This is simply fixed if you choose the character 'bard' though.✖ DLC is very pricey when on sale for the content it includes. However, supporting such an original indie developer is rewarding in its own outright.✖ Zone two music sucks compared to zone one and had me suffering PTSD as a result.✖ Too damn addictive!✖ If you don't enjoy this game you're gonna have a bad time for the rest of your life. I highly reccomend watching sitcom's like 'Gossip girl' or 'Bold and the beautiful' if you suffer such ailments as it's a true representation of your character.Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rogue-like genius. The game is very original in the concept that you move and attack to a cadence of a beat while dungeon-crawling and beating the bosses. There is a large assortment of enemies and items to encounter and each play through is different to the last. The music is extremely enticing as you beat each level motivating you to keep on fighting the good fight.The game didn't look like much from the steam store panel. But I can ensure you that whatever you were thinking of the game before you play it is thrown into the air like a poor-man's chinese firework and fizzled out as the originality of this game will have you surprised of the depth it carries.You won't feel like you have to exclusively play the game as it has great pick-up and play attitudes about it. Very similar to Rogue Legacy and if you enjoyed that game, this is certainly a great addition to add to your steam library. A purchase you won't regret."
,Recommended,247080,28615270,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PixelGrotto,"Rougelike where you need to stay in constant rhythm to the beat. Pretty awesome but make no mistake about it - despite the fun songs and cute graphics this♥♥♥♥♥♥is still a rougelike and it gets HARDWorth getting for the shopkeeper's voice, though."
,Recommended,247080,22902466,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,AdditionalPylon,"Watched the trailer and thought to myself - another weird mashup? That combination would never work.Oh, how wrong it was. Music game and roguelike got melted in a really crafty way here. I spent a lot of time playing Adom and DCSS - and CotN, while not as complex, rankes high up near those two. The music-enforced turn time limit adds a new challenge to the genre creating a really enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,247080,18093475,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Eater of Dreams,"A music game and a unforgiving dungeon crawler with heavy roguelike elements, all in one game. And it's not just a dungeon crawler with music game elements, or a music game with a dungeon crawl attached, it's a near seamless hybrid of both in a way that I never could have thought would work. But it does, so very well.A soundtrack by Danny Baranowsky means it's going to be good, and the tunes go well with the rapid, split-second pace you need to keep in order to stay ahead of the game. I'm not sure if it's extremely difficult or I just plain suck, but I still have yet to get overly far in it and consistently blunder into enemies as I try to stay on time to the beat so as not to lose my combo. It's embarrassing, really. But my own suckitude aside, this is a game that's just so much fun, especially once you start getting into the zone and responding to things before your brain can really process them. It strangely reminds me of Hotline Miami in that sense, but with less ultraviolence and more dancing skeletons.It is also now out of early access, and features a whole campaign, tons of unlockables and player characters with different playstyles, and daily challenges to keep you coming back. I must have rage quit this game a dozen times already but I keep wanting more, and it probably has something to do with those infectious beats. Nothing else is like it, and nothing else could do what it does as well as it does."
,Recommended,247080,26311678,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,λxyz.xz(yz),An amazingly addictive game with yet another one of Danny Baranowsky's masterpieces in the music department.
76561198138123168,Recommended,247080,23428791,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Nom,This game is really fun and I love it but god it is ballbustingly hard.10/10 of my tears were shed playing this
,Recommended,247080,34428275,Posted: 22 August,all,clearfather,This game ruined my life.10/10 would dance again.
,Recommended,247080,11483685,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Beat Hazardous T.L.,"Damn, these beats are so fresh! Snap!"
,Recommended,247080,11486594,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Rofltrees,This is a really impressive game. It even has a full rogue like no death progression mode which is an optional hardcore mode. I completely recommened this game.
,Recommended,247080,12165244,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Jake Dog Ears,Stunning gameplay on first try.Perfect for those who loves beats and music.You did it Brace Yourself Games.p.s. Soundtracks are so d*mn masterpiece.
,Recommended,247080,11710789,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,mpr,i bashed my head on my desk like eight times playing this for eight hours todaybest new roguelike since binding of isaac
,Recommended,247080,11899917,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,JILL♥PILL,BETTER THAN TOTAL LITERAL ACTUAL COMPLETE PERFECTION
,Recommended,247080,12028256,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,gltchwch,"This is by far my favorite game in my library. You can play it for a few minutes to kill time, or you can sit down and play it for hours. And lord knows you will. It's addicting, the music is amazing, and different game modes, procedurally generated stages, and the option to play with your own music means you'll never get bored. It's one of the few early-access/beta games I've played that already looks and feels like a finished product, which makes me very excited for what they will add in the future."
,Recommended,247080,11556271,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Cae くコ:ミ,▪◎◴▿◙◁ ◇●◴◆▖◴▿◆◁ ◶◖ ⦿▣◒◻❖ ▞◆ ❖◇◁ ◎◁⦿▣▞▴●◎⦿◁▣ ▿◷ ▞▪❖ ●◎▴ ◷❖▿◴◴ ⬜◁❖❖◁▣ ❖◇●◎ ◇●◴◆▖◴▿◆◁ ◶⦿▣◒◻❖ ▞◆ ❖◇◁ ◎◁⦿▣▞▴●◎⦿◁▣ ▿◷ ▴◁◆▿◎▿❖◁◴◒ ⬜◁❖❖◁▣ ❖◇●◎ ◇●◴◆▖◴▿◆◁ ◶░█▄████▄█▄█▀██▀████░░░░░░░▄███▀▀███████▄▄░░░██▄▀     ▀▀▄██████████████████████████████████████████████▀░██▀▀██▀▀▀▀██▀▀██░█▀░░█▀░░░░█▀░░█▀
,Recommended,247080,11589801,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Halfy,For so many reasons.Yes.
,Recommended,247080,12206233,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Driscon,"You'd never have considered that rhythm games and dungeon crawling go together, but this game makes it work.First off: this isn't a very serious dungeon crawler.  Most levels are small-ish and relatively uninteresting, with just a few rooms full of monsters linked together by various corridors.What makes this work though is that the game is half real time, half turn based.  Based on the music playing for the level, each beat of the music is one turn, and enemies have a fairly mixed movement pattern based on the turns (e.g. one moves towards you every other turn, one moves in 4 directions each turn randomly, etc.).  This means that enemies move whether you move or not, but if you have the rhythm, you can anticipate where they will be and outsmart them.On the easy levels, this is fairly straightforward.  As enemies progress and become more complicated, you also need to develop more complicated patterns, but what you will actually do depends on the minor variations in the level.  This means that unlike other rhythm games, you can't just memorize a button sequence for a particular song.  Instead, it is constantly changing.The soundtrack is top notch, and design is pretty good.  There are plenty interesting enemies, weapons, accessories, spells, traps, etc. that make each replay sufficiently different to be fun.Early Access note:  As of this writing, the game is In EA.  It has 3 zones (12 levels) and 5 characters ready to play, with a planned final zone and another 5 characters.  However, the current maps are plenty playable, plenty fun, and not buggy at all."
,Recommended,247080,12011588,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,≈Dr. Ethulwulf Sauce≈,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a game with admirable paicing, even allowing players to choose their own pace with differing characters and custom music. Whilst still W.I.P. I have not noticed a single bug so far, that or my sense of immersion to the actual game in terms of the music and the battling of monsters is just that great that I miss those bugs. Either way, the game is looking great, players new to this game will quickly get punished by the games relentless dedication to movement/rythm based fighting, often meaning that anyone who jumps in unprepared will end up dying a lot.What does this say about the game? Maybe for the common, run of the mill gamer it might mean frustrating and unpreventable deaths. But to the dedicated gamer, those who use tutorials or at least have played a rythm game of some kind can grasp that everything requires key timing and a suprisingly large amount of strategy.Do I reccomend this game? Yes. As of this moment its £10.99 ($17.94, €13.85), if you have the money, I fully reccomend buying and trying this game to anyone who is interested in it. More importantly I reccomend it as a backing to this genre of gaming as it is not often you see Rythm based games being produced. I know right now that more and more companies are making music based rythm games, but there needs to be a larger supply of them. With the people who made this game I do hope they make more like this as this genre is genrally underated, undersold and the variety of game titles is just too small."
,Recommended,247080,14115406,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,_skull,"Pretty great, one of the best rogue-likes I've played in a while, as a matter of fact, it was one of the only rogue-likes to spark any interest to me. And as soon as I played it, I fell in love with it. Granted, it is still in Early Access, which means there is not too much content, but there is a lot of fun to be had."
,Recommended,247080,13189841,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rat,10/10 would buy again
76561198066441582,Recommended,247080,11787202,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Quantummidget,"Brilliant idea, with a brilliant soundtrack. Can get slightly repetitive, but has a few different game modes, and obviously more characters will be released in the future, which will be great. 8/10"
,Recommended,247080,19041532,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Aganhim,"That's just great. It's like playing a 2D Zelda game in a dance club. You're dancing, the monsters are dancing and the shopkeeper is just too good of a singer to let you pass near his shop and not letting you hear his beautiful tenor voice.Learn the rythm of every lvl and the patterns of every monster to truly master this well-thought process of the game, where rythm is everything.Warning : as it is a rogue-like, it's not the kind of game you get to do or get easily. You must first fail to improve your skills as well as the items you'll unlock throughout your runs. Not to be played by the easily frustrated ones.Warning : this game is so much fun and the music is soooo good you'll wanna play even though you're so bad at it."
76561198047736323,Recommended,247080,16432781,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DinoGaby,"This game is what I expected it to be and even more, I saw it a while ago in a Klei stream and the concept of dancing while battling seemed really fun.It has great music, simple controls, just the perfect difficulty, it even has randomly generated maps!I wasn't even expecting it to have a story.It may seem hard at first but after a while you get used to it, and if you think it isn't a good enough challenge or that it is way too hard you can even use your own music! I definitely recommend this game, specially since it's on sale."
,Recommended,247080,16372183,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,pruwyben,"A great combination of a roguelike and a rhythm game. It borrows elements from games like Speluny and Binding of Isaac - permanent item/character unlocks, a daily challenge, and of course random level generation and permadeath. The rhythm aspect makes it unique - unlike most rhythm games, you don't have to hit a particular button at a particular time, but there is a lot of strategy in getting the timing right to kill enemies and avoid damage - strategy which is enriched by the variety of enemy move/attack patterns and a number of items that affect your own movement and attack. It's all about planning ahead, and thinking fast so you don't lose the beat."
,Recommended,247080,20039030,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Tenderlands,"Get it while it's on sale, so you can start saving for a dancing pad. 9,5/10"
,Recommended,247080,28064686,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,427,quick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartquick restartLove it
,Recommended,247080,11698660,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Larkke,Can’t stop dancing around on the tiles in my kitchen 10/10 would Necrodance again.Just when you thought the Rhythm Genre was dead something comes along and resurrects it.  Crypt of the Necrodancer is the most innovative and entertaining of its genre and a must buy for anyone.Check out my FULL REVIEW and gameplay videohttp://www.reload2respawn.com/2014/08/13/crypt-necrodancer-review/Check out the Necroshake herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6jS6yaJu48
,Recommended,247080,33233850,Posted: 4 July,all,Zurdo,"Awesome soundtrack, really satisfying to play."
,Recommended,247080,33189846,Posted: 3 July,all,NDB,Chess and Guitar Hero had a baby…And its name is Crypt of the NecroDancer.
,Recommended,247080,11937180,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Drithique,"Driven mad by music.Their twisted souls, bound to the beat!Deliver beatdowns to the beat!I love Dungeons of Dredmor, The Binding of Isaac, etc. The Crypt of the NecroDancer is unique in the way that it adds the 'beat' element to it. Moving to the music as you play with every monster having a specific moveset they dance to themselves. This means you don't really have time to strategize your moves and just have to dance along with it!Sweet as heck."
,Recommended,247080,12096895,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,CutmanMike,"Fighting for GOTY 2014 for me, along with Shovel Knight and probably smash bros when it comes out."
,Recommended,247080,32842120,Posted: 26 June,all,Zetrois,"Probably the best NBA 2011 knock off on the market, i would like to recomend replacing every song in the game with ""Ocean Man"" that way you can learn all of the lyrics while getting destroyed by a black horse monster. 9/10"
,Recommended,247080,15506191,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Silentman,Do you like roguelikes? Do you like rhythm games? Why not play a really good roguelike that's also a rhythm game?
,Recommended,247080,31139802,Posted: 14 April,all,FlammableDUCK123,"Really Innovative, an amazing game.Crypt of the NecroDancer has very simple mechanics, and is easy to pick up and play.The first hour or so discovering all the game mechanics great, and the game life is extended with the edition of all the other elements (weapons, items etc.) This moves the learning curve upwards, while still extending the life of the game substaintially.The music is good- fits the style well.I personally like the additional challenges of the other characters from the default- the can make the game COMPLETELY different, especially in difficultly - there is potential for a huge amount of varied hours in this game.Only downside for me is that some areas can be frustrating, even on the normal difficulty, but they can be overcome.It's also a very reasonable price, especially when its on sale.A strong recommendation for a great game"
,Recommended,247080,20232089,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Zohar,"I bought this game on sale and figured I'd get around to playing it eventually. Later that day, I sat down to play a different game, but decided to start Crypt of the NecroDancer up just to check it out.The next thing I knew, two hours had passed and it was time to get ready to leave to go to my in-laws for Christmas. I grabbed my laptop and installed it real quick so I could play it while I was out of town (the system requirements are really low, so it ran just fine).It might be one of the most addictive games I've ever played. I don't know how many times I've told myself, ""Just one more round,"" only to spend another hour with it.It's also very challenging in a Dark Souls kind of way. If you die, it's probably your fault. Instead of becoming frustrated, I only felt encouraged to try again and pay more attention to the movement patters of the enemies.Also, the soundtrack is fantastic. So many of the songs get stuck in my head, which just makes me want to play it more.It's my game of the year for 2015, hands down."
76561198097997647,Recommended,247080,34727003,Posted: 3 September,all,cheenster,"Amazing soundtrack, never-ending challenges, and lots of fun! Definitely recommended"
,Recommended,247080,25952168,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Leaf,Think fast - die fast.Think slow -are you playing as the Bard or something? xd
,Recommended,247080,17535898,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Finlal,"Definitely reccomend it.Bought it in the early acces and it didn't really kick in, but later I've found that this game has 98% of positive reviews, and you don't see games with such a rating every day.So I gave it another try and as a result I've got one of the most fun, hardcore (in a positive sence, of course) and addictive games I've played in many years.There are minor problems with graphics, like pixels of different size and such, but they're noticable only on screenshots, so don't bother."
,Recommended,247080,15511963,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Yozora_Ai,Lost 50 pound dancing on DDR pad over last 8 month.11/10
,Recommended,247080,16104367,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Chipnyu,YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.
,Recommended,247080,12192662,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,[MHA] Rats of the Worker's Party,"YES.I never knew how much I needed a blend of roguelike and rhythm but this is all I wanted and all I never knew I wanted.Yes. This is exactly it. I love dungeoncrawlers. I love randomly-generated dungeoncrawlers. But there have always been something missing. Yes, the difficult combat, the constantly changing experience, making strategies against specialized enemies, those are all great, but there have always beensomething missing. Now I know what that is.Good God, that is dancing. W-wouldn't Recettear have been even better if you had to dancefight? Dungeons of Dredmor? Chocobo's Dungeon? Nethack? Or the game that gave the genre its name, Rogue?Yes. Yes it would. Don't fight me on this or by God I will dance you to the ground."
,Recommended,247080,11487272,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Smew,"This game is great, really, super addictive, much easier to watch than to play though, but it all comes down to practice, if you're looking for a fun rhythm game that can also become a fun competitive game then here it is. :)"
,Recommended,247080,17622780,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,exgladous,don't play aria if you like your keyboard
,Recommended,247080,27090882,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marcus,gotta buy a dance pad
,Recommended,247080,27671638,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NBlast,"EVERYBODY DO THE FLOP!After the unfair atrocity against humanity that is Spelunky, I jumped away from the rouge-lite bandwagon and started to avoid this kind of games entirely. You cannot imagine the frustration which that cursed game gave me with its extreme unpredictability of annoying enemies, dirt-poor and mostly useless item pool, random stuff blowing up in your face without your fault etc.Good thing that Crypt of the Necrodancer fixes nearly everything I listed above. Listening to the Overwhelmingly Positive rating on Steam apparently is sometimes a good idea!You can imagine the game as a mix of classic dungeon-crawling games, generic rouge-lite games, chess and DanceDance Revolution. During the proper gameplay player makes moves on tiled dungeons, trying to move, attack, defend, explore and explode to the bounce of the sickest beats. You can consider beats as a split-second turns when everybody on the level makes their action and the outcome is immediately apparent. Either you move into enemy-infested tile and attack it or they move into yours, dealing damage etc. Every action in the game is bound to the beat of boogey-man looking Necrodancer who is the main villain of this really barebones and after-thought of the story.CotN fixes EVERYTHING Spelunky screwed up. Aside of non-common bat types, every enemy has a predicable pattern you can exploit. Items you acquire throughout your adventure are varied, allowing different playstyles and strategies. There is not nigh-required Jet-Pack and Shotgun combo you need in Spelunky because in Necrodancer many combinations of items can ease the difficulty significantly. Game also doesn't screw you up unfairly too often. Most of the time you lose because of your own mistakes and not because somebody else angered the shopkeeper or that Yeti made a bouncing ping-pong ball of you, sapping your whole life in the process. You are still fragile in the game, but healing is much less a pain-in-the-butt process andit's much more reliable. Crypt still has some fair share of annoying enemies but those are much more manageable than in the other rouge-lites. There are also single-level modes (allows story progression with checkpoints between zones) and additional, harder characters, so both less-hardcores and harder that hard-hardcores are welcomed here.As for problems of the NecroDancer: bats still exist. Enemies sometimes come in crowds, making difficulty in tackling them safely. Item descriptions are vague and show up only when you approach them from tile away, from which you need to jump off immediately, forcing you to needless experimentation until you memorize the effects. Level themes are extremely generic (Mine/Forest/Ice-Fire World/Temple) which is a missed opportunity in comparison to the rest of the game (like enemies which are really imaginative with bouncy and enjoyable animations and charm).In short, Crypt of the Necrodancer in an enchanting game, full of enjoyable gameplay, good inventive ideas and incredible music (which really goes without saying that loud. Bought the soundtracks... All of them). It's must-have on the nearest occasion for everybody who isn't tone-deaf, without the sense of rhythm or satisfaction from fair challenge.Also, f*** Spelunky."
76561197972720910,Recommended,247080,21015108,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MaYzE,"Picked up on sale.  Another rogue-like game to enjoy.  The idea of movement based on the beat makes this game require some quick thinking.  This, like most rogue-likes the random drop can make or break players like me.  I found myself replaying levels all the time and hoping for certain drops.  Once you unlock some of the characters it allows you a little more freedom to play.  I took the bard out to solve all levels to get an idea of what I was getting into before I started to attempt with the main character.  Fun game for sure and pretty cool when you start to add your own songs into each of the levels.  Worth the pickup, but dont expect to be spending 100+ hours unless you have an extensive music library."
,Recommended,247080,34317786,Posted: 17 August,all,girlsagamer,"I did a little dance alone in my living room when I beat zone 4. This game is hard, but I still love playing it. One of my all-time favorites."
76561197997698098,Recommended,247080,29521641,Posted: 27 January,all,Snowleopard,This game is so much fun to play and pass time on and the music is amazing <3.  Highly reccomended for everyone
,Recommended,247080,15594748,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Exxi,A must have for rogue-like fans but also for those who want to discover something new and awesome !
76561198047515658,Not Recommended,247080,29471972,Posted: 24 January,all,Berserker,"If you are the person who does not get easily convinced with positive reviews, better check this out, will keep it short.Crypt of the NecroDancer has an interesting concept and is quite unique among all the other rouge-like games. I agree with most of the positive reviews. Yet, this game lacks something essential which should keep your spark alive. To a certain extent it was okay, but then it feels like a mobile game you start with excitement and delete after a short while. If you likerepetitivegames (should also mention it has anunusual difficulty curve) you might give it a try. But I do not recommend it for the long term."
,Recommended,247080,16464342,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PawKnight,"I cleaned my apartmend and found my old dancepad just because of this game.It looked to awesome, so I just had to try..It was easy to connect, controls works really well.. And now, me who usually avoids every possible exercise on nowdays.. Dances again! \o/Awesome game, awesome music, and for people who rarely exercise.. Get that dancepad, it's so much more fun with it than with a keyboard! ^_^"
,Recommended,247080,15525110,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,perolus,"The moment I walked in to a trap, which increased the tempo of the music, I knew I was in love."
,Recommended,247080,20900492,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,ModeratelyMadMoxxi™,*spawned; walked directly into skeleton; death by newbness**found a chest; got surrounded; death by mob of enemies**tried to bomb shopkeep for free stuff; death by singing shopkeep**walked near bouncing wall tile; death by fake wall**tried to open chest; death by mimic**dug open a wall; death by bats**screen shook; death by giant red dragon**walked around; death by mirror image monster thing**hit a mushroom; death by exploding mushroom**walked on platform; death by spike trap**time ran out; death by boss dropping right on top of me**took an item from strange portal; death by boss trap room**goes to buy something from shop; death by ♥♥♥♥ING MIMIC SHOPKEEPER WTF*I haven't had this much fun dying since the first time I played Dark Souls.Edit: Shopkeeper's name is mother♥♥♥♥ing Freddie Merchantry... buy this game now!
76561197978470826,Recommended,247080,28868238,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Krypton,"Highly addictive, great game"
,Recommended,247080,21142072,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Fry The Brain,"I remember when this game first came out, and I wasn't so sure about it. Now, I see it is one of the most highly recommended games on the Steam Store..."
,Recommended,247080,12463524,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,TwilightCat,A dungeon crawler with a musical twist! A unique game that combines dungeon crawling with music rhythm gaming. The player moves the character with the beat of the music and the same goes for attacking as well. Monsters have their own unique move sets so it is important to take note of the attacking pattern of each monster. All in all a very novel game idea and fun to boot.
76561198047744995,Recommended,247080,25822724,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DrWaffles_MD,12/10
,Recommended,247080,12715117,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Lšs,"Extremely fun and addictive . The game tests many of your abilities at once. Reflexes, memory, observation skills, pattern recognition, rhytm. Therefore it's no surprise it feels very rewarding when you start getting better and get further. Oh yeah, and the music is damn good."
,Recommended,247080,12979107,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ocelost,"Unexpectedly Brilliant!I had been browsing Steam for at least an hour, looking for something that might hold my interest for more than a few minutes. By the time this game turned up, I was not very hopeful. The gloomy title conjured up images of a tedious slog through yet another Tolkein knock-off world. The screenshots reminded me of a hundred junk titles that bill themselves as ""retro"" and ""8-bit"" to lure long-time gamers into parting with their money in a quest to recapture good memories from their childhood. The description, touting the unlikely fusion of roguelike and rhythm genres, left me almost certain that this was nothing more than a concept gimmick that would fail to meet even the lowest of expectations.I could not have been more wrong.Crypt of the NecroDancer is the most inspired, refreshing contribution to gaming that I have encountered in years. This game blends the simplest and most predictable mechanics with enough variety to be challenging and so much creativity that even casual players will have a whole lot of goofy fun. I've played countless times over the past few weeks, died in most of them, and found myself smiling anyway, because it was almost always my own fault rather than the result of an impossible situation or bad user interface, and because it's easy to jump right back in.Each creature has a specific pattern of movement with consistent restrictions, and is easily identifiable on sight, so you can usually predict what it will do next. It will always move on the beat of the music. Press one of the four direction buttons, and you'll move, interact with an obstacle, or attack an enemy in that direction. Do it on the beat, or you'll be sorry. Use items from your inventory by pressing two buttons at once. Following these rules, you'll find yourself learning the patterns of movement (or dances) required to subdue each monster and make your way deeper into the dungeon.On top of that solid foundation sits a cast of unique bosses, playable characters with different abilities, unlockable upgrades, training areas, cooperative mode, instant replays, a level editor, gamepad and dance mat support, cross-platform compatibility, a surprisingly good chiptune-style soundtrack, and the ability to import whatever music your dungeon-crawling heart desires.And it's still only an alpha.Outstanding work, Brace Yourself Games. You shattered the preconceptions of this linux-using nethack fan. Now take my money."
76561197972321908,Recommended,247080,19914697,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,zyl0x,"Fun, original, and imaginative take on the Gauntlet-styled dungeon-crawler. As you can guess from the trailers (and title), NecroDancer is a brilliant twist on the ""keep-the-beat"" music games such as Guitar Hero, Elite Beat, and Dance Dance. The graphics are nice and clean. Enemies are well-designed. Levels are procedurally generated ala Diablo, but are small enough that you don't ever feel frustrated or lost. The game has a very gradual difficulty curve that starts out easy but can become quite challenging. There are many different characters to unlock with their own playstyles and challenges, including a class that doesn't even have to keep the beat at all, for those of you who would like to just play at your own tempo (or have a poor sense of musical timing.)The highlight of the game is of course the absolutely fantastic soundtrack, but even if you're not a fan of the music itself, you can just set up your own playlist and play along with whatever music you like.I very strongly recommend this game at any price point!"
,Recommended,247080,11509459,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,FattyKun,"10 outta 10, chubby raccoon belly wiggles"
76561198044594432,Recommended,247080,33939631,Posted: 31 July,all,MigMigg,"The traps are easily avoidable.The enemy AI is completely predictable.The constant beat is perfectly followable.Alone, each of these make a game easy, boring, or annoying.Together, these make Crypt of the Necrodancer."
76561198055935037,Recommended,247080,18349043,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Spicy Milkshake,"FINALLY! A game that I can play with one hand!And no, i'm not saying it like a dirty joke..."
,Recommended,247080,13554957,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,The ursus amplexus enthusiast,"Definitely one of the best rhythm based games I'ver ever seen and one of my personal favourites. Even on beta stage it's already one of the few that can be considered a solid purchase. Also, being able to add your own music in the game and the addition of steam workshop, assure endless entertainment."
,Recommended,247080,15550234,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Mint Sundae,"Since its alpha phase, Crypt of the NecroDancer has held a ton of promise.  As it's grown into its full release, Crypt has added multiple characters, an expansive monster bestiary, and not one, but two extra arrangements of the already-amazing soundtrack.This game is a rhythm-based roguelike dungeon-crawling game, but rather than carefully planning each move, you're given a time limit of a single beat of music.  Everything moves one turn on each beat, whether or not you offer an input, which means that you're constantly faced with split-second decisions which will make or break your run through each zone.Crypt offers a wide variety of play styles.  Cadence, the first playable character, is a pretty standard roguelike experience.  You take on a dungeon, probably die, and return to the lobby for some purchasable persistent upgrades.  You return to the dungeon, and the cycle continues on.  Later, you'll unlock Bard, a character whose actions are not limited by the beat of the music, and enemies only move on player actions.  And for the perfectionist, Aria offers a frustrating challenge in which missing a single beat or taking any damage is instant death.The soundtrack, which I mentioned earlier, is absolutely amazing.  Danny Baranowski (of Super Meat Boy and Binding of Isaac fame) takes center stage with the primary soundtrack.  Two other musicians -- A_Rival and FamilyJules7x -- also offer their talents to mix the game's music into heavy techno and metal arrangements, respectively.  Each of these remixed soundtracks is available to play in the game as well.  And, if you should ever get bored of that music, the game allows you to use your own music for any stage you please.I could go on for paragraphs about how great this game is, but suffice to say, it is absolutely worth experiencing for yourself.  It's well-made, it's challenging, and above all else it's just a really fun time.  Absolutely pick this game up if you have any interest in rhythm-based gameplay, roguelike dungeon-crawlers, or just generally challenging gameplay."
,Recommended,247080,15551043,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,❦VoreQor❦,Digging Simulator & Song(Shop)Keeper Simulator 201510/10
,Recommended,247080,11577505,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Orange Freeze,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is exactly what it is described as: a rogue-like rhythm game.This game is all about patterns. Each type of enemy moves to the beat in a specific way, and you need to learn these patterns to effectively defeat them.The simplistic controls are what really drive this game home. You only use four buttons to perform all of the moves in the game - up, down, left, and right, to be precise. The game's control scheme is so simple, in fact, that you can play it with a USB-enabled dance pad, like the kind used for DDR-esque games. Personally I have not tried this, though I definitely want to!Even though this game is in alpha, it is still jam-packed with features to entertain you for hours of playtime. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,247080,11512116,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,xxxTwIsTeD-BaZiNgAxxx,"I got to whip a minotaur in the face while listening to ""X Gon Give it to Ya."""
,Recommended,247080,11492235,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,psymin,"At first I was hesistant about this one.  I *love* roguelikes and I do enjoy rhythm games (but I'm terrible at them).I don't really know how to describe this game, but I'm really digging it :)Give it a shot!(Edit: I wish I'd snagged the soundtrack version)"
,Recommended,247080,11552925,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,rUSINALAPSI,Sweatiest roguelike-like ive ever played and propably will play. 7/10
76561198097059257,Recommended,247080,12221093,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Galbrei,"Great soundtrack and addictive gameplay! At first you'll feel like you'll never be able to play it to the rythm properly, but before you notice you'll ""delivering beatdowns to the beat""! I only recommend this game in it's early access state because I believe it already has enough in it to be worth the full price."
,Recommended,247080,20187119,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,G H O S T C A R E S S I N G,"Hypnotic and loads of fun. If you, like me, are a bit soured on 2D rogue-likes due to sheer oversaturation, definitely give this a shot; the rhythm based gameplay and soundtrack make it stand out. The ability to easily add in custom music without fiddling around with anything outside the game menu itself is also a plus."
76561197996005983,Recommended,247080,20190283,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fishing Boat,Lives up to the hype :3
,Recommended,247080,20194844,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,aaron,"This game is one of the best rougelikes out there.The music is fire, the dungeons are beautiful, and the rythm mechanic works great. It is an amazing new concept, and if you are skeptical about getting this game, then look up the OST for this game on YouTube.Trust me, you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,247080,20195920,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mist,"I thought I was done already with Rogue-likes, a genre which recently had been done to death.I was happiy surprised with CotND. Not only is it more true to the roots of ACTUAL rogue-likes (vs ""rogue-light""s) but also refreshes the concept by the rythm mechanic. Also a really really good soundtrack.Not a genre I enjoy a lot, but this is imo as good as it gets."
,Recommended,247080,20241156,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,AlignedLicense0,"This game is pretty fun, but it felt a bit repetitive after a while, i'd still recommend it for $5 or so, any more than that and it may not be your thing.  Also it had a lot of controller and resolution issues.  still recommend, but it could be better. I'd like to note game feels a lot like a strategy game, where every beat of the music is like a turn. I didn't come into it expecting that sort of feel, and it may have been why i felt it was repetitive."
,Recommended,247080,22048343,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Cybergheist,"At first, I had my doubts about the game, and ignored it.Then, a friend of mine got addicted to it, and recommended it to everyone.Another friend of mine played it as well, but didn't quite like it, which added to my doubt meter.However, a short while after the three of us shared our library, I gave NecroDancer a shot, and my god is it a heckload of fun!I'm glad I was able to look past it's doubtful cover, because this game is A-MA-ZING!"
,Recommended,247080,12272843,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,TJX295,"This game is the best rhythm game I have ever played. The game is not finished but it is still really good. If you like games where you kill monsters in classic pixel lands, then you should play this. Be wary of a steep learning curve though, it takes time to get used to moving to the rhythm and slaying beasts. While you can change the music on this game I have yet to do so. The music is good enough to listen to for hours on end. The music is made by Danny Baranowsky the creator of many amazing game sound tracks such as Super Meat Boy. There is also a hardcore mode where you get no upgrades and have to start from the ground up each death. You can also do this as a daily challenge to see how you stack up to other players traversing the same dungeon layout as you."
,Recommended,247080,21352021,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,17 yeres oald boyfrend,Perfect game.
76561198066650166,Recommended,247080,30377256,Posted: 7 March,all,Pam,Super addicting game that just keeps you playing for hours. Love the music and graphics. Not the best story line but fun nevertheless.
,Recommended,247080,21057310,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,OregoX,"Crypt of the NecroDancerA little pixel Game I saw on a friends PC. I was a bit suspicious about that, but now I really like it.GamePlay:You control a little man/woman, depending on who you play. The only keys you have to press are ↑ , ↓ , → , ←.Sounds simple and not very exciting, but the most interesting part is, that you have to press them in the right rythm.^^Listen to the music in the background may helps.This is still not all. Every Enemy in the game also moves in this rythm and they have some patterns.(e.g Blue Slime: Moves one block up, skips a beat and then moves one block down.)This is one of the simplest patterns. Others have patterns with no set directions and they'll try to get you.Additional to that enemies may have some special attacks. (e. g Red Dragon: when you are in the same horizontal line the dragon will spit fire that deals damage to the entire horizontal line.)Items also exist which helps you to fight against enemies.Not to forget, other characters, other kinds of this gameplay. ;)Sometimes it's very challanging, even with the ""Bard"", where you have no rythm and the enemies move after you. Simple amazing idea!★ ★ ★ ★ ★Graphics:This is the part where I want to remove a Point. It is a PixelGame (and I like it), but I think it could be better. So just★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Story:Ähh... Well, even you may miss the story, because you try to finish the first floor 100 Times, I think it was something about saving someone... No Rating for no Knowledge.^^Music:I always love to make that catigorie, because I just use it in 2 different cases: Good Music or Horrible Music and I think you would guess correctly that this Music-based Game has a nice soundtrack.Even the Shopkeeper sings. :D★ ★ ★ ★ ★Worlddesign:It has a simple block design as simply as you can make Maps on your own. Not really special. The different types of Levels makes it not so repetitive, but I won't make any rate about this.Just saw it on sale for ~4€? :o I would say, get it, it's worth the money and even if you have no fun with this, you may refund the game and do like nothing happend. :)I hope you have as much Fun as I have.★ ★ ★ ★ ★Got my Test of Time Award!"
,Recommended,247080,27891124,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Biomi,"A dungeon crawler with a twist - Rhythm.One of the most interesting games I've played in a while, this is one of those titles I can definitely recommend to anyone, whether they're into roguelikes or not. Give it a try, I'm sure you'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,247080,33220225,Posted: 4 July,all,FinetalPies,"I've played a lot of roguelikes, including a lot of gimmicky ones. This one is brilliant. Challenging, fast paced, EXCELLENT music, the entire aesthetic is beautiful."
,Recommended,247080,33210549,Posted: 3 July,all,Mikki,"At some point I feel like: ""Damn, this is just too easy"" and then there's Dragon, and mostly one-hit kill me.At another point I feel like: ""Damn, RNG sucks on me"" and it did.I enjoyed it so far... Just not really that good. This is my first time for having rhythm and rogue-like combined. Great concept.And git gud."
76561198089734508,Recommended,247080,33022579,Posted: 29 June,all,Sonsho,"Not gonna lie, this is a pretty hard game. (Unless you choose the lesser difficulty: Dance Pad I guess)-Nice Overall game.-Great soundtracks.-Lots of weapons.-A singing bard that sings along the music!You will be going around the tiles in your house in rythm after you put enough hours in this game. Trust me."
,Recommended,247080,26330675,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Spookaddon,"Crypt of the NecroDancer,A Game i began to love and hate,I really like the idea of 'dancing' to the beat through Zones filled with necrocursed monsters that want you dead.The Soundtracks:The Soundtracks are really good and I still enjoy them even without the game, what i try to say: i listen to the OST in other games to feel like i'm still playing the game.The Characters:Cadence, the default character is how i said, default.Melody, one of the easiest Characters because of the Golden Lute, walk to make damage, doesnt that sound cool?Aria, this old woman who dies by walking against un-digable walls make me raging sometimes because of the missed beats and un-digable walls that could ruin your Best Runetc.Its The Editor's ChoiceI spent more than 200 hours and still like to play it, especially Zone 3 in A_Rivals Version of Danny's Tracks.Best Game i've ever played.Totally the 14.99€ worth + 7€ for the AMPLIFIED DLC"
76561198062720762,Recommended,247080,27533990,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Anonymoussss,"The soundtrack is beautiful and varied.There are lots of weapons, enchantments, magic scrolls, and armors, too.If you like rythm-based games, you should buy it :3"
76561198035143000,Recommended,247080,16388095,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Smigius,"Looks like everything clear, you know the how they will go, but still messing up over and over again. Chalanging and amazing"
,Recommended,247080,16404074,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Evil Morty,"This game is hard, the enemies follow specific patterns and in order to defeat them you must combine strategy and timing. Playing on-the-beat (with a great soundtrack) is one of the coolest things ever and gives you a sense of accomplishment when you are able to perform some pretty neat combos.10/10 would press UP + DOWN again"
,Recommended,247080,13746909,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Thanaturgist,"This is a fantastic game! Catchy soundtrack with fun and addicting gameplay. Each enemy has a different pattern, and there's all sorts of different weapons, items, and even characters to use. There's no wrong way to play this game!"
,Recommended,247080,15592465,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,movin_target,"This is one of the best games I've ever played and it's easily my favorite indie game to ever come out. 10/10Necrodancer follows the roguelike genre, the mechanics are simple in themselves, a tile based roguelike in which you only only move to the beat of the music. That is where the simplicity ends.In addition, each enemy has their own movement pattern, following the beats of the music. There are traps laying on the ground that control movement, send you down to the next level and ones that flat out damage you. All of this mixed together creates complex and rewarding gameplay that keeps you coming back.Being a rythm based roguelike, music is key and the game delivers in its soundtrack. The music was composed by Danny B, known for composing games such as Super Meat Boy and Binding of Issac. The tracks are perfectly suited to the style of game and will keep your head bobbing as you move to the beat. In addition, there are remixed versions of the game's soundtrack done by A_Rival and FamilyJules7x, which allow for more variety and they sound fantastic as well.But what if you get sick of the music? There is an option to import your own MP3 files into the game so you can tap along to your favorite songs as your progress through the game.The art style, while another pixel art type of deal, looks great. The enemies are unique, it's easy to distinguish them apart and easily identify what you're going to be going up against.Even after you play the game with the default character Candence, there are many more characters availible to mix up the gameplay and keep you coming back. If that wasn't enough, there is a daily challenge mode to compete in everyday to hone your skills and try to climb to the top of the leadboards; or you could just compete with your friends.I can go on and on about this game, I adore it, the gameplay, the visuals and the soundtrack amaze me, and it all blends into this perfect package of a game."
76561197977829915,Recommended,247080,17758650,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Lovecraft Scientist,"I hate rhythm games, and I love Crypt of the Necrodancer."
,Recommended,247080,26875215,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spookyaworld,Listen to your favorite music while the undead legion of the Necrodancer wants to kill you.At the same time everything you and your enemies do is bound to rhythm of the song that is currently playing.You can either listen to your own music or the amazing OST which has various alterations like EDM and Metal.The game is fair but hard so i would give it a 9/10 - ♥♥♥♥ you black skeleton.
,Recommended,247080,24536732,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,DaddyDev,Worth it. Also works with a DDR pad :D
76561198040253841,Recommended,247080,21348465,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Faux Raccord,"O que aconteceria se jogos de ritmo e RPGs de turno tivessem um filho?O que aconteceria se RPGs rogue-like fossem mecânicamente divertidos?Crypt of the Necrodancer é a resposta para essas perguntas, sem dúvida um dos melhores jogos de 2015, acompanhado na minha opinião pela melhor soundtrack lançada no ano. Recomendo a todos que tiverem o mínimo interesse em rpgs rogue-like, jogos de ritmo, ou diversão em geral."
,Recommended,247080,24195495,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,engineer_rabbit,This game is fairly hard a first to get going. Just remember you want the diamonds to buy from the Dungeon master who gives permanent upgrades. You want long distance weapons over more powerful weapons that aren't. So a long sword is better than a wide sword and the spear is a fantastic weapon. The enemies all move in patterns learn the patterns beat the game.Now this game is absolutely great. The replay value is through the roof and the dificoulty progression is very good. And it's great for a quick game here and there. Just learn the pattern by playing the bard first (all the way through).
76561198076859069,Recommended,247080,25291847,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kingbri,"If you like rhythm games and dungeon crawlers, then this is an awesome combination. I wasn't a particularly big fan of the latter, but turns out I still really enjoy this game.I'm still nowhere near good enough as I would like to be at it, though..."
,Recommended,247080,26056457,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tazcrosblade,"Very fun, unique concept. Don't bother using your own music, it doesn't add as much as you think its going to. Hits a definite difficulty wall near the end of the game, and its local multiplayer, while fun, is difficult given the unforgiving nature of the game.Recommended because its a really fun and unique roguelike, but don't expect to play more than the ~20 hours its going to take to be done with it. Frustrating at times, but in a good way. If these are the types of games you like its 100% worth it, but if you are new to the genre check out some of the more classic examples first."
,Recommended,247080,15559059,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Time,I've not played this for super long but i can just say this is one of the best soundtracks i've ever heard in videogames just for that i would buy it it's a solid rythm game a must buy!
,Recommended,247080,11485140,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,papa gravy,"Its a dungeon crawler powered by music and rhythm! What's not to love? And if you have a usb DDR pad, prepare to be in a pool of sweat."
,Recommended,247080,29472549,Posted: 24 January,all,GLUE,"Dance Dance R-EVOlution. To be perfectly honest, i am just writing a review so the recent section can get back to Overwhelmingly Positive. Also, if you didn't buy the game yet, then what the hell are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,247080,13501684,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Peaches en Regalia,Completely addicting! An excellent concept masterfully executed with brilliant music.
76561198110344533,Recommended,247080,30314742,Posted: 4 March,all,don'tpushyourfingersintoyoureyes,"Fantastic game! Lots of content already and DLC has even more content (and still being updated), totally worth it. Hard to master, but fun to play.  You will love it.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,16522775,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Akmari,"Holy crap, this game is amazing. An absolutely stellar soundtrack, simple (but extremely challenging) gameplay, an interesting story, continual updates from the developer.i absolutely adore this game and cannot recommend it enough!"
76561198108483917,Recommended,247080,27737717,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spooples,"Great soundtrack, creative enemies, and the rhythm system is interesting to say the least."
,Recommended,247080,24735316,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Skypris,"A beautiful blend of dungeon crawler and rhythm-based gameplay that shows progress isn't the only reward, not with a smashing sountrack like this.To start, I have put over 80hrs in on the PS4 version. That is how I learned of this game. I had to buy it ASAP because that is just how good it is. Even got it on my smartphone and spent about 20 hours on that version.This game tasks you with crawling through a dungeon while slaying monsters to get to the end. Simple enough right? Wrong. To do anything (move, attack, use item) you must do it to the rhythm of the music that is unique to that floor of that dungeon. Sound fun yet? The monsters also have their own movement style that goes to th music too so now you have to learn their pattern to be able to take them out without getting hurt.There are plenty of things to unlock too, like weapons, weapon types, character boosts, and magic items. There are also different characters to unlock in the game that very drasticallly change up how you play your game!Have I mentioned the soundtrack you play to is absolutely amazing?No dungeon crawler is as good as this one. I fear none may ever be. Get out there and buy this!"
,Recommended,247080,13437298,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Charmics,"Highly recommended.Plays like a full release - though content is still being added and refined all the time.Terribly fun, and perhaps addicting. Don't loose the beat. You have very limtied health, and really the game is not very forgiving. You get hit, and it's a serious thing. Best part is that you have only yourself to blame. Except for red bats. Screw red bats.If you can get someone for local co-op, that's quite fun as well.Since the levels are procedural, and you never really get good enough that you never die, and you can even play your own songs (thought theirs are really good anyway), the games has tons of playability and hours in it.Another good thing is that it doesn't take long to play. It's not like an rpg or something where you'll waste away playing it. 3 minutes of this game feels like 30 minutes of most other games. So sure, you won't waste time playing it, but you also won't waste time playing it."
76561197989609619,Recommended,247080,24128211,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Watchtowerr,"Game  is dope and definitely not something to play while drunk, it encourages the rage"
,Recommended,247080,11888200,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Nitman99,"I love games that make sense of old gaming tropes and conventions; in this case, how about the old idea that enemies in roguelikes only move when you do? The answer is, they're just moving to a beat, same as you!This idea has serious gameplay implications as well. Roguelikes were always about positioning and strategy, but let you take as much time as you wanted in between turns. The rhythm nature of this game melds it into an action game with the best of tile turn-based. Fighting enemies is an absolute joy: every time you walk into a room you have to think fast, what enemy do I prioritize and how do I position myself to attack them while keeping myself out of harm from other enemies.There are a few mechanics that really help facilitate this; for one, the control scheme is exclusively arrow keys or WASD, which means that attacking is done by pressing in the direction of an enemy, overriding a movement in that direction. This can play to your advantage or disadvantage depending on your weapon and circumstance, which just increases the layers of things to think about. It also means you can play the game on a dance pad if you want to, with no compromises. The one downside is that using subitems like consumables and spells is done by pressing combinations of those direction keys, which doesn't really feel great and you'll often forget which thing is bound to which button combo. It can screw you up in a frantic moment.The other element really strengthens the rhythm game connection: a multiplier. If you can keep landing enemy kills without straying off beat, you'll earn a coin multiplier, which is cool because coins serves as both currency and as points or high score. What makes it interesting is you lose the multiplier for using a wait command essentially, which means you have to constantly keep moving. This not only changes the tone of the game, but it makes approaching enemies interesting too, as you'll have to find another way to stay in the same spot without losing the multiplier.Then you have different items and weapon types, and what's great is that even though the very basic ""attack up"" weapons will change how you fight enemies, there are a lot of different types that change properties and completely change how you approach combat.Another big mechanic is that each floor is timed, and you'll be sent to the next when time runs out. This is probably an improvement over other roguelikes that give you as much time as you want; at the same time, it along with the multiplier makes the game feel really frantic. While it's a cool feeling you don't really have the chance to learn what an enemy's all about in the middle of a run, you'll have to utilize the in-game beastmaster mode to learn enemy strategies. Same goes with items, you won't have a lot of time to experiment like in something like Binding of Isaac, which makes learning new items with no descriptions even more difficult than in that game. At the same time, it's better than just giving it away with a description.I guess the other big thing is that because you can't move freely, because you are forced to move at the pace the game dictates, the game doesn't give you the same sense of control as something like Binding of Isaac, at least not initially. Initially you'll be a little frustrated that you can't move at your own pace in the lobby, and even when you're having an OP run you're still at the whim of the game's pacing. This feeling diminishes over time; eventually as you master each of the beats you'll get that control you were looking for, it just takes awhile.The game has a really smart progression system early on; basically it splits each of the zones of a full length run into its own adventure, and gives you incentives to play and learn them with the diamond system which gives you permanent upgrades to your character, or new secrets in the runs. It's a really good way to learn the game but the meat and potatoes is still hardcore mode, which takes away all of those permanent upgrades and plays like a true roguelike. My problem right now is that after beating hardcore mode and unlocking the other characters there's very little incentive to continue; the new characters represent a significant jump in difficulty, and while I could dive back into each individual zone with the characters to train there's no in-game unlockables or achievements to be earned right now. I feel kind of done with it until Zone 4 rolls out.It's also not as replayable as something like Binding of Isaac, most of the nuances in the gameplay have to do with combat. There's not as much detail optimization as BoI, aside from a few things like how to find hidden passages without a torch and what to do with excess bombs.The game is ridiculously fully featured for an early access game by the way, with multiple characters, dance pad mode, daily challenge, seeded runs, custom music, and even a co-op mode which is a ton of fun.Oh and the soundtrack is what I play videogames for, I <3 Danny B.tl;dr Combat nuances and music make this game well worth buying in its current state, only problems I have with it right now are lack of progression after unlocking all the characters, less replayability than other roguelikes, and the difficulty with learning new things and feeling in control early on."
76561198131399593,Recommended,247080,33489595,Posted: 12 July,all,Camel360,Fun? YesGreat soundtrack? YesArt style? Love itRage inducing? Maybe10/10
76561198272336662,Recommended,247080,34177458,Posted: 11 August,all,Tempᴺᵁᴸᴸ,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is one of the more interesting games I've played before, as it's a rouge-like rythm game.Honestly? I really can't believe that those two genres go together so well.PROS+Amazing soundtrack+Like 9 different soundtracks to choose from+14-ish characters to play as (With the Amplified DLCNEUTRAL/Some of the character's lore (Which only 4 or 5 have actual lore) doesn't make sense, at least to meCONS-Some of the items aren't really explained too wellOVERALLIt's actually a really good game, and I'd say pick it up if it sounds good to you7/10"
,Recommended,247080,33879496,Posted: 29 July,all,Manyface,"this is my favorite game of all time. the music is amazing and it's really fun as well as difficult. i wouldn't recommend it if you're not prepared to be dedicated to completing it, because it does get really tough. the characters and story are also super neat, as well as the fact that almost everything is a music pun. idk why i haven't reviewed it sooner, but please play crypt of the necrodancer if you like unique and challenging games w great soundtracks.(btw, the amplified dlc adds so much new content and i think it's become a vital part of the game, so that's highly recommended too)"
,Recommended,247080,11509322,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Brilliant Grapefruit,"Simple mechanics, complex gameplay, and a great soundtrack.  Totally amazingly addictively fun to play!Gameplay rewards timing, quick reactions, pattern memorization, and on-the-fly improvisation.Somewhat reminiscent of Spelunky, Binding of Isaac, Nethack and Guitar Hero."
76561198135223985,Recommended,247080,33779548,Posted: 24 July,all,Harold,Play Aria and feel the incredible stress.
,Recommended,247080,33743022,Posted: 23 July,all,Brover,My rating of this game is as high as the erection it gave me.
,Recommended,247080,23982188,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Guacamole,"Crypt of the Necrodancer (CotNd) is a perfect fusion of a multitude of genres that you would think don't go together - it just clicks to make that perfect gaming experience.The music and artsyle keeps you enraptured. The gameplay despite being rogue-like compels you to play more with easy to reach checkpoints and item upgrades to make the next run even more enjoyable. And who doesn't love a game that embraces puns - from zone bosses to each individual character; every name has to do with dungeons and music.A must-have and a must-play if you're a fan of indie games and are curious just how a roguelike, rhythm, turn based, dungeon crawler would be like.  I've already sunk 48 hours in and still can't manage to play Aria consistently. I shall keep on trying.This game resonates with me on so many levels (See what I did there - music dungeon pun)!"
,Recommended,247080,11669675,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Traveller,"And it's like, how much more niche can you get?  The answer is none.  None more niche.Seriously though, this is a pretty fun roguelike.  It gives me the same vibe as One Way Heroics, even though their gameplay is fundamentally opposed: They both add an element of tension that isn't present in normal roguelikes.  In the case of Crypt of the NecroDancer it's a very frantic tension, which makes it hard to play for long stretches at a time but I'm really enjoying it when I do play.  Ideal coffee break game, each run is nice and short.Replayability is similar to Spelunky: It's very challenging as you play through it, but I'm not sure how much I will feel like replaying it once I'm finally through.  Various things to unlock along the way though.  Playing with the different weapon types is a lot of fun, it feels more visceral than most roguelikes and that's very satisfying.The music is addictive.  There's a mode that lets you play it with a dance pad, too, and I'm really looking forwards to that--will update this review when my new dance pads (with official Crypt of the NecroDancer art from{LINK REMOVED}precisiondancepads.com!)arrive in a month."
,Recommended,247080,15803774,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Cypher - The Fallen,Amazing!!
,Recommended,247080,21708692,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Sponskapatrick,"Crypt of the NecroDancer reviewAfter 200 hours of playtime I think it is finally the time to do a review of Crypt of the NecroDancer... so lets get startedCrypt of the NecroDancer is a Rythm based Rouge-like, so If you like the awesome soundtrack and don`t mind restarting from the beginning, then this would be the perfect game for you.+Great Soundtrack by DannyB (Also did music for Meatboy etc.), A_Rival and FamilyJules7x+Graphics - They fit the game really good (Dancing skeletons too)+Easy contols (You only have to use 4 arrow keys, but you can bind the button combos to other buttons too)+Contoller/Dancepad support+Highly skill based (You can beat the game without picking up any items)+Awesome Shopkeeper+++ Finally beating that boss you never beaten before-Getting into the game, as you have to learn the enemy pattern, get into the beat etc.Crypt of the Necrodancer gets a solid 9.5/10 from me :Pbtw... only game you can play with 1 hand  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198161469171,Recommended,247080,34243565,Posted: 14 August,all,TheElderWeasel,"This is always the game I return to when I want to have fun.Swell Things-Fantastic Soundtrack (I think there's six versions of it in the game right now.)-Replayability with 14 characters, score runs etc.-A pretty good rouge like dungeon, map generation can make your life more difficult, but it's never unfair.-The shopkeeper sings to you.-if you play enough you will defeat ultimate evil as a grandmother who dies in one hit and on a missed beat while fighting with only a dagger.Not as Swell Things-I've seen folks complain about the difficulty, when I first started I had trouble keeping rhythm too. In the end this game is as unforgiving as other rouge-likes, but for me difficulty is what makes the game worth playing.-The story is somewhat underwhelming, but this game isn't really about that-It might just be me, but I cannot play as the double-time character without developing carpal tunnel.-The traps are the most avoidable traps i've seen in a video game xDif you like dungeon crawling and snazzy music this is the game for you!"
76561198062807051,Recommended,247080,12275665,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus,"What a phenomenal game, I just played it for 40 minutes as of writing this review and I am addicted, I can hear the beat in my ear and it won't go away, GOD HELP MECrypt of the NecroDancer is a must get for any roguelikes fan, if you are not a fan of rougelikes then it depends, but you still gotta try it if the price allows, it is a standard roguelike that follows a gradual upgrade system, you get to slowly expand your library of items by purhasing item upgrades and also permanent hp upgrades and whatnot, what makes this SO special is the twist of music, basically its a game with aweosme music playing in the background and you are required to play by the beat of the music, with every beat you get to perform one action, move, attack, move, attack,move,move,move,move,attack all following the beat of the music,with each enemy having a unique moving pattern, shops and whatnot, this game is beautiful in its very unique and brilliant way, as of right now it is still in early access but it has every right to be full released because right now its just slowly being updated with new stuffs, the gameplay is already 10/10 solid"
76561198112843623,Recommended,247080,14289359,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Hot Cocoa Powder,"Crypt of the necro dancer is quite a different game. It's a blend of rhythm, fighting and rogue like with the idea of moving and attacking to the beat. This game does alot of things right in very important aspects of their respective genres. The music and visuals are extremely well done! All the music has easy to follow beats and the visuals are pixel art with great design.The only problem i've had so far is the learning curve is quite steep to the third zone, but other than the curve the game seems pretty good! The developers of this game are extremely responsive to the community asking for ideas, reporting bugs, and trouble shooting with errors and crashes. I fully recomend this game!TL:DR I entirely recommend this game! The game is an amazing blend of rogue like and rhthym with beautiful visuals and music! I rate 9/10"
,Recommended,247080,33114593,Posted: 1 July,all,Psirho,"If you like rythem dungeon crawlers, you're incredibly picky.but you'll like this"
76561198048505628,Recommended,247080,35076913,Posted: 19 September,all,Spaceman Spiff,"Amazing game that has blown me away despite the fact that I was hesitant to play it at first. The expectation from watching the trailer is nowhere near the great experience that comes from actually playing it. The game went from ""This looks okay"" to ""Damn, this is amazing!"" in the first few minutes. Highly recommend for pretty much anybody, and if you like other rogue-like games then you will utterly adore this."
,Recommended,247080,25766136,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,nick,"A roguelite based on moving with the beat of music! It's very difficult and will take many runs/tries to learn the games mechanics/movements. If you'd like a unique take on this style of game I highly recommend it. It has a decent amount of unlockable content and permanent upgrades/unlocks for new runs. I don't find the game to feel RNG based, so it just comes down to mastering the mechanics and playing well."
,Recommended,247080,25831521,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,archdeco,I went from being mildly annoyed at the gameplay to getting into the groove and loving it to seeing what an Aria run's rules are and instantly quitting.
76561198083801284,Recommended,247080,24448592,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Alien Hands,"Music is excellent, sound design in general really gives the action a lot of punch and makes the player feel like they can succeed despite the challenging gameplay, which can be doled out in may forms depending on the level, enemy or character the player is up against or playing as. Also, the plot never gets in the way like I thought it might, and its pretty interesting by itself. Great game, as you can probably tell by its reviews."
76561198129803988,Recommended,247080,17615770,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Wade,Has a steep learning curve but once you get the hang of it it's one of the games that'll have a soft spot in your cold reanimated heart for a very long time.
,Recommended,247080,11480386,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,JayToriko,Worth the game+ sound track. It's a must have. I love the random generation. The cool beats. Especially the beats. Damn those little monkey dudes though. Damn them to hell!!!
76561198169163387,Recommended,247080,20974959,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Cookiepal,"really fun game to play and the increasing difficulty and different bosses means it doesn't get boring! also the music is just awesome. :Dlike seriously you could just sit there and listen to it, not even play the game.but the game is so original and fricking amazing so i would recommend actually playing it."
,Recommended,247080,15847615,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jay Dee,"So challenging yet so rewarding, the soundtrack is amazing, this game is just too good... one of my favorite indie games of all time."
,Recommended,247080,16728640,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Lord Humungus,Really good for crazy ~fritos~
,Recommended,247080,13750010,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,demon days,"Inventive mashup of the roguelike/rythm game genres. Most innovative game I have played in a long time. If you think you will enjoy this game, I would definitely recommend it.Amazing soundtrack!Heaps of replay valueChallenging gameplay which rewards skillful execution & game knowledgeItems are really well balanced and there are very few (if any) totally useless itemsThe different weapons are varied and fun to useThere aren't many items that radically change how you approach the game from a tactical standpoint more of a mechanical/execution standpointBalanced learning curveRange of characters that vary in difficulty/playstylePixel art may seem a little over-done in the indie genre but it is very well executed in this game and suits the tone/atmosphereDevs are adding a lot of content during early accessMinor issuesIf you are looking to play the game with your own music, the interface for adding your own music is not well suited for exploring a large music directoryThe default controller mapping is not great but it does support custom control mapping for controllers"
,Recommended,247080,16091806,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Lowen,"Great game, good pixel art, awesome tunes, terrible puns."
,Recommended,247080,22181614,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Celery,"Brace Yourself Games has developed easily one of the most creative games I've played recently.  Crypt of the Necrodancer combines the roguelike/rhythm genres to produce a dungeon crawler that summons memories of Michael Jackson's Thriller. The skeletons dance, the zombies hop, and the shopkeepers sing as you navigate through the floors of the cryptIt plays similarly to classic turn based style roguelikes, except that the turns happen on the beat of the music.  You will find yourself hopping back and forth to the beat, dodging enemy attacks, and waiting for the perfect moment to strike.  The soundtrack is great, but you can play using your own music instead if you wish.  There is also an easier difficulty setting specifically for playing the game on a dance pad.  It makes me wish I still had a DDR pad lying around, I'd love to give it a try.The parallels with classic roguelikes do not end with the turn based combat/movement system.  The floors, the contents of treasure chests, shop items, and even boss order are all randomly generated.  The game is also very challenging, quite possibly challenging enough that some players won't enjoy it if they don't like difficult games.  There are several features available to the player to mitigate the challenge.  As you play you will unlock the ability to start at each zone, buy items before entering a zone, and practice against enemies in a risk free environment.The only criticism that comes to mind about the game is the small number of zones.  There are four zones, and each zone has three stages.  The amount of content reminds me of some NES games.  Many old NES titles could be completed in less than an hour, but took much longer due to the learning required to play successfully.  While I don't feel like there are as many zones as there could have been, they did include ten playable characters.  The characters all have very different styles of play and allow for a solid level of replay value.Crypt of the Necrodancer is a lot of fun, but I think many players should be wary.  Prospective buyers may be lured in by the cute visuals and awesome soundtrack but miss an important fact about the game.  Necrodancer, at its heart, is a challenging turn based roguelike.  I've played through and finished quite a few games that most would consider to be hard.  This one is tough.  According to  Steam's global gameplay stats, 7.2% of players manage to finish the fourth zone as the main character.  If you're down for a challenge though, you'll have a great time.  I've certainly had a lot of fun with it."
,Recommended,247080,13635672,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Captain Radish,"Give this review areed, it will only take aminuet. Whatever expectations you have for this game are going to fallflat. The idea behind it is just soclef-er, and even in it's alpha I don't evenCanyminorflaws. Much less anymajorones! It's especially fun if keeping a beat is yourforte, and if it's giving youtrebledon'tfretabout it, you'll get it. I am nolyre, this game is amazing!Real ReviewI have to say it now, this is my new favorite rougelike game. It isamazing! Once you start you arenotgoing to want to put it down. The visuals are great and apealing to look at, and all the enemies dance! How awesome is that!? And the music- OOOOH THE MUSIC -it just works...so well. I actually started typing this review before, and when I typed, ""And the soundtrac-"" I immediately went and bought it without realizing it would erase what I had typed! It'sthatgood. I completely recommend buying it. And then there's the shopkeeper. His voice is the most beautiful thing you can hear while fending off skeletons that have their hands in the air like they just don't care! One thing that isterriblegreat about it is that when you die,it's your fault. It's becauseyouweren't paying close enough attention, or becauseyoudidn't react fast enough. There are some times when I die that I just have to takerest...sorry, and mourn my own stupidity. The game almost never cheats you. Unless there's a red dragon. I'm sorry, that's fate, it's going to kill you. There are some enemies that seem like they do, but maybe I just don't understand them.*cough* bats *cough*[EDIT] I do have a give a fair warning though, the difficultyspikesbetween levels 1 and 2, and I can't even imagine 3.After playing some more, I have a few things I would like to see improved:*I think the shield skeletons need an ""arms up""-like frame in their animation, it can sometimes be unclear whether they will attack or not*The red dragon is way too hard. Maybe I just suck*The ability to go from Level 1 to level 2 and so on in one run, like in daily challenges. The later levels are just way too hard to start from scratch and hope you get lucky.**More permanent upgrades, the dungeon master is hardly used after the first hour**A option/item that makes the shopkeeper always singing (perhaps if it's an item, you can see him or the music notes all the time)See, not even very many :)I haven't completed it, so maybe some things I just haven't found yet. Improvements marked ** are something I'd see coming into player after the full release"
,Recommended,247080,32912171,Posted: 27 June,all,EthelChampagne,the
,Recommended,247080,17078806,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Wuff Metal,"Crypt of the Nercodancer is a Dungeon Crawler game mixed in with a Rythem Movement system, as in you have to move to the beat of the song.the game itself is pretty simple and Really easy to understand, The artstyle is really nice and pretty clean looking aswell and the soundtrack is easily one of the best, all 3 of them, original, EDM and Metal. Edit: 2 more were added a while ago! A chiptune soundtrack by the same person who made the shovel knight soundtrack & a Synthwave Soundtrack by Girlfriend records, Never fail to amaze with the different styles of remixes!There are 10 Characters total, Each every different things, like bolt who moves at double the speed, or Aria who can't get hit or miss a beat (as in dies in 1 hit or missing a single beat.)There are a bunch of different enemies, which also move to the beat with different patterns which are easy to understand, Each as moving every 2 beats or lunging forward after being hit once or even teleporting the player.Even if you're someone who isn't great with hearing/listening, there's a guideline sort of thing at the buttom of the screen, which you could use to learn the beat.Its a great game and i'm amazed the Devs Created this unique game. Easily Recommedable to friends, Especially with the OSTs."
76561197990570942,Recommended,247080,20501078,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Regulus,"Top tier game.  You'll get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, you'll kick♥♥♥♥♥and jive to it all. It's the kind of game where no matter how many times you die, you will want to just give it ""one more shot"". If you play through the game I recommend playing through with the original soundtrack before swapping it out with your custom music (if you intend to do so). The original soundtrack isn't something you want to miss out on and will definetly set the mood for how the game should be viewed... There is alot of replay value. A great game to just hop into, play for a bit, or play for extended periods of time."
,Recommended,247080,20718771,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,imfallin,"The ingenious combo of a dungeon crawler and rhythm game.GAMEPLAYIt's a dungeon crawler rhythm game. Your movements are timed to the beat of the song, and you can't just spam movements all the time. It's simple, but is executed so well and so satisfyingly that it's become my favorite dungeon crawler (which isn't saying much as i've only played 2 at the time of this review and only have 9 hours in the other one) Since everything is timed to the beat, you're retreating with the beat. You're killing to the beat. You're flanking to the beat. You are living with the beat. This makes the game incredibly satisfying to play.Enemies play by their own rules also on the beat, which becomes incredibly complicated in the later zones where the screen gets cluttered frequently, with enemies that play by their own rules, or the same rules on different beats. Enemies can in later zones also potentially move diagonally, something you can't do, and even through walls, which never felt fair when you die to those things.There are different character types, all of whom have different styles of play. Some may be incredibly satisfying and fun, others will leave you begging for mercy and crying face down on your keyboard. A very good replay value.SOUNDTRACKKick♥♥♥♥♥ You get 3 different soundtracksDannyB-The creator of the game's original soundtrackA_Rival-The creator of the game's EDM soundtrackFamilyJules7X-The creator of the game's metal soundtrack.As well as custom .mp3 support, which is incredibly satisfying and adds even more replay value. Problem is, the beat detection can be a little off for songs with a large amount going on or different pacings (I'm looking at you, PAYDAY 2 songs)OTHERMod support, as well as a very simple to modify game.CONCLUSIONI was never a really big fan of dungeon crawlers. I always felt that, while they each did their own thing, they were pretty much the same thing in general and gameplay-wise. Crypt of the necrodancer is not ""pretty much the same thing in general and gameplay-wise."" It's a game that takes roots from rhythm games and dungeon crawler games to create it's own thing which is a very satisfying and fun to play game."
,Recommended,247080,19764071,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"As an off-and-on fan of rogue-lites/likes, I am always torn determining the amount of skill and the amount of luck you will find in these games. Unseen probabilities within games are something I always am wary of complaining about when I could've had some really bad luck.However, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a game where I blamed myself more so when I made errors than blame the odds against me. This is the first rogue-LIKE where I could tell I was improving myself, and it's the first one in the genre where the demands on the player's skill were mandatory.Because with each failure through the familiarity of the controls and the coodrination of my fingers to the bass-line of the music I was reading the enemy telegraphed moves. Or adjusting myself to a new tempo-change. Or finding myself becoming at ease with the bizarre control-scheme. (Minus the DDR pad.)The Rogue-Like With A BeatThe novelty of this game is that it takes the game of Rogue and gives it a beat. Literally.The musical theme is not solely an aesthetic. The gameplay is interwoven into the music itself. From the way you move around/attack to the amount of time you have to explore the dungeons. Once the song ends, you are dropped to the next stage. (There are red-bars to show that the song is nearing its end.)Every movement/action you make is managed by moving in-time of the music. You and every enemy move according to that rule, which gives the game a charming tactical feel while sometimes relying on you thinking on the fly. Enemies attack in a specific manner which usually results in them having an ""off-beat"" to strike them. If you simply attack head-on with no regard, you'll die a lot.If that sounds too convulted about how the combat works, let me rephrase it like this: You are the metronome; the music is what you need to match (as the tempo can increase and decrease); and the enemies are the other instruments in play. The game plays more like reading a music sheet than another rogue-like game.The controls are the first major obstacle to get over, which you can play this game legitimately with either a controller or keyboard (or a DDR pad, which has an easier difficulty just for itself). To get the best experience, I would suggest you map your directional keys separate from your combo keys. There are too many moments towards Zone 2 and onwards that rely on twichy relfexes in-time with the music to coordinate your fingers in combinations.Thankfully, the game isn't too demanding on you maintaining a constant rhythm. If you're like me, I struggle to keep a rhythm going longer than a few seconds without going faster or slower than expected. The game is leniant on being perfect, but you cannot spam your movements. The game simply won't let you, and you won't be able to obtain the modifiers to your gold (and modified items) if you don't keep the beat.I was able to get past the first zone on my KB alone, but the second stage's music tripped me up when I had to make those split-second motions to drop a bomb or use an item. Switching out the combos to other keys fixed it for me, and I would strongly suggest that if you play the game with a controller you get the directional pad some love.Practice Makes PerfectionMany rogue-lites rely too much on probabilites of which you can and cannot control (FTL). Others rely on attention to details of your item and the levels to spot those small benefits to get you to the end (Binding of Isaac). Crypt of the NecroDancer is a part of the trend where they provide permanent progression across chunks of the game.(There is a story mode for purists who want to play a more traditional rogue-like experience. However, I chose the permanent item/stat increases as I am not the best at these type of games.)There are stat increases and new loot to give your next playthrough something to change it up as well as possibly improving your odds. None of which are mandatory--I wouldn't think of going without them--if you are good enough at the game to read your enemies' movements.Outside of the item/stat increases, you also have another means to improve your next game: Practice rooms.You have a training room for enemies and minibosses that unlocks with a certain amount of kills for every enemy, a boss pratice room (unlocked via currency you accumulate in every run, diamonds), and a weapon-training selection screen to practice in either room. These rooms are unlocked by finding trapped tradders within Zone 1 and 2 and unlocking them with the Golden Master Key.Having a story-mode option and a perma-progression system as choices is the best compromise as both the purists who prefer to learn the game on their own and everyone else has the means to finish the game. But it ain't so easy, nor free.The bosses cost in-game currency to unlock. And you can't simply practice on all the enemies from the get-go--you have to kill each enemy type several times to unlock them. Simply, you can't cheat yourself out of a challenge without investing first.(And if you don't like some items, you can discard them for diamonds with the Janitor).It Ain't No StepmaniaPerhaps the game's own lacking feature is the infamous difficulty of its genre. The game doesn't feel that hard.Make no mistake; the game is difficult for all the right reasons, and you will die a lot. But there are plenty of items to circumnavigate the game's difficulty, and some enemies that make me wonder how fair the game truly is.For example, blood items let you regain your health, slowly, with enough kills chained together. There are also magic spells that might stun enemies, blast horrizontally, or give you some buffs to become overpowered in some situations. I would chalk these up to limitations of making a novel game without all its polish.Some enemies also break the rules. There are some enemies that move in diagonal movements, which you are never allowed to do. The red-dragons also seem unfair without a ""ranged"" weapon (weapons that extend beyond one-tile, such as long-swords or broad-swords) to get around taking damage.Zone 2 seems to have a sharp difficulty spike because you start off with nothing (even if you finish Zone 1). So expect that you may still have some bad runs when you begin new zones.The only feature of this game I hadn't tried is adding your music into the game. This game's music was tailored for the game, and I am sure slow songs will break it while Megalovania will result in a very bad time.Shake Your Groove ThangThis is one of few rogue-likes I'll always come back to because it's a fun experience. It's not a brutal old-schooling, nor is it coddling to the new players. The game's sense of challenge makes an otherwirse creative deviation into a worthwhile game of its own.And how can you not have fun dancing on a plastic pad like an idiot?(Kudos to the devs who put this through Early Access and finished the game. As well as for adding new content to the game itself with no DLCs. If they have another product through Early Access, be sure to give them a second glance.)"
,Recommended,247080,15595172,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,MageFyre,"I got this game on a limb out of early access, and this game ranks way up there for the indie game department thanks Brace Yourself Games you have made something beautiful and unique that I can play for years to come, also one does not simply ""beat"" the game  with Coda :P"
,Recommended,247080,29618403,Posted: 31 January,all,FooMann2,Wonderful game! It is really really addicting. If you like Dungeon Crawlers and any type of rhythm game you will love this game. The replay value is fantastic. If you have a Steam Controller its a fantastic veg out on the couch game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,247080,14383034,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,SaucySanders,"This game is all about being good, and having a good computer so that a lagspike doesn't kill you.Hell, you don't even have to worry about the latter though. With creators that update this game almost every WEEK, you know you're getting something wonderful. Even after only a few hours, I still can't wait to get into another Disco Dance of Death.Only problem I ever really had was with the Editor. I just can't figure it out.'10/10 would fap to' -IGN"
,Recommended,247080,31448404,Posted: 29 April,all,crispim,SO ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT!!!!! TOPPER!!!
,Recommended,247080,32717108,Posted: 24 June,all,ToastyHere,"Music is awesome, game is hard as nails if you have no rhythm :p"
,Recommended,247080,11590740,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Baka,Dungeons & Dancers!My heart is beating like a jungle drum...
,Recommended,247080,15677663,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Minitrue,"You'll like this if :You are a fan of rogue likesLike SpelunkyAppreciate good game soundtracksYou'll hate this is :You have no rhythm and things like DDR drive you nutsGet bored with casual quick gamesThink old school graphics are horribleCrypt of the Necrodancer is a light rogue like game that owes a lot of its design philosophy to Spelunky. It does away with the depth of most roguelikes and instead concentrates on serving up a bite size piece of dungeon crawling in a challenging cute form, with many of the game design elements from Spelunky directly converted into its top down view point.So far, so similar.But CotND has a gimmick up its sleeve. The soundtrack. Everything in the game moves to the beat of the soundtrack, animations, movement, attacks - even your own input has to move to the beat of the soundtrack, like some mad version of Dance Dance Revolution where each step lets you explore further into the dungeon.Move out of step with the beat and you will be punished - losing bonus and also potentially missing your chance to move or attack. Learn to step with the beat, learn how the monsters move with the beat, and suddenly you will be popping along to this fiendishly addictive game.If the idea of playing a roguelike to the sound of a beat sounds weird - it kind of is. And I'll admit I wasn't entirely sure if this would turn out to be a flop or a cool idea. But once you play it, it just makes sense, and adds a very unique aspect to the game - that of timing. Where you have to move to the beat - staying still just isn't an option, and yet a move will push you into the path of a deadly foe, or out of striking range of a target. A new dimension of just how to ""wait"" or move in such a way as to hit an enemy becomes part of the game.The soundtrack itself that supports the main gimmick of the game is absolutely top notch, and there are a few great touches to the game - such as the singing shopkeepers - that just make this game work really very well indeed.An all round excellent experiment in combining the winning formula of Spelunky with a top down roguelike all to the beat of a soundtrack. Don't be put off because this game is kind of... left field. It manages to weld everything together beautifully, and is definitely a game where you will just want One More Try, because This Time, I've Got It."
,Recommended,247080,11489067,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,saugroboters,"Wow, what an amazing game!I love its style, the music and the whole gameplay.When I first bought the game I played it for 5 hours straight, without getting tired of it.It is just so much fun to play.But it's not just a rhythm game, you have to think about every single move, which means you have to think fast and react even faster. You have to predict the moves of your enemies, but at the same time focus on the beat and your moves.At first it is pretty hard, but after some time you'll get into it and you'll love it!This is one of the few early access games I'd recommend, because even now it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
,Recommended,247080,22768361,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,AsherRose,I bought it for the singing shopkeeper. I was not disappointed.
,Recommended,247080,19346246,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blizzy Coffee Co.,"This game is simply a masterpiece. Always refreshing and never gets old, a large variety of weapons and items and enemies.One of the best parts is the music, one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard, along with FTL and Ori and The Blind Forest. Really worth investing the money to get this game and the soundtrack!100/10"
,Recommended,247080,18579630,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Morello,"This game fooled me, but in a good way. I was expecting a cute gimmick - a music game disguised as a rogue-like. Instead, I got a solid dungeon crawler with a musical twist.Crypt of the Necrodancer is the first game to combine two of my favorite things; EDM and The Undead. The style is cute, cohesive and somehow works without jumping the shark, which is hard to do for such an odd mix.+'s* Gameplay is solid and difficult, but not because of the musical aspect. ""Spinning Plates"" and managing many simple enemy patterns together takes awareness, practice and planning.* The beat is there as a turn-timer of sorts. By forcing the decisions to be quick, there's opportunities for mistakes (and therefore mastery/learning!)* Several characters with different styles, rogue-like style.* TLC put into the production value, even considering a more throwback/pixel art style.* Soundtrack is fantastic.-'s* While there's a variety of characters, the game's core gameplay has to eliminate a lot of the dungeon options and items that make the full-run version fun, meaning many of the alternate characters are less interesting than the default.* It's said before, but Aria is extremely punishing to play. This is where it truely becomes a rhythm game, but it also has the problems listed above. Not a deal-breaker, but a sore spot.Highly recommend this if you're a fan of strange mash-ups that work, or want a dungeon delver with its own unique feel and flavor. The game holds up without the music, but is greatly enhanced by having it. :)"
,Recommended,247080,19039678,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,John Doe,An illegitimate child of Dark Souls and Dance Dance Revolution
76561198062301817,Recommended,247080,23459614,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Rhythm Raph,"Awesome game. An original take on classical dungeon-crawling games. Not particularly fun at two, but still a very enjoyable additional feature. If you read the description on the store page and is intrigued/interested, then go for it: you won't be disappointed. It's exactly what it looks like."
,Recommended,247080,23298423,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,babaz,"You're into rhytm games? Get this game - You're into rogue-like or rogue-lite games a la The Binding of Isaac? Get thi game - You are into heavy addciting drugged experience? Get this game.No, really. It's almost dangerous as it's addictive: just one more run."
,Recommended,247080,25917614,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a work of art. The superb way every attack forces you to calculate moves perfectly, the many varied items with hunderds of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest indie game, rhythm, and roguelike of 2015."
,Recommended,247080,25549721,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,DarkTree,"it's... it's just fun. ok. although i've basically completed the entire game (except for the last unlockable secret character) and don't play it much anymore, it's very... fun. it's fluid. the gameplay's fun. the music's good. it's one of the only good rhythm games i've played since rhythm doctor. just buy it."
,Recommended,247080,16345608,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,antitrop,Opera-singing Shopkeeper/10
,Recommended,247080,16209443,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,BitchNigga,Great soundtrack 10/10.
,Recommended,247080,28931010,Posted: 1 January,all,WoodsTreesForests,first review on steam. best game ever.
,Recommended,247080,28322734,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ritte,Not bad.
,Recommended,247080,12705192,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Aelexe,A minotaur broke through the wall behind me whilst I boogied to the beat with a skeleton.
,Recommended,247080,20364233,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,The Gemsbok,This review explains howCrypt of the NecroDancer's rhythm mechanics and customizations overcome its few small weaknesses to offer a great game.[. . .] My interest inNecroDancerstemmed as much from the promise of a Danny Baranowsky soundtrack as from the gameplay concepts on offer. But I have to admit that I’ve been blown away by the successful integration of these two apparently disparate genres. [. . .][Click here to continue reading this review]
,Recommended,247080,23115508,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,{λ³} Master Neloth,"You can't really compare Crypt of the Necrodancer with any other games considering it's the only rhythm-based rogue-like dungeon crawler as far as I know. If that sounds appealing you should give it a try, I know I enjoyed it even though I've never played a rhythm-based game before.Great game."
76561198079361434,Recommended,247080,23466391,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,I'm-Kirby,Use a spooky spell to spook the shopkeeper out of his shop and steal his wares10/10
,Recommended,247080,11481330,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mem,"Fantastic game. Wonderful calibration, beat-centered game mechanics, custom soundtrack, upgrades, etc. All together the game is a masterpiece. This game was so good I bought two copies and gave one to a buddy of mine. Worth every penny!"
76561198057701000,Recommended,247080,16808733,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Jarheadtaylor,"Just buy the game instead of reading reviews, its ♥♥♥♥ing great."
76561197974235759,Recommended,247080,11486659,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Squish,"I'm gonna pop some mobs,only got a tiny dagger in my pocket,ah ah I'm diggin' and dancing through a dungeon,this is f*cking awesome.This is why indie games exist. Never in my life would I think this kind of game would happen. A rhythm-based rogue-lite set to music where you kill creatures for stuff and money. Spells, equipment, traps, boss fights, all set to a beat you can kick♥♥♥♥♥to.I couldn't recommend this more.Buy it to support crazy awesome experimental games.Buy it to see little sprite creatures dancing at you as you slaughter them.Buy it because it is just a fantastic game already, with more to come."
,Recommended,247080,11513243,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Doone,"This game is CENTURIES over due. So damn cool, so damn fun. This will expose the rhythmless as was prophesied by the Dancermancer.Ok so srs face, this game is fun, simple, easy to get together with friends, and comes with a praiseworthy soundtrack. It's currently Early Access so I'm REALLY looking forward to watching this game polish up because its in amazing shape for a beta version. This is also one of the few games with armor built for womens breast. Seems like a small thing, but it's notable. This is what's called ""making an effort"" and it succeeds. The mechanics themselves are very easy to understand and simple to manipulate, just as you'd expect from a retro-flavored game.The $15 tag may seem on the high side, but we're all just used to getting Free or $3 games. It's worth every penny and then some. Try this out!"
,Recommended,247080,21467822,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jermany1711,"Love it, videos and screenshot make it look intriguing but it's definitely hard to understand without playing.  Once you start though you're literally only seconds into zone 1 before you start thinking, yeah, this is pretty catchy, I'm definitely going to like this. Lots of stuff to unlock, varying difficulties and characters.  Very cool."
,Recommended,247080,21377846,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tomatoshadow,"This is one of the only Early Access games that I have purchased very early on. It also happens to be the first early access that I have absolutely loved from the beginning and it's probably one of the only early access games that I purchased that actually came out as a complete game.Crypt of the Necrodancer immediately caught my eye because of its unique gameplay (or was it just an impulse buy because of the pun?). It's essentially a Rythm Roguelike game. It has most of the elements of a Rogue-like, except you have to stay on beat!The soundtrack is absolutely amazing (and now offered in 3 different variations!) and the game is deceivingly difficult. It's very easy to pick up, very hard to master and highly addictive.Even having played through the first 3 zones countless time while I waited for the fourth one to come out, then all four a bunch of times when it did, I still enjoy playing this game from time to time (I have played a lot more than Steam indicates.)I often despise randomly generated levels but in this game it works very well and follow a set of logical rules. Each level will always be similar while always offering something new. There are tons of different items that will help you on your runs and different characters that provide different challenges when you get bored of Cadence, the main character.A very charming and challenging game with a lot of replayability, fully worth the 16.99$."
76561197993576902,Recommended,247080,11979882,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Ninjin,"It's like Monster Hunter, Rogue Legacy, and Elite Beat Agents fused together into an excellent game."
,Recommended,247080,12439228,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,huesitos,"una banda sonora gloriosa, y es difícil con cojones, diversión asegurada"
,Recommended,247080,19956122,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,katsplanet,oh HELL yes. god yes. god
,Recommended,247080,12272719,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ZOOM,"Take what you love from Dark Souls - the hard-but-fair reliance on your ability to learn movement patterns - the best tunes from your favorite rythm game and sprinkle it with a big dose of Zelda and Spelunky, and you get this. It's the best kind of addicting."
76561198036212216,Recommended,247080,12274715,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Ameretat,"Litterally the first words I thought to myself after quitting my first stint of this game? ""Wow, that was actually really good.""Perhaps not the most insightful of comments, but I MEANT it, and this was a surprising fact. Looking at the game on steam, you may think ""So a rogue-like with music. Right"" And technically, you'd be right. But that's like calling a burger ""cows backside with month old milk covered on top""It just doesn't do it justice.The gameplay is what you'd expect from the genre, constant paranoia of the simplest mobs knowing they could end your playthrough merely by invading your personal space. However, the twist is, they are all 100% predictable. Green slimes don't move. Blue ones bounce in a grid, one square per beat. Minotaurs charge in a straight line until they hit a wall, dragons...well, I still have yet to work that one out. But dragons hurt, and I don't like them anymore.You yourself are 'constrained' by the rules as well. If YOU don't move to the beat (which I have to admit, is catchy) you'll lose your coin multiplier bonus. That's it, nothing 'life ending' but...it makes it harder, thus worthwhile. *This is only valid if you don't play the bard character, who has different rules I won't go into*The rest? Eh, the graphics are bright, but still suit the 'dark' theme. Sort of like a Scooby Doo episode. The sound I was shocked with (In a good way) and the gameplay...well, I'm eager to go back for more.Once I forget about the dragons, that is.8.5/10, with only the 'promise for more' alpha state on it preventing it from getting higher (Can you rate an unfinished game as perfect?)Would highly recommend to any fans of the genre."
76561198004846258,Recommended,247080,12276174,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,CheTrooper,You can't stop playing!  Excellent game!!
,Recommended,247080,12276506,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Diggertron,Oh. God. Yes.
,Recommended,247080,12591139,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,mp*Raxxius,"A fantastic addition to the rhythm game genre. It's kitschy (in a good way) with the tile-based graphics, old sprite style, and the soundtrack is fantastic."
,Recommended,247080,12272736,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Maggikarp,A great game with absurdly good music by Danny B.somethingsomethin/10 buy it!
,Recommended,247080,24684383,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MAKLA,"This game is hella fun. If you like great music, permadeath, and challenging games, then you will love this.Be warned however; in order to beat this game, you will need to seriously buckle down and get your big boy pants on, because the final chapter of the story mode WILL kick your♥♥♥♥♥ This game is not for those of weak will."
,Recommended,247080,27233338,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Erdna,Turn-based rythm rouge-like dungeon-crawler. Basically disco chess.
,Recommended,247080,20226983,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,serious bzns,Did you enjoy bring it down and getting low? you ♥♥♥♥♥.Well now you do that with monsters killing you to further prove that you are a ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,247080,20366537,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Zedrin,Got trampled by a conga line of zombies10/10
,Recommended,247080,16207409,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,PotatoPower,"I got into this game when i played it for 5 minutes. so yeah, its a good game."
,Recommended,247080,21382630,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,i'm too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at it for it to be fun
,Recommended,247080,12713935,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,wakuboys,Dance like there's no tomorrow. Because if you die there won't be.
76561198071658418,Recommended,247080,20337712,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Crazay,The Dark Souls of all rhythm games.You either win it or you keep dying while trying.
,Recommended,247080,12746075,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Oy vey,Worth buying a dancepad just for it.
76561198025486934,Recommended,247080,20298382,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Musix,"Challenging yet oh so rewarding, this was my addiction for most of the year. I paid full price for it, and it was worth every last penny."
,Recommended,247080,20308232,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Dasdad,Stepmania killed my keyboard. Now this game.
76561198055677938,Recommended,247080,20310975,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,FizzyBits,"Can you do the beat with your heart beat?It's a surprisingly fun game! Still yet to figure out how to work those spells and skills though, but all around very fun! Probably the best beat game I've played in awhile, and I suck at dance dance revolution!"
,Recommended,247080,20312704,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Geist Grace,saving money for witcher 3 and fallout 4bought this game and usb dancepad instead11/10 no regret
76561198003315451,Recommended,247080,20274892,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Moustache (Gay) Lance,I've been waiting to buy this game for a long time. Awesome soundtrack. Awesome gameplay.
,Recommended,247080,15390577,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,TimothyFitz,"Don't think of this as a dance game or a rhythm game. Think of it as a roguelike that forces you to make 100-150 actions per minute. It takes some of the best parts of Spelunky and refines them. The ""real"" game is doing a hardcore run from 1-1 to the end, but you'll play for 20 hours just unlocking the ""tutorial"" content via the gem system, which goes a long way to evening out the difficulty curve issues that prevent most people getting very far / enjoying Spelunky.Honestly can't recommend it enough."
76561198025686238,Recommended,247080,20054966,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Katame-Jak,This game is fantastic!!! so much fun. move to the beat and lay waste to the enemies within
76561198202949088,Recommended,247080,16195902,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Worst Name Ever,"Easily one of the best indie games ever made. It has fluid gameplay, three amazing sountrack and is HAIR-PULLINGLY DIFFICULT! But seriously, you should buy this game."
76561198055493324,Recommended,247080,20230241,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ImaginaMagica,"10/10 and more if I could give it. I'm not typically a fan of rhythm games because it involves no more than correct button-press timing, but Crypt of the NecroDancer transforms rhythm gameplay into something much, much more than what other members of the genre do. Fantastic music, and so much room for replayability. My only irk with the game is some of the shop item prices. I got stuck at Zone 2 for a while and unlocked most of them by the time I finished it.Anyways, this is a great game. You should absolutely get it -- I got it on sale, but I would have absolutely paid for it at full price."
,Recommended,247080,20185586,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Jpdaniel,"I'm not a huge fan of turn-based games, the careful calculation isn't my cup of tea outside a bit of casual play. I like action roguelikes, which give me a challenge I can quickly work through, but by nature there'll always be a glut of deaths that seem more random chance than my fault.This game solves both problems. By making it technically turn-based but setting each turn to a less-than-half-second timer, every move is forseeable in advance; but you have to keep moving. So it beats me up but every time it does I realize I ""obviously"" could have just used that bomb, or staggered one more turn.Beating the final story is simply one of the most satisfying thing I've done because I felt like I had legitimately EARNED that victory through-and-through. Quick-thinking, experience, and timing got me there, not just lucky drops. That feeling is what makes this easily one of my favorite games I've ever played. But getting your face stomped in repeatedly in hopes of one day achieving the goal isn't for everyone. I'm just in the right place for this game.Also, good job on making the music bearable even after hearing it for 28+ hours"
,Recommended,247080,16561805,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Midday,"A dungeon crawling, rogue-like, rhythm game with a banging soundtrack. Literally all my favourite genres and aspects of gaming rolled into one."
76561198031354211,Recommended,247080,18721425,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Lord Roost,Excellent rhythm dungeon crawling roguelite with an amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,247080,20050339,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,datlanadelass -BDAY,"idk what i thought when i bought this, my brain hurts"
,Recommended,247080,19422801,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dakkenly,"My favorite game, ever."
76561198176788615,Recommended,247080,17126305,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,CreatureSpawn,"This game is fun and unique and is one of the best dungeon crawlers I've played. Crypt of the NecroDancer will keep you in your seat for hrs and has an interesting plot. The characters are funny and amazing and the music fits each floor perfectly.The love that was put into this game was amazing. It's a little hard to figure out how to attack at first tho..pros:FunEntertainingGreat MusicGood PlotlineGreat charactersCons:It kind of depends on luck if your going to beat a zone or not because of what items your going to get and what monsters are our there.Zones are a little to hardno more than 4 zonesI really love this game and i hope they keep adding to it. Maybe make a sequal or a prequal for it. All in all this is a must have game for any people who love music, dugeon crawlers, and hard games"
76561198093027300,Recommended,247080,12932972,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jeppe,This game is fantastic - the best modern roguelike RPG I've played and an excellent implementation of local co-op gameplay.
76561198126395988,Recommended,247080,19994097,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,RoosterMaind,"10/10Must-have if you like any of the following-Indies-Music games-Rhytm games-Dungeon crawlers-Rogue-likes-Retro games-Games with rave-like aestethicsNoteworthy features:-Co-op-You can change the soundtrack-Wide character variety, each with a VERY distinct playstyle. It's basically a different game with most of them-Great minimalistic story, perfect pacingSeriously, get this. Even if nothing I've said so far interests you, get this as an open-minded gamer, this really transcends genres and it will surprise you."
,Recommended,247080,18068500,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,✌,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing rhythm based game ever made to date, move to the beat, kick♥♥♥♥♥and get that gold all while a awesome soundtrack is playing, This is a must have game just go and buy it now."
,Recommended,247080,15576160,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Chewy,A dungeon RPG with a rhythmetic twist. This game is a lot of fun and is very unique!
76561198097733537,Recommended,247080,28084906,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ardreyon,"This game has a kicking beat and is nice to play if you just want to play something easy to get into and easy to get out of. I recommend paying extra for the soundtrack, just because the music is that amazing. The only complaint i have about it really is that i ran out of things to spend the in game currency on. And even that isn't a big deal."
,Recommended,247080,15605593,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kewlkirbyz,"For the rogue-like and rhythm fans alike, this game provides an amazing soundtrack, lots of replay ability with its randomly generated levels, items, and bosses, as well as amazing pixel art! If you don't have this game, buy it now, it's worth every penny! (And for the people who are a bit tight when it comes to pecuniary measures, don't worry, this game has been on sale a lot these past few days!) I'd recommend this to any friend or family member who wants to have a great, grooving time! I'm extremely glad I can be a part of this community too. I honestly need to start a real life group that's filled with people who love the game as much as I do, because Crypt of the NecroDancer is one of my favorite games due to the amount of detail the sound crew, pixel artists, and everyone else had done (I also have to thank the person who made the puns for everyone of the enemy names personally, they're amazing without a doubt)! Although I only have around 50 hours of playing the game, you can bet on the shopkeeper's amazing voice that you'll love it too. And if the wide variety of characters, weapons, etc. aren't enough for you, you can even download mods! A personal favorite of my being the Captain Falcon reskins with sound, truly amazing.) With a great community and even greater team, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a must have. And now, after the real review is over, I must now make a musical pun to balance out the silliness (and to show respect for the beautiful, beautiful man/woman/team who came up with the puns.). Let's see... oh, I have one! If you do not like this game for whatever reason, then you can kindly and respectfully kiss my brass! Heh, I don't mean to toot my own horn or anything, but musical puns are the 'key' to success! (But back to seriousness, 10 out of 10, would recommend to everyone who plays video games and/or loves music.)"
76561198092024992,Recommended,247080,13409705,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lucky Beast,The developers are constantly pushing updates to improve this great game.
,Recommended,247080,18621375,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Kryptik,"After playing this game I can say without a doubt.  This is one of the most addicting games I have played!  All of the positive feedback about this game is within good reason.  It's a great quick fix game and can be played for long periods of time as well.  Collecting more diamonds to buy items, and just trying to progress through the various levels of the crypt.The game does a great job of not holding your hand, and letting you experience how the game plays, how various monsters attack, and how to use items wisely.  This however is comparable to ""The Binding of Isaac"" in that it is a lot of trial and error.  So be perpared to die alot.  However, the game is very rewarding and never seems to trap you in a vicious cycle of repeated death without reason.I would highly recommend this to anyone who are fans of Rouge-like, or Rythm games!!!Kryptik Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,247080,18331855,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Aerodash,Cheap as chips and a complete blast. Worth your time.
,Recommended,247080,16413535,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kinnis,"An amazing unique and addicting game. I've never seen a more intuitive and engaging game mechanic than this game's. If you're a fan of challenging dungeon crawlers, play this."
,Recommended,247080,14603561,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Babin,Neat concept.Updates regularly.Gr8 soundtrack.Play it yo
76561198071930180,Recommended,247080,18930784,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Jabba,"I believe that Crypt of the Necrodancer is a great and unique game. The idea of moving to the beat is pretty fun, and the gameplay overall is great.Downsides would be... wait i cant think of any downsides.Buy it its good."
76561198050126725,Recommended,247080,18532311,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Henk Wijngaard,AAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
,Recommended,247080,18916239,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,magicMosquito,"If pixel dungeons and rhythm heaven had a baby, it would be this...This game made me kill my family and sue myself in a perfect rhythm.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,16638045,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Drive By Baptism,Warning; be prepared to lose touch with reality to make way for frustration and funky beats.
,Recommended,247080,15612691,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Heavyweight Milk Factory,"I have loved dungeon crawlers. I have love rhythmic games. Guess what, if you like those two and especially bopping your head to the beat of Danny B's music from Super Meat Boy/Binding of Isaac?This is seriously the game you have to buy. It's relentless difficult yet at the same satisfying and have me want to play more. Different characters will give out different end bosses, so there is always something different to look up to when clicking buttons to the beat.Also, hey, if you got rocking songs of your own? You can have them inside your game too! Worth a shot, worth a buy, worth to play all day!"
76561198041470478,Recommended,247080,18866529,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Omid,good game
,Recommended,247080,18337474,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Josh19101,"Aside from FTL and BoI: Rebirth, this game is my favorite Indie title.  Don't let the rhythm-based gameplay deter you.  It's more about pressing the buttons at a steady beat  than it is figuring out a rhythm.  So, even the musically-challenged such as myself can enjoy this game.I'd say if you enjoy roguelike games, this is an obvious buy.  Worth about $10.  I'd say $15 is too much, but worth it on 50% or greater discount."
,Recommended,247080,18364427,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Water Boy,First playthrough. Died within five minutes. Second playthrough. Died within one.Keep coming back for more.12/10 would recommend and play until I die within a few seconds.The music is epic and I've learned the skeleton is my spirit animal because goddamn bones can move those HIPS! I just wanna pop my hips and raise my hands in the air with my brethen of the bones! HOLLA!*dances off into the hip shaking sunset with my skeleton fellows*
76561198179714350,Recommended,247080,18335239,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Rev_John,"This is my first review.  Seriously I love this game.  I'm a bit bit of rouge-like games, and this is the best.  Beautiful graphics, great music, and the magic items and monsters have nicely thought out and interacting moves and features.  The different levels are beautifully themed.  And there's different characters that have individual traits that make the game easier or harder.  It's not too difficult to get through the levels and it's certainly not impossible to complete, (at least with the easier characters).  Right now I am trying to speedrun the game (complete in less than 15 minutes), a lot of fun as finding the right item can really change your strategy.  My only complaints might be that some of the text overlaps and is hard to read, and the difficulty level rises dramatically with some of the later characters you unlock.  But a great game, I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,247080,18193998,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Frostilyte,"Necrodancer is an enjoyable mashup of rhythm based and rouge-lite elements that end up working surprisingly well together. The game suffers from the same problems that most indie rogue-lites do and that is that it becomes fairly repetitive after a few hours of play due to a general lack of enemy variety. Still, the game does have 10 playable characters, each with their own gimmick to help diversify time spent playing the game. The game also comes with 3 soundtracks as well as the ability to use your own mp3s so that you don't have to listen to the same soundtrack over and over if you are having trouble getting past a particular zone. It's the kind of game I pick up and play a little of everyday and overtime has really grown on me."
,Recommended,247080,18207132,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,coopnshores,"I've never played anything like this before. It brilliantly combines rhythm based gameplay with rogue like progression. It says that it works with a controller, but I would highly recommend using a keyboard (or even just a ten key) to play."
,Recommended,247080,18211426,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,FFenril,"52 hours into the game, I've beaten the final boss of the story, but not yet achieved even half of the achievements of the game.Both more than what a rhythm game and a rogue-like can offer, I can't stop coming back to it."
,Recommended,247080,17053229,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Rook,"It's like a combination of DDR, chess, spelunky, and dark souls"
,Recommended,247080,15763113,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Omoplata Papi,"Outstanding soundtrack, addictive gameplay, and great replayability make this one of the best games I've played in 2015. If you enjoy roguelikes in the slightest, you will definitely get your money's worth from this title."
,Recommended,247080,11796495,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Highway Knobbery,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rhythm roguelike dungeon crawler. What to say. This game is 100% fantastic. A great challenge while also being incredibly fun. Moving on the beat and hitting monsters along with the flow of the music is an incredibly satisfying feeling, especially on enemies like dragons, following the pattern of hit-move-hit-move until they're dead. Every enemy design is great in its own way, as well as every character sprite. Cadence's animations are flat-out adorable.The music, integral as it is to the gameplay, is incredible, and easy to listen to over and over again. Which is kind of common, in a game as difficult as NecroDancer. My only problem with the game is very, VERY minor. It's about the beat bars at the bottom of the screen, near the image of the beating heart. They kept throwing me off the beat ever so slightly. Thankfully, the devs put in the ability to turn off the beat bars. Thank you.Verdict: 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,15498873,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,applebaps,"This game has everything I like.  It's got random dungeon generation and permadeath like a roguelike, but with unlockable carryover bonuses and items, and characters, like a rogue-lite.  It's got rhythm gameplay, including some generated from your own music if you like, like another one of my favorites, Beat Hazard.  Oh, and it's really really difficult, and the retro graphics are cute, and there's plenty of female characters in it.  So, yeah!  Go ahead and pick it up!"
76561198083691909,Recommended,247080,17587070,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Hodgeypodge,"The quote the Forbes review gave  ""you have to see it to believe it"" is almost sums it up. I would propose a following line - ""you have to live it to see just how unfathomably awesome this game is"". The synergistic effects of already tried and tested fantastic retro game style, with a fantastic original idea, creative artwork and utterly genius masterpiece soundtrack leaves a game that swiftly kicked the backsides of all the other games I have played to sit at the top most played and most enjoyed game of all time. I am recommending this game to absolutely anyone, for I believe everyone has the potential to be awed by the experience. Those who are not awed either haven't put the effort (normally not necessary) to see the sheer ingenuity of this game or are completely blind. (I've mostly played this game offline)"
76561198055812054,Recommended,247080,12560215,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,O'Cabbage.,"An excellent game that keeps you focused and on the beat, enemies and music are strategically placed just for your sitting, albeit it takes several tries to get into the first couple zones. 9 out of 10 doctors would recommend this."
,Recommended,247080,11612576,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Roshan Crass,"This game rocks. I'm biased because I love rythm games, but it's awesome. Putting your own songs in works really good too, unlike some other games that have tried the same thing, but the OST is rockin' so..."
,Recommended,247080,15940425,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Call Me Greeks,"Easily one of the best rhythm games to come out EVER. CoTND is a procedurally generated dungeon crawler with the difficulty and addictiveness of Binding of Isaac, with, imo, a killer soundtrack. This is probably because the music was made by the same guy but, I digress.And if for some reason you hate the music (or you get sick of dying and hearing the same bloody song from level 1 over and over again like I do (inb4 'git good')) you can substitute the level songs with your own music.You play at Cadence, one of several musically-named individuals who must make their way through the titular Crypt for their each individual reasons, which is fun but the true awesomeness lies in the music-related combat and sweet pixel art visuals. That being said the game is hard. It's really hard. The good news is with a few proper upgrades you can become veritably unstoppable in any of the worlds. The learning curve drops into a cliff about the time you meet the Red Dragon, who can take you out with a single well-timed fire breath from across the map, and he'll show up every now and again in Zone 1.Easy to learn and hard to master are how I would describe this game, and would definitely recommend it unless you're known to break things if you get easily frustrated. Mice and keyboards are expensive."
,Recommended,247080,17923198,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Egg,10/10 would play this game until i've heard the same song at least 420 times then it's like: k.
,Recommended,247080,16046943,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Roushk,One of the best blends of Rhythm and Rogue that I have ever seen. You can even listen to your own music. It is as if Audiosurf became a Roguelike RPG. There are many different characters that allow for many different styles of play.10/10
76561198048932073,Recommended,247080,15453757,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Kelso,awesome game..sometimes frustrating but lot of fun! bad side is that everything you do on beats then..it is just enough that music plays in your head and you skip facebook picture on the beat...AWESOME!!!
76561198039262976,Recommended,247080,17651479,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Flammable,this game is literately the♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247080,17592822,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Lats,"Do you like DDR?Do you like Dungeon Crawling?Do you like constantly doing the same things over and over to get it right?Then you will LOVE this game. From the mechanics to the soundtrack there isn't a thing I would change. The 'hard' modes actually feel hard, and aren't just a ""this boss has more HP/does more damage"". It's truely a nice change."
,Recommended,247080,17476675,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Gramps,"Best game I've ever played.Move to the music, and it's still a dungeon crawler!Tough at the beggining, but great gameplay.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,13632997,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Shine,"A beautiful fusion of roguelike and rhythm game, Necrodancer features unique and fun gameplay which is easy to jump into without commitment, very challenging levels, and has a fantastic soundtrack .It also features local co-op and a new way to hate your friends.Whenever I hear the music, I MUST dance."
76561198087633263,Recommended,247080,18036347,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,TheBinaryStorm,"This is probably one of my favorite games of all time, I have almost 100 hours in it and I don't plan on stopping any time soon! From the music to the gameplay and various characters and challenges this game will keep you entertained for countless hours. Whenver I have friends over I always make sure to show them this game and recommend it!"
,Recommended,247080,12278511,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Forgetful Brain,"This is a really, really good game. The art style is fantastic, resembling the prettiest SNES game you never played, and the soundtrack by Danny B (of the Binding of Isaac fame) is incredible - as it needs to be, since music is the core of the game. Everything you do in the game, you can only do on the beat: moving, attacking, etc. It might sound like a strange concept, but it's the foundation for an incredibly solid game design.As a roguelike-like with persistant elements (similar to Rogue Legacy), you start each game in the lobby, where you can spend diamonds to unlock new items or bonuses, and choose which game mode you want to play. Presently, there are four game zones (each consisting of 3 levels and a boss fight), a local co-op mode, a daily challenge similar to Spelunky, and several different options for difficulty modifications, including a hardcore mode, or a ""dance pad.""Yep, you heard that right - you can buy and hook up your own DDR style dance mat for this game. A controller or the keyboard works just fine too, though, with four keys (up, down, left, right) being all you need to control the game. Apart from the beat, the gameplay will be familiar to anyone who has played a roguelike dungeon crawler: delve, loot, destroy.I honestly wasn't expecting to enjoy the game as much as I did, but I have to say - it's incredible. Pick it up if you've ever enjoyed the roguelike genre, and don't worry too much about the ""Early Access"" state, or the curious core mechanic - once you get used to it, you'll love this game. NOW OONTZ FORTH TO VICTORY, YOUNG DANCE WARRIORS."
76561198056247846,Recommended,247080,11623439,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,goldjet32,Indie games > AAA
,Recommended,247080,11593492,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,GeekTechMedia,"This game is excellent, tons of fun and should be on your playlist if you love music and ""Zelda"" like play."
,Recommended,247080,11508864,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Snoop_,"This game is an awesome rhythm based Rogue-Like. If you like music, and you like hardcore games with lots of hours to put into them, get this game."
,Recommended,247080,19050832,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,O-steal,I just typed it to the beat
,Recommended,247080,30604271,Posted: 18 March,all,IAMRANDOM,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a unique game involving following the beat of the music, into your attacking and your movement. You can't just rush from one end to the exit in 3 seconds, you have to time your movements with the beat otherwise it wont work. Not to mention the amazing soundtrack this game has with Danny B, A_Rival, Familyjules7X, and others! There is now a new dlc being worked on and it is amazing, it is worth $6.99 or however much it costs when i'm writing this, There are new characters, new modes, new weapons, new shrines and enemies and there is more coming! They are constantly updating this game. Also it is never the same run every run, You will always find new weapons and tools with different dungeon layouts and boss orders, you can almost never get bored with the game always having a new run to offer along with amazing music."
,Recommended,247080,18844047,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Shirt,IF YOU HATE YOURSELF LIKE I DO GET THIS GAME.
76561198071542709,Recommended,247080,12193943,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ipkcle,"One of the best roguelikes I've ever played. It has something not many rogelikes have: a fast pace, and it is combined with the classic roguelike grid movement style to make a really fun experience."
,Recommended,247080,12820103,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Tonicscientist,so....much fun in the little time ive played so far UGH
,Recommended,247080,12563046,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Tiler,"not really a traditional roguelike, but its a cool spin on the concept. the beat-and-pattern based gameplay means you need to be able to think ahead or at least get a good feel for things. if you enjoy the methodical nature of your standard roguelike, then you might want to pass. watch a bit of the game in action and youll know pretty quick if youll like it or not."
76561198032943425,Recommended,247080,12872314,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,VectorX,"I'll admit, I was a bit skeptical of this game when I first started.  I loved DDR and I love roguelikes, but to mix the two?  What fresh madness was this?  THIS WAS THE EPIC MUSIC MADNESS OF THE DEEP!  The music is energetic and fun, the game is easy to learn and the tutorial is short (seriously, VERY short, but all you need to know).The game is most certainly a roguelike, no saves, randomized layouts and drops.  But that's just the beginning.  Your ability to sync your movements to the beat isn't just a gimmick.  This mechanic rewards you with things like coin bonuses for the long combos you can create as you dance through the levels.  It requires you to plan while you move, if you stop, you miss a beat and you lose your combo.The game is simple and addicting.  You never feel too bad about dying because you use the rewards you gained from the previous play to help you on your next, simply perpetuating your endless jimmy through the dark tunnels as you slay monsters with  your dance moves and your beat only legend can recount.A bit pricey at $15.  I bought it on sale and it was well worth the money.  If you love roguelikes and love awesome soundtracks, it could very well be worth the money.  If you're on the fence, wait for a sale and jump on the deal like Jon Travolta on a disco beat."
,Recommended,247080,14148286,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,하나님,Absolutely love the beat and the mechanics of the game are superb and challenging nuff' said
,Recommended,247080,19504441,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ksempac,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is about delving into a dungeon, but you're doing so in synch with the current's level music : every action you take must be on the beat, any missed beat is slightly penalized, and enemies also move on the beat.Yet, to call Crypt of the Necrodancer ""dungeon delving with music"" would be to sell it short. A far better description would be ""tactical turn-based game, except the turns happen on the beat"". Crypt of the Necrodancer has you dancing around monsters in order to kill everything while taking as little damage as possible. You know all the monsters' patterns, there is no luck involved, it's just a matter of perfecting your counter patterns. Even the music aspect has been toned down a bit to ensure you focus more on the tactical aspect: the game doesn't require pinpoint accuracy to hit the beat, there is a fair beat of leaway, contrary to games that are purely about hitting beats (such as Dance Dance Revolution, Osu, etc...).The best example of how the game isn't just a ""game with a music gimmick"" is the ""Bard"" character. Once you've played a bit, you will unlock new characters, which are new modes of play. And Bard's mode is actually being able to play without having to worry about the beat: whenever you take an action, the ennemies do too, which mean you can play as fast or as slow as you want. And yet, despite not being time-pressured, it's still a fair and interesting challenge to play and finish a Bard's playthrough.The game is hard, but is also very fair. As I said, everything is known, and the game lobby offers several ways to train yourself and gather informations on enemies in a stressless manner. So after that, once you think you've learned everything you needed, you can delve into the musical dungeon, and then all hell break loose. You know skeletons raise theirs arms before moving, and yet, in the stress of having to move constantly, you keep moving towards skeletons with raised arms, and then getting damaged. It's going to take a lot of practice to become good and finish the game.But well, practicing is so much fun in this game. The graphics are great, with cute zombies dancing around, skeletons swaying their hips while moving towards you, etc. All the characters have very nicely done animations and attention to details. It also has good replayability, thanks to the randomly generated dungeons and items. Each weapon has its own strenghs and weaknesses and really change how you're going to approach each ennemy. And finally the last, but greatest element...the music.The OST for this game has been done by none other than Danny Baranowsky, one of the most famous guy in the small world of indie video game music. If you've played Super Meat Boy, Desktop Dungeons, Canabalt, or the Binding of Isaac, you already know how awesome his music is. If you don't i highly recommend checking its music on Bandcamp. I actually bought Crypt of the Necrodancer's OST months before actually buying the game. Each track is a marvel, each world has its own music soundscape, and there is a lot of music-related surprise to find while playing the game.TLDR : This game is awesome, if you like hard tactical games, buy it, and also buy the soundtrack on Bandcamp :)"
76561198046533401,Recommended,247080,15706661,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,primoaurelius,"freaking amazing concept. a dancy roguelike. custom music and mods adds an amazing amount to the game. even music that you think might not sound right, ends up being really fun to play along to. however, this doesnt mean that the music that is provided is bad, because its not. the 2 or 3 OSTs that are provided are really awesome as well, with an electronic/dance feel to them. each and every enemy has its own individual pattern that you can learn to help you devise tactics to stay alive, but you have to think quick to keep up with the beat. items, spells, and weapons of all kinds are used and found  throughout the game to take on enemies in new and different ways. highly recommend it for its originality."
,Recommended,247080,19260235,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ben,"Great game! Rhythm-based dungeon crawling. My biggest problem with most classic rogue likes is that I take too long to take my move, making the whole game too tedious. Crypt of the Necrodancer avoids this problem entirely and organically with its unique turn system. Really fun."
,Recommended,247080,19276835,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Godot,"The screenshots and videos don't do the game justice.  Everything you and the enemies do is to the beat.  The controls are incredibly simple.  Even the enemy patterns are simple.  That is why everything comes together in such beautiful complexity, greater than the sum of its parts.In short, it's a rhythm game in a roguelike's skin.  You're always getting a bit further, helping yourself proceed with each new attempt.  The game is difficult but fair.  Deaths will happen but they are always your fault.  However, you will eventually succeed and you will jump right back in for more.Buy this game.Play this game.Listen to the game's music at work, school, or in the car.Live the game.Dance for your life."
,Recommended,247080,19227869,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,HimmyJendrix,Everytime when this game was on sale i was thinking of buying it just because of the glorious reviews and every time i didn't becaus i didn't think it would be my thing (i was wrong so very very wrong) I love this game it's fun it's fast it's hard but not frustrating. use your own music to make the game even more fun.
,Recommended,247080,17682667,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Kalkylator Per,Awesome game!Awesome music!What more do you need?
76561198002969787,Recommended,247080,19114541,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Ronin,My new favorite indie rogue-like! Proof that fun gameplay trumps graphics every time.Move your character in rhythm to the music to defeat a plethora monsters who each have their own rhythym-based attack patterns. Use coins and diamonds to purchase temporary and permanent character upgrades. Use your shovel to dig break down walls and find hidden rooms and treasure.Crypt of the Necrodancer is well worth the price of entry and will keep you entertained for hours or short bursts.
,Recommended,247080,15508908,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Garlyle Wilds,"No joke, this was one of my favourite games of 2014.In theory, this is a really simple game.  Grid-based roguelikes have been done before.  The real seller of Crypt, however, is the impact of the game being set to music and moving rhythmically.Unlike a lot of similar games, Cryptforcesyou to learn and memorize patterns and react fast and skillfully, instead of spending forever mulling through cluttered inventories for the exact item to get you out of your situation.  It's about speed, snap decisions, and learning, and above all is completely fair -everythingin the game could be handledflawlesslywith just your starting equipment.There's a lot of other aspects that are strengths to it.  Mechanically, the game reaches an incredible level of play diversity, not just from the vastly different playable characters.  It also comes from the fact the massive pool of items arerarelyjust a straight upgrade over one another, and instead have different strengths, weaknesses, and benefits.  Presentation wise the game's super slick, charmingly animated, and the music is bloody amazing too.Do the thing.  Get the game.  It's amazing."
76561197990232915,Recommended,247080,13708066,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,speedhedgehog,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a clever, addictive rhythm game and dungeon crawler mash-up, refreshing and definitely worth more than what I ended up paying for it during this Winter Sale. I am ecstatic to see such creative, inspired titles earn the love and respect (and business) of the Steam community. It deserves it and then some.Is this my first review? I think it is. Definitely worth the effort.My girlfriend doesn't care for this game, but she's has a severe aversion to rhythm games. With that said, this is the kind of game that forming an opinion about simply requires watching some gameplay - you'll know once you see it. It has a good heart, a good beat and a good future."
,Recommended,247080,20822914,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,- KureiKeii -,Where beat meets dungeon.Nothing is imposible.Go get your gear. (Headphones Recommended)Raise the volume until max.Enter the dungeon.Rekt.10/10 - Best indie rhythm game! I personally love it. :)
,Recommended,247080,21270905,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Turtle OS 10,"One, two, three, four, aah, AAAH, AARGH! ♥♥♥♥!Crypt of the Necrodancer is a beautifully crafted mix between a rhythm game and a tile-based roguelike. You play as one of several characters who are forced to move to the beat of a catchy soundtrack, each with their own quirk to make the game frustrating, painful, and gloriously addictive. Everything can be done using a single set of four context-sensitive buttons. Just press a direction to move, attack, or dig in that direction, and the game will pick the action most conducive to progress. That, of course, doesn't mean you're not going to die. Through the pressure of moving to the beat, you're going to make stupid decisions, and they will be entirely your fault. Every enemy telegraphs their moves and attacks in a predictable pattern, and if you end up cornered by three enemies and your back to a wall, you only have yourself to blame.Every zone has three floors and a boss. The stairs to the next floor are only opened by defeating the miniboss, but you can fall through a trapdoor at the song's end to get to the next floor, if you don't mind the miniboss and several other monsters following you down, forcing you to kill it before you can actually explore the floor.Each boss has their own quirks. King Conga skips the eigth beat, and if you miss a step he'll get off his throne and charge at you. Deep Blues is a literal chessboard, swarming you with pieces that you must clear out before the King stops running away. Coral Riff floods the area, creating water tiles that stop you from moving if you step in them. Death Metal works through several phases at the pace of the fastest song in the game.And, of course, there are the story bosses in the last zone if you're playing as Cadence, Melody, or Aria. Fight the Necrodancer and reclaim your freedom!You can choose to start at any zone after the furthest you've finished, at the cost of not being able to complete more than one zone at a time, or take a top-to-bottom all zones run that starts you with no character upgrades. Completing and exploring individual zones rewards you with diamonds, which allow you to upgrade your character, unlock equipment, spells, and weapons, or buy items to start with in your next zone run.Of course, unlocking items just means you can find them in your next runs! This is a roguelike after all, and every sword, armor, ring, and spell has to be found in the Crypt itself for you to use them.Play as Melody and only attack when moving! Don't get cornered!Play as Eli and blast your enemies to bits... if you don't blow yourself up first!Play as Dove and friendship the monsters away... for a while before they mob you!Play as Monk and find even more ways to die, since you can't touch money!Play as Dorian and realize that moving two spaces at once is more frustrating than helpful!Play as Bolt and learn that double speed is somehow both faster and slower than you expect!Play as Aria and discover that perfect rhythm is even harder when you gotta stay alive too!Play as Bard and move to your own beat... coward.And, once you've done all that, play as Coda, the Monk-Bolt-Aria hybrid. That's all the description you need. Good luck!Overall rating: 4/4 time."
,Recommended,247080,20436961,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Stellaryu,"Feel the rythmn flow through your soul as you slay lots o' Bestiaries!Wellllllll, not much to say really as anything I wanna review about has already been explained... [RNG's sooooooo unforgiving, though.] </3 ;_;Buuuuut you'll definitely love the vocal cords of this epicly singing Shopkeeper! (He's really awesome.)Also, the gameplay'sverydifficult n' all that jazz (I'm looking at you Aria!) But still aaaaaa! Epic soundtrack, with the rest of the extra covers of the OST to spice up the groovin'. Oh, and mod/workshop support too! :P11.1/10!- Highly recommended to anyone's who's slightly in this type of genre - not forgetting the DDR pad too! ;D"
,Recommended,247080,16349292,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,huangmenji,WHERE IS ONLINE CO-OP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????????????????????
,Recommended,247080,22030881,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,rich homie ling,"Intricate, deep, amazing music, and overall one of the best experiences I've had in a video game in my life. Cannot recommend enough!"
,Recommended,247080,21899426,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,maugister,"It's a fun take on the roguelike genre. As a musician I really enjoy the way rhythm is incorporated in to the game mechanics. However I'd love to be able to somehow define the rhythm interpretation of the custom tunes, because I'd love to utilize some more progressive tunes in the game as well :)After a while it starts to become a bit repetitive and frustrating, but it offers quite good fun for some time at least. Interesting and definitely a bit different game from the others, so definitely recommended to check out especially if you are a musician!"
,Recommended,247080,17533786,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,ireallylikegreen,This game makes my boring lectures at Uni infinitely less boring.
,Recommended,247080,21554992,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,bopp,"this game's soundtrack is beyond goodi've been unconsciously bobbing my head to the rhythm of any song i come across for two, bordering on three monthsevery single day i get one of the songs from this game stuck in my head at least seven timesdon't use the excuse that you can't keep a beat, this game will teach you by smashing your face into the dirtwhy have you not bought it yet"
,Recommended,247080,13158719,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Karunamon,"Another day, another roguelike. This one has a very unique and downright fun mechanic - move to the music! Every move you make, every attack you make, needs to be on time with the (very well done, and very enjoyable) background track. Stay on beat and get more money to buy upgrades, miss beats, get attacked and probably get dead.Watch the intro video for a quick idea of how this works.Gamewise, this is your average roguelike dungeon crawler. It is fun, and the music mechanic is enough to carry the game through its few shortfalls, Bear in mind that this is early access and there is a decent amount of missing content. Many upgrades are not available, and one entire dungeon did not exist at time of writing.Recommend steering clear of the the ""add your own music"" feature, because frankly, it's crap. Beats continuing through silence, they're not detected accurately, and so on. The pack-in tracks are good enough that you won't want to do this anyways.That said, those minor issues aside, I really recommend this game in spite of the unfinished-ness. If this game is this good at this stage in its development, really, it can only get better. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,247080,20987605,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,</Path>,"This game is amazing and you should buy it.It can be loaded with your own music, but I never bothered because the original music is excellent, and works incredibly well.The game has a bit of a learning curve for the first few minutes. My advice would be after playing for a few lives to go through the tutorial. It will teach you the basics in a trial by fire."
,Recommended,247080,19492039,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,A Cake Wearing A Hat,"I feel like, with 590 hours, it's time for me to review this game.+Literally my favorite overall soundtrack of all time.  There is not a single song that I don't thoroughly enjoy.+Extremely fun and addictive gameplay, if you couldn't tell from the 590 hours.+There's something to do for all people, no matter the level of skill.  Unless you REALLY suck, that is, in which case, stick with bard zone 1 runs.  You might win one day.+Competetive leaderboards for speedrunners, scorerunners, or just people who can reliably win at characters.+Has a very nice subreddit community.+The shopkeeper sings to the music.  WHO DOESN'T LOVE THE SHOPKEEPER?+Very good if you like dying.+Good variation of weaponry and combat styles, with one or two completely impractical yet overpowered joke items thrown in for fun.-I would suggest not buying this game if you're an achievement hunter.  I'm relatively sure that nobody has ever achieved Lowest of the Low, due to the sheer luck and difficulty involved in doing so.-Help me.  I can't stop.-This game is hard as balls.  Does that count as a negative?-THIS GAME IS TOO ADDICTIVE HELP ME10/10, would have my lifeless corpse be enslaved by the necrodancer again."
,Recommended,247080,20254766,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mao Zedong,王老菊教你含笑半步癫 lol
,Recommended,247080,16530575,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Drill Doggo,Crypt of the Necrodancer is an incredibly fun and addicting rythym-based rougelike game. The music it comes with is incredible and easy to keep track of the beat with. I can recommend this game to anyone who likes rythym games or rougelikes.
,Recommended,247080,20471774,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Į͙͙̳͍̭͔͈́̈́́́̑͢͞vy,Amazing Game... Good Content... Replayability! Gameplay Is Great! Overall Good!
,Recommended,247080,21816984,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,torrentlord,An incredibly addictive game with great music and gameplay. And it's still challenging after playing more than 100 hours!
,Recommended,247080,21750164,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,b0ss,"Game is great, challenging yet simple. Would definately recommend when asked for music game. Hope they can improve the custom music"
76561198025179962,Recommended,247080,20501125,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,farnsworthiness,Awesome.  Buy it.  Don't wait for a sale.
,Recommended,247080,20493112,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Imperator,Games like these is the reason why I love indie games.
76561197995105255,Recommended,247080,20517911,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Quaznar,"Good dungeon crawling, good music. Skill curve, check. Reasonably ramping difficulty, check. Well pun'd monster names, double check. This game is everything you see on the box, so if you like the look of it, you won't be dissapointed."
76561197998647125,Recommended,247080,20544323,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Ominousfiber,"The game is only part of it. Holy crap, this soundtrack... Sometimes, something comes along with a gimmick that you love. I love Freddie Merchantry. I sing along with him.ProsGenuinely unique rhythm based roguelike.Amazing soundtrack (Jules tracks aren't my fav but they're still good)You can use a dance pad. A freaking dance pad.Base game has lots of options to change gameplay (upgrades, janitor, characters), workshop content goes even farther.Great artwork and sound.ConsDifficulty ramps up to 11 after completing the majority of the story, Aria is quite difficult.Sometimes you want to play a game, but you're distracted or feeling out of it so your rhythm or skill is off. This is one of those games you can't really play in those times.The initial difficulty curve of playing a roguelike to rhythm may put off some players. (Bard is here to help! Play him to the beat, stop moving when you need to think about your movement.)I fully recommend getting this game and its soundtracks for full price or discount. It's completely worth it, discounted or not, fan of rhythm games or roguelikes or not, player of indie games or not. I have 27 hours played, but by now well over 200 hours listening to the music from this game."
,Recommended,247080,22324772,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Jexington,"Let me just say, I didn't really know what I was getting into when I first bought the game. I thought ""oh, it's just going to be a fun little rythem game that I could easily beat"". I was so wrong. It was a game that was easy to learn and hard to master. The first zone was actually more difficult then I expected, but I beat it without troble. By the time zone 3 came, I was just about to throw my controller. But, I kept going, kept persisting and eventually I beat all of the zones. But, the replability comes in with new characters with differnt atributes that kept me coming back to play again. This game is harder then I thought, but it was definitly worth my money.Pros:-Fun, simple rythem game.-Ability to use custom music. (Just hearing Weird Al sing Bukingham Blues on the Deep Blues boss was sooooooooooooooo satisfying.)-Tons of differnt characters to unlock.-All zones mode to dare the experanced players.-Clean, pixel graphics.-Awsome music. (There are three versions too!)Cons:-Needs more weapons/items to unlock, I basicly got them all once I reached zone 3 with my first character.-Needs an online co-op (Local feels like multiplayer in the 90's)-Needs a better interface on the level creator. (I found it slightly annoying actually, you have to use the arrow keys, enter and delete and it quickly got tedious.)Overall I give this game 9/10. I had a lot of fun with it and it has the potential to pack in a ton more hours."
,Recommended,247080,14761625,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Jellybean,"This game is worth the money!Not only is the soundtrack awesome, but the fact that you're forced to move, attack or use items at the rhythm of the music, makes you feel like a badass.Slicing up monsters to the beat of the music is the best!"
,Recommended,247080,18355903,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Pixel Mariachi,"OH MY GOD.Finally, a game that is exactly what i like:-Rhythm-Pixel graphics-Very good soundtrack and it has different remixes (rock, electro and the nomral one)-Dungeons-Random seeds-Arcade-Permanent upgrades-And the seller sings like opera!What's better than that? If you like just 3 of this things, buy it. JUST DO IT!"
,Recommended,247080,15510110,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Smokepipe,Decent.
76561198118388543,Recommended,247080,30718598,Posted: 24 March,all,GodBorn,oddly fun dancing for your life.
,Recommended,247080,24602867,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,CobaltBW,"Very accessible roguelike. Some characters are more forgiving or unforgiving than others by design, and there's also a beatless character that plays like old-fashioned roguelikes if you're not quite sold on the concept yet.Also Virt made a soundtrack for this game, which makes it an instant win."
76561198114203803,Recommended,247080,21763658,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Bazinga!,"So, I bought this game a while ago after I had it on my wishlist for too long. And I have to say: I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!It's hard, it's frustrating but it also is pure awesomeness. After 7 hours of playing, I finally managed to beat Zone 1. Yes, it took me that long. Everytime I had a good run, this game kicked my butt and I died. And since it's rogue-like, you have to start from the beginning after every death.Normally I get really frustrated with games like this, but Crypt of the NecroDancer does everything right! Awesome music, awesome design, awesome gameplay.Most times playing it, after 1 or 2 hours I took a break, because it made me crazy to die over and over again. But I always try again. So I totally recommend it!GO!BUY IT!IT'S AWESOME!"
,Recommended,247080,12296670,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Feeble,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a dungeon - crawler with rogue - like elements... Yeah, I know. Go ahead. Sigh if you want to. It's okay. I'll wait.Yes, it's true. We're currently in a market hugely oversaturated with ""dungeon-crawling roguelike"" titles. But unlike many other games of its genre, NecroDancer manages to stand out and hold its own with its unique and very fun spin on the familiar idea.The premise is simple enough. You enter the first floor of a procedurally-generated dungeon, moving in four cardinal directions, fighting various monsters and finding random treasure items such as weapons, armor, spells and consumables. On each floor of the dungeon there's a shopkeeper you can do business with.Sounds very familiar, right? Well this is where NecroDancer does things differently. Everything you do in the dungeon, such as moving, fighting, using items, and digging through walls... you have to synchronize with the beat of the music. All of the enemies follow this rule too, and as a result you have a system that's fairly easy to pick up and very satisfying to master and tinker with. On your first few runs you'll be so concerned with keeping the beat that you'll just throw yourself headfirst into enemies and traps, but you'll soon improve the point where timing yourself and enemies is second nature, and you'll beat the boss... only to have this cycle repeat itself in the new area you've unlocked. The game has a short and simple tutorial that explains how to play, but you'll have to learn the rest for yourself.Each run of the game gives you a newly generated layout, but between runs you have a sort of hub where you can unlock upgrades (very similar to something like Rogue Legacy), change characters, and train against monsters and bosses. Additionally, there's a daily challenge dungeon available to everyone.Music-wise, each floor of the dungeon has its own BGM. You can set the music to any MP3 you have on your computer (which works very well), but I kept going back to the original music because it's awesome. The default BGM fits the game perfectly.NecroDancer has full controller support, but doesn't really explain it. If you're using a 360 controller like I am, Use (A, B, X, and Y) to move in their respective cardinal directions. This applies to menus too, with B as confirm and X as back. My one qualm with this game so far is this somewhat awkward menu control.Overall, I would highly recommend Crypt of the NecroDancer to anyone. Whether you're a big fan of the genre or just someone looking for a fun title, it has something for you. NecroDancer is definitely worth its price tag.P.S.It's only in alpha and it's already this goodIt made it out of early accessP.P.S. Do I even need to mention the awesome cheesy pun in the title?P.P.P.S. You can even hook this game up to a USB dance pad, like something you'd use to play Dance Dance Revolution. I don't have one, and even if I did I'm far too lazy / would probably have a heart attack if I tried but STILL. YOU CAN DO THAT."
76561198075825738,Recommended,247080,17425446,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,setsuna711,"If you like opera-singing shopkeepers, digging hella holes, saying ""just one more game"", and wanting to type to the rhythm of the music then this is the game for you. If you don't like those things then I'm sorry that you don't like fun :/Gameplay 7/10 - While the game itself is fun it is also very challenging and is often frustratingMusic 11/10 -  You will catch yourself humming the music I guarantee it.Personal Enjoyment 10/10 - Nothing feels better than killing break dancing mummy babies on a disco floor."
,Recommended,247080,12728995,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,CaioKen,"I love rhythm games, but I would never expect to explore a dungeon while playing one.And now I can't stop!Just awesome!!"
,Recommended,247080,19314062,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Your Girlfriend,guy made a mod that makes the characters nude.
,Recommended,247080,12284710,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Tesseract,"The best music around, coupled with the best music integration since Audiosurf, wrapped nicely into a roguelike dungeon crawler with plenty of depth.My biggest complaint is that there aren't any extra songs past the default for each level. You can have the game play any song you load, but the ingame music is so perfect that I wish they made more to choose from.RECOMMENDED for people who like dungeon crawlers or rhythm games.ESPECIALLY RECOMMENDED for people who like both.LESS RECOMMENDED for people who dislike permadeath. Everything can be countered, but you'll die a lot of times figuring out how."
76561197974918795,Recommended,247080,27736022,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Elysian,"Crypt of the necrodancer is a game that successfully combines the rogue-like genre and the rhythm game genre.At first you will die a lot but don't let this discourage you. Once you get used to the enemies and items you'll notice yourself get better at this game and having more fun along the way. Once you finished the game with cadance (the first main character), you'll get access to other characters who will introduce new ways of playing the game. So there is more than enough content to keep you going in this game.The music in this game is great and you have the possibility to add your own music if you want. Also the shopkeeper singing along is just the best thing in the world.The controls are nice and smooth. I would recommend playing with a controller or a dance pad.All things considered, this game is definitely worth buying if your either into rogue-like or rhythm games and a no brainer if you are into both genres."
,Recommended,247080,15675154,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ベジータ,OMG its like awesome and♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247080,11631996,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Веселый озорной,"Dark Souls difficulty, but this game is a PIECE OF ART.One of the best games I played in a looong time.Be ready to feel the rhyme, calculate your steps and fight tons of monsters."
,Recommended,247080,13093409,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Skallagrim,"Really great rythm-based dungeon crawler with ctachy music. You move and attack with the arrow keys, which has to be in sync with the beat in order to keep the combo going. This makes the combat unique and interesting. When you have completed the game, however (which does take quite some time) you only have the hardcore mode that can be interesting. Every floor has a theme, and the order is constant, so hardcore mode is basically the same as the ""story"" mode,   the only difference being you have to start from the very beginning in hardcore. Even though hardcore mode is challenging, it is repetitive. This would be the only factor playing against a great score in my book. If only the floors could be shuffled, or maybe even mixed...8/10 so far. I'll update when the full release is here."
,Recommended,247080,11570157,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Deathly Strawberry Unicorn,This is the best rhythm game I have ever played in my life and I have played a lot of rhythm games. It's a rogue-like RPG created around your OWN music. Not only that but the music the games provides you is top notch. The game is also nice to people who are bad at keeping rhythm by being very forgiving - so rhythm noobs can still play this game. This game is great; if you like rhythm games even a little you should buy it.
76561198012098280,Recommended,247080,13615821,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,AmateurHour,"The only thing better than this game are the devs, who update the game with major improvements often and consistently. I got it on sale for like $11, but this game is worth way more than that because it will only get better in the future."
,Recommended,247080,14509190,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,OneRoguishMuffin,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is the game where you think you're good at beating down monsters to the beat... then you unlock hardcore mode. You think of this as impossible as Zone 3 is one giant zerg rush of skeleton horses and elemental enemies. Nonetheless you try it anyway and manage to get some decent gear. Then a red dragon comes along and says ""♥♥♥♥ you!"" and you get one shot by a fireball because you can't do the sacred red dragon dance at that moment. (That's my life, i cri evertim ;;)But seriously, this game is amazing in many aspects. It's hard to find a game where a particular character dies from picking up GOLD, of all things! Since the levels are randomly generated there is no true pattern to the game and permanent death is indeed a thing. So that guy that dies from picking up gold? He's no exception, better watch your step! Oh yeah, and the only way you can move/attack/dig/open chests is by hitting the arrow key in the direction that you want to go on the beat of the song that's playing. There's a nice little tutorial in-game for that, though.However, there is one thing that bugs me about Crypt of the Necrodancer. That is, the diamonds that are used to purchase items to be put into the item pool for non-hardcore runs. It would make more sense to have everything unlocked already, like hardcore does, but you are forced to buy it using diamonds you find during non-hardcore runs. It's a bit more harmful than helpful and everything should just be unlocked for you to use when it's found.Despite that, this game is well worth your time. I've got 60+ hours and counting clocked into Crypt of the Necrodancer and it's not like I'll be stopping anytime soon. If you like challenging games, get this game. If you like rogue-likes, get this game. If you like rhythm based games, get this game. The point is, just buy the freaking game! What're you waiting for? Scroll back up and click that ""Add to cart"" button!"
,Recommended,247080,13195819,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Karyu,"Possibly my favorite game this year.Good music combined with a great gameplay design, and immersive enough to make me tilt to the beats as my character moves makes it justperfectin my opinion.Curse those red bats!"
76561198040755860,Recommended,247080,11606409,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Roors99,"This game takes everything that's good about roguelikes and rythym games and combines them, wrapping the package up with excellent music from Danny Baranowsky, the same guy who did the music for Super Meat Boy and the Binding of Isaac.Even with the little time I've spent with the game, it still feels worth it."
76561197993854020,Recommended,247080,15596818,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DogMeat,Easily the best roguelike I've ever played.
,Recommended,247080,13727754,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,darke_shard,"I'm not sure what's more insane: that Crypt of the NecroDancer combines dance/rhythm games with roguelike RPGs, or that it manages to pull it off in such an entertaining way.I found myself entranced by the seamless combination of music beats and keyboard tapping as I hopped through dangerous dungeons. I encountered cleverly designed enemies and challenges that tested my brains as much as they tested my skill. Even though the roguelike level of difficulty meant I died many times, I'd jump straight back onto that deadly dancefloor for another tango with trouble. Why, I could barely stop myself from playing this game just so I could write this review.Oh no, the music is starting again. The dance... the dance must go on!"
76561198085533153,Recommended,247080,15225933,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,"Spooky Balloonicorn, The Spook",You like to dance?  Do you not dance all that much? Then this game will make you a dance slave! Buy It Or Else Ill Force You To Dance!
76561197980879987,Recommended,247080,11526858,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Rödman,"Makers of this game is thinking outside the box, me like!highly addicting !"
,Recommended,247080,13063322,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Cyfarwydd,"This a game I can open wherever I am on my laptop and just jam out while gaming. The game is simple and addictive. The music is awesome. And the dungeons, even when you beat the levels overall, continue to be a challenge.The price is a little high, but if you can get it on sale, definitely do it!"
,Recommended,247080,13165353,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Grandma,This game helped me find my audio latency. thx11/10
76561198124775260,Recommended,247080,14300025,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Pokeciv,"If your not a big fan of rythym games like myself, you'll still find this game tons of fun! The huge, randomly generated dungeons filled with enemies, items, and power-ups along with an amazing soundtrack make this game absolutely worth the money."
,Recommended,247080,13746146,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Cirom,"Roguelikes meet Rhythm Games - you wouldn't think that these genres would mix, but Crypt of the NecroDancer does it and does it WELL. And, unlike normal Rhythm Games, you're NOT outright being told the key combinations you need to put in.. so that's a plus in my books.This game pretty much suddenly came in and swiped my personal GOTY 2014. It's that fun! ;D"
,Recommended,247080,15604613,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,mrblah9990,"DDR meets Spelunkey.Shopkeepers sing along to the music.Fight a chess-themed boss.Murder or get murdered.And DANCE to fantastic music!Yes.The beats are much more forgiving than a standard rhythm game, and if even those are too hard, there's a Bard character that eliminates the need for beats entirely. The weapons are balanced to be more than just extra numbers taped on to a sword (most change your attack pattern) and permenant upgrades help out a lot in later levels.9/10 Gameplay10/10 Originality300/10 Soundtrack+1 Title Pun+1 Singing Shopkeepers+1 Import custom musicTotal: 322/30 (Must buy if you're at all interested in this kind of thing)"
,Recommended,247080,15195794,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Sonic Rays,"\o\ /o/ \o\ I'M UNDER THE NECRODANCER'S SPELL, DON'T HELP ME /o/ \o\ /o/"
76561198008109819,Recommended,247080,13872891,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,OzoneGrif,"You buy it now! I mean it.This is a concept game, and an incredibly good idea!Four keys are required to play, the arrows, nothing else. And with these four keys, you will ""dance"" on the music toward victory! or a quick death... Every step you take is a move, an attack, or a special action. On a slow music, you have about one move per second, a lots of time to think and make the best choice... but on a fast music, your reflexes will be challenged because the smallest error can kill you.The game offers many different items, all offering different advantages. The strategical value here is to know when to buy or not an item depending on your situation. Every game feels different with the random dungeons and you will never get bored playing.The game also displays many different monsters, all with a unique AI. Some are easy, you will love them; some are nasty, and you will hate them. The game doesn't force you to kill all ennemies of course, only one : the boss... but killing ennemies give you gold, and gold give you better objects. You will have to decide all the time if you risk it or not... quick! You have one music beat to decide! Oh too late... :)"
76561198007013350,Recommended,247080,12477221,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,ChaoticDan,"When it comes to Early Access games, it can be hit or miss, most are bare bones and can be left unfinished, but others can be real gems that show the quality and talent indie games are known for, this is one of them, a game that already feels complete and plays very well, but hats off to the developers who wish to improve this game more to the best that it can be.High Points:  The controls are tight and responsive. The level design is always different, and yet the levels overall are kept rather short and rather straightforward, which is a big plus for these kinds of games. The variety of items and unlockables to get help encourage you to continue playing over and over again. The music, no doubt the highlight of the game, the music is addicting, enjoyable and will get stuck in your head for hours.Critique: As it stands at the moment, the game is pretty solid, but there is always room for improvment.1. More variety in items - If there is one thing Binding of Isaac has shown, is that with a large variety of items that all work differently, it helps make every playthrough different, with different items everytime, so it'd be nice to have something new other then rings, boots and such.2. Floor gimmicks - It'd be interesting if on all floors of other then the boss floor, there was a chance of a gimmick happening that can change the whole experience, like being chased by an invincible enemy, having no map to use, line of sight restricted, or even having a larger level the normal.3. More traps - I think some more traps might be needed to spice up the gameplay, like spin tiles to mess up the controls, moving traps that follow a set path, and perhaps traps that trigger if you move into their line of sight.Overall: I feel overall this game is looking really good, and I know when it finally comes out, it'll be a big hit.8.5/10"
,Recommended,247080,13324049,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,00Chicken,"played this game, danced this game, woke up the next morning and was a dacing skeleton. 10/10 would rattle again."
76561197990539479,Recommended,247080,13711271,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Guinea Pig Emperor,"So far the most FUN for my money I've ever got from a game here. If you like roguelikes, quick to pick up yet hard to master arcade games, rhythm games, or any variation of these, you owe it to yourself to check out Crypt of the NecroDancer. You won't be disappointed.+ the fact that you can use your own music easily and that the graphics can be easily modded even by a 5-year-old is an awesome added bonus."
,Recommended,247080,15622462,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,fizzix,"such a good game :)difficult, dark souls type learning AI to progress flawlessly, with an awesome soundtrack, well done A_Rival!only a few hours in, but ive never had so much fun dying."
,Recommended,247080,15570972,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,CheesyPotato,"Literally can't find anything wrong with this game.By far one of the best game's I've played, ever."
,Recommended,247080,24308207,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Asparagus,"10/9, would bob head and hum while playing...Music is to DIE for, gameplay is to LIVE for...Basically you die from ear-gasm and be brought back to life with the beat... once you go Necrodancer you keep Necrodancing..."
,Recommended,247080,22054429,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Fluffy Tail Toucher,Was fun playing as Bard. Trying with cadence was like bashing my face into a wall in zone 4 over and over. It's good but I guess monster girls just don't got no rhythm. #swagless
,Recommended,247080,22056595,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Duskus,This game has the most badass granny ever.
,Recommended,247080,27790975,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Donald,Danny Baranowsky's Soundtrack is AMAZING in this game! It never got boring during the frustration filled hours it took me to beat some levels to make progress. And oh that sweet satisfaction you get when finishing those harder levels.
,Recommended,247080,27858605,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ryalis,"Great music, great game. Soon you'll start doing everything to the beat"
,Recommended,247080,27752430,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JereTheJuggler,One of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,247080,26946222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeathEvader,Best shopkeeper ever
,Recommended,247080,26912212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Essorrac,"It's quite simple :- incredible music. really. incredible.- deep gameplay (objects, synergies, characters)-> hours of rythm'n'fun."
76561198058766319,Recommended,247080,27511694,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lodugh,Crypt of the Necrodancer was the first and is maybe still the only rythm based rogue-like game out there and it does it's job very good. The soundtrack is great and you could say that you are kind of dancing through the levels. However the difficulty is pretty high.
76561198092571833,Recommended,247080,27759455,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Evldiomedes,Nominated For Best Music Category!  This Soundtrack is excellent!
,Recommended,247080,27339407,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ReluctantZombie,Ve-ry. Fun. And. Ad-ic-tive Game.  I real-y enjoy it @#$ missed the beat again.
76561198053652741,Recommended,247080,20553456,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Vending Machine,dying grandma simulator
76561197972411061,Recommended,247080,19963997,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Samantha :],"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a dungeon-crawler game set to the beat of music. The game is divided into 4 zones with several levels in each zone. In each level you must use your arrow keys to move your character in time beat of the music, the longer you can keep in time, the larger bonsues you can get which result in increased gold drops from enemies you defeat. At the end of the song, you are automatically dropped to the next level (or zone boss if you're on the last level of the zone) or you can procede to the next level by finding the stairs which may need to be opened by defeating a tougher enemy, such as a dragon.There are numerous items and weapons you can find and buy which aid you against the foes  you may encounter, from items that heal you, torches which increase your visability and charms which may freeze enemies, as well as many more. Some of these you use by using different key combinations such as down + left or up + right. Different types of weapons may have increased range, heal you if you get a certain number of kills or attack multiple enemies at once (including those positioned diagonally to you).The levels are randomly generated so there is lots of replayability, this does mean you can be screwed over on occasion depending on how certain items and enemies are spawned or not spawned, but that just adds to the fun. The soundtrack from what I've heard so far (still on Zone 1) is good, the music seems to be a kind of funky techno/trance thing, however you can set any of your own music for one or more levels. This can potentially make the game harder or easier. Enya was quite hard, but slaying enemies to the sounds of Werewolves of London by Warren Zevon was fun. As mentioned before, the level ends when the song ends so I would not recommend selecting any of the short tracks that make up the Abbey Road medley by the Beatles for example.Crypt of the NecroDancer is quite a difficult game, especially if you don't have the greatest sense of rythmn. It can be quite easy to die especially if a dragon appears and you're just armed with the starting dagger, but despite dying often, this does not give me the desire to rage quit but rather just to try again and I still find it fun. So despite being hard, for me personally this isn't a bad thing.TLDR:I recommend this game+ Fun, easy to understand which you can+ Funky music as well as the ability to use your own+ Randomly generated levels so you can repeat the same levels time and time again and each time it'll be different+ A good number of characters you can unlock+ Lots of items and weapons you can find and buy, as well as upgrades- Quite hard, I must say *dies again*- There doesn't seem to be a huge number of levels in total"
,Recommended,247080,21958621,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,maltness,help. my head wont stop moving to the beat.
,Recommended,247080,20058909,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,I QUIT GAMING BYE,JAM
76561198119627171,Recommended,247080,19450555,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,I am error,"Do you like rougelikes, rhythm games, adventure games, top down dungeon crawlers, and/or cryptic (Neh heh heh) feeling games, play it. The gameplay consists of moving to the beat of your heart (or music) and only to the beat and figuring out the enemy’s attack patterns. It will take some learning but you'll enjoy dancing while being tortured by this game.Note: Only play this game if you like a challenge and rougelikes. This is rather forgiving for its genre (you can buy upgrades that never go away and only have to redo the stage, not the entire game) and can be appealing to lots of people. Pick it up and give it a try."
,Recommended,247080,20308213,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Blobo,"More addicting than Oreos. There is never a time in which you sincerely feel as though the game has pulled a bullcrap scenario. if you died, it is always your fualt."
,Recommended,247080,20310078,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,VOTE NO,It's very good.
,Recommended,247080,18333062,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Weebs n' Squeebs,My only problem with it is there isn't enought of it.
,Recommended,247080,20988040,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Grizz,"I'm only one hour in and this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. It is extremely hard, but still ♥♥♥♥ing amazing."
,Recommended,247080,20207495,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,☭00sunbro00☭,"-Starts up the game-""wow, this is pretty cool""-Gets 4 diamonds-Uses diamonds-Beats zone one-""Wow, that wasn't easy, but I managed to get through it In about 30 minuets""-looks at clock-It's been 3 hours11/10 Would time travel again."
,Recommended,247080,20746949,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Uhk,10/10 would struggle to play in class again
,Recommended,247080,20770861,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,penguins!,This is the limit of human achievement.
76561198066536646,Recommended,247080,20832837,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,MysterioNebulous,"This game is freaking amazing for music lovers. I play games that have good combat, stories, and/or music. While most I know would be against this game, I am 100% for it. I love the music that goes with each boss and the ability to add custom tracks. And this game will take time adjust to the game play and battle style. So please be patient, unless you're one of those naturally gifted with the ability to keep up with the music the first try. The custom tracks are weird and sorta buggy for certain songs such as ""Maroon 5 - Animals."" I am still unable to beat King Konga cuz his stop on every 8 beats is killing me on his fight. My rating is 9.5 heart pounding beats out of 10."
,Recommended,247080,18402792,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Danker_Pines,you dance and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and music
,Recommended,247080,24114907,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Brendan,It's Dangerous to Dance AloneRouge-Lite games have been done to death within the past couple of years.Retro Aestetic? CheckPermadeath? CheckGenerated Dungeon? CheckWhat makes Crypt of the Necrodancer stand out in my opinion?well..It's rhythm based. I love rhythm based games which was the main reason for me buying this.It's also harder than it looks. In order to move you gotta hit the arrow keys (or whatever button you wish to map to) along with the beat.Unlike some Rouge-Lite's: losing doesnt feel like a waste of time. You just want to return and try to nail the rythm with your finger tips. If you collect enough Diamonds you can buy loot in your lobby and the diamondsremain in your inventory until you restart a new zone.If you somehow are a genius and have perfect rythm and beat the game there's always daily challenges to back once a day to further up your skills.Also if you like the idea of a DDR dance pad then there's a dance pad mode to improve your cardio and dance if you want to be the Patrick Swayze of Crypt of the Nectrodancer.
76561198068603493,Recommended,247080,15505269,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Almighty Over,"Realmente muito bom ,dá pra perder algumas horas com ele !"
,Recommended,247080,27276562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,R.E.D,Amazing concept. Well executed. Love this game already :D 10/10
,Recommended,247080,14058126,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Novibear,can you dance so good you kill the things that go bump in the crypt?I hope so or ou can do what i did and play the bard and just play it like a simple rougue like dubgeon crawler.Great music and more stuff on the way with the sream workshop and the game still being in developement!
,Recommended,247080,14860210,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Asakura_Allen,"Really fun game w/ great BGMs, if u enjoy music games u will surely enjoy this!I never finished level 3...sad, but, really good and smooth game play, simple also."
,Recommended,247080,11762710,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Tarek,This is the best casual rogue-like I ever played.You can only move with the beat.Will see how the final ends up but it is totally worth a buy in its current state
76561198090026955,Recommended,247080,11560556,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,KingDingo3,"As i am writing this please keep in mind this is from the early alpha build so there may be many things yet to be added into the game in the near future.This game is a really good mix of rhythm meets rouge-like rpg, when you begin you have little on you and can only move when the beat hits the sweet spot (or something like that), and as you go deeper into the Crypt, or zones (whatever you prefer), you will meet stronger monsters and newer upgrades, all of which have a unique take of gameplay. Please also note that you will die a few times on your first try but thats ok, when you die you have a chance to spend any gathered diamonds on upgrades or extra items found in chests and then try again. The Crypts/zones are always randomised meaning not every run will be the same, some will be easy as in the exit is right in front of you, other times you would need to fight through a mini-army to exit the place and will bring many challenges for you to face. At the end of each Crypt/zone, ussually on the forth floor, you will face one of three bosses, all of which brings an interesting take to battle.And if you get board with the in-game soundtrack (no idea why since the merchants singing is quite fun) you can always add your own music and try get through with your own beats.So far the alpha has three Crypts/zones with the forth in the making still, but what i've seen the game is really good and i would recommend this game to anyone for how fun its turned out to be.Personally i give this game a 9/10 (c^_^c)"
,Recommended,247080,14307709,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Krod,"I don't always dance, but when I do, It's because I smashed my head on a rock, and a Necrodancer has stolen my heart from my body, pretty much dooming me to live an eternal unlife as a back up dancer for MJ's Thriller or as an extra on Soul Train.Or so I was able to surmise from the very brief intro cartoon.Frankly it's a stupid concept, especially when strapped to something as random and difficult as a rogue-like, and deserves ridicule------Except that this game somehow brings me more actual joy to play than maybe any other game ever!Seriously, pure joy, displayed on my face as I play, a smile I think they call it. I hit the keys to the beat, stretching the limits of my rythmless suburbanite white guy imagination to picture myself laying out a boogie-woogie beatdown in the only way I know how (the sprinkler, the electric slide, the macarena).When I fumble the beat (losing my gold bonus AND my flashing checker dance floor effect) or die to what I'm pretty sure was a zombie elvis, I frown just as hard as I was smiling moments before. But no! It's not over yet Zombie Elvis. This is a rogue-like, baby, so I know I'll be seeing your randomly generated gyrations again real soon. Assuming I dont die to a golem that likes to shimmy and shake it first.I am bad at this game, but I love it, and the music is phenomenal and fun, and the ability to customize the music makes it even better. Next time I throwdown with dancing fantasy creatues I'm gonna queue up that ""These Boots were made for walkin'"" song so they know I mean business,Really, at this point, this game could only dissapoint me if the final form of the last boss isn't Patrick Swayze's ghost. First we'd dance fight a la Dirty Dancing, for my life itself, but If I win it suddenly turns into a romance scene and he and Cadence have to ahhh, glaze some pots together in the lewdest possible way.BUY THIS GAME.The music alone is worth the buy, and hey cool it comes with a game too!"
,Recommended,247080,15357859,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Teslohan,"Original concept, crisp graphics, amazing soundtrack: a well executed game with a lot of promise. Even when it's not on sale, well worth its weight in currency. Pay full-price and support the developers; I can't wait to discover whatever they produce next. :)"
,Recommended,247080,11713385,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Mr.RoBoT,"You might die and rage alot when you play hardcore, but the music always entertains you!"
,Recommended,247080,11486564,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Salohcin,"Unbelievably fun, I can see hours being spent doing local co-op with all my music major friends and even casual bystanders alike."
,Recommended,247080,11499769,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Pullahoko,"Fun, great soundtrack, and hard as Hell.Buy it."
,Recommended,247080,21245517,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,EUGENE V. DABS,I didn't buy this game for the longest time because of the awful ♥♥♥♥ing pun in the name. It's good though
,Recommended,247080,21045456,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DarkDork,This game is almost as hardcore as the groovy jams that play over it are.Great for anyone who likes stratgey and rythm.
,Recommended,247080,19773680,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,[LB] A Can of Sun Drop,"Very fun game to relaxe with. However, almost no compatability with skeletontrumpet.wav, so be warned, and remain dooty in the booty."
,Recommended,247080,21007521,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,✠Nevar,.
,Recommended,247080,26904266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Caio,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is amazing.It is a totally new genre on its own.It has spot on game design choices in terms of  gameplay; a steep and satisfying learning curve; awesome soundtrack and infinite replayability.The enemies, spells, weapons and items overall each bring something to the game and that is really rare.It is hard and unforgiving, but extremely rewarding when you succeed.A must buy if you like dungeon crawling and rythm games."
,Recommended,247080,27392895,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,25 O'clock,say goodbye to your free time. or grades.but hey at least you're gonna have fun
,Recommended,247080,27090040,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CorpusDelicti,"Great game, best soundtrack, addictive!"
76561197989768066,Recommended,247080,27520523,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DeinGehirn,It's like a hidden treasure! 25/25
,Recommended,247080,26766745,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Garsnake,Crypt of the Necro Dancer is a fantastic game. shame i suck at it
,Recommended,247080,26823213,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Progus,"Awesome game, great community and hundreds of hours of fun and overcoming your own challenges."
,Recommended,247080,27258636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hiningenteki,Crypt of the Necrodancer is a great rythm game meshed with dungeon crawling elements. It's my jump in and have a few runs game. Bought it during early access and haven't been disappointed once.
76561198036961373,Recommended,247080,15582796,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ransoogard,"Really great game. Just totally solid from every vantage point. Any review that places this game below at least a 90 in score on Metacritic is either using a 5 star system and doesn't grant half stars or doesn't appreciate the nuances of the gameplay / the difficulty of the game.There is a large breadth of mechanics (there are tons of aspects of play like exploration, timing, resource management, risk/reward, etc) but all of which are approachable. The real startling thing is they have incredible depth and learning the nuances of each one give a decent advantage to the player (spotting loot in wall tiles, having perfect rhythm/decision making while swarmed in constant fractions of seconds, learning to love glass items, when to use a long-hit vs wide-hit weapon, etc). I love roguelikes but rarely find the types that I REALLY love, particularly those that emulate a style of gameplay similar to NetHack while not having any one aspect be broken. The amazing soundtracks on top of a game which is already very easy to appreciate on its own merits is just icing on top of the cake.The difficulty is fine, in spite of a few claims otherwise. Dancepad mode is available for those who need slightly easier play. Altering the music can also allow for slower gameplay too. Hell, there's a character where you can avoid the beat mechanic entirely and which is very obviously there for players to train and get better, get a purer roguelike experience, or just clear the zones as quickly as possible. ANY review that bashes the game for not being easy in the main mode despite the many attempts by the devs to give easier options is just feeding into the mindset that games with hard base difficulty are bad. It's not only not fair but it's also greatly hindering games with permadeath and large death penalties from being developed. Hell, even I can't beat clear the second zone of Spelunky but I can still appreciate it.The only criticism of this game that I found fair was that unlocking the full story requires beating all four zones with three different characters, the last of which is a hardcore player character (one missed beat or any damage and you die and have to restart the zone). With vanilla gameplay, even knowing the game VERY well it borders on being a slight bit unreasonable. Bottom line: if you're not the kind of person who complains about how hard and punishing a /ROGUELIKE/ can be and if you're willing to put in enough time to appreciate the depth of mechanics then you'll love Necrodancer.Get the game. Love it and be a casual player if you'd like. It's perfectly made for that too. But hopefully you'll join in the more competitive scene and see how far the rabbit hole really goes. It could certainly use some action and the game can absolutely support it.Best of luck unlocking Coda."
,Recommended,247080,18696381,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Sweet-Tea,Crypt of the Necrodancer is a game where players must travel through the many stages of the game as Michael Jackson in his quest to save Billie Jean and the Children. Players can spend health points at the benifit of synchronized dancing with the enemies to instantly defeat them. At the end of the game players turn into robo Michael Jackson and face off against the epic final boss in a disco showdown.Are you Bad enough to save Billie Jean and just Beat It?
76561198145872898,Recommended,247080,19228128,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,DodoDude,"I. Can't. Stop. Talk. Ing. And. Stepping. To. The. Beat. Some. One. Please. Send. Help. You'll. Un. Der. Stand. Once. You. Buy. This. Game. Please. Buy. This. Game. To. Feel. My. Bur. Dain.(If you're considering buying this game, don't hesitate. Great game. Seriously.)"
76561198109075180,Recommended,247080,19394540,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,niri11,I like this game so much. very happy about it. recommend buying it.
76561198088849144,Recommended,247080,19572871,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jellybean,"You need to experience this. If you're even slightly interested in this game, get it.I've followed the game since early access and finally picked it up on sale last week. I would have paid full price if I'd known how much I'd enjoy it!It starts off a little bit difficult for me, but there's an easy-mode and tutorial available."
76561198135399863,Recommended,247080,18349045,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Lord Sauron,"This game is amazing, I just got it and I am totally addicted. That being said, you CANNOT play this game for long periods of time. You will lose your mind if you try.  Make one stupid mistake (it happens quite often) and you will get mad at yourself, you get mad at yourself, so you make another stupid mistake, and another, and another, until you realize you have half a heart left. ""Oh crap, I need to be more careful"", 15 seconds later, you get killed by a bat or an armodillo. After you repeat this process a couple more times, it's time to take a break (10 minutes should do) and then it's back into the action.11/10"
,Recommended,247080,18350284,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Macstat,"Addicting combination of rogue type dungeon crawlers and rithm games. Soundtrack is great, pixel art style is fun and on top of that you get custom tracks plus mod support."
,Recommended,247080,18334008,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Ayyvian,"Got killed by abarrel.Seems legit.Loomynarty/10 Would get killed by a barrel again.The actual review: This gameactuallymakes me want to dance on my chair, grooving along with the 16-bit retro-style music.Highly Recommended.This is one of the best indie games I've played this year. Now I no longer feel bad about myself. Despite the difficulty of the game."
,Recommended,247080,18336853,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Kooby,"I just played for like 25 minutes, now i'm browsing at the beat, help"
76561197962078665,Recommended,247080,19096599,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Distaria,"Sooooo cool! Simple mechanics that hide sophisticated strategy. But really, the music. The music is absolutely outstanding. It's super addictive, you don't really mind that you've died 15 times already, you gotta get back to dungeon crawling to the beat!"
,Recommended,247080,18495011,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Papa Gurgle,I hate this game so much...#AriaIssues
76561198087855905,Recommended,247080,17882735,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Bubberdub,Delightful. Just utterly delightful.
,Recommended,247080,17559360,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Brain Maggot,"Came for the name, stayed for the game."
,Recommended,247080,17481992,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,The405,Bought a scroll that gave me 50 gold.It cost 50 gold....10/10
,Recommended,247080,19830780,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Tril,"You can't tell me this isn't the hardest game ever. (To 100% the achievements.) If so, please explain."
76561198020534667,Recommended,247080,19930330,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TransFatSkabooble,"This game has a special place in my heart among my favorite games.Super catchy music, easy to pick up gameplay, lots of challenge and things to do, colorful visuals.. All of it's good!The rhythm and rogue-like mix is really really good."
,Recommended,247080,29380930,Posted: 20 January,all,Finolum,"Oh my god, this game... This game is as amazing as it may be hard.First of all, you CANNOT play this game if you aren't able to passively tap the beat of a song while thinking about something else at the same time, this is NECESSARY to the gameplay. It makes this game a turn based dungeon crawler where every turn lets you think for less than a second. If you miss a beat, you skip a turn.So there's what this is about : you play as Cadence, your everyday dungeon hero in a rogelike game where when you die, you'll have to restart BUT, at first the game introduces you to everything it has, starting by each zone in the game one after another, and then unlocking different characters with different gameplay mechanics, in order to keep the experience fresh.In the first like 20 hours, you'll learn how to beat the game in every zone with every character. And then you will start trying to complete the full dungeon in a row with any character you'd have chosen.Now, not only does this require a lot of time to reach (like, a LOT), but it also is kinda hard.For I love hardcore games as much as I love RPGs, the positive point was it could keep me busy for a large amount of time, but this aspect can also scare casual gamers.If you want to look for yourself, you'll see that beating the full game even with the easiest character has been done by 2% of the players, so the challenge is real, but it makes every achievement you get a real pride.Buy it."
,Recommended,247080,26868700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BuddhaLiciouss,v cool
,Recommended,247080,18361880,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ReusedNPCv2,"Warning to all who dare to enter the Crypt - If you have no internal metronome, turn back now. Seriously, you need to be able to hold a beat to even consider playing this game in full. And yes, this is an important distinction - I've seen several attempted runs from someone who didn't, they were very short lived. Another warning - If you have any music preferences, they're about to be formatted.Anyways, Crypt of the Necrodancer is a roguelike rhythm game. The roguelike takes precedence for the most part, but it's good to keep a rhythm-game mentality. The gameplay can be a bit tricky at first, but superb once you get the hang of it. The actual progression is a bit basic (not uncommon for roguelikes), but that's not too major a problem. The biggest issue most people have with the game is that the rhythm-based controls are a bit gimmicky or unwieldy, but I had very little problems with them and they didn't get in my way too much.But enough about the gameplay. I'm writing this review to commend the SOUNDTRACK. This game's BGM alone is worth the $15 admission fee, and that's a bargain. I've been known to listen to the soundtrack on repeat for hours on end, and am working on burning the soundtrack onto a CD as I type this. And if the planets align and someone is born who doesn't like the music - you can set your own too.So in summary: If you think you can manage the gameplay, get the full game. If you don't think you can manage it, already have the game, or need a new soundtrack to listen to in your spare time, buy the soundtrack. And if by some strange coincidence you neither want this game's gameplay nor it's soundtrack, then and ONLY then will I permit you to not touch this game.What are you waiting for... pick up the beat!"
,Recommended,247080,19132554,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Hudbus †<CC><,"I've hit 24 hours of playtime, and have only completed one character's storyline.There's more, and it just keeps getting more challenging, but in a good way.Rhythm Heaven x Spelunky give hours of playtime, and more than a few frustrating moments."
,Recommended,247080,15661316,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,AtypicalChuck,I don't have much to say about this game since it's so painfully good. It's very tough to start until you begin to learn the patterns of the monsters but the music is what keeps me coming back. Addictive and hella fun pixel game for the win.
,Recommended,247080,11708142,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,:b:,"whoever thought ""lets make a game solely focused on music by the guy who made super meat boy and binding of isaac's soundtracks"" deserves game of the year"
,Recommended,247080,26807762,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oslik,Super music and super pretty dancing skeletons
,Recommended,247080,31192496,Posted: 16 April,all,ZombiEgeeOX,"Very good game, amazing music, good contols, and the visuals are stunning.Simply put, it's one of the best games I've ever played in a while, and it's definetly worth the cost.The game CAN get hard sometimes, but I never feel too bad when I die, I just learn for the next time I play"
76561198104807979,Recommended,247080,12730080,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Dallasflett,"Rating: 9/10Quote I would use: It's like Pokemon Mystery Dungeon with a Rythmic Twist!Such a new idea for a game!The game is like a dungeon crawler with a twist, you move to the beat.When I first heard of this idea, I thought it would be a silly gimick with nothing to it.But when I started playing to the Amazing soundtrack (same guy who did the Supermeatboy soundtrack),I was having alot of fun with it, killing enemies with my sword to the amazing and quick beat (theres a little timeline for you to follow the beat to). I haven't played too much of the story but It gave me a nice cheesy epic vibe.I was surpised to be able to use my own songs to play to the game (this is so awesome and appreciated.The Dungeons re-generate making every experience challenging and unique. The enemies are killed in a way I haven't seen before which is cool! This game is also super awesome to play with a buddy.The game is easy to learn but hard to master (you will die alot at first).Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,247080,23005476,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Wolfy,"A must play!Once you get in, you cant let go! After you got the harder Characters free, you should keep on trying! Not only your skill goes up, your reflex do as well :D"
,Recommended,247080,29257881,Posted: 14 January,all,Caramel,"I had faith this game would be good, for the first few games it was. Then I found out you had the ability to use your own music and it was cranked up to 11."
76561198215929204,Recommended,247080,32864942,Posted: 27 June,all,Greg7105,A great rhythm game which quickly becomes additicing. The game has a fun way of trying to get you to learn how enimes move and attack making you move in time
76561198068314290,Recommended,247080,32917271,Posted: 28 June,all,Rage Chain,"An extremely satisfying rhythm rogue-like.The items, enemies, levels, challenging characters and modes are all fantastic but what really stands out is the amazing soundtrack.Heavily recommend this game."
76561198006087111,Recommended,247080,13670209,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Abyss,Insanely fun and just as challenging.  Already a must-have title and it's not out of the alpha-build yet.
,Recommended,247080,14317273,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,A Soft Bug,"Don't let the Early Access tag dissuade you! This plays like a nearly-finished game, but the devs keep adding more awesome stuff to the game! You guys and/or gals rock!"
,Recommended,247080,32942121,Posted: 28 June,all,Captain Scarlet,"Played since the beginning, still playing now. The fact that not only is it challenging but it's got many amazing soundtracks is just astounding."
,Recommended,247080,19994239,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"I genuinely believe that this is how all professional dancers graduate from dance school or wherever the hell they go. They just kinda dance through a bunch of slimes and dragons to an addictive beat, only to get one shot by a spike trap.Never has a simple beat messed with me this much.10/10 would JUMP AROUND, JUMP AROUND, JUMP AROUND, JUMP UP JUMP UP AND GET DOWN again."
,Recommended,247080,11494100,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[!?] WalkerNash,"This game DEMANDS YOUR MONEY, PESANT."
,Recommended,247080,28467367,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,halloween is for satanists,R E A N I M A T E
76561198009637807,Recommended,247080,21146871,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,VeliahTruard©,Want to rock out to some amazing soundtracks written by the same guy responsible for the breathtaking binding of issac soundtrack?  Want to have the option to have that score re-imagined into both Electronic and rock stylings via an in-game alt soundtrack option? Do you find yourself lacking in the 'kicking monster butt to the beat' department?Do you like roguelike dungeon crawlers?Get this game.  End of discussion.
76561198271177284,Recommended,247080,30285209,Posted: 2 March,all,local pan,This is pretty much the only rhythm-based game I enjoy. It can also be pretty difficult.
,Recommended,247080,18402283,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,MasemuneJM,"Love this game, the music is catchy, and the gamplay is always shifting."
,Recommended,247080,28264629,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Shimakopter,"Probably one of my favorite games of all time. And that's a pretty big achievement considering I've been playing video games since I was 4. Great music with multiple variants by different artists (electric, rock, retro, etc). Gameplay that never gets stale due to its game engine that generates a whole new world each playthrough. A great cast of characters that each have a new game mechanic. Local co-op, dancemat support (harder than you think), daily challenges, progression system allows you to unlock new items, areas of the main hub, or characters. 10/10 I have no gripes with this game, every second playing it is great."
,Recommended,247080,32906759,Posted: 27 June,all,HubbaBubba,"So, I was looking for a good rhythm game to add to my library and stumbled across this masterpiece. It's unique in so many ways and the fact that everything is controlled by the beats of the music is a really neat concept. To go along with that, the music is TOO good and I find myself listening to it often even outside the game (complete with bobbing to the beat). Despite the many times I wanted to throw my laptop, I keep coming back for that awesome soundtrack and to take just one more stab at those gruesomly hard achievements!"
,Recommended,247080,11610032,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,wolfishNdividual,"You like rhythm games, yes? Do you like the undead? No? Well that might end up being a bummer for you friend, because this game has it in SPADES. If you like fast beats, ingenious game mechanics, and incredible replayability, then look no further! Crypt of the NecroDancer has everything you're looking for.Feel your pulse pound to the beat, hijacking your limbs; meet your new master.Introduce yourself to the denizens of these dungeons, dance along with them... and kill them!And when you think you've had enough, you haven't, for through all this, you now know...The Crypt of the NecroDancer has you."
,Recommended,247080,11490277,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sinthrex,"It's reasonable to feel skeptical about buying into an unfinished game, but if the rhythm genre floats your boat then you're more than likely going to be pleased with this one. Crypt of the NecroDancer has really simple gameplay mechanics that can get you hooked fast. The difficulty, however, is anything but simple, and therein lies the charm of this game.The tutorial does a really good job of getting you into gameplay rather quickly while laying out the rules of how to play. Everything, including you, moves to the rhythm of the music, and you study the movement patterns of your enemies to find the proper methods of eliminating them. The objective of the game becomes clear in an instant and before you know it, you're already playing. In my experience that was within the first minute. There aren't many games these days that can pull all of that off successfully, and considering this is still an alpha build I find that to be impressive.If there's anything I don't like about this game, it's that controller support isn't all there just yet. You can use a controller just fine for gameplay, but navigating the UI is another story -- I haven't been able to do anything beyond scrolling through options, so it's a little weird to switch to a keyboard in order to make selections. Nonetheless, this is a pretty trivial complaint and is only going to be improved at some point in the development cycle. At least it allows for DirectInput controllers, so if you've been deliberately avoiding using an Xbox controller and have no desire to use 3rd party programs to emulate XInput then you still have other options.Crypt of the NecroDancer has made me love the rhythm genre of games all over again, and I can see myself logging a ton of hours on it. I strongly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,247080,19948788,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Fappinho,"I gave my soul , my time , my money and my keyboardCrypt of The NecroDancer gave me only one thing:  A new life9.4 / 10BEST SOUNDTRACKS EVER"
76561198028300613,Recommended,247080,33436641,Posted: 10 July,all,ColdFusion,"One of the most innovative games around these days. It blends the rhythm and rougelike RPG styles in a unique fashion.You must perform actions according to the rhythm of the music in the background, and so must other entities.That's the premise of the whole game. While it initially sounds rather dull, RPG elements along with the pleasant learning curve create massive replayability and entertainment.I'd pick it up during a sale, though."
76561197991824207,Recommended,247080,33241980,Posted: 4 July,all,vectra,"Quite difficult actually, a bit upsetting at the beginning, but the game proves really addictive.+1 for the gameplay idea by the way."
,Recommended,247080,32276007,Posted: 8 June,all,Shild,"Surprised how many people don't know of this game...and how long it took me to find this.  If you're into challenging (emphasis on challenging, but not unfair) rogue-like dungeon crawlers (which, I personally just took a chance and bought this), this isreallyworth looking into.A bit expensive for how much gameplay your average person gets (8 to 20 hours maybe?), but it can be addicting.  I just got it because I needed something to do for 10 minutes while my sandwich was toasting."
76561198044461163,Recommended,247080,33209134,Posted: 3 July,all,Dinesty30 ニャン,"I've had my eye on this game for a long time. But I was VERY intimidated by the fast pace and requirment to stay on beat, so much so that I just stayed away thinking I wouldn't be able to keep up.When I finally got the game, and got to playing it, I was suprised how easy it was to get the rhythm!I then promptly died to the many enemies that took advantage of my lack of skill.IT's a great game, and the songs are bumpin.   10/10"
,Recommended,247080,33246614,Posted: 4 July,all,Operand,"Rhytm roguelike doesn't sound like it should work, but it does. 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,33178248,Posted: 3 July,all,Bob,"When I first heard about the game, I was curious but worried it's not for me. I also don't understand why graphisms that were already outdated 20 years are now so hip. Last but not least, the default music is not my kind of music and I didn't know how well the game played with my music.So I bought it dirt cheap during some sales. Turns out I wouldn't have regretted to buy it full price.As you probably know, the game I a rogue-like mixed with a rhythm game: think mystery dungeon but when you move, you have to be on the beat... and it's so much fun (I unlocked a character that doesn't require to be on the beat, but where's the fun).Turns about that the music is perfectly adapted to the game, so my not listening to this kind of music is a non-issue (and no, I haven't try to play with my music, but it should be terrible).As for the graphisms, well, I still don't understand the fad but they suit the music (quite minimalist itself).So if you hesitate to buy the game, go for it, you'll (probably) won't be dispointed.PS: What I don't understand is people who think these kind of graphisms are awesome. I perfectly understand they are cheaper and less time consuming."
,Recommended,247080,20357728,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Cheekington,Great game all around. Bought a dance pad just to play it. Expect a workout if you do the same.
,Recommended,247080,28004930,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ＳＫＲＵＢ,best shopkeeper ever.
,Recommended,247080,33125024,Posted: 2 July,all,Bolzen,"If you're looking for a game with an well excecuted control gimmick, high skill ceilings, appealing simple aesthetic and a groove to go with it, Crypt of the NecroDancer may just be for you.Not only that, you've got covers of Danny B's amazing original soundtrack for the game by various artists, such as the Aria's Awakening by FamilyJulez, a metal remix of the entire OST or the synthwave covers by Sister Records.It also comes with a level editor, letting you experiment and get creative with the mechanics of the game and to top it all off, it's easily moddable, with a fully functioning Steam Workshop page that supports both custom levels and mods made by the community.The only true downsides to this game are it's lackluster story that, while it gives context to the gameplay, doesn't give a depth of lore that, let's be honest, a game like this doesn't need. The second true downside is it's, of course, the signature difficulty curves that comes with many Rouge-lites, though it's multiplied here as one has to memorize enemy patterns, terrain effects, weapon patterns and so much more.So, if you're ready to dedicate time to learn the ins and outs of this game, give it a go."
,Recommended,247080,33165022,Posted: 2 July,all,Introverted Boss,Ordinary game with an Extraordinary gameplay10/10grab it while it is on sale
,Recommended,247080,24727834,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Penaz,"If I had to describe this game with one word, it would be ""Addicting"".The music, the graphics, the combat system, everything is addicting.But let's go in order, shall we?The musicDanny Baranowsky did an amazing work with the soundtrack, and that's an understatement. Just to make you understand: In over 8 years of gaming on Steam I've never even thought of buying a game's soundtrack, no matter how awesome it is.This time I did. And I'll probably buy it too, when the chance comes up.The tracks are energizing and the beats are well recognizable, which lets you concentrate on the game itself instead of the ""beat bar"" and adds that boost of energy that makes this game what it is.The graphicsSimple and colorful pixel art waits you in this game.The graphics change from zone to zone, while keeping consistency in the 4 levels of each zone, plus a special boss level that changes every time you play.The graphics themselves are not messy at all, but if there are many enemies on screen it could get quite difficult to concentrate on the rhythm enough to not lose track of a trap. But that's part of the game.The GameplayOooooooh the juicy part.The gameplay is innovative, a great mix of dungeon crawling, rhythm game, strategy, action and adventure.Each level is randomly generated and gives the player a new experience every time. Diamonds allow you to unlock new weapons and abilities and the whole gameplay system gives the impression of getting better and better even if you're stuck in a certain level or zone.The gameplay is relentlessly difficult, a single wrong move could ruin a whole great run, and you have really little time (usually one beat) to decide the next move. Even though it's difficult, the game is not unfair, it's just hard enough to make you keep trying harder and harder, to the point that you get worse instead of getting better (I'm talking from personal experience).The game has unlockable characters, each one with its own way of playing, which gives the game a whole lot of replayability; additionally there's the mod support which extends the game life a little more.The negativesIf I had to say something negative about the game, it would be the first loading screen, before accessing the lobby.On my system, playing the game means waiting at least 1 or 2 minutes at the loading screen, but the catchy tune that accompanies the loading makes everything better.Instead the other loads are instant, which makes replaying or changing mode a breeze.TL;DRIf you like hard games, great enegizing music and randomly generated maps. Get this game now.I got this game in a stretch of madness for buying something on Steam.I'm glad I did."
,Recommended,247080,33012864,Posted: 29 June,all,Shadow Aqualianna,"Oh, my, lord. Where has this game been my entire life?!Its the perfect blend of a rhythm game and a dungeon crawler with a healthy dose of rage. You wont be able to sit still to these sick beats~20/10 Stars"
76561197968707977,Recommended,247080,23131212,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hobo,Stragely addicting and yet infuriatingly frustrating.  But I keep coming back for more.  7.5/10
,Recommended,247080,32247965,Posted: 7 June,all,jellybean,I sure love getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked to smooth criminalthanks game
,Recommended,247080,33040142,Posted: 30 June,all,DUPA,"I'm not a fan of rhythmic games nor dungeon crawlers ,but this game is really fun to play!"
,Recommended,247080,33056064,Posted: 30 June,all,sixthreezy,Definitely as amazing as everything says it is.
,Recommended,247080,32831971,Posted: 26 June,all,frumple,"After having played the game for a quarter of an hour, i'm checking my email in rythm with a tune that isn't playing anymore. Somebody tell my brain.This won't be for everyone. It's a good game, maybe even great, but this kind of gameplay can be described as either abominable or fantastic, and there is no middle ground. Fair warning."
,Recommended,247080,20140575,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Symbiotic Relationship w/ rocks,"I've been blowing through a ton of games from this Christmas (Holidays if you perfer) and I found this rare gem for the price it was. I thought to myself ""Sure, I'll buy this. I mean it's been on my wishlist for a whole minuite now"" and then.. OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS AMAZING!! In this game you move to the beat of the song, if you can do that you have already mastered the game go home and get some ice cream or something or if you're like me it offers a very nice challenge and a rhythm in your erm fingers? I dunno. Anyways, I would reccomend you get this game IF it's on sale. At the price it's at normally of $15 you may want to look at other options but otherwise this is a must have in your library."
,Recommended,247080,33614347,Posted: 17 July,all,kev,"11/10 MUST BUY, this is an absolute masterpiece of a game, and the music... it will give you tears of joy.Honestly my favorite game of them all,Every character you play with changes the mechanics greatly in a unique way, the music is the same melody but you have diferent versions, (normal, dubstep, heavy metal , etc)Challenging rpg that will make you want to keep playing and pulling more hairs out."
,Recommended,247080,33615094,Posted: 17 July,all,Homeless One,"the music is amazing and the beat, infectious. killing monsters while you listen is an added bonus!"
,Recommended,247080,33616741,Posted: 17 July,all,Balthizord,"Great Game!! In the beginning it took me weeks to get past the first zone, now i breeze through it. Love the concept, love the music, and love the art style."
76561198034466785,Recommended,247080,33610511,Posted: 17 July,all,DrSpangle,"Surprisingly fun roguelike!  I really enjoyed it.  The premise sounds weird but trust me, it works."
76561198049017229,Recommended,247080,33616265,Posted: 17 July,all,Jmlee19,"Wow.....just wow. I mean, I don't really know what to say. I would compare this game to something, but there isn't really anything to compare it to. It's unique, easy to learn, fun, challanging, and it has amazing music. The built in soundtrack sounds really good, and the beat it really easy to follow, which in a game where following the beat is a primary game mechanic, is very important detail.Speaking of details, the devs got a lot of details right. You can: use your own music, create your own levels, and turn off the need to follow the beat. There is also an item/upgrade store, a monster/boss training area, plus multiple characters to play, each with their own uniquie style and challanges. You can even adjust what items you want to apear in the levels to match your unique playstyle. Oh, and did I mention Co-op? Because it's a thing, localy anyways.Serously, if you havn't figure it out by now these guys know what they are doing and do it well. It is worth $14.99? eh, maybe. I picked it up on sale and feel 100% satisfied. I may even but the DLC."
76561198067714196,Recommended,247080,13649229,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Philomentus,"Yes, Get it."
76561198043870468,Recommended,247080,20273789,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Satanemme,"This game is pure genius.I've never played other rhythm based games before Crypt of the Necrodancer but I've always enjoyed Rogue-like games and I really feel like this one is amazingly realized. To date, nothing even marginally similar to this has ever been released and I sincerely think this has been one of the best games I've ever played.One more ""perk"" of this game is its simple retro-style, which one can love (as I do) or sincerely dislike.Another thing which one must realize BEFORE getting this game is that it's really challenging and requires a lot of time to be mastered.In my humble opinion this game is truly spectacular and it's worth the money."
76561198104069162,Recommended,247080,33664809,Posted: 19 July,all,Alls3,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I love this game it is one of my best buys its hard to discribe why this game is so good. Just buy it!
76561198099001216,Recommended,247080,23994469,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,(: Omid :),Noice
76561198059428490,Recommended,247080,33639678,Posted: 18 July,all,Wip,<music pun>
,Recommended,247080,21745908,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,CAKE MAN,"Crypt of the necrodancer is a fast paced rougue like rhythm game. A very hard game, where you can easily get that mentality of ""Just one more game"".This game is hard, but so satisfying once completed. Story is obviously not the main focus of the game, but the music is definatly one of its strong points.Good stuff, I look forward to the next item Brace Yourself Games creates something."
,Recommended,247080,11555483,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Da Wrecka,"Tl:dr; Many games like to try and wear the ""easy to learn, hard to master"" hat. Crypt of the NecroDancer is one of the titles that wears that hat like a ♥♥♥♥in' champ.Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rythm game. No wait; it's a roguelike. No wait; it's both. It's a procedurally-generated labyrinth in which your actions come in pace with the music. It's an absolutely superlative example of the best Early Access has to offer; oodles of content that's already more than playable, and promising to only get better as time goes on.You play as Cadence, a novice gravedigger (I think; it's not really important) who makes one shovel cut in the wrong place too many. Now your still-beating heart has been stolen. Turns out this isn't as fatal as you'd expect, and it even means you can't die permanently, but it HAS made you a Slave to the Rythm(TM). Can you make it through the NecroDancer's lair in order to kill him and reclaim your heart? Or will you be a slave to the rythm for all eternity?Everything in the NecroDancer's crypts moves and acts to the beat of the music. You can use your own MP3s for this, but the included soundtrack from Danny Baranowsky is so awesome you won't need to. Mastering the beat of the music is the key to victory in this game.Remember when I said Crypt rocks the ""easy to learn, hard to master"" hat like a boss? This is why. Moving with the beat is one of those things which is very easy to wrap your head around, but mastering the beat is a whole other story. It's a simple concept executed flawlessly, made all the more satisfying by the fact that it makes you angry in the exact right way - with yourself. Harm comes because YOU screwed up. Failure becomes because YOU screwed up. At no point does the game throw anything at you that you can't deal with - or at least, can't learn to deal with it. We can all name dozens of games that are plain broken, where often failure comes because either the game did a whoopsie in its pants or because the random number generator decided it hates your face. Crypt doesn't do that. There's only one thing Crypt will get you angry with; yourself. And that makes it so very compelling. When you fail, you want to do better. You want to get back in there and get further - to wipe away the shame of your earlier failure. Before you know it, you're hooked.Speaking of which... I need to find a new vein so I can get another hit of this delicious juju."
,Recommended,247080,14276988,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,⸎peth,"Very enjoyable game! Love playing it, and I am a person who doesn't like rhythym based games for the most part. Strongly recommend it!"
76561198087913661,Recommended,247080,33656107,Posted: 19 July,all,exclaimer999,"Despite being overwhelmingly frustrating and difficult, the core mechanic of this game is so engaging that I can't help but sink half an hour into this game every day. One of the few games I'ved liked where the progression system is to get good."
,Recommended,247080,33766912,Posted: 24 July,all,Tenshi 天使,"The soundtrack is absolutely amazing.A huge variety of enemies, weapons and items make every run unique, which makes you just want to continue playing forever. Add this in combination with the very unique gameplay, which is simple in concept but complex in execution make a very enjoable experience.Also, the game is difficult as hell. Prepare to die a lot."
76561198060193285,Recommended,247080,32885990,Posted: 27 June,all,Huvi,"+ Tututu - Tutututututu - Tututu - Tututututututututututu - Merchanticide- This lovely opponent in zone 4 who teleport you in front of red drake, blademaster and warlock. Then spider and ghast appear from nowhere.Cool game, nice soundtracks, and in some point - easy to play, hard to master. After 24 hours of gameplay i finally end Cadence's story mode. Now i face with Melody. Point for CotN, even after these lames, died from traps, fireballs, spiders, spicky boots, bloody shovels, skeletons (this dark especially - 2 hearts without defence), dead ringers, shopkeeper, ghasts, spiders i still want to play this game. And i won't stop until i reach end of stor... game."
,Recommended,247080,26859419,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,-7,Every day a different song is stuck in my head.
76561198060685870,Recommended,247080,28603935,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,TheAdequate,Very fun game. Such a complex game for very simple mechanics. Great music and a very fun challenge.   10/10.
,Recommended,247080,19992283,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,NoYzE,Very nice game for rhythm-people!Runs flawlessly on linux :)
,Recommended,247080,23048030,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,crumbs,"Honestly, I'm not a huge fan of roguelikes... I never seemed to grasp the concept of ""good"" or ""bad"" items, and I found the everchanging map layouts kinda disorienting.When I picked this game up, I expected the same cookie-cutter gameplay style. I'm very glad I was proven wrong.CotN is a fast-paced and quick-witted game based around completing actions based on the beat of the music playing in the background, and I found it quite amazing. It has a ton of replay value, it keeps you on edge and requires split-second reactions. Also, the music is really f*ckin' good.Maybe I'm biased, maybe I'm not. It's up to you if you wanna pick this game up for yourself. No regrets."
76561198025420270,Recommended,247080,15868189,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,me_dandrea,"Rythm-based roguelike dungeon crawler, where you have to press buttons to the beat of the music to move each turn.Putting aside the rythm gimmick, the game plays like a simple grid-based dungeon crawler. As you slay monsters and descend through the crypt, you find a variety of equipable items that upgrade your character. Enemy attacks come in predictable patterns which can be dodged, and your attacks likewise hit with different patterns depending on what weapon you use. The tactics aren't complicated, but it's easy to slip up when you're tasked with making several moves per second. The combination of speed, timing, and strategy is unique and feels very satisfying once you get the hang of it.The story, told through cutscenes, is unremarkable but not bad. Furthermore, the voice acting and pixel art are good, and the music is stellar. The game's focus is on its mechanics, but it manages to cobble together a compelling atmosphere as well.Playing each of the game's four zones one by one is relatively easy and allows you to buy upgrades between runs, but the marathon ""all zones mode"" is much more challenging. There are also several playable characters, each with their own mechanics, as well as local co-op multiplayer.A hugely successful experiment - lots of fun."
,Recommended,247080,33590920,Posted: 16 July,all,neko lewds,good stuff
,Recommended,247080,34471956,Posted: 24 August,all,Buff Orpington,"Fantastic roguelike-with-a-twist once you get over the initial hump of understanding the mechanics and unlocking a few new items. It's nice and difficult like a roguelike should be, and no one item can make you overpowered so there's not much point in resetting for certain drops. Lots of characters to choose from, lots of item combinations to discover, and lots of unlockables mean the replayability is high too, even for a roguelike."
76561198142259772,Recommended,247080,33327565,Posted: 6 July,all,R3DW0LF,What a great concept. This game is very unique and packed with hours of dungeon dancing. Highly addictive and tons of fun!9/10
,Recommended,247080,32910196,Posted: 27 June,all,Scientology,"Hotline Miami and Binding of Isaac forgot to use a condom.Its ok tho because a brutally hard, adrenaline-fueled, music-based, fast-paced roguelike is one of the best ideas to be put into a video game."
76561198106574590,Recommended,247080,29282323,Posted: 15 January,all,Dee Anastasia,"This is a great game and it delivers all it promises. However, you can't go into it expecting the game to take it easy on you, because it certainly won't. This is a great game for those with decent rhythm and a penchant for dungeon crawlers on the more difficult end. Great game!"
,Recommended,247080,22177458,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Big Bubba,Its like Dark Souls but with techno music. Spent 3 hours getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me on the first zone.
76561198150725768,Recommended,247080,29578622,Posted: 29 January,all,DeGugs,"Probably the smartest blend of 8bit adventure and rythm games I've ever seen. I never thought that two game genres, that I otherwise don't care for, could combine to form something so addictive, challanging and replayable. I always thought that a game's soundtrack stood out more when it is composed in sync with the events in the game, and this game makes that a requirement!"
76561198251622902,Recommended,247080,33590683,Posted: 16 July,all,We Bare Bitches,Super fun relaxing game it's like if pokemon mystery dungeon had a baby with back off Barbarian. The mode from castle crashers.
76561198272195025,Recommended,247080,20327830,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,sirbuttbutt,cool rhythm game
,Recommended,247080,22520459,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,FluffyPuppo!,"It is one of the most fun games I have ever played, and the community is very wonderful. The only thing I could say bad about this game is that it is unforgiving on beginners, if you plan to play it, just keep pressing on, and remember to learn patterns."
76561198035871053,Recommended,247080,30433126,Posted: 10 March,all,Zornazak,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is incredibly frustrating at first. Thats a good thing. It takes a while to break the habit of most other rogue-likes, where you carefully plot and determine each move. The rythem forces you to jump into the game and make the best of every action, even if you haven't fully thought it through.Once you get over the intial difficulty adjustment period, you will play again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,247080,18477407,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,ʙurdman❼⓪❼,"Only played 3 hours as of posting the review but hey this is my quick review of what it is so far and my thought.Yes, you should buy it if you're interested. It's soundtrack is made by the guy who did the soundtrack for the first Binding of Isaac and Super Meat Boy, there was no one better to do this.The game is really hard at first on stage 1 because it feels odd, it's defiantly its own style of play but once you learn it you love it, and from going from Zone 1 to Zone 2, it gets a lot more difficult, people looking for a good and fun challenge will defiantly find it with this game.There's tons of items, secrets, enemies, and different beats to make the 14.99$ the perfect price. I plan on putting a lot more time into this game :3 this is a saint for all who don't believe in Steam Beta's.11/10, there's a boss fight with a gorilla that likes to conga."
,Recommended,247080,33573598,Posted: 15 July,all,Drebien,Ive only played it a short while but the soundtrack is amazing. After several quick deaths trying to match the tempo its really fun. Im excited to keep playing it and see all the new songs from every zone
,Recommended,247080,27161408,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Galithil,Surprisingly deep and challenging.
,Recommended,247080,12228828,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Sehnder,"It is hard to overstate just how satisfying this game is. The sense of personal accomplishment when you manage to beat hardcore is the same buzz you get from beating FTL, Spelunky, or Volgarr.For the rhytmically challenged- don't worry about it too much. The music component is really just a fun way of enforcing a time limit on turn-based gameplay. Still very much an early access title, but I already feel I got my money's worth."
76561198067431071,Recommended,247080,28225286,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hotfirex,"Good brainless fun if your just playing, extremely frustrating just to advance.mechanics are simple (1 vs 1) as all you need is a rhythm but once you start going deeper (1 vs 100) it starts to get incredibly hard as each enemy has their own rhythm, which you need to take account for each one, and if you mess up once you are severely punished for it.Good buy for those hard core players with god fingers, not so much for casuals."
,Recommended,247080,21140084,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,MysticMusician♫,"When I bought this game, I wasn't really expecting much, but it turns out that it's quite fun. It can actually be rather challenging as well. Not as easy as I thought. I seriously hate red dragons."
76561198070729356,Recommended,247080,30482414,Posted: 12 March,all,Warboss666,"Sick beats and fun, challenging gameplay. Love it."
76561198050394357,Recommended,247080,21167357,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Awoo,"Very difficult, yet very fun game!Enjoying the music of this game? Good, because you're gonna listen to it over and over and over again until you complete the game!!!"
,Recommended,247080,33938800,Posted: 31 July,all,Optimistically Pessimistic,"A very interesting concept, mixing rhythm with fighting. It plays like other rogue-likes, get completely wrecked, get good, and then wreck everything but thats a gross over simplification. You move, attack and use items on rhythm. Various enemies and bosses that keep you on your toes, and alot of characters that switch up the mechanics of the game a bit. For example Mary (from dlc) has a little lamb that must be protected, if it's killed you die. Obviously a pivotal aspect of the game would be the music, if the music sucks why would you want to play a rhythm game... The music is amazing and diverse which is good since you'll be hearing alot of do-overs since dying is sort of unavoidable in games like this."
,Recommended,247080,28022138,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,현준,재밌으니까 꼭 해 친구야
,Recommended,247080,12339491,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Gamingdude295,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a fresh idea compared to roguelikes, turning the slow pace into a rhythm.This keeps you moving while also trying to plan as you move.  Every enemy follows specific movement patterns, which is fairly easy to deal with one-by-one, but quick thinking will help you in scenarios with multiple enemies."
76561198117494277,Recommended,247080,31700468,Posted: 12 May,all,Cha0Z,"So hard, so addictive!"
76561198006748536,Recommended,247080,28060975,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[ITA]Getix,"A good game to waste the 30 mins your girlfriend need to ""be ready to go out""."
76561198220188272,Recommended,247080,18640414,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,EsthOr23,Would keep dancing 10/10
,Recommended,247080,33894427,Posted: 29 July,all,BludStanes,"I thought a rhythm based roguelike was an idiotic idea. I was wrong on two different thoughts. It's not a roguelike, it's hardly a roguelite, and it's not idiotic, it's actually one of the best games I ever played. That's it. Review over with."
76561198218004151,Recommended,247080,20727412,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Treborbentara,This game is prettythis game is catchy!this game is .. kind of hard!didn't know music can hurt so much.
76561198035996343,Recommended,247080,14380517,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Awein,Crypt of the NecroDancer is a unique action platforming puzzle game with a rhythm element.  You are an adventurer trying to kill enemies and all the enemies and you can only move on the beat to the music.  All enemies have different patterns and attacks and there are many enemies moving about while in a zone.  At the time of this review it is still in Beta and there are 3 zones available so far.You have to train yourself to be physically coordinated and quick to process patterns to pass even the first zone.   Most people who have bought this game don't beat zone 1.  There is an option to practice against any specific enemy encountered and this is purchasable with in-game currency.The soundtrack is phenomenal and it will help keep you motivated to keep trying a zone again and again even if there is no success for a while.The game is a unique creative concept with fantastic music that challenges the player physically and mentally.  If you enjoy a challenge and great music it is likely you'll enjoy this game.
,Recommended,247080,11517847,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,BlastYoBoots,"The trailer looked hilarious. I am not good at rhythm games. I was skeptical. I watched a youtube video of someone playing it. The gameplay looked better than I expected. I bought it. IT KICKS♥♥♥♥♥ Look, keyboard DDR skills certainly HELP, but they aren't necessary.Combat in many modern games is already a clever dance between dodging and attacking. This game just formalizes the process, solidifies it, and delivers you a catchy game that teaches you to read enemy patterns. This is an AMAZING GAME and you won't be able to put it down. Already. And it's not even done yet!"
76561198348386764,Recommended,247080,32350274,Posted: 11 June,all,Hang Boy,It has really great music and fun gameplay. So give it a try if you consider buying it!
,Recommended,247080,33491888,Posted: 12 July,all,IamJersh,Just turn on this game and let it run in the background when you throw your next house party.
76561198041992587,Recommended,247080,15514903,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Baha',"Crypt of the Necrodancer is one of the best indie game created, verry original and complete, tons of items (weapons, spells and more), many things to know (the effect of the different shrines, ennemies pattern...)... In brief, a verry complete game, and the soundtrack guys, the soundtrack !If you like rogue-like games and rythm game with a touch of hard-to-play, you find in CotN all this."
,Recommended,247080,13346358,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Staekk,"First off I like to say I really enjoy this game not only because of the unique concept but also because it requires a lot of skill and knowlegde.You could say it is a turn based rogue-like, though the beat is the turn, so if you don't follow the beat you will lose your chance to do something.It takes some time to get used to the game, and there will be a lot of deaths, but at some point you will start learning the patterns and that is when the game really begins, you can speedrun it, score run it and you can even race it with other people.Even if it is a early access game, it got so much content and depth I would recommend buying it right now!Another thing to consider is the community it is great try going to the Necrodancer forums and you will see all kinds of great discussions.Be a NECRODANCER today!"
,Recommended,247080,17367753,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Korbofaux,this is a Good Game and i could write more words but that would just be repeating what i already saidplease buy this game you will not regret it
,Recommended,247080,18133546,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Awesome3475,"Keep to the beat!Love this game SO much. Several characters, weapons, items, and songs all bunched into one sweet game. With a storyline implemented into a rouge-like, this has SEVERAL hours of play time for such a small price.Also, Aria is TOUGH (Can't wait to play Coda)10/10, play this game!"
76561198131181880,Recommended,247080,27331294,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,pinedoplan2,"I can't seem to reccomend this game enough. The game is filled with great music and that feeling of tension when almost beating a map. Gameplay is unique and challenging with the playable characters. Literally Hours upon hours of fun and to top it all off I hear there is DLC in the works! If you like music, challenge and rage, then consider this game"
,Recommended,247080,34841418,Posted: 9 September,all,Latsu,"Rythm Rogue Lite with different music packs available. I picked up Chipzel's ""Chipped of the Necro Dancer"" and haven't gone back. Love this game. Very difficult, very fun."
76561198095332183,Recommended,247080,26796491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,prawn,cool
,Recommended,247080,19923250,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,That Guy Who Ruined Everything,It's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥in'
,Recommended,247080,30153407,Posted: 24 February,all,fun skeletor,✓ Fun✓ Addicting✓ Amazing music✓ Suicidal thought inducing10/10 would play at own risk
,Recommended,247080,23733471,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,BaalsDepe,"@37.1 hours..... how have I NOT written a review yet???????GAME'S FUGGN GREAT! I hop down the street in time with the music now. People all look at me with jelly.Seriously, though, I'm pretty sure I'll get 100+ hours of play time out of this meagerly-priced game. Getting the extended soundtrack is definitely worth it (especially after finally beating all zones w/ Cadence). Charming, challenging and fun most of all."
,Recommended,247080,34965496,Posted: 14 September,all,Poisony,"At first, a strange fusion: a roguelike rhythm game. But hey, roguelike mix with everything these days, right?I love both genres and all the mechanics work together to create a challenging and fresh new way to dungeon crawl. Obviously it simplifies a lot of its classic roguelike and dungeon crawler mechanics, but it does that to make it a better rhythm game.Also, Jake Kaufman makes good music. Check it out."
,Recommended,247080,20991225,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AlnthraevaN,"After playing this game, typing on keyboard without music feels weird..."
76561198047340635,Recommended,247080,22804216,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Is butter a carb?,"Incredibly fun Roguelike game. Great art style, challenging, good music, amazing replayability. One of my favorite games."
,Recommended,247080,24067524,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AmaneSan,"I've been addicted to this game since I started playing it. I am not a big fan of rogue-likes in general, but this game is among few rare exceptions.You have 4 zones to beat, each one contains 3 floors and a boss fight. Every zone has its own theme and enemies. But wait, there's more. The enemies each move to the beat in their own unique pattern, and you have to recognize it and adapt quickly. For example, some enemies might be moving along a scripted path, others try to go for you specifically, some might stay still for 2 beats and then move on the 3rd one, others might move on every beat, and so on. It's all very well done.During your dungeon crawling you'll also come across a lot of items of varying degrees of helpfulness. You have healing items, weapons, armour, rings, spells, and even some unusual items. Some can spawn from the start, others require unlocking via collectible diamonds. You can even remove the less useful items from the dungeons via the janitor, so that there's more chances instead for chests to contain the items you find more useful.There is of course a fair bit of luck involved, as is pretty common with rogue-like games. At times you'll be lucky to find a nice weapon and other useful items early on, other times you'll just be spawning with enemies all around you. It is a very challenging game. You will die a lot. But you do learn to recognize the enemy movement patterns and eventually overcome them.I also really like the whole light-hearted theme the game is going for. I think the devs pulled it off perfectly. The music is also amazing and will just drag you in to the beat.In addition to the regular mode with the main character, you also get to unlock several other characters, which seem to have their own unique abilities (for example one of them can only confuse enemies but not kill, another is only able to use bombs, and so on). It all adds an extra challenge for those who want it. You can even go and practice fighting against specific enemies and bosses if you wish.Great game in general. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247080,26892613,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lady Fefa,"My favorite game of all time!The mechanics is super smart.The graphics and animations are cute and well done.Character Design is amazing.The soundtrack = no words. I've listened to it so many times already, both playing and on spotify, and I can't get sick of it.I wish I've made this game <3You should play this right now!"
76561198040778177,Recommended,247080,28037992,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,rL NoOdLE,"If you like any of the followingSuper Meat BoyBinding of IsaacShovel KnightKick♥♥♥♥♥""retro"" music that seriously drills itself into your brain and you are forced to groove to the sexy beatOriginal ideasThen why haven't you bought this game yet?"
,Recommended,247080,27439617,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CharTreizeSolo,"The best rhythm music game I have played ever. Music is plain awesome, mechanics is very well polished, and the game concept is really fresh and cool. You can jump in at anytime, play a session for as long (or as short!) as you like, and move on to do other things. I tend to get lost in the rhythm sometimes too.Oh and Freddie Merchantry deserves the ""Best Shopkeeper of All Games"" award.11/10"
,Recommended,247080,27855500,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,{WT}|Cobar,yah i wanna nominate this for all the awards. so good
,Recommended,247080,27355942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thicc Nicc,I have transformed into a metronome
,Recommended,247080,28884891,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,keila,"i always heisitated to buy this game.. till now. i purchased it and i have 0 regrets.can feel the rhythm in my butt, great game, a must have 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,20713981,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,goatomatic,"I've never left a review on Steam before, but I had to write one for this game. I cannot stop playing this game. So simple and yet so complex. The difficulty is just right to make me keep coming  back one more time.  And the soundtrack is fantastic, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,247080,27377395,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MeatyRod,"If you enjoy rogue-likes you will LOVE this game. I'm not a good reviewer, but I suggest looking at other reputable people's reviews. 97% of people who bought the game love it, so try it out."
,Recommended,247080,33395701,Posted: 8 July,all,Foxy747,"This game is incredible. It is so brilliatn and intuitive. If you like RPG type gameplay mixed with rhythm, such a fun combo. Looks like a basic roguelike but you really have to play it to get the feel. It's like 2 bucks on sales please do yourself a favor and get it."
76561198320118796,Recommended,247080,29470802,Posted: 24 January,all,awesoman519,This game has a unique mix of roguelike and rhythm elements that i've never seen together before. That's what i love about it.
,Recommended,247080,33736951,Posted: 22 July,all,thainen,"Rogue-light dungeoncrawler, multiplied by a rhythm game with the catchiest music ever.This is the game design equivalent of  the blue meth."
,Recommended,247080,15760571,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,"This game hasn't changed much since Early Access, honestly, but that's more of a testament to how solid it was even in the early stages. Absolutely worth the money, it was one of the best games of last year when it wasn't even finished and it's even better now."
,Recommended,247080,19301904,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,DragonDePlatino,"I waited to get this game for weeks and I was not disappointed. It's an absolute joy to play, balancing the strategy of roguelikes with the addictiveness of rhythm games. Even though the game itself is short, there's a surprising amount of content with several characters and dozens of items to unlock. Some characters even have their own alternate soundtracks, which constantly keeps the game fresh even after dozens of plays.Really, the only stain marring of this gem is the game's poorly-designed story mode. In order to see all of the game's cutscenes, bosses and songs, one must beat it from start to finish with three specific characters. The first two are fine, but the third is an insane leap in difficulty that requires weeks of practice and an incredible streak of luck to beat.Final verdict: If you pick up this game, expect to have a good time while it lasts. Try out all the characters, pick up some mods, get some achievements, but don't expect that you'll be able to finish it."
,Recommended,247080,23797765,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zapole,Really nice Retro game :)
76561198025907800,Recommended,247080,23813139,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lightning McMeme,"Lost the beat, died to a dragon from across the map....Yeah, it was pretty fun"
76561198120428882,Recommended,247080,23810661,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,D.N.A,"This is a game that I just keep coming back to in my steam library, the music stays with you and and has you craving just one more play through, so addictive. I love the concept of dancing to the beat, but it could challenge those less coordinated. There is a large array of weapons, spells and items to make every playthrough different, and the dungeons are randomly generated too. The game has lovely bright colours and a cool pixelated feel, what are you waiting for? Buy it now!"
76561198004565666,Recommended,247080,12362970,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,brickey.8,"This game is a completely seamless mix of three rather disparate genres--roguelike, puzzle and rhythm game. All three enhance each other well. The rhythm component forces you to think on your toes despite the turn-based nature of the combat (which is really more of a fast-paced puzzle game than anything else, since it's always possible to defeat all foes without a scratch if you make the right moves). And the roguelike nature keeps it fresh, ensuring that the more exotic items and weapons are treats.The variety of characters, not to mention items and weapons, do a good job adding replay value. Some characters are way more difficult than others on purpose, but that just stretches out the fun longer.Item balance is among the best I've ever seen in a semi-roguelike--most of the better weapons are mixed blessings, the different rings and helmets are all equally useful in different ways, and item prices for the better items are well-tuned to present tough choices in shops (even if the choice is ""is it worth killing the shopkeeper""). You'll get runs with good luck and bad luck, but rarely will you have runs where the whims of the RNG are what made you lose or win--your power level is much more consistent than, say, Isaac or Spelunky. Plus even the best items are useless without skill, and with skill you can win with a basic dagger.Oh, and it has three phenomenal soundtracks. Not just one, three. And some extremely creative bosses.Overall, I heartily recommend this game for just about anyone. If you watch the trailer and think that could even potentially be fun for you, I guarantee it will be."
76561198091787231,Recommended,247080,30336634,Posted: 5 March,all,TinyTigr,"Fun gameplay and good music, that's all a game needs to be addictive."
,Recommended,247080,35206722,Posted: 25 September,all,Redstone2KTheGamer,"A Fast-Paced Dungeon crawling game,With...MINI-BOSSES!!!ITEMS!!!!TRAPS!!!!ACTUAL BOSSES!!!!!BOSSES AFTER BOSSES!!!!GUNS!!!!!!A BOSS AFTER A BIG BOSS AFTER A MINI-BOSS!!!!!!!!! (a.k.a main villain)SICK BEATS!!!!!!AND OVER 11 CHARACTERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!and overall it has a uniqe concept and it will improve your timing skills :PBut it dosent have online multiplayer (i think) D:"
,Recommended,247080,35383605,Posted: 1 October,all,Jazzy Cat,"This game will kick you in the ballsack, set it on fire, and throw it into the sun.But I love it."
76561198301848734,Recommended,247080,33562490,Posted: 15 July,all,Spidey,"This game is surprisingly really fun. I struggled in the beginning at first trying to move at a consistent tempo, but when your get the hang of it, the game becomes a lot more enjoyable. 10/10"
76561198118900103,Recommended,247080,33754010,Posted: 23 July,all,Syfole,"¸.•*¨*•♫♪  Great game, original and entertaining  ¸.•*¨*•♫♪Volume: ▁ ▂ ▃ ▄ ▅ ▆ █ 100 %"
,Recommended,247080,31338761,Posted: 24 April,all,Lodestar,ruined my friends life
,Recommended,247080,35479828,Posted: 4 October,all,Spectral the Undertaker,"Even when I am not playing this I still listen to the Soundtrack.Truly a forever-haunting experience, so to say."
76561198152297623,Recommended,247080,35463726,Posted: 3 October,all,SakuraSands,This game's asum !
76561198135399398,Recommended,247080,34908943,Posted: 12 September,all,Impkidman,Haven't played to long but it is great fun. I have mainly play as Bard so i don't have to time the attacks (fairly hard to do when you just start).Word of advice if you play on a keyboard: change the controls to WASD because using the arrows for a while will start to hurt your hand.Great game for $3.75.
,Recommended,247080,35500454,Posted: 5 October,all,MSG,"Crypt of the NecroDancer where you basically move around to the beat of the music and defeat monsters. Every zone getting harder and having more and more monsters. Theres bosses too so theres that. I kept hearing about this game because quite a few of my friends have been playing and talking about it, and I decided to get the game myself to see if I would enjoy it, ... and now I am addicted. The DLC ""Crypt of the NecroDancer AMPLIFIED"" also brings in new characters, a new zone, just brings in new stuff to add onto the game that I also really enjoy. It also has steam workshop so you can make your own levels, your own characters, and all kinds of stuff which I'm planning on doing too. The game has great unique characters to play as, all has a different mode in them, the game has great soundtrack you can listen to, and as it says, you can even put in your own music if you want to!Basically, Crypt of the NecroDancer and it's ""AMPLIFIED"" is worth your money if you enjoy games like this, which I do."
,Recommended,247080,30892831,Posted: 1 April,all,Elmerio,"Very challenging and fun game, not for people that get frustrated because of dying. lots of dying. like, alot."
76561198003812019,Recommended,247080,13637302,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MistahWabbith,Money well spent. Best game. :)
76561198166879556,Recommended,247080,18398008,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,HeroicShadow,"Played 1h of it, and i loved it.Worth the money."
76561198036083074,Recommended,247080,18340575,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Widdly Scuds,This game will infect your life.You will bounce and dance to the music even in your head.You have been warned.You cannot resist......Buy it.
,Recommended,247080,20336330,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,FujiSyusuke808,"BUY/SALE/PASS: Buy - Feel free to buy at full price.Crypt of the Necrodancer is a rhythm roguelike dungeon crawler action RPG from developer Brace Yourself Games and publisher Klei Entertainment, and if the description of the game is confusing, don’t worry.  So is the game.  Players are dropped into randomly generated dungeons and tasked to explore as deep as possible without dying.  Death is permanent; when you die, you start from the beginning all over again.Exploring, fighting, looting, moving, everything is played to the beat of the Danny Baranowsky chiptune soundtrack.  You are likely to die many, many times as you come to learn the various kinds of loot you’ll find and the multitude of enemies to fight.  The good news is that the game is ultimately fun to play and enjoy for players who are into rhythm games and randomized dungeons; the bad news is that getting to that point is layered underneath the frustration of not knowing what to do for the first few hours.  Stick with it long enough, and this game becomes really engrossing to play."
,Recommended,247080,15337051,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Blaster,"This game is phenomenal. It gives a full roguelike experience but with a unique twist - all movement and actions must be done in sync with the background music. It really is, in effect, a cross between a classic roguelike and a rhythm game such as DDR or osu!This is more than just a gameplay gimmick. The entire game relies deliberate consistent movement and fast thinking. All enemies have very predictable attack patterns but that hardly makes the game easy. When you have to contend with several different enemies and traps on the screen at once the difficulty can get very challenging, especially in the later levels.Like all roguelikes, you, as a player, get exponentially better with game experience and knowledge. At first even the earliest floors of the dungeon may seem impossible, but as you start getting faster at processing your situation and taking advantage of your resources, you're able to delve deeper and deeper into the crypt with less effort. Eventually you may find even the nastiest enemies have no chance against your well timed steps. The skill ceiling is so high it's actually possible to beat all consecutive areas without taking damage using the starting weapon. In fact, there is a character and achievement for doing just this.The best part is that it's all just so satisfying. Not only does everything about this game feel well thought out and balanced, it's hard to express just how good it feels to take all of your actions in time with the music. Every living (or unliving) thing in the dungeon is literally dancing or bobbing its head in sync with the rhythm and it's all just so.. fun! Did I mention the soundtrack is awesome? The soundtrack is awesome."
76561197991567851,Recommended,247080,18844724,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Fixxed,"A seriously creative and fun take, on a generic dungeon crawler. Really addictive.Basicly its a top view dungeon explorer, with a simplicity that reminds of Tibia.The game's catch, is the fact that you can only move on the music's beat. So its Tibia with Guitar Hero lolThe soundtrack is amazing and unique. Roguelike elements are lacking a bit (not many upgrades on death), but it does have legit concept, that you can unlock boss practice rooms. So yea, its more focused on the player skill instead of player upgrade. Think of this as, Magicite, ftl rogue elements vs Roguelegacy type.Definetly recommend this game. Its short sure, but just as short as FTL, Magicite, Rain etc.. its totally replayable."
,Recommended,247080,19139171,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Seabra,"This game, just by hearing the type that it is, causes most people to doubt it or wrinkle their nose in confusion. You'd probably think that at first too, it's a dungeon crawler, a rhythm game,anda totally amazing rogue-like game. How does it work? We may never know, but one thing's for certain: a game of this difficulty that's this fun to play deserves more recognition. Like, a lot more. The soundtracks, all three of them, all provide something awesome to the game. I've only had it for a couple days now (yeah, I'm that guy who shows up three hours into the party and acts all cool about it) but that doesn't mean I don't know that this is a game far beyond amazing. Cheers to everyone at Brace Yourself Games, you've created a masterpiece of a game that lots of people will agree is easily one of the best rhythm games out there. I'd go on, but there are too many things that are awesome about this game that I'd probably end up breaking the character limit or something.Don't worry Rhythm Heaven, you've always got a special place in my heartBut seriously, get this game. It's more than worth the $15, no doubt about it."
,Recommended,247080,13744920,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Grims,"Somehow this became my favorite roguelike-like of the year. I find myself humming the music at random times. It's almost perfectly balanced for complexity, and as depth is added in development, is going from good to great."
,Recommended,247080,13746455,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Awesome Jew!!!!,"This game is absolutely amazing.  The soundtrack, by Danny Baranowsky, is perfect for the game, and fits the scenery well.  Although the graphics style is not my personal favorite, it is used interestingly.  This game is totally worth 15$."
,Recommended,247080,14072531,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,B-B-B-Beans,Its gud game i like the beats
,Recommended,247080,19140087,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Nashiq,"Amazing concept.  I'd rather see more levels/Items and less characters.  I don't feel the need to go through it again with other characters, but you could if you wanted.  Great music, well put together.  Worth 10 bucks.  Hope to see more updates.a year later I still pick it up and dance in my chair."
76561198122677844,Recommended,247080,24905010,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Viceroy,This is surprisingly challenging. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,28938250,Posted: 2 January,all,CheifMerridew,"I'm terrible at rhythm games, and i keep dying but the unique level design, monsters, battles and not to mention the awesome sound track keep me coming back. Maybe if i carry on playing i wont die every 4 steps."
76561198063802773,Recommended,247080,20829997,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Sporgle Blorgus,Dancing skeletons.Epic music.Yes.
76561198023085258,Recommended,247080,23757481,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Zombietron,>binding of isaac/rogue legacy style gameplay (get items and go places)>move to the beat and slay your way through the crypts>the shop keeper sings>danny baranowsky soundtrack>DANNY BARANOWSKY OST>addicting gameplaywhere have you been all my life10/10 diamonds
,Recommended,247080,13649501,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stephen Fry is hot,The greatest and most unique rougelike on steam. And it's still in Early Access!
,Recommended,247080,20163307,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,alphanimal,Haven't played much but seems like a good game.
,Recommended,247080,19208556,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"An excellent rhythm rogue-like that's super polished in every way imaginable. It takes time to get good at it, but even if you suck it's so much fun. I really absolutely nothing bad to say about it, and talking about everything that's good would take too long. If you're interested, get it!"
,Recommended,247080,26281113,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Peter Germain,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a dungeon-crawler, rouge-like, rythm RPG with loot. You can only move and attack monsters along with the beat of the song playing, so you have to memorize the pattern of each monster's movements and attacks to kill them. It's not as hard as I made it sound, but can still be fairly difficult. If it gets too hard, which isn't likely, you can go into a training zone of the monster you struggle to defeat.Moving and attacking with the beat isn't hard, and deploying weapons and attacks you've aqcuired just takes a combo of two arrow keys.The story of the game is nothing special, and that's completely fine. The replayability is beautiful, and there is also a daily challenge to keep you playing.What I love about this game the most is that although it's hard, I've never rage quit. The fun outweighs the difficulty to keep you playing.You can add custom music from your computer's files, but it will disable achievements.It's a beautiful game with a great soundtrack, achievements, and Steam Workshop support to change the textures (Undertale, Megaman ect.) If you like retro RPGs and rythm based games, it's for you."
,Recommended,247080,15834992,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Litvac,"Crypt of the Necrodancer's a really inventive game. It takes two things that don't really go together--rhythm and dungeon crawling--and mixes them so beautifully. Playing a game like this to the rhythm of music makes it incredibly easy to get into a certain flow. Combat is smooth and challenging. The sound design and OST are phenomenal and really add to the overall atmosphere of the game. Having been keeping track of the game since early in its Early Access days, I was satisfied with the product back then and am even more so satisfied with it now. Crypt of the Necrodancer is truly worth all fifteen dollars you pay for it. I could not recommend this game more."
,Recommended,247080,23183909,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,The Estranger,"If you dislike rhythm games, I absolutely do not recommend this title. Otherwise, and if you like Roguelites too, this is an instant classic; very hard, but very satisfyng"
,Recommended,247080,11516628,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,A Confused African,this game is by far one of the most creative games i have every played combining rythm and dungeon crawling even if you are not a fan of either of these types of games i reccomend you giving this a try
,Recommended,247080,15589169,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Clammatus,"I'm a fan of Roguelike games and i can tell you easily, after 500+ hours on record, this game is one of the best ones out there,  got this on early access and didnt regret it, now that it's full released it's a must buy for any Roguelike lover and for those who like rythim games and,.... the hell this game if for everyone just go and spend your money on this one you won´t regret it.You gonna love this game!!"
,Recommended,247080,30843107,Posted: 30 March,all,diolex,ruined my life
,Recommended,247080,16185673,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Doreasaurus,"You can probably see from the other reviews that this game is good. But how is the music? This is a game that lives or dies by its music. I'm happy to report that the sountrack is absolutely stellar. I immediately bought it after playing through just one zone of the game. Danny Baranowky brings his absolute A game to this whether it be through the Electro Ice levels, the Heavy Metal Fire Levels or the Funky Garden levels. I highly recommend this game to rhythm gamers and rogue-like gamers young and old, new or hardcore lovers of either genre and just everybody in general."
,Recommended,247080,16436668,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Umbreon117,"Great Soundtrack, Great Gameplay. Overall a really fun compact experience"
76561198180172929,Recommended,247080,33498585,Posted: 13 July,all,{DR}Pur,Yea no its pretty good.
,Recommended,247080,20327381,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Meow,"DANCE OR DIE, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,247080,31611745,Posted: 7 May,all,tHeCrazeDoNe,Great game.   Following the rhythm is fairly forgiving; nothing else in the game is.  Very high skill cap and is very satisfying when you finally beat it for the first time.
,Recommended,247080,28967189,Posted: 2 January,all,MEYERUM,WISHLIST	(10)Your StoreGamesFree to PlayEarly AccessDemosVirtual RealityBrowse by genre:ActionAdventureCasualIndieMassively MultiplayerRacingRPGSimulationSportsStrategySee popular tagsBrowse by platform:Mac OS XSteamOS + LinuxSoftwareHardwareVideosNewssearch the storeAll Games > Your Reviews > Write A ReviewReviewing Crypt of the NecroDancerWrite a review for Crypt of the NecroDancerPlease describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.Visibility:PublicLanguage:EnglishFormatting HelpCheck this box if you received this product for freeDo you recommend this game?YesNoPost reviewABOUT STEAMABOUT VALVEHELPNEWS FEEDSValve Software© 2017 Valve Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.VAT included in all prices where applicable.   Privacy Policy   |   Legal   |   Steam Subscriber Agreement   |   Refunds
,Recommended,247080,19086687,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,meeple,"Only 3 hrs in, but it's surprisingly intuitive, and I just love games that let you dig the  walls out. Roguelike with permanent improvements, like Rogue Legacy, but with many different characters to unlock, I see you could play in many different styles as well."
,Recommended,247080,18180485,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Murdoc Niccals,"Okay, so not only can I play this game for hours, but I can also talk about it for hours.God, I can't even express how much I love this game. From the music, to the characters, to the monsters and everything. Just everything about it is amazing!It's hard, especially Zone 4, but it's so worth it. It's ridiculously fun.Also yay for games with strong, non-sexualized female characters! As well as characters that are POC and one of them is canonically genderqueer!It can't get any better than that."
76561198139895014,Recommended,247080,33485709,Posted: 12 July,all,Aieezyy™,"If you wear Y E E Z Y, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,247080,28616329,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pacz Pieseł ™,"Just got it on the Winter Sale for 3,75€, The best 3,75€ I've spent in my life :O"
,Recommended,247080,11483384,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Yoodiv-Have DESURA games? Msg.,"(Previous reviews below are still accurate)Steam Awards Nomination re-reviewRogue-like rhythm game, that should be enough to sell this for anyone interested, but the music is really good, too, and the gameplay doesn't get stale. Even has local co-op. 9/10 for real, not exaggeration.Post-EA review:The game is now out of early-access, and I've been playing the crap out of it all along.  Some sort of magical undefined aspect giving it massive replayability.  I'm not even using custom MP3s because the built in songs are great (and well-balanced).I did buy the dance pad (optional) for like $350 and haven't even had a chance to use it yet, but the game is amazing enough on the keyboard :)I haven't beaten zone 4 yet, but it's tons of fun trying and dying, I'll get it eventually!  Buy it, play it, get good at it, and enjoy the crap out of it.  Best game in a long time.My Original Early Access review:First impression: I played this for like 5 hours in a row, it's so sweet!  Now I wanna buy a dance pad for $300Rhythm based combat and gameplay with roguelike aspects and plenty of gear upgrading!This game is already spectacular, and it's not even finished.  BUY IT NOW!  The .ogg music files are just sitting in your Steam directory, so don't buy the soundtrack unless you're doing it to give the devs more money/support :)"
,Recommended,247080,18350766,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Mr. Bubbles Tea,"Died like ten times to a monkey that plays the bongos and formed two conga lines of zombies.I've never gotten to say that before, I don't think I ever will again.And his song is stuck in my head so now I can't even click on things without trying to do it to the beat. fml"
,Recommended,247080,22928092,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Observer (2),"A new Roguelike game with an entirely new different way to play, Crypt of the NecroDancer brings music into the game but unlike other games with music just playing in the background this game makes music actually be a gameplay mechanic by having enemies move to the music and you as well. Great music, enemies, characters and even having a map editor, this game is not only enjoyable but also has a lot of replayability.8/10"
,Recommended,247080,24619192,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Siska,Get ready to die. A lot.
76561198085047920,Recommended,247080,29484329,Posted: 25 January,all,ElShoneli,just dance 10 looking good
,Recommended,247080,11594278,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lycanthrope,"Insanely addictive.Not much more to say.Except possibly ""time sink."""
76561198127768150,Recommended,247080,32312510,Posted: 10 June,all,Hypershock,"A hard but fair game, with amazing tunes. A great community too. Some of the hardest achievements on steam if you want a challenge. (I'm at 1000+ hours now and I'm still missing 2)."
,Recommended,247080,26714756,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Shocky ft.[SIirius],"♥♥♥♥ this game, I'm going out and play something in real lifehop-skip-hop-skip-hop-skip......♥♥♥♥ THIS BEAT, IT WON'T GO AWAY!!!"
76561198025178701,Recommended,247080,16698831,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,prometheus,"You ever been listening to music while walking down the street and subconsciously (or consciously, I don't judge) timed your steps to the beat of the music?Crypt of the Necrodancer is like that, except when you ♥♥♥♥ it up somebody stabs you and you lose your coin multiplier bonus. But that's okay, because there are about a dozen different weapons - not counting their materials modifiers, which multiplies that by six - that you can use to just stab them right back.Four zones, each with their own surprises and mechanics, enemies with varied movement patterns that make the game feel like chess on a really short timer, really ♥♥♥♥♥in' awesome music, and a shopkeeper who sings along to it! ON TOP OF THAT, there are a few reasons to try and replay the game, including more story and unlockable characters.  I mean, you know, if replaying it for the sake of playing it wasn't enough.Oh yeah, and if you get sick of the music (pfft) you can add your own music. Add some metal, give yourself a heart attack, it's great fun!Honestly, I'd recommend this game to anyone and everyone who would listen. It's that good. If you're on the fence, get it. If you like roguelikes, get it. If you like rhythm games, get it. If you like both roguelikes and rhythm games, for the love of god, GET IT."
76561198019783119,Recommended,247080,16955517,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Evil Sandwich,"Ever wanted to play Dance Dance Revolution but with a bit of action and narrative added to the mix? Well Crypt of the Necrodancer is a good waltz in the right direction! Crypt of the Necrodancer is a rhythm, rogue-like dungeon crawler that has you moving and attacking to the beat of the tune.The gameplay as stated above generally has you doing everything to the beat of the tune by using only the arrow keys, whether your in the main lobby or fighting your way through the next level. You can even set the game up to be played with a dance pad! In the main lobby you're able to buy permanent upgrades to weapons, armor, spells and trinkets found in the levels,  practice against certain enemies, read background about the game and choose which zones you'll be ""dancing"" through along with a few other options. In the zones themselves the overall objective is to find the stairwell to the next level, however that doesn't necessarily mean you should be racing for the stairwell with all due haste. Diamonds, your currency for permanent upgrades, can only be found while exploring these levels, and once you are done with a zone you will only have those diamonds in your next trip to the lobby. Once you decide to go back into a zone you will lose all the diamonds you collected on the previous trip! So finding enough diamonds to buy those ever increasingly costing upgrades can be well worth the exploration. Remember how I said those permanent upgrades to items only affect what you find in the levels and are not given to the characters themselves? Those items can either be found throughout said levels or in the shop in each level. Enemies drop gold in order for you to purchase these items from the store, and if you keep up with the beat, a coin multiplier is added when you kill enemies so you get more gold for your kills. With that being said the levels are on a time limit, can you guess what that time limit is? The music! If the music you are playing to finishes before you get to the stairs you are immediately dropped to the next level. On top of this each level has a boss, and not only will you lose your multiplier combo if the song ends but rather than being dropped into a relatively safe room at the beginning of the next level you will have to face that levels boss immediately if the previous levels boss wasn't defeated.The games uses pixel art and uses it's musical theme in some of the enemy designs. For example the Minotaur enemy's  horns are actually a harp and the reaper has a microphone attached to his scythe. This leads to a very visually pleasing themed art style that looks and plays it's part.The music is electronic and catchy, even making you want to stay on a level just to keep listening. In lower levels of each zone the beat is actually slower so that players adjust to the beat as it get faster with each level.Crypt of the Necrodancer is a fun and enchanting game and is well worth your time and if you have a love for rhythm and rogue-like games alike, this original gem will not disappoint you."
,Recommended,247080,24398899,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Roricorio,"This game is an absolute delight! I'd heard good things about it before purchasing it, but I had no idea just how much I would come to enjoy it until finally playing it.I was unfamiliar with the roguelike genre until Crypt of the NecroDancer, but this game totally hooked me with the concept. It gives things an interesting replay value every time you pick it up, and the variety of items and playstyles/characters give it a lot of depth. The soundtrack alone hooked me when I first heard it, and if anything, I'd highly recommend it for the tunes at the very least.It's challenging, and the learning curve from the first zone to the others is steep at times, but you can try again immediately should you die so the frustration doesn't get too overwhelming. Be careful with this game, though--it's definitely addicting!100000/10, will necrodance to my own grave and beyond."
76561198349195867,Recommended,247080,30460883,Posted: 11 March,all,yucheng.xu,I just feel like it. It makes me feel a little better after playing it. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,26665389,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Sound of Dunder,"This game is goddamn amazing and fun. Simple to grasp, incredibly hard to master. It condenses the many qualities of roguelikes into a fast paced dance to the death that works well with short bite sized play sessions, not that any of your sessions will actually be short because you're always want to do just *one* more run. It even has co-op so you can yell at your friend or sibling for having a terrible sense of rhythm.Also, I imagine this game is a BLAST with a dance pad."
,Recommended,247080,26671982,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ettglasjuice,"Sweet jummy center of rythm based gameplay inside the hard unforgiving crust of a rouge like. The difficulty spike, that tend to appear in most rogue likes, at the end leaves a bit of sour taste but a kickass soundtrack, groovy visuals and challenging gameplay makes Crypt of the Necrodancer a great experience.4/5"
,Recommended,247080,22760252,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,stonecold,"You have to calculate enemy's movements and attack timing. And tap the arrow key with the rhythm of the music. It's easy to say, but hard to do!!!! SO HARD AND FUN!!If you are good at Dance Dance Revolution, I think you can do this well."
,Recommended,247080,19318141,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,matt,this game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥but it's so ♥♥♥♥in fun
,Recommended,247080,24746706,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ben McLean,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a competently executed Roguelike with a gimmick that you have to make all of your moves to the beat of some annoying techno music. This gimmick is cool for only a few minutes, then it gets annoying. Fortunately, there's a character you can unlock called ""The Bard"" who gets rid of that gimmick and lets you play it like a normal, non-musical roguelike, and that makes you realize that it is a solid, though unremarkable, roguelike experience underneath the gimmick. It's not life-changingly good, but it's not bad either."
,Recommended,247080,11481838,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Aleth,"That game is fun to play but hard to master. The music, by Danny Baranowsky, is amazing and it's not that hard to find the right beat to play.You have to move and attack to the beat of the music. You also have one music per level, and one music per boss.Plenty of items, huge replayability, Hardcore and speedrun modes, and you can play with a dance pad!Now, I need one.This game is awesome, and for an early alpha access, it's really promising and it gives you tons of contents.Oh, and if you wanna play your music, you can!"
,Recommended,247080,23718057,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,studkid,"I got this game a few months ago and it is really fun to play!The reason I keep coming back to this game are these reasons:-Great soundtrack-Decent story (after finishing the first character, Cadence)-Great gameplay-Isn't a game you will beat in a week or two-5 different soundtracks-Support for custom music-Mod support (texture mods and music replacements)-Level editor (You need to beat the game with one character first)That all may sound great, but this game isNOTfor everyone!  This game requires a lot of patience and practice.  It's fairly straight forward to play, but extremely hard to master.  The game requires you to beat each zone (individually at least) without missing a beat of the song and perfect movements.If you cannot keep tempo/rhythm, this will not be a game for you.  The game heavily relies on you to be able to keep up with fast tempos.  If you can't do that, this game may not be for you!This game, however could be good for you if you do want to practice keeping tempo.I would rate this game 9/10 for being ridiculously fun, but a bit infuriating when trying to beat the game with a harder character (like Aria or the monk)"
,Recommended,247080,16278488,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,fanuneza,"CotN is probably the best game I've played in 2015. It's ridiculously fun and refreshing, its music is catchy as hell, and you can have a great time either alone or with friends. The game is hard, so you'll take quite long to finish it... if you ever do. Play for a while and you'll find yourself walking to the rhythm of the music on your earphones on the street, haha."
,Recommended,247080,29455386,Posted: 23 January,all,smoovyy,it was very good
,Recommended,247080,26634030,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Yosh,"This game is like The Binding of Issac mixed with Guitar Hero on steroids,Easy to play, Hard to master, this game will make you feel the following:GroovyAngryHypedShockedP.S Learn the red dragon dance your♥♥♥♥♥will thank you for it."
,Recommended,247080,28940347,Posted: 2 January,all,TheSowut,For all you chess players and groove animals !
,Recommended,247080,29888070,Posted: 12 February,all,BeeNana,One of the best games I've ever played!
,Recommended,247080,17190269,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sly,I have barely two hours in it and I already consider this one of my favorite games of all time.Am I a moron or is it that good? Buy it. This is a masterpiece in every sense of the word.
,Recommended,247080,15579359,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Shalon,Music Based Game + DannyB composed soundtrack = Yes
,Recommended,247080,28830135,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shogun Melon,Changed entire music list to Slipknot. Game's rhythm system changed to work with the music.INFINTE RECOMMENDATIONS/10
,Recommended,247080,12268361,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,hibikir,"It's a fun light roguelike, asking for a different skillset than most. To compensate for the rhythm components, the fighting itself is less technical than in Nethack and such."
,Recommended,247080,11588327,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,jawsawn,THIS IS CHILD OF SUPER HEXAGON AND BINDING OF ISAAC!SO MANY OPTIONS!YOU CAN PLAY WHENEVER YOU WANT!
,Recommended,247080,19096419,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Megamaniaco,It's awesome. And the music is even better.Can't seem to get past level 3 tho :(
76561198013683638,Recommended,247080,24450671,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,FantasyKT,"It’s a fun concept. I wouldn’t want to play it for hours at a time, but it’s good for short, small bursts.Pros:Can add your own music (I put it to “Thriller” and “Staying Alive” and it was awesome)Varied enemies that move in their own patternsEach dungeon is randomly created, so it’s mostly new every runLots of extras to spend your diamonds on, from unlocking how to fight a certain creature, to better items to find in chests and even starting the dungeon with equipmentCons:You can’t try to save up diamonds to buy things. Once you go back into the dungeon, all diamonds disappearHearing the same songs over and over can get tiring in one sitting"
,Recommended,247080,15806665,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,eliza main,Took me about 30 minutes to beat Zone 1.Took me 3 Days to beat Zone 2.Took me 20 minutes to beat Zone 3.Seems Legit.
,Recommended,247080,23713600,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Queen Scherry,"Possibly the most entertaining, innovative indie game I've ever played. It still amazes me how good this game is, especially when compared to games that cost three times the price and become boring in half the time. Absolutely worth anybody's time and money."
,Recommended,247080,11881812,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,ᵖᶫˢTheCakeIsNotAPie(✿◕‿◕),"I've had interest in this game ever since I heard of it, and it has been worth following the creation of this game. This game in my opinion is just amazing in every single way, the enemies, the equipment available, the gameplay, and on and on. The main thing to me which defines this game is its amazing music, made by Danny Baranowski (who also created The Binding of Isaac music, and when I learned of this I was very happy).This game is still in early access, and has amazing potential and in the current state of this game, it is overall just amazing and fun to play. Even if you are not the kind of person who has interest in music based games, you should still keep up with this game and its development as the potential is huge. If you dislike the music for whatever reason, there will eventually be music you can use yourself to play the game with!Also a dancepad will be usable for this game.TLDR: Buy it. If you choose not to, keep up with the development of this game, and eventually you will like it."
,Recommended,247080,18420520,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,WorkingClassHero,"Simply AMAZING! It's a rare thing when a game is so completely, utterly original and still manages to execute its concept flawlessly. A must-play for any gamer!"
,Recommended,247080,26329033,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,awfulquilt,A really interesting twist on the original rouge like idea. At first It was heard to get used to the rhythm aspect but it truly grew on me to the point of causing me to bounce in rhythm while playing other rpgs.  Even just playing for less than an hour this game gives me a great feeling and is truly a great mix of rhythm and rpg
76561198059853827,Recommended,247080,24526812,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,2steps,This game rocks! never had so much fun listening to my favourite music!
,Recommended,247080,18436524,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,White Shadow,"I've been addicted to this game since I started playing it. I am not a big fan of rogue-likes in general, but this game is among few rare exceptions.You have 4 zones to beat, each one contains 3 floors and a boss fight. Every zone has its own theme and enemies. But wait, there's more. The enemies each move to the beat in their own unique pattern, and you have to recognize it and adapt quickly. For example, some enemies might be moving along a scripted path, others try to go for you specifically, some might stay still for 2 beats and then move on the 3rd one, others might move on every beat, and so on. It's all very well done.During your dungeon crawling, you'll also come across a lot of items of varying degrees of helpfulness. You have healing items, weapons, armour, rings, spells, and even some unusual items. Some can spawn from the start, others require unlocking via collectible diamonds. You can even remove the less useful items from the dungeons via the janitor, so that there's more chances instead for chests to contain the items you find more useful.There is of course a fair bit of luck involved, as is pretty common with rogue-like games. At times you'll be lucky to find a nice weapon and other useful items early on, other times you'll just be spawning with enemies all around you. It is a very challenging game. You will die a lot. But you do learn to recognize the enemy movement patterns and eventually overcome them.I also really like the whole light-hearted theme the game is going for. I think the devs pulled it off perfectly. The music is also amazing and will just drag you in to the beat.In addition to the regular mode with the main character, you also get to unlock several other characters, which seem to have their own unique abilities (for example one of them can only confuse enemies but not kill, another is only able to use bombs, and so on). It all adds an extra challenge for those who want it. You can even go and practice fighting against specific enemies and bosses if you wish.Great game in general. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247080,11544484,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Zannacks,Very fun and unique game with enough long-term upgrades to keep you coming back for more runs each night. Definitely recommended
,Recommended,247080,16178922,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,M n ka,Dønce
,Recommended,247080,16379382,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Name Changer,On a scale of 1-dank I'd give it a dank
,Recommended,247080,11484813,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,hhh with a z,"I might not have played this game that much, but I am absolutely in love with it. This game provides a fun and challenging experience for all players to enjoy. From the combat and movement system, to the wonderful and energetic music, this game is amazing, while not perfect, as it is in early alpha, it still keeps me entertained. Every enemy has a pattern to it, which means you need to memorize it to do good, there is no RNG nonsense. In the game you move and attack to a beat. Once you break the beat, or you lose your coin multiplier (for cadence at least, not sure about the other characters) which can make the game a lot harder on you. If you can keep a beat this game is for you. All in all I give it a 9/10 at the moment, rating subject to change as more updates come out."
76561198055579125,Recommended,247080,15243667,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Klassy Kat,I had never played a rythm game before this and i really did not expect to like them but this is excellent. Punishing rouge like with lots of unlockables. Hard as hell.
,Recommended,247080,22649730,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,wherewolf0,"Excelent work! The Rhythm part isn't so precise as in Rhythm tengoku or similar games, but it does arise the need of thinking quickly, which makes it far better. With a total of 10 characters to play as, the game has a natural learning curve, which gets of the charts at the end!The Music is excelent,Danny Baranowsky's music is groovy, so are the additional soundtracks from A_Rival and FamilyJules7x.The Controls are as simple as it gets, meaning the dance-pad way of playing is not far fetched.It's a game one might play only 30 minutes of, or try 5 hours to get through hit freeEither way, I heartly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of rogue-like or disco-esque music."
76561198013797889,Recommended,247080,13766583,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FoxCrow,"A VERY fun game. The music is great, the dungeons are great, the items and unlockables are great, this whole damned game is great!That being said (I know it is still in development) but I feel as though the dungeons might need a LITTLE bit of tweaking. After 4 hours of playtime I STILL cant get even past the first level of the second dungeon. It could be because I am a pastey white-boy with no sense of rhythm... Anyway, that doesnt stop me from taking another crack at it every couple days. I'm looking forward to seeing this game evolve as it gets closer and closer to its final release."
,Recommended,247080,14231277,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Sunny D,THIS IS SOME NEXT LEVEL STUFF
,Recommended,247080,22755870,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Wolf,"Summer 2015 was Crypt of the NecroDancer for me. Summer 2015 was also really enjoyable for me. It's because Crypt of the NecroDancer was really enjoyable for me.Amazing vivid art styleA great soundtrackInteresting storylineInnovative combat systemChallenging gameplayChallenges on top of the challenging gameplayChallenges on top of challenges on top of the challenging gameplayOverall, an entertaining work of art.Have you been wondering why people have low hours on this game? It's the challenging gameplay part. Be prepared to adapt and learn quickly from your mistakes and stay persistent."
76561198119838119,Recommended,247080,32900792,Posted: 27 June,all,T.T.,"It's a roguelike game with a fresh rhythm battle system.As the description says, it's harcore. I wish this game would be easier. So I died many times even in the 1st zone, so if you don't like the Dark Soul series, you might not like this game. You have to learn enemies' moves while dying.If you are interested in, try it on during a sale. The price drops to 3$."
,Recommended,247080,30029822,Posted: 19 February,all,Dan Hibiki,"Had a dance-fight with spooky scary skeletons to the tune of ""Spooky Scary Skeletons"".10/10"
,Recommended,247080,14106940,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,noun,Great to play while eating pizza. Two slices up.
,Recommended,247080,34523657,Posted: 27 August,all,boyflea,"WIP review: So far, this is worth getting...Pros:- customisable- lots of cool options- thriving community- kid-friendly- local co-opCons:- harsh (but fun)9/10: loving this..."
,Recommended,247080,32785311,Posted: 25 June,all,Sr.Senpai,"Much more than what I epected, different from other rogelike games. Totally recomended!!"
76561198078237635,Recommended,247080,14570373,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,sirdiesalot72,This is a very good game
76561197970683990,Recommended,247080,15592049,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Dorque,"It's a... Rogue Rhythm game.  There is nothing like it, so if you think yourself a gamer at all you must play it, for it works, and works mightily good."
,Recommended,247080,30641433,Posted: 20 March,all,GG la patate,Broke my neck headbanging too hard to that fire soundtrack 10/10
,Recommended,247080,25041058,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Réy,Move your♥♥♥♥♥to the beat. \(^.^)/
,Recommended,247080,26620345,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zabieru,"Great game that's hard at first, then gets harder as you go on."
,Recommended,247080,26650379,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Remembermekid,"Phenomenal. Amazing visuals, gameplay, and music. Truly a must-buy."
,Recommended,247080,12547332,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sykaas,"Incredibly fun, and will only get more so as the updates keep rolling. Great community, too!Updates have made this game mind-bogglingly good. Everyone should try this masterpiece.P.S. It's the hardest game I've ever beaten!"
,Recommended,247080,18069168,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,GiGiByte,Whoever earns every acheivement in this game should be made president.10/10 would Rage quit again.
76561198044409325,Recommended,247080,13627275,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,I Swear I can Explain!!!!!,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is soooo good 10/10 at first I saw this game about a week ago and thought it was another sorry excuse for a game useing the pixel style as a crutch like all rouges and indies do today, but after hearing so much about it by my friends I decided to take a chance and wow THE BEST MUSIC, my favorite being the Conga line boss with Danceing tiny zombies ."
,Recommended,247080,13628559,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,waypastfuture,"The game is fun. I feel its a little bit too ease to get ""rougue-like"", so maybe rouguelikelike would fit better, I got extremely addicted to this game at first, but its not a game for everyone, I recomend taking a carefull look at it to have SURE its your type of game."
,Recommended,247080,14769219,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,wiwing,"As a rogue-like fan, I must admit that this game is really good despite being an early access game because you can't solely rely on your luck but you also really need to have the skills to complete a level.Pro(s):- Good gameplay by combining rhythm with dungeon crawler- Good design with cute pixel art graphics- High replayability because you can play with different modes and use different characters- An awesome soundtrack by Danny Baranowsky (I really enjoyed the music)- And a little bit tricky (like destroying walls with bomb to get a lot of money :P)Con(s):- The content is still not that much right now because it's still an early access but the workshop content from the community can fill the gap- The shortcut/hotkey for the items and spells is hard to be pressed using keyboard maybe it's different when using gamepad or dance pad since I don't have both- The enemies have fixed pattern and that makes the enemies predictable maybe the enemies need to have combination of patterns to make it unpredictableI highly recommend this game because it's challenging and fun and it has awesome soundtrack, you really need to buy the soundtrack as well"
,Recommended,247080,26624649,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lunar Scythe,"I don't often write reviews but Crypt of the Necrodancer is one of my all-time favourite Roguelikes, up there with TBOI.Challenging, Addicting, Beautifully Composed and A Good Narrative make this a must-get."
,Recommended,247080,15590626,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,vegar the vile,So much fun
76561198054937869,Recommended,247080,11529159,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,The Doctor (MD),"Awsome, but quite the rage inducing!"
,Recommended,247080,15591908,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kerma,"I was going to give this a 10/10, but then a red bat killed me.9/10"
76561198027994280,Not Recommended,247080,34188636,Posted: 12 August,all,Ismaru,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a great game, but not for me. Thats why I wouldn't recommend it, because I didn't enjoy it as much as I had hoped.Pro'sGreat soundtrackWell-done pixel artFiguring out monster patterns is a fun little puzzle on it's ownAbility to use your own music is coolPretty unique little storyThe theme is funny, with a well done fantasy touchConsControls felt oddly placed on both keyboard and controller, but I couldn't suggest anything better eitherSince floors are random, I felt like I could be either really lucky, or really unlucky. There wasn't an ""in between""A small mistake can suddenly mean it's game-over and you start from the beginning. It feels a bit too punishing in the sense that it's too easy to die even if you're decked in awesome items.This game is definitely not bad, I just simply wouldn't recommend it myself. If you like the trailer for it, it's pretty much exactly what you get out of it so maybe consider giving it a try yourself?Was this review useful to you?Please also check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,247080,15915308,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Starving Poet,The game is impossibly good.Nothing else needs to be said.
,Recommended,247080,29850953,Posted: 11 February,all,Mike Pence's Skin,"""Hello sir, may I buy this new music game on steam with some of money I earn by working for you?""""No, you dirty underling, drop your pants and take a deep breath, because I'm cutting your wage in half for asking this!""This is most likely the conversation you had with your super rich boss that forces you to work 18 hours a day at minimum wage when you asked him if you could get the new book by the famous canadian political author, Brace Yourself Games. You might think that this just happened because your boss is an♥♥♥♥♥and while that part is also true, it's not the only truth behind it.In fact, he is afraid and he has to be afraid, because Crypt of the FreedomDancer is a lot more than just some indie book around music, it's actually a political concept that might open your eyes behind what you do and it might end up with you standing up, defending your democratic rights and take back what the sinister communist boss of yours took away from you a long time ago.Crypt of the LibertyDancer, or FREEDOM in short, is a political RTS shooting firefighter simulation in which you take the role of a supressed American worker that is enslaved by the liberal agenda of communists like Obama and Clinton. You have to dance in the rhythm that they dictate without congress approval and while doing that, you are trying to dismantle the system of injustice and slavery that they built up.Level by level you accomplish that by destroying their supression machine in form of evil monsters, skeletons and spiders that come down from your wall. You kill every brainwashed liberal boss in the end of each world and end up in the hort of evil itself, the bureau of Hillary Clinton him very self.Of course, he is entirely invulnerable until you take a guitar named Donald Trump to hit him, then he becomes vulnerable and you can kill him. Once you accomplished that, America is once again free of a dictated rhythm and you can proceed in your life in peace, wealth and prosperity.The symbolism here is clearly political and obvious. You are the great hero that is to dismantle the sinister machine of doom the liberals created, however you have to follow the rules they dictated in order to prevail.How is that fair you ask? Well, it isn't. That's what liberals are about. Being unfair and evil.In order to fully grasp the vastness that this game covers politically, we should take a look into the founding of Israel after World War II in 1473. The United States of America that just created the greatest and most freedom-loving army in world history and in order to re-establish fairness and peace over the world, it was time to create a new country named Is-Real. People immediately loved it and started moving there, creating houses and cities, lived in freedom and prosperity until the dark day Bill Clinton, son of widely known Satan Clinton, came to destroy the homes of those who seeked shelter and freedom in the new country.They started a sinister war and tried to took over the United States by disabling the constitution that our great founding fathers wrote millenia ago shortly after the Roman Empire fell in 1773. That is by the way the reason we still celebrate the day of founding in July 4th with fireworks and turkey.These historic facts are all covered in this game. Illustrated cleverly by allowing the player to choose between various characters you can go back in time and revisit those events and understand why we as free and hard working Americans have the duty to fight the liberal agenda and ensure that our consitution, especially with amendments like the first and second that build the very foundation of liberty in our great world, remain intact, even against backstabbing attacks from liberals.If you think that 9/11 was bad and that we have to stand up and fight the infowar against the groups that try to dismantle our great liberty, you should go forth, play this game, get inspired and go out on the street and fight the liberals.It is on you to defend our constitution and make the world great again.God bless America."
,Recommended,247080,17805056,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Dentarthurdent,Ridiculously captivating. A well-designed roguelike and a catchy rhythm game in one.
,Recommended,247080,22465788,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,fawkineh,"This game is so very awesome. Words can't even describe the amount of happiness this little title has given me. I think what I love the most is you can play this game one handed as you sit back and relax in your comfy reclining chair. It's definitely a challenging title, but not in a way that makes you think the game is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but rather usually a death is the result of a screw up from you, the player. It makes you question your own stupidity or lack of attention that sets you in a rage against yourself, rather than against the game.The music is perfect. Zone 2 is my least favorite of the bunch, but there's so many classic tracks during the gameplay - Tracks like King Conga and 3-2 or even 4-3 are just utter perfection. Danny B deserves more acclaim from this work than he's already received. A rhythm game needs good catchy music, and Necrodancer has that in spades.The daily challenges offer a chance to separate the good players from the players like me. It's a nice touch, offering every player the game challenge, so you and some friends can compete against each other. There's a nice variety of items and shrines you can use to build your necrodancer with. A rougelike with a twist!I wouldn't recommend this game if you're deaf... or blind. I mean, that should be a given. But if you have one good hand and you like bouncing to the beat of some catchy music, you should purchase this title. And then buy yourself a t-shirt and continue gushing about your praise over this game to your girlfriend unitl she asks you to leave her alone. I mean, that's what I did. It worked out for me."
,Recommended,247080,11945763,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,LanglyGoCutYourHairMichaelBolton,"So addictive. A lot of the enemies move in ways similar to chess moves. The protagonists' attacking style (i.e., the whip weapon, follows the formation of a knight in chess). So it is somewhat helpful if you have played some chess. Then, interestingly enough there is a chess boss level. Blood weapons are the best, as it recovers your life/hearts. My personal favourite is the blood whip or the blood raper. XDThe music is unbelievable and makes me want to dance."
76561197997468390,Recommended,247080,14763466,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Aston,"I kept putting off buying this game. I saw the great reviews, watched videos, and liked what I saw. Yet I still didn't buy it. Then it was 33% off so I went for it.Why on Earth had I waited. It is absolutely fantastic, and deserves all of the great reviews that it has.Binding of Isaac was always my go to game when I just wanted a quick play, but now that I have this, I happily switch between them.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,247080,13786129,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Macarius Wrench,"A fresh spin on the rogue-like genre, NecroDancer adds an infectious beat which drives the player forward and encourages a non-stop approach. The soundtrack is outstanding with the operatic shop owner being a particular highlight and surprisingly the techno dance club soundtrack doesn't clash with the gritty dungeon asthetic of the game-world. Thumping."
,Recommended,247080,13728142,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Ishwar,I skipped a beat and it killed me10/10 - would die to another heart attack
,Recommended,247080,20304182,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,DeanofDeeps,"I'm going to highly recommend this game, this ""Rythmn-based Dungeon Crawler?!?"" Yep, you heard that correctly, you are only allowed to move to the beat of the song, and the enemies are only allowed to move by the same rules.""So we are only allowed to move one a TURN, and they are only allowed to move once a TURN?"" YES, which brings me to the great misnomer here regarding the genre of this game.This game is actually the fastest TURNBASED game createdAnd that my friends, is a genius idea. Please take my money, this is a genre-buster folks."
76561198091307138,Recommended,247080,22633941,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Huon,"I know, the trailer looks like colorful, musical chaos. After about an hour, however, it will all look so simple, you'll never miss a beat again, and you'll know that you could have beaten that level if you had only found a broadsword."
,Recommended,247080,13936179,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Goodnight,AWESOME!
,Recommended,247080,12628056,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Red Starling,"If you're like me you never woulda thought an idea like ""roguelike rhythm game"" would work... and we'd both be dead wrong! It's devilishly difficult, infectiously amusing, cute and creepy, and most importantly, the soundtrack is great! In fact, the music is so good that I haven't even tried the rolled-in option to play to music from my own collection. I'm getting sooo close to the bottom of zone 2, and I can't wait to see how groovy and unforgiving the 3rd and 4th are!Dare you meet him in the pit?!"
,Recommended,247080,28770699,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Belmont ™,"The mechanics are fun, the music is addicting, the two player is exciting because you can both fail if you don't keep to the beat, unlockable characters have different and challenge you to play in different ways. An absolute keeper and will always be installed on computer for those days, ""I just wanna play something simple with good music without thinking too much."""
76561198022139497,Recommended,247080,20329793,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,A chicken crossing the road,"If you like rhythm games, this one's a must.If you don't know if you like them, this one will tell you."
,Recommended,247080,12011697,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,squid boy II,please buy this
76561198128923359,Recommended,247080,19852019,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,opaqity,Long story short: buy this game right now. Don't spend any more time in your life without this game. DO IT NOW.Never in my life have I adored a game this much.
,Recommended,247080,12269207,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,John Wasteland,Like Dance Dance Revolution but fun. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15079205,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Jonman[GWJ],"I have a soft spot for a well executed genre mashup, and Crypt of the NecroDancer hits the bullseye of that sweet spot.It's a smart, slick roguelike where a run takes little more than 10 minutes to play, but is engaging from the start. The inclusion of a rhythm-action mechanic, where you're rewarded for moving on the beat of the music is both novel and fun. It adds a sense of urgency (and sometimes panic), while also opening up a risk/reward mechanic of when it's smart to *not* move, lose your multiplier, but gain a tactical advantage in your approach to a given enemy.The enemy and powerup design is varied and interesting, allowing each run to play out very differently. There's  a very strong feeling of ongoing progressive mastery that happens, as you figure out the right way to defeat new monster types and the best way to utilize the items you pick up.Of particular note is that you can brush the dust off your old DDR dance pad, and use that to play the game. Any game that allows you use old ludicrous peripherals scores bonus points in my book. Now, who wants to play a couple of rounds of Streetfighter with a Dreamcast fishing rod controller? FIGHT!Note - while it's still notionally in Early Access at the time that this review is written, it very much feels like a finished game with free content coming down the pike."
,Recommended,247080,12274017,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[QGL] VRBones,Rogue. Like. To. The. Beat.
,Recommended,247080,15077252,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,zachgodzilla,"By the Nine, I had high expectations for this game, and it is everything that I wanted and then some! Even if this game is in beta I highly recommend getting it, becuase it's already full of hours of fun and combat. I also recommend perhaps waiting for it to go on sale, unless you're like me and you buy it the second your bank account gets your most recent paycheck. As a musician I probably hold bias to this game for loving it so much. It's fantastic though... just play it... 11/10 would boogey woogey again."
,Recommended,247080,24195914,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,The Koala,Original gameplay. Outstanding Sountrack. Exceptionally well polished. plz buy :D
,Recommended,247080,12269414,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,FUTURERULER,WHAT?!WHAT IS THIS?!?HHHHWWWWWHHHHAAAAATTTTT
,Recommended,247080,11603065,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Gwindi,Killed a Red Dragon With a Dagger10/10 Would Kill Again
76561198025787036,Recommended,247080,16919464,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,BirdoPrey,"This game is an absolute triumph. Rhythm and roguelike - such different, seemingly contradictory genres, but combined with such a superb execution, is an incredibly unique experience. If you find this game difficult, and you will, I implore you to keep practicing. The feeling when you get into the 'flow' is unparalleled in any game I've ever played. I've been playing this game since early access, I have over 300 hours on it now, and I still play it at least once a week, and don't see myself putting it down for a long time. Game of the decade."
,Recommended,247080,30059893,Posted: 20 February,all,[________],"Oh my gosh, have to be one of the best games out there"
76561198025290292,Recommended,247080,22280458,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,sui89,"Crypt is a game I admittedly bought pretty much exclusively for Danny B's soundtrack. The music in this game is fantastic. So much so that I bought the game for PS4 as well. But the gameplay is extremely difficult. It's randomly generated, but extremely based on enemy patterns. There's very little room for error, and each run can end in the blink of an eye. It's a game I really want to get better at, if only because it's so unique. If you put a bit of practice into learning each of the enemy's patterns, it is incredibly rewarding to beat each floor, especially for the first time. It's certainly not a game for everyone, but it's a game that you will enjoy if you spend a bit of time learning how to play it. And even if you suck, you can still enjoy Danny B's beautiful soundtrack."
,Recommended,247080,22299300,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Yusanis,"+High replay value+Extremely challenging, yet fair+Music that keeps you jamming for days- Most ""Mods"" are skins, few mods are actually tweaks the game mechanics"
,Recommended,247080,23767300,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Misterproof,Crypt of the Necrodancer is an exquisite gem with a perfect soundtrack.I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,247080,23762038,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mooel,Yes.
76561198064284822,Recommended,247080,15715391,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Comical_speedy88,"A rare game that came make me ragequit but then be back on it in 2 minutes because I enjoy it so much. Everything about thsi game is amazing, especially the soundtrack"
76561198171688617,Recommended,247080,23301569,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Chizuru,Really fun and the music is pure awesomeness. :D
,Recommended,247080,24839549,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Vanake14,"The most intense game I've played.It's like chess, but more insane."
76561198125175834,Recommended,247080,12664239,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Ami Futami,"Frequent updates, charming, and addictive.You can use your own music, though it's hard to beat what's already in the game."
,Recommended,247080,22779709,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,[AART]DGSephiro,"I bought the game on Sale, went for the Collectors edition solely for the soundtracks.Totally worth for the music alone.On to the game!This is a like a blend of The Binding of Issac and *insert music based game here*.Being forced to keep the beat and make life or death decisions in time with the score is nerve racking to say the least but oh damn is it insanely fun.For an impulse buy I'm looking forward to hours upon days of time dungeoning to the beats."
,Recommended,247080,22752694,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Arcanous,"Awesome soundtrack, challenging levels, great design, no bugs so far. Roguelike game which has an added gameplay element attached to it: you have to move, attack and destroy with the rythm of the music. And not only that, every foe you may encounter, every trap, every dungeon level has its own rythm as well. The learning process is fairly simple: trial and error, till you get to know how to act to counter that rythm. It's so much fun, and challenges the player in a way many would enjoy, that you could even compare to Dark Souls. The feeling of accomplishment when you finish a level, is indescribable. 100% recomend it, and at this price (currently on sale at less than 4€) you don't have to think twice."
76561197987761138,Recommended,247080,22746891,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,ShadowDatsas,"This is a damn good game. Damn good. Damn it.Unique and innovative, something you don't see often anymore.I play it with a dance pad. Hopefully will get some of that belly removed as I crush those dancing skellys.The soundtrack is superb. I am sad that the graphics are pixel-style, but this is the trend nowadays.Extremely hard though, I still haven't finished ""story"" mode, and I consider this a negative point.Overall worth every penny, without any doubt."
76561198269812804,Recommended,247080,23002422,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Snubby,"What makes a game good ? Well, there are many aspects to look at, but for me, it is all about gameplay and OST.This game combines thre two, and heck it is good at it."
,Recommended,247080,22780462,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Meteoloques,WOW REALLY SOMETHING NEW.I LOVED THIS GAME AND I LOVE KLEI.
,Recommended,247080,31587743,Posted: 6 May,all,BlackSails,I spend whole day with this game damn it was soo worth it !! It is the hardest game i ever played and i got a chance to beat it. WOW! I seriously am impressed by myself! WOOOOOOOOOO!! HAHA xD
,Recommended,247080,12277445,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Luxury Yacht,"This is one of those games that has a very clear understanding of what makes it special and commits to it hard. As a result, the game is an absolute joy to play and once you get the hang of it, you feel like a beast. Using your own songs seems to work really well (I've only tried three songs so far, but they all were great). The default music is thankfully really enjoyable, with the shopkeepers sort of ""singing"" the tunes when you're near. While the game is in early access, it feels pretty complete to me at this point, though I should point out that I only played it for about 2 hours and got as far the 5ish level, what I'm trying to say is, if you buy it now, you won't get a bug filled mess with no content. The game is great, and I expect more great things from devs in future."
,Recommended,247080,11479309,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,pisskin,The perfect blend of classic and modern roguelike gameplay!
,Recommended,247080,29428497,Posted: 22 January,all,Yami Kishi,"AMAZING GAME, even just because when you loosing it's 100% YOU and ONLY YOUR fault, game don't help you fail at any way. And that's what I LOVE MOST in it~Dark Souls is said to be difficult but it has been designed to **** player on every step with traps and not much space so when you die is huge fault at game desgn.Will training my dancing~"
,Recommended,247080,25072870,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Puffy,This game is beyond one of my favorite roguelikes. When you first start out it kinda is confusing on how to move. Basically you  just move to the music. If you dont like that then you can play bard. Bard doesnt have to move based on the beats. But the downside is that the enemies will move after you. The story is fantastic. The game is well worth its price although the only downside i have had with the game is dying alot. You get these really good items and then you die and it just flops. It is a game that is worth being in your library. The graphics are pixelart but why does that matter? Unless you're a graphics fanatic then i guess it does matter. If you do not like rougelikes then i would not recommend it because you will die alot and lose items ALOT.The badeges and emotes and backgrounds look nice on this game. Anyways if you dont like then you can always refund it and get money back.
76561197964928332,Recommended,247080,28673669,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Pommes-Omma,Best game!
,Recommended,247080,28747039,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Awpward,"I have never been a massive fan of rhythm games (other than Elite Beat Agents!), pixel graphics or dungeon-crawler games, but this has certainly made me reconsider! You move and attack in time with music, whilst picking up weapons, powerups and fighting a variety of enemies. Gameplay is simple, all based around arrow keys, but incredibly hard to master. The game itself is very challenging and you will die A LOT. But you keep playing because it is awesome. The music is probably one of the best parts of the game - infectious, catchy electronic music that hasn't got old yet! Defintely worth grabbing this Steam sale."
,Recommended,247080,27584670,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Altus,gr8 game
,Recommended,247080,28925831,Posted: 1 January,all,[IMU]Vitosos BOT-Waifu,Just loving it!The only game that got me into the thing of making modsIf it only had waifu material...
76561198107372793,Recommended,247080,28621855,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Not All Pitbulls Are Monsters,I have come to the conclusion that this is the greatest game ever.
,Recommended,247080,29071816,Posted: 6 January,all,ツღ ҜV∀尺ҜÏ.rM ❥ Chad,"7/10One of the most challenging games ever created by mankind. Seems to be only 4 buttons and nothing extra. But unusual mechanics where you need to play ""Diablo-clone"" by clicking in the rhythm of the music completely changes the rules. Catch the rhythm of the original soundtrack is not easy, and huddled together in one accord leads to the feil of the whole rollers. And well if the player was revived in the beginning of the location. No, he starts the game from the beginning Zones, each of which is generated randomly. If you pass the ""Crypt of Necrodancer"", then all casual like ""Dark souls"" will be, as the nuts snapping."
,Recommended,247080,28947809,Posted: 2 January,all,smalldrthrd,Dancepad sounds like a tough workout to me.Soundtrack is amazing so that doesn't matter.
,Recommended,247080,22242845,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,[MNI]TJ_Dirk,"Could not get past section two, im a bad player."
,Recommended,247080,17424876,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,braxxie,"I love this game! It's been a while since I've seen a good rhythm game (Osu, Audiosurf, Rhythm Heaven).11/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,247080,18340795,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Holo The Wolf,You get to listen to your own music +1You get to kill things to a catchy beat +1I got this game while on sale +1IT has steam workshop +1You can play as a slice of bread and a spoon man +1The main character has boobies +5Total 10/10
76561198263976981,Recommended,247080,26013569,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Adamgoldwaters,根本停不下来。
,Recommended,247080,13641025,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,RaberShef,Best mix of rogue-like dungeon crawlers and rhythm games. It so fun to discover new items and monsters while playing. Awesome soundtrack. Also ability to use custom songs ingame is brilliant.
,Recommended,247080,13649893,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Space Monkey,"Awesome!Buy it - Get your fingers Dungeon Dancing!Easy and quick learning curve, as long as you can tap in time to music,you can go hunting Monsters, Treasures and Bosses.Recommended - yes!"
,Recommended,247080,13791364,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Jager,"A combination between Zelda (NES) and DDR.  Who would have thought it would work out so well.Pros:Awesomely funGreat musicGood replayabilityCons:Early access so things are still changingDifficult game (this could be a pro, as it keeps you coming back)I would definitely recommend this game to all."
,Recommended,247080,13637568,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Llyagushen,An unusual and very well executed combination of rhythm game and turn-based rogulike in 8-bit style package. There are lots of items to help you fight different monsters across several zones with floors randomized for each run.The only flaw - my hand hurts after an hour of play.
,Recommended,247080,13639173,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,indifferencejim,"I can't stop playing this game, which is odd because it consistently wrecks my♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes me angry.I'm not about to let my ineptitude cloud my judgment, though; this game is ingenious. Incredible soundtrack and rock solid gameplay will make you come back for more every time, even if you've already flipped out and set your room on fire out of frustration."
,Recommended,247080,13773258,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Caphall,I'm incredibly frustrated with this game and yet love it all the same. It's hard to explain a rhythm roguelike but I highly recommend it if you're curious.
,Recommended,247080,13617016,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,boog,"Fun game where you bounce around in dungeons to the beat of the music, could easily spend hours playing."
76561198041576898,Recommended,247080,13671638,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ZDORK,"ALPHA REVIEWThe Good- Great music- New twist on traditional hack and slash crawlers- started in .2something and found it fun as hell, and am enjoying the new content/updates- Frequent updates that actually add new elements to the game- Easy to learn, hard to master gameplay- Tough but fairThe Bad- The rage from missing a beat and dying in hardcore mode could result in prison time- Using a keyboard is very difficult, and I would recommend using a controller (have 360 controller - works perfectly)"
76561198065568654,Recommended,247080,14215707,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,MrMario9608,"Things this game has taught me:*Roguelikes are difficult.*I'm not the quick thinker I like to think I am.*My friends can't keep a beat whatsoever.And last but not least:*20 new flavors of annoyance and happinessOn another note, I threw my dagger at a barrel. Couldn't pick it up afterwards.10/10 would throw again."
,Recommended,247080,15616114,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,PugChampion☠,Fantastic Game! Ok so its a rhythm based rouge like with Awesome music!!! also lots of gear and items to collect. Its really awesome totally worth getting.
,Recommended,247080,15610340,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Lion-Lorde-Vandheer,"Crypt of the Necrodancer Review:I rate this game: 8.0 / 10.0Where to start... hmmm... Before the games full release, my friends told me this game was awesome. Looking at it from a spectators view, it didn't feel like a good game. The reason I tried it is because of the game's music. This game has awesome music, and the word awesome cannot even begin to describe how good the music is - awesome is an understatement if anything else. Well, the music better be super awesome because its main theme is a Music-Rhythm Dungeon Crawling Game. Yes, put that cloth down; stop rubbing your eyes, your glasses and eyesight are both fine. MUSIC - RHYTHM - DUNGEON - CRAWLING. Who would've thought combining those elements would make an awesome Rogue-lite game, Brace Yourself Games and Klei Entertainment did. Okay, so, I start playing the game on my friend's game on steam during the early access phase.MUSIC AND HOW IT PLAYSThat was the starting point that sucked me into this musical addiction of dungeon crawling awesomeness. At the beginning, just like all dungeon crawling games, you don't know anything about the dungeon. You start treading about slowly, and then you realize, how come my movements aren't registering very well, are these controls buggy or broken? NO, you can only move according to the beat, you cannot move whenever you please BUT the enemies and monsters do the same, they move according to the beat. This gives the game a semi real time system and gives you little time for planning strategies. Then, when you want to attack an enemy, you just stand next to them or in range of your weapon and click the direction the enemy is at. Most of the time, you will fight and suddenly another monster comes from the top, then below, then the boss of the stage is coming for you. When that happens, you gotta dance with the enemy on the fly. Each enemy has a different ""dance"" pattern, and with that, you ""dance"" with them. This part of the game made me come back for more. When you pull it off successfully, timing the beat perfectly, dodging everything, playing with the game's advance tactics that give a single beat invulnerability, that feeling that rushes through like adrenaline - well it was like that for me.THIS SECTION SEMI-RELEVANT ONLY----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Aside from that, just like any dungeon crawling game, itemizing is also one of the main fun points of roguelite or roguelike games. I'll write a few ITEM SPOILERS here, so if you want to find out what the items do on their own, you may wanna skip this section. Okay, At first, I loved the Broadsword which attacks 3 spaces in front of where your character is facing, not 3 spaces front, 3 spaces wide - in front of you, that box to the left and right. Unlike other weapons, this is one of the few weapons that can hit multiple targets. For the first few days of playing this game non-stop, I always looked out for the broadsword cause it was my main choice. Itemizing that with Ring of Might which gives 1 damage and combo that with a War Drum that let's you stay in one position without missing a beat and also increase your damage if you stand still. You could possibly one-shot a dragon if you use that combo with the War Drum. Then one day, I asked my friend: "" Man whenever I get the Rapier, I feel like I'm bringing myself to death."" Just so you know, the Rapier can only hit one target, with a range of two spaces in front of you. IF you attack a target that is two spaces away you lunge toward that target. Basically you attack and move a the same time, but why would you want to do that lunging towards a boss? If the boss doesn't die from that attack, you take a beating from the boss. Then my friend gave me the theory on how the rapier is awesome, and it piqued my interest. I practiced the rapier for another few days and apparently the rapier fit my style of combat. Then, I learnt that best combo with a rapier, Ring of Courage + Rapier. Ring of Courage gives 1 bonus damage and moves the player towards the target if the target is killed. I stumbled upon this combo, I held both items, and I was surrounded, no matter where I move, I'll get hit, and I have half a heart of HP remaining, anything would kill me, so, I YOLO-ed and dash around the battlefield killing everything in my path but eventually dying at the last 3 enemies because i messed up the beat. Along the dance of carnage, I saw myself got hit, but I didn't die, and so I realized, the Ring of Courage moves you one step forward, and gives you a one beat invulnerability. What solidified my choice of weapons to the rapier was this one time, so happen I have a damage boost ring, damage boost boots and a Glass Rapier, yes, Glass... Glass breaks your weapon if you get hit but it does 4 damage - the highest damage in the game, most mooks don't even have 3 HP. And so, with the rhythm and beats of the dancing gods i killed all of ""Death Metal's"" minions, I proceed to kill ""Death Metal"" himself, the boss with 10 HP, after a few frustrating side steps to get around his shield, i finally got a position to do a lunge attack with the Glass Rapier and I took it. To my surprise, Death Metal died. I just stood there for the next 1 minute, wondering what just happened. Scratching my head over it, thinking that there is no way possible i can hit 10 dmg in one hit, I finally gave up on figuring it out on my own and checked the wiki. Apparently the Rapier does double damage on lunge. From that moment onwards till today, I finished off most bosses with mostly a rapier.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------LONG STORY SHORT, The itemizing in this game is fun and there are so many combinations to try but sadly there are only few favourites among players and people normally only stick to that because the other combinations are not as reliable. Comparing the itemizing to another Roguelite: Binding of Isaac, this game lacks in the itemization department.ETCThe monsters and enemies in this game are very interesting to ""dance"" with especially in the final zone. The monsters make me want to come back to this zone with better gear just to try and fight them again. The story plot of the game is interesting but not amazing. In my opinion, it is a great story, I got mind blown at one point, and then mind blown again when I went to character select. So, once again, in my opinion, I think the story is great. Also, after getting the official full release and playing until the end of the story. I found out that you get to play as other characters to progress the story. That in turn makes the replayability of the game pretty good. Even without the extended story from other characters, I already played the entire game from zone 1 to final zone for hundreds of runs. Finally finishing the story, if im not mistaken, there might be DLC for extra levels or just Crypt of the NecroDancer 2 and I CAN'T WAIT FOR IT!!! JUST TAKE MY MONEY!!!DOWN-SIDEThe couple of downsides of this game, is the lack of itemization options and very limited bosses. Every zone, the final floor will be a random pick from 4 bosses, and the further zones just improve their HP abit and include harder mooks in the boss chamber. I was expecting 10 different bosses in the official release. Only the Final Zone, Final Boss is fixed. The fight was amazing. To put it in words without spoilers, the game basically just told me ""THIS IS THE LAST BOSS, HERE IS SOMETHING ENTIRELY NEW YOU NEED TO GET USE TO TO BEAT THE BOSS, NOW GO!!!"". Now back to the negative points, the very final part of the story is ludicrous hard and I can't say any further because it would be spoilers. I consider that as a negative because it would frustrate people to a point that they would give up trying. If this game had more bosses, and more items, I believe I would give it 10/10."
76561198071706292,Recommended,247080,20004431,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Hatman,"Very enjoyable, and also at later stages very difficult. It is what it looks like: a rhythm-based almost-roguelike game - an unusual combination of genres which works surprisingly well. The game does not have a vast number of areas, but the  levels are procedurally generated so it is not too predictable and the challenge is great enough that the game will not be over too fast. There are also various unlockable characters with different playstyles and varying levels of difficulty, which helps to extend the life of the game. The soundtrack is good, which is crucial for this type of game, although it is occasionally difficult to pick out the beat which the game expects you to move to. The only major complaint I would have is the aforementioned limited level variety which does become frustrating when replaying the same sorts of levels over and over with any one of the several ludicrously difficult-to-play characters in the game. Overall, however, the game is still well worth buying if fast-paced 2D games hold any appeal for you at all."
76561198025242855,Recommended,247080,20011627,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,unlawfulwaffle,"I read in some review (can't remember where) that this game is particularly good because when you die, you blame yourself and not the game. I wholeheartedly agree with that, and it sums up the biggest reason why this is my favorite game that I've picked up from the 2015 Winter Sale (so far).There is enough simplicity to it such that I feel like I know it front to back, but enough depth such that I feel like there's plenty more to master. I finally finished my runs of each individual zone the other day, and I haven't even come close to an all zones run yet (and that's just with Cadence).Great game, right up my alley."
,Recommended,247080,33573900,Posted: 15 July,all,Etch,"Wow intented to try this for a couple minutes... its been an hour.Satasfing, and im bad at rythem games, but love roguelikes, somehow this fits well even if im bad."
76561198061385890,Recommended,247080,33488734,Posted: 12 July,all,Sorgu,"Very good yes, is nice"
,Recommended,247080,21988140,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Note,"I was going to write a proper review of Crypt of the NecroDancer, but then I realized that would take time away from playing it. .-."
,Recommended,247080,26883118,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wishmaker_Latias,"Disclaimer. Do not get this game if you like your fancy 100% game completion rate, as this game's achievements will tear it to shreds. They are not glitched or anything, but some are unbelievably hard.But regardless it is one of the best games I ever played. It is almost perfect, though there are a few flaws here and there, mostly minor.The biggest thing is that playing one of the hardest characters is a decent part of the game's story, most of the characters aren't ""easy"" per say, but dying in one hit to anything, including missing a beat is a little extreme to have to go through to progress the story, even if you don't take the hardcore route and do it by playing the zones individually.I heard that you can do it co-op with Bard as your partner to make getting the last bits of the story more reasonable, but I haven't tried it and even if it helps, you're still in for hell of a ride. (I decided against playing that character until I get a few more achievements)Another thing is how one of the challenge characters work, the one where you have to play twice as fast, but the speed of the music stays the same, which is odd surprising that this is a game where you have to play along with the beats of the song and it doesn't quite work right in that case, but apparently there's a mod for that.And the last nitpick being how the singing shopkeeper vocals clash with the metal version of the soundtrack.But regardless it's a great game with good music and providing a unique and fun experience."
,Not Recommended,247080,14200580,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dr Megaman,"Seriously, I've really tried hard to like this game.  It just doesn't work.  The timing of the first stage song alone falls off-beat early on, and it's rough to try and get into the flow of the game when you're juggling bad timing and a relatively rough roguelike on its own merits.  If you're an experienced DDR player, that won't help you at all - if anything, the beat's way too slow to be comfortable, with no way to scale the speed or difficulty. Whether you're using a controller or dance pad, I wouldn't recommend it.Tip: If you end up with this game anyway, play as the bard.  The roguelike within is okay (not great nor creative), but at least you won't have to deal with awkwardly-timed gameplay designed by people who've never heard of a metronome."
,Recommended,247080,23853808,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,AverageOrBelow,This should be a genre in itself
,Recommended,247080,22757947,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,doomslug,"The price is worth it purely for the music alone.The game, which is excellent too, is really just some nice gravy!"
76561198004344240,Recommended,247080,22775177,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ayrayen,Do you like kicking♥♥♥♥♥together with awesome music?Then you've got a hit!
,Recommended,247080,22820348,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ardisan,Day #92~ I finally got through level 2...*Dies by lack of groove*On Topic:I personally think that there should be a option to have a counter after unpausing so I won't lose track to what I am doing after I take a dump.
,Recommended,247080,22759024,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Chestnut,At first I was like 'meh' but now I'm writing this review trying not to screw up the rhythm.
,Recommended,247080,15546808,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ShadowMario64,"With a lack of rhythm games in general, Crypt of the NecroDancer (or CotN) delivers with Grand Results. The controls only use the Arrow Keys, but it uses this limitation to its advanatge since some item can only be activated via 2 button press and forces you to not mess up, or it i'll cost you a heart or 2. Yes, it IS a simple rouge-like, but the game requires you to plan ahead, know the patterns of enemies, know what items do what, Etc. There are upgrades to the game, but it still requries the skill you had without said upgrade. the Co-Op mode feels weird with player 2 using WASD, but It still manages to work. The Game also offers different characters with differnet play styles, an online leaderboard via Daily Challenge, and Mod Support (lets hope we dont have to pay for these any time soon) The game gets VERY challenging after world 3, granted there are only 4 Worlds, and after beating the random boss at the end, you get a little cut-scene talking about the story of the game. Overall, this game can be enjoyed by most, if not all fans of Rouge-likes and Rhythm games, I give Crypt of the Necrodancer:9.8/10BUY IT, AND ENJOY IT (the 0.2 that isnt included is just some personal issuses)"
,Recommended,247080,11540260,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,CharlieWoo,Indie game of the year. Easily.
,Recommended,247080,13556409,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Fairy Knight Ingunar,"Double thumbs up. Sex in mouth out of 10. This game is similar to Binding Of Isaac, so if you enjoyed playing that you'll love this. I have no complaints and the music is just so beat-iful."
76561198178616535,Recommended,247080,22778980,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ria_Shakkoua,"If you enjoy rouge-like games, an awesome soud track, and killing hordes of monsters in a unique fashion then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,247080,16531342,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Game Eater,"One of the more unique and fun rogue-lites on the market. Good art style, fun and incredibly challenging gameplay, quite a bit to do. The best feature is the music. The score is by Danny Baranowsky who did the music for the original Binding of Isaac and the background music for Jimquisition. The soundtrack is better than the game itself. And that's saying something since the game is really good. One of the best I've heard. Period. Awesome game."
,Recommended,247080,23258991,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Willip Banks,imagine binding of isaac but more crying
76561197965342372,Recommended,247080,21795648,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Xabian,This game is Awesome!
,Recommended,247080,24017625,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,ＢＡＤ life decision,"The first roguelike that i actually enjoy. You are controlling Cadence, a young women who in search of her missing father, has entered the crypt of the necrodancer which is populated by dancing ghosts and monsters, which you have to beat in order to beat the level while following the beats of sick 16-bit beats.  If you do beat a monster AND move accordingly to the beats, you get a gold multiplier, which multiplies the gold you get from fallen monsters WHICH you can spend at shops inside the dungeon WHICH got a shopkeep who sings with the voice of Luciano Pavarotti.WILL CADENCE PREVAIL THROUGH THE ARDUOUS JOURNEY INSIDE THE CRYPT OF THE DISCOTIC NECRODANCER?BEATS ME"
,Recommended,247080,29484347,Posted: 25 January,all,PhateCZ,10/10 would die again... and again and again.
76561198072790885,Recommended,247080,17784262,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Stalian,i like dance
,Recommended,247080,16887123,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"There have been many music-based games in recent years. I remember buying Audiosurf in 2008 and thought that it was so unique getting a game that plays on highway-like track according to the song you play. Many rhythm-based games have been distributed over the years and Crypt of the Necrodancer is one of them. This game is different because it looks like it is set in a randomly generated dungeon with a roguelike character strictly moving to the beat of the music.You start the game as Cadence, a female character you control to collect gear, coins, and spells while a variety of monsters try to stop you. It has a very steep learning curve and it takes a while to get used to moving correctly to the beat despite the fact that the monsters have very predictable moves as they try to reach and attack you. If you move to the beat correctly, you will build up a coin multiplier while the maze turns into a disco like settings since it looks like a brightened dance floor. If you miss a beat, the coin multiplier will be lost and you will have to build it back up again. Each zone is divided into a few levels and the final level will be a boss level. Defeat the boss at the end of the zone and you will unlock a new character. There are many characters to unlock and each has such different moves that if feels like you have to unlearn the moves you used with the previous character. There is a character named Eli who can drop an infinite number of bombs and kick them to defeat nearby enemies. This means that you will have to get accustomed to the different attacks that Eli features that Cadence does not feature. Cadence moves to the beat and kills with conventional weapons like swords and whips. Another character, Bard, doesn’t have to move according to the beat whereas another character like Dove cannot kill enemies, but can exit the levels without facing mini-bosses.Besides the diverse characters in terms of number and abilities, the levels include a challenge in which you can rescue NPCs trapped in a cage that require exploration to find the proper key to liberate them. These NPCs will then become available in the lobby so that they can sell gear, spells, and other goodies that will be useful in each zone and its associated levels.The number of diverse characters, the complexity of the movements can provide plenty of replay value. Also, you can play your own mp3s to see how challenging each level in a zone can be. When playing a song from the game’s soundtrack, it is funny to see the shopkeeper sing along to the music. The music that comes with the game is varied and entertaining. The game includes daily challenges and workshop mods to add up to infinite replay value.I think Crypt of the Necrodancer is a game that was well thought out by the developers, combining coolness, diversity, and difficulty. I think people can enjoy the challenges and the diversity of the characters and dungeons/mazes that this game offers. It is unique to combine the traditional roguelike characteristics of the game with rhythm. Just be prepared to put a lot of practice into the game that requires fast thinking since one mistake can easily force you to start over. Beating a level will always feel very rewarding due to the need for precise hand-eye coordination.My Score: 8/10"
76561198054873122,Recommended,247080,18015186,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Lookay,"Very Fun Game.I ended up turning of the requirement to hit the beat as it can be a pain especially if you want music on in the background, but otherwise a really fun time waster."
,Recommended,247080,19795239,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MPO,"An ingenous mash-up of genres with an incredible, must-own soundtrack.  Two points of criticism are its high difficulty and extreme variability of items, but this is very easy to recommend."
76561198015952718,Recommended,247080,13639185,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zalbezal,This game will help you dance better than those spooky scary skeletons.
,Recommended,247080,22535296,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,TheJas0n,Most fun I've had with a video game in my life.420/10.Also happy 4/20.
76561198151721439,Recommended,247080,15408952,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,WonderGamer101,"This game is awesome! It's got cool music, innovative gameplay, and some nice pixel-art. The difficulty of this game is BRUTAL, if you don't know what you're doing. It's like a game of chess, but you have to think on your toes. If you like rythym games, dungeon crawlers, and/or rouge-like games, buy it right now."
,Recommended,247080,14538460,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,LunaCalx,"Party Hard to Die Hard! Death has some wicked beats!This game is by far the single most frustatingly addicting game I have found and played with great gusto. I the one thing that keeps me coming back to this abusive realtionship with the game is its sick beat. I love how it requires you to do such things as dance and determine rhythm and even though I was in band and marching band much of my life it showed me how good my internal rhythm is. Its god aweful. This game is wonderful and unique and I am glad I made the choice to finally buy this game. Now with that said the game is hard but, that is the fun. The further you get the more excited you become and your progress means something for once. So instead of playing the respawn game at the start of you where ever you died you have to continue from the begining and earn your way back. For some one who wants great music and a fun little rouge-like RPG styled game this is a great choice and honestly well worth it. Planning on buying the soundtrack when I have the cash."
76561197961958206,Recommended,247080,29322223,Posted: 17 January,all,Mickus,"I really liked the music in the game. I liked it so much I just had to keep on playing and push myself to overcome all the obstacles in sync with the music. I had to switch between both hands to be able to keep on playing until they were both so tired and cramped that I had to stop. I cannot recommend it enough, it is a wonderful rhythm game."
,Recommended,247080,16005907,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Spooky Salamander,"crypt of the necrodancer is the best rouge like game i have ever played! its so addicting, the way the music makes the game so intense you will find yourself playing over and over. i like using custom music but, the shopkeepers singing is un-beatable. this game is well worth 15$ i would pay 20$ for it!"
76561198024969210,Recommended,247080,22894541,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,johnbehr,"""Disco rhythm game"" and ""Roguelike dungeon crawler"" don't sound like things that would mix well, but Crypt of the Necrodancer makes it work. It's fast-paced and challenging, and the soundtrack is so good you won't feel bad about getting repeatedly murdered by dancing skeletons and lute-minotaurs."
,Recommended,247080,23033925,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Barone,"This is a really interesting, fun, inspiring game."
,Recommended,247080,15864784,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,harmony of bean and dog,this game is insanely good
,Recommended,247080,13127315,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,AmnesiacJack,Who knew rythm and dungeons could go together so well?
76561197976110189,Recommended,247080,22788293,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Captain Caveman,So much fun!
76561198134301505,Recommended,247080,22761884,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,DigitalToastGaming,I'm a musician who happens to love roguelikes....which means...this game and I are a match made in heaven.
76561198259486235,Recommended,247080,26481917,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,astrxlogical,gr8 m8pretty good game
,Recommended,247080,29177986,Posted: 10 January,all,Mammon's Ultramontane,Gonna have to rent Whiplash again.
,Recommended,247080,13105391,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,56k,Get mad at baby's first roguelike to an awesome soundtrack. 9/10
,Recommended,247080,20994335,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,RedPandaRawr,MUST STAY ON BEAT
76561197963251826,Recommended,247080,30428040,Posted: 10 March,all,Mithorn,This game Rocks your socks off! :)
,Recommended,247080,12737428,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,aaa,Easy to start. Hard to master.
,Recommended,247080,15537485,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Fighting Trousers,"Gimmie boogie in my fingersgame/10, especially for custom music functionnow to play with the gitaroo man OST"
,Recommended,247080,34386823,Posted: 20 August,all,Mister Skeleton,Like Dark Souls with a rhythm mechanic
,Recommended,247080,15530221,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Kozmiic,This game was early access done right.10/10 Best innovative rougelike 2015.
76561198126340720,Recommended,247080,19771015,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,CJwat11,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a special mixture of the rogue light genre and the rhythm game genre. It forces you to fight your enemies to the beat, making the player resort to their rhythmic intelligence and their reflexes. Without a quick mind and sharp instincts, you'll die. A lot. Most of the deaths are the player's fault. Whether it was being surrounded by enemies, or forgetting an enemy's pattern.To quote Cadence from the game.""Every enemy has a predictable pattern. Learn that and you won't suffer as much as a scratch.""This game relies on skill, as you can take any amount of luck in your procedurally generated dungeon and win with enough skill. You learn from your deaths, failures, and misplays.I retrieved my heart from the Necrodancer. Can you?"
,Recommended,247080,11485616,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Freddie Freeloader,Extremely compelling blend of genres. One of the best games I've ever seen
,Recommended,247080,11487807,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,KryptiqGhost,Got punched in the face by a minotaur while dancing with a monkey.11/10 would dance again.
76561198058800356,Recommended,247080,29066616,Posted: 6 January,all,Magnificent Suleiman,"This game is very good. Pretty fun,catchy and time consuming with a story. You can see they put work in this game.Personally though,the music felt like not in sync with the game jumps,I felt like doing two things at a time but thats just me."
,Recommended,247080,31940925,Posted: 24 May,all,HaKainu Mattata,"Top tier game in every single way. Can be a bit frustrating when you get to the harder parts but, y'know, just git gud. Lots of varied gameplay. Absoutely worth the money.DOWNSIDES:-none at all-well... i guess that local co op is weird if you have certain keybinds you are used to. And theres no way (last time i played) to have a preset binding that is used for co op, so you haev to redo it each timeCo op with a friend localy is great, and it doesnt even need the stupid Steam controllers like so many other local Co-op games are doing"
,Recommended,247080,14231229,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,BlueZeta29,The soundtrack is amazing and I love the pixel art style of the game! Nothing else to say...
,Recommended,247080,15118564,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mono in D,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a groovy little gem.The bouncy pixel art style is cute, with addictive gameplay to boot. The random dungeons can be surprisingly brutal at times, but spice things up nicely. I find myself coming back to this game again and again."
,Recommended,247080,11500034,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Ominiix,Yes yes yes! This game is simply fantastic there are no other ways to describe it! Super addicitng dungeon crawler with awesome music to literally play along to!
,Recommended,247080,19092480,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Nyderr,this game has awesome soundtrack.
,Recommended,247080,34853802,Posted: 9 September,all,Cry Emoji In Real,"Hard as ♥♥♥♥, catchy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ and really damn fun"
76561197981859435,Recommended,247080,34793347,Posted: 7 September,all,Hellgatsu,It's impossible to not like this game.
,Recommended,247080,22270045,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Deafpool,And some say Dark Soul is difficult...
,Recommended,247080,16369606,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Crash,YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.YOU DIED! PRESS UP + DOWN TO CONTINUE.Thank Goodness! I finally 'beat' the level!
,Recommended,247080,23605530,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,┼ Melkahia ┼,"One of the best games i've played so far.Challenging (to Hardcore grade), entertaining, you can repeat it no matter how many times and you won't get bored, flawless OST in awesome music genres (Disco, Synth, Metal..)."
76561198083456252,Recommended,247080,28213959,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Wild Eyolf,"PositivesGreat fun!Easy to play!Custom music optionNegativesDifficult to master.You will die lots.How the heck, those achievements, so hard.Result9/10Buy it."
76561198019733506,Recommended,247080,14929016,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Nerdgasm,"This game is a real joy to play, largely owing to the awesome soundtrack. It was written by the same guy who did the music for Super Meat Boy and Binding of Isaac. He has the best style, it's like Techno Nintendo Metal from the future. Don't let the whole 'rogue-like' thing scare you, this game is lots of fun and when you die it just feels like 'meh'. Worth playing for the sheer uniqueness of it imo. I even convinced my non-gamer roommate to play co-op with me today."
,Recommended,247080,23558559,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,pedroeo,"Crawl through random generated dungeons and strike down your foes literally dancing to the ♥♥♥♥ing amazing Danny Baranowsky soundtrack. (that's already in my iPod)Don't mess with the shopkeeper, he has something besides his sick auto-tuned vocal tecniques and deadly weapons, that is ~SPOILER ALERT~ a ridiculous amount of damage output.i r8 8/8 m8 - would groove to death again"
76561198040012395,Recommended,247080,28824179,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shin Sekai,this game is a real masterpiece from the music to the perfect retro 8bit even typing this the rhytm is still going on in my head.i had to try it but i guess this genre isnt for me.still with all due respect to the great game the devs have made i have requested a refund but i think that this game is worth a shot for anyone who loves survival and music.
,Recommended,247080,11482834,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Jofs,Who's that behind the door?!...It's Black Skeleton!...You died!I'm actually really enjoying this game.
76561198020657257,Recommended,247080,29613972,Posted: 31 January,all,Shuck,"A 2D pixelart top-down indie game that's ACTUALLY FUN AND UNIQUE.It's like finding a needle in an incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥, oversaturated haystack."
,Recommended,247080,29865380,Posted: 11 February,all,Vant,"The game's only failing is that the fun falls apart if you don't play to the beat. The punishment for breaking the beat on most modes is you lose your coin multiplier. This doesn't serve as a direct in the moment penalty, but as a penalty for down the line when you don't have enough money to buy the cool things.It has a great variety of playable characters which change up the challenge. I favored the easier ones over the intense deep end of the difficutly pool.I highly recommend it, especially if you love music games. A challenging and engaging roguelike."
,Recommended,247080,29501651,Posted: 26 January,all,RichoDemus,It's really cool and fun but way to hard for me :)Luckily you can play a gamemode that is not based on rythm and purely turn-based
76561198017327417,Recommended,247080,29556396,Posted: 28 January,all,Stitchface,"This is everything I want to see modren game developers work towards. Innovate, great soundtrack, cool concept and style for days.Buy it on principal alone."
,Recommended,247080,29872841,Posted: 12 February,all,Shmalex xD,Tfw a fictional merchant sings better than u
,Recommended,247080,29499432,Posted: 26 January,all,Es-Train,"Unique dungeon dweller with rhythm.Thanks steam and midweek madness,you broke my back again"
76561198186321201,Recommended,247080,29503137,Posted: 26 January,all,★Lucky★,I Like It It A Prty Cool Game
,Recommended,247080,29505759,Posted: 26 January,all,Charlie csgomassive.com,very fun about to spend hours on top of hours playing!
,Recommended,247080,29788096,Posted: 8 February,all,Uruk-Hai,"This is one of the most unique games I've played.  The dungeon crawl nature of it is fun in its self, but then having your and mobs movement tied to the beat of the music takes it to the next leve.  Many weapons and different monsters with their own patterns means that it does take some skill to be good at this game.  And that's a good thing.Tons of fun.  Get this in your life."
,Recommended,247080,29773260,Posted: 7 February,all,The REAL Shweet,"NecroDancer takes a young woman through randomly generated dungeons...  Dungeons in which she must move in time with the music to stay alive.  In her travels, she occasionally comes across people in cages, whom she attempts to free where possible.  In return, they graciously supply her with items such as armor, weapons, rings, recovery items, and more, which she will need if she ever wishes to see her father again.As I've said above, this game is dungeon crawler with a twist: moving in time with the music.  The enemies, which are diverse and build upon each other, are also restricted to this rule.  If you miss a beat, you'll likely lose a chance at making a move that would put you in a more favorable position.  In addition, if the song ends before you reach the stairs, the game drops you to the next stage immediately.I've only played the game on keyboard and the controls are simple enough.  Something to note is that there are many usable items in NecroDancer, which require you to press two keys at once to use them, which can be frustrating if you mess up.  It might be easier with an 8-way d-pad on a controller.  There's quite a few different unlockable characters you can play as, including the bard, who can move whenever he wants with no regard to the music.  There's also a co-op mode that I haven't experienced.Where this game really shines is that you can painlessly add your own music to play alongside.  You can do this by picking the specific level you want to add a song to, choosing an mp3 file from the window that comes up, and the game will pick the pace of movement for you.  I've had fun with songs with a consistent beat so far, and I'm looking forward to experimenting with adding different genres in the future.NecroDancer looks great, with its 16-bit art style.  The way enemies move in time with the music is fun, because literally all of them can't help but dance!  There's an option that's on by default that makes the dungeons look like a dance floor by alternating the colors of the floor tiles.Pros:*Endless replayability, with randomly generated levels and the ability to add songs*A co-op mode*A great soundtrack*Challenging movement that makes you feel good when you get it downCons:*It's difficult to use items when playing on keyboard*The odd movement can take some getting used to9/10"
76561198281797106,Recommended,247080,29498768,Posted: 26 January,all,TeslaTroopR,Delicious beats with great gameplayNeed more OST thodancing all the time/10
76561198111996513,Recommended,247080,29620840,Posted: 31 January,all,The Goul Lunatic,good^^
76561198255233637,Recommended,247080,29669331,Posted: 3 February,all,Eugen,"extremely addicted to this game now.Amazing ost (with badass remixes) and hard gameplay, some story, game mods and workshop with level editor. Is there anything else that perfect dungeon-crawler might need?\Pixie kicked my butt hard.\"
,Recommended,247080,29947298,Posted: 15 February,all,Ebony,"Im in love with this game; I can't get enough. The gameplay is fun and wondering how your next run is going to go is always exciting. (like a lot of dungeon crawlers) What NecroDancer does differently than other dungeon crawler games is there isnt any real artifical difficulty. Everything is choreographed (except those darn bats) and it never feels like you were cheated out of run; you lost because -you- messed up. (or your hand cramped trying to do Bolt Death Metal)I can't forget of all things the music. With a great composer such a Danny Baranowsky and currently five other styles by other artists, you can guarentee at least seven or eight songs getting stuck in your head.All in all, this game has been a great experience and I look forward to see what else is in store for this masterpiece."
76561198219686603,Recommended,247080,29521171,Posted: 27 January,all,MIRON,This is best rouge-like game ever
,Recommended,247080,29613625,Posted: 31 January,all,Puru,"I initially only bought this game because of the Soundtrack.And I am glad I bought the (former) collector's edition.Else I am afraid I would have never heard any of the tracks beyond stage 3...Because I seriously suck at the game itself.But other than that, it's fun, but still frustrating if you're not good at rhythm games, or just have random reflexes when under pressure.... ^-^'"
,Recommended,247080,29499569,Posted: 26 January,all,Straight Facts,"This is a great game with fun and addicting gameplay, getting use to the *ahem* rhythm  of things can be hard. But once you do the gameplay is amazing."
,Recommended,247080,29525283,Posted: 27 January,all,Dylan Becker,"It's kind of like chess, dance dance revolution and every generic RPG ever had a big orgy sesh, and somehow a baby with everyone's DNA popped out. Sounds like a mutant, but its actually pretty solid. Genre breaking, that's for sure."
,Recommended,247080,14681406,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Chewie,best rhythm game everBUY IT
,Recommended,247080,12713617,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Shoompon,Dance with the dead soundtrack or with your mp3BEST ROGUE-LIKE EVER
,Recommended,247080,14672784,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,It's Dingle!,"You *need* this game. Seriously.EDITNow that the final release is out I'm updating my review. Crypt of the Necrodancer is one of those games you really just have to play to understand the hype, and yes this is one of those rare cases where the hype is 100% justified. The game just hits every note perfectly (haha). The gameplay is increadible. Even though the look is familiar, the mechanics are like nothing else out there (which is quite a feat in todays gaming age) but still seems to satisfy on some primal level. It's kind of like speed chess if it were fun. Each enemy moves in a unique pattern and each item effects the behavor of your character. Every move could either result in success or death, but you only have a split second to decide what to do. It really puts you on the edge of your seat especially when playing ""all zones"" mode. Then there's the music. It's amazing. In fact it's so amazing I bought the soundtrack version and uploaded the songs to listen to on my iPod. Of course thats the kind of music we've all come to expect from Danny Baranowsky of Binding of Isaac fame. The great thing about the music is that it makes you dance. Not in the game, but in real life. I can't play this game without dancing around with a big grin on my face like a complete idiot. My fiance thinks its hilarious, whom by the way, can't stand video games yet still found this game to be entertaining. On top of all that the execution is really what brings it all together. The way the shopkeeper sings to the music, how the music in the fire/ice stage transitions from metal to classical music seamlessly, the quirky sprite animations, and the light up disco tiles, it really brings a smile to your face. Its games like these that remind me why I game in the first place. I'm really quite pleased that amidst all the Call of Duty garbage you can still find little gems like this one.I really can't recomend this game enough! :DCan't stop dancing/10"
,Recommended,247080,14839557,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Strawberry,this game is worth buying . I like the unique mechanics of the game and how it combines music and RPG. Its really awesome game and i recommend it to everyone who has good rhythm. I also love to just stay in shop for a while and listen  to shopkeepers singing .
,Recommended,247080,14568011,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Facelag,"As a first foray into dungeon crawlers, it would be a really fun dungeon crawler by itself without the rhythm portion, but even better with the rhythm portion."
76561198156472460,Recommended,247080,19067268,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Thomas_Tansdun,"Clever, Amazing, Addicting."
76561198016444009,Recommended,247080,13097503,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,俺にまかせろ,get into the rhythm. take it easy :)
76561198029402002,Recommended,247080,12266836,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,SilentSnowfall,One of the best musical games I have ever played! If you like music or rpgs this is a must!!!
76561198017708643,Recommended,247080,12311067,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sweghetti Yolognaise,"Puns, beats and a must-have for any Rogue fan"
,Recommended,247080,29702191,Posted: 4 February,all,vult boi,"I. Love. This. Game!(Even though I suck at it.)When I started playing this game, and I couldn't beat the first stage, I wasn't really good at catching rhythm in songs. But now, it's a piece of cake! You can really learn from this game. Anyone who is making music should try it out, to test their rhythm skills, and maybe learn how to play rogue-like dungeon games :PIt has a total of 10 different characters (and another one in the DLC), each having different playstyles than the others.The soundtrack is amazing! It's made by Danny Baranowsky. It features 24 tracks in the base, and 5 extra in the DLC! (on 4th of February 2017, I don't know if Dan will make more soundtrack (which I would really like, it's amazing))Not to mention, there are a couple remixes in the game too!-an EDM remix by A_Rival;-a metal remix by FamilyJules7x;-a freestyle retro remix by Jake 'Virt' Kaufman;-a synthwave remix by Girlfriend Records;-a (i don't know what music type it is) remix by OverClocked;-and a chiptune remix by Chipzel, featured in the Xbox One version!You can also upload your own tracks, and this game will even find the rhythm!The only problem I have with this game, it's really hard. You have to stay concentrated, feel the rhythm, know the patterns and think fast - I often find myself dying from little mistakes, but that's the process of learning, right?I recommend it for everyone. It's worth it, and I love it. You might rage a bit, miss a couple beats and die, but don't all games do that? If you like challenges, this game is for you! But I don't get it, why people say it's not a game for casual players. Who really cares? It's an amazing game! I found myself enjoying it all the time. GET IT!Have fun, and don't forget you have a shovel :necroshovel:"
,Recommended,247080,29557510,Posted: 28 January,all,SideFFect,"I was skeptical of the concept at first, bought the game on sale; if I had a demo I would have paid full price for this.Excellent music, great story, nice little touches, and tons to do.And that beat.Cant(wait)Stop(wait)Moving(wait)"
,Recommended,247080,29603927,Posted: 31 January,all,PSCHC,DIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS LIT FAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198160596369,Recommended,247080,29892252,Posted: 12 February,all,hankymueller13,"Rhythm Rogue-Like... Why not?Seriously though, buy this game."
,Recommended,247080,12635813,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,meowmento mori,"really good concept that doesn't ever really feel stale, even after many playthroughs. future updates look very promising, as well."
,Recommended,247080,29513255,Posted: 26 January,all,Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide,One of the best rogue-like games I've ever played.
,Recommended,247080,23829350,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,darbyyyy,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,247080,23823244,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mwalls,"The concept alone deserves a thumbup,not to mention the content is awesome.Perfect combination of rhythm and dungeon games,  10/10."
,Recommended,247080,23830587,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Lalonde,"I'M REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF, I TOOK A LONG ♥♥♥♥ING TIME TO REACH THE ♥♥♥♥ING END BOSS OF ZONE 4, THEN THIS ♥♥♥♥IN' GAME JUST ""OH HEY, WHY DON'T YOU PLAY WITH TWO CHARACTERS AND BEAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING TRUE END BOSS"" THEN I GOT ♥♥♥♥ING REKT HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY I NEVER BEEN SO MAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE, AND NOW I KEEP TYPING IN THE RHYTHM OF THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME I CAN'T EVEN EXPLAIN, BUT IT'S A NICE GAME YEAH BUY IT IF YOU LIKE GUITAR HERO WITH SOME SALT.But seriously, this game is pretty good, no regrets.EDIT: After many attempts and rage with the Zone 4, I managed to beat it with Cadence AND Melody. And I guess I'll never beat with Aria. GG"
76561198008627277,Recommended,247080,23802005,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,TheRanchMonster,Great soundtrack with an original game mechanic. Buy it
76561198069083342,Not Recommended,247080,35282354,Posted: 28 September,all,Gort,"Not my cup o' tea.the music is nice, of course, but the RNG is way more than I'd like. I wasn't expecting the difficulty spike either and that kinda sours my milk every time I play.It's got some of the roguelike elements I hate the most. Randomized room layouts and enemy placement, which can frequently drop you in a situation where you cannot avoid damage or death. I don't feel challenged, I feel overwhelmed. The only bosses I found hard were the ones who were just invincible, or who spawn hordes of minions during their fight.The art is nice and I like the concept of the game. It's a good idea and has some fun elements to it, but again the roguelike elements come and kick ya in the teeth."
76561198021131234,Recommended,247080,12283638,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Praesidium,"I haven't put a lot of hours into this game yet, but it's probably one of the best games I've played in a long time.I generally like most rhythm games, but to have one that incorporates an adventuring game within it, and doing so VERY successfully, is rare to find.  This game doesn't require much time to play through a single round of it, but you can easily lose a lot of time in the game.It's certainly a title to pick up if you enjoy well composed original music set to a rhythm style play that doesn't require ""twitch-skills"" and also want to adventure through a few dungeons and killing a few baddies along the way."
,Recommended,247080,23944616,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,egoat08,DO NOT BUY IT WITHOUT GETTING THE COLLECTORS EDITION. The music is too good.Crypt of the NecroDancer is a game where you move to the changing beat of songs in the game while having to think fast and on your feet. It is very difficult and each zone takes a while to complete and longer to master. Plus it is very mod friendly and you can use your own music. It's a very fun roguelite game where you unlock more items and permenant upgrades as you go and definately pick it up during a steam sale if your wallet is a little tight.
,Recommended,247080,23845510,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Münchausen by Proxy,you can play this game while listening to Daft Punk
,Recommended,247080,23849324,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nasthesy,"One of the best Soundtrack I've ever heard in a game,Deserving a positive review only for this considering that the entire game and controls are based upon it.♥"
,Recommended,247080,29497987,Posted: 26 January,all,Chowderchu,This game is so good. Such a genuinely great concept executed in such an exquisite manner. 14/14 stars.
,Recommended,247080,26576068,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Snaekie,Awesome game!
76561198286160103,Recommended,247080,26551768,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DryLanD,DIGDUG SIMULATOR 2016
76561198073415659,Recommended,247080,23930653,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,QueryCrook,My only complaint is that it ends.
,Recommended,247080,19284173,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Tillburg,"Amazing soundtrack, visuals are pleasing, and fairly difficult. This game brings a lot to the table."
76561198257263022,Recommended,247080,29303013,Posted: 16 January,all,sniprino,groovy
,Recommended,247080,29326442,Posted: 17 January,all,Spekkio,Best roguelike ever made. Hands down.
,Recommended,247080,11529284,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Metal Socks,Pros- Dancing SkeletonsCons- ???
76561197974896519,Recommended,247080,12976561,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Light'Em,Danced my Enemies to death.10/10 on beat.
,Recommended,247080,14455247,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Just Another Guy,The music is made by Danny Baranowsky... All you really need to know.
,Recommended,247080,16685320,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sea-shroom,I love this game-Awesome music-So much rage-Fun gameplayThis game is really good 9/11
76561197984240645,Recommended,247080,17287456,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Aquanaut,"Easily the best, most entertaining, adictive  rogue-like on steam.Fantastic soundtrack, Gameplay  completely unique, ever-changing stages, several characters and each with their own style/skills.Quite difficult but truly rewarding. Can´t point a single flaw or weakness.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,22786797,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Leonicus,"I literally cannot stop playing and I have too much to do right now, I need help uncle Steam"
,Recommended,247080,15040505,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,mankow,"Best and only rhythm roguelike game there is. Even if there were more games of this genre, this would most likely still be the best."
,Recommended,247080,12683105,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Mawdern,"Rhythm? In my Rogue-Likes? It's more likely than you think!Game is really fun, music is really good. Everything is great. Hard at first, but you get used to it. I recommend it greatly."
,Recommended,247080,11518330,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ViperyX,"Dancing Zombies, 10/10, GOTY!"
,Recommended,247080,13114035,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,ur momz lovr,This game helped me discover how ♥♥♥♥ing slow I am.10/10
,Recommended,247080,22864552,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,OwO,this soundtrack is amazing...
,Recommended,247080,15705445,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,EmmmE,Awesome! So much fun and music. METALLL!!!
,Recommended,247080,32671914,Posted: 23 June,all,Spooky Dude,one of my fav games tbh
,Recommended,247080,12983598,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,bobanas,Yes!
,Recommended,247080,14533525,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,MapRoom,"This fun ""rogue-lite"" has you dancing to the beat to destroy monsters and discover the secret of the Crypt of the Necrodancer. Though this game would seem overly simplistic if it were turn-based, the rhythm aspect turns up the heat and keeps you on your toes. Even in early access, this game is a hit. 9/10, would boogie."
,Recommended,247080,14803040,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mex-dragon,"I haven't played much, but it is a really fun game, great music, my body kept moving to the rythym"
,Recommended,247080,15528883,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SquidDNA,"Oh, this is very good. Reminiscent of Spelunky and Dredmor."
,Recommended,247080,15510382,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Marcus (Jehhuty),Best title name ever.
76561198042030311,Recommended,247080,32893530,Posted: 27 June,all,[DFS] Loco Fang,"If you like rhythm games, this is definitely for you."
,Recommended,247080,12099696,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,The Bathhouse Brawler,Slayed a dragon to the beat of Rules of Nature with a titanium buster sword 10/10 would slay again.
76561198160794634,Recommended,247080,15054585,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Jin11193,"You know you're hooked once you start scrolling your mouse/tapping your keyboard to the beat of the music even when it's not playing.Also, buy it for the singing shopkeeper. He is magnificent and will make your life better."
,Recommended,247080,15120072,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Chaos.BAT,"It's an indie game that is in early access, gets updated frequently, and is good. Honestly, I don't know what more you could ask for."
76561198011176972,Recommended,247080,11500935,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,PjsPjs123,"The gameplay is simple and fun, the music is great. This game isn't finished? Could've fooled me."
76561198054190517,Recommended,247080,19019781,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,MisterFate,"Finally a game where I can play with just one hand!8.5/10.Over all Crypt of th NecroDancer embarks into a old school retro dungeon adventure that has you playing to the rythme of the music while ingaging monsters, avoiding traps and completing puzzles. Every map feels different from one another which makes the dungeon experience that much more enjoyable.You earn gold to buy armor, weapons, magic, food ext... While collecting diamonds to purchase upgrades for your hero at the main menu. You can also unlock different modes and characters to further your dungeon experience.I would recommend this game to anyone that enjoys rythme games, dungeon games or just a quick game that doesn't require you to sit down for over an hour long to complete a map.This game needs mounts added... I want a Chupacabra mount!I wonder what kind of things I can do with my other hand while playing this game..."
76561198072284660,Recommended,247080,15534156,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Revan,"This is the most fun, cuted and catchiest games ive ever played."
,Recommended,247080,11495078,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,maDEMOman,very annoyingly good XD it will be hard to those who cant keep a rhythm :Pa great way to put this as a game would be -RFG : rhythm fighting gamecustom music section is great too! but can be a bit hard if the beat changes midsong XDBrian Blessed approves of the shopkeeper
,Recommended,247080,14726262,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Sprengi,← ↓ ↑ →
,Recommended,247080,14066037,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,The Fabulous Seagoat,10/10 Would dance again
76561198025101236,Recommended,247080,14740069,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ZeroCyanide,"A surprising but well executed combination of a roguelike rhythm game that I greatly enjoy! The game is still unfinished, but what is there is very polished!"
,Recommended,247080,16335298,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,cookie_slap,If you like rhythm games you will love this... if not ... that sucks I guess
,Recommended,247080,15648114,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Kazuma,"Twelve hours so far and this game is being incredibly fun! It's very casual if you just want to spend time, but at the same time you actually have a lot of progress the more you play the game.You pick up diamonds that let you buy upgrades, so everytime that you play the game, you're having a bit of progress and just wasting some minutes on a casual game. Also, the sound beat based game mechanics are insane! I highly recommend the game!68 hours edit: this game went from a simple casual to a huge challenging game. Once you beat the game with the main character, you start to unlock new and even harder characters, and the challenge keeps going on! It's insane how the developers made it fun, creative and challenging."
76561198162664963,Recommended,247080,14405662,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mr.Thunder,What a ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING game.Such epic music.Just buy it already
,Recommended,247080,16363046,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,It's hard but it's really fun. There's a bit of a perma-upgrade system that makes re-running over and over worth it.
,Recommended,247080,13727854,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Captain Hammer,"Great game. It's worth playing if you get it now in alpha, but as with most early access titles I recommend you don't buy it yet unless you just really can't wait until it's done to play it. About 1/4 of the game (the finale) isn't there at all, a few items need tweaking, and some of the music (especially in act 2) needs to be better. It also lacks a diversity of enemies that I expect the final game will have."
,Recommended,247080,11486223,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Eonwe,This game owns hard as hell
,Recommended,247080,25178426,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sap,Dank af 11/10
,Recommended,247080,22486376,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Chicken,Its just amazing!
76561198040914212,Recommended,247080,11488771,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Nichoals,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxaT6b1vmXM
,Recommended,247080,15514315,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Helix,10/10
,Recommended,247080,26224963,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,fat duck,Buy it.
,Recommended,247080,14900228,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,JustAnotherStrawberry,"One of those games that you can't seem to stop playing – the music is great, and the game itself is excellent."
76561198012858972,Recommended,247080,13244952,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,YAX3EX,It's like I am bread but with dancing.
,Recommended,247080,22345724,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,doc,The love child of Audiosurf and The Binding of Isaac.11/10
,Recommended,247080,22993324,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Metalchosuke,So far I have found only one major flaw:Me listening to music instead of playing the game ^^
,Recommended,247080,15685714,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Axem,The best game I've played this year.
,Recommended,247080,22758727,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Giant Dragon Dildos,"I am terrible at this game... I think.While I do die a lot, this game never ceases to be fun. Oh and also, the ♥♥♥♥ing music is prime, I would highly recommend buying the collector's edition so you can have all this wicked music for yourself.QUICK NOW, WHILE IT IS ON SALE"
,Recommended,247080,30444230,Posted: 11 March,all,CRUNCHY,You can deniedthis is the BEST GAME EVER!!!i play it about like 5 hours and up!!!!SPOILER!!!ZONE 3 IS HELL!
76561198047669191,Recommended,247080,22351086,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SatelliteOfLove,"Another great peanut butter & chocolate indie darling that was hard to put down. Taking the ""everyone and everything takes a turn"" regimen of Roguelikes and putting it to a booty-moving beat is the kind of brilliance that is a big reason why video games are fun. Many different characters to play as, the graphics have deft shading on them (take that about eleventy gorillion pixel art games!), the upgrades are deep and full of pluses and minuses, and the game does the ""unlocking of upgrades"" deal much, much better than Rogue Legacy did by shunting it off into a seperate mode. It's just a great silly time."
,Recommended,247080,13166853,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Dani,"I can`t stop dancing,"
,Recommended,247080,12844851,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,oOElevateOo,"played this game for about 30min so far, and it was flawless.  I didn't care for the startup of the game and you had to see if there was any latency between audio / video and the game, mine ended up being 0ms i feel like this coule be bypassed and then a warning displayed showing instructions on how to sync up if someone feels it it not right.i look forward to playing this a lot more. fun game and remarkably stable for being alpha."
,Recommended,247080,33053808,Posted: 30 June,all,uVeins,"Had a good time, alhough the game really didn't click for me. Music is rad af"
,Recommended,247080,11492032,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,RobotGizmo,"Great soundtrack, amazing gameplay. Hilarious."
,Recommended,247080,22794712,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,Genuine Advice:Don't use Death Metal as custom tracks.You're going to cry.Learn from my mistake.Please.
,Recommended,247080,32653447,Posted: 22 June,all,Allbionn,Really good!
,Recommended,247080,32553936,Posted: 18 June,all,numero uno loser,"With just around 150 hours in this game, completing Aria all zones and being able to repeatedly beat Cadence all zone modes with proof of the Undeadly achievement I think I can now finally say that this is an absoLUTEly amazing game and I will continue to play it and unlock all the achievements which will probably take like 50 years for me.Reasons to not buy (Cons) - Of course some people may not like this type of game because how difficult it is when they start out and they aren't willing to put the time in so it really depends on the type of person who plays- Possibly a bug or two but only noticeable when far into this game with double tempo characters or watching replaysPros- Actually the best soundtrack I have heard in a PC game- Different soundtracks which are remixed versions of the Danny B. soundtrack- Difficult- A very nice and well done rhythm based game and introduced me to rhythm based games- Wide selection of items with ranked rarity and balancing- Can be way more difficult if it is to easy- Permanent upgrades for single zone runs if it is to difficult- Very simple controls- Built-in speedrun timer for all zone modes- Workshop mods- Custom music- DLC features a rapping mole.- PUNS OH YES THE PUNSNotes- I thought it was similar to the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon games but the turns are with the rhythm of the music- DLC is in early access and features some more balancing with old items and enemies, but I'm not sure once the DLC is released if they will give the vanilla version the balancing of annoying things *cough* goolems *cough*"
,Recommended,247080,19038932,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,VibronicTea,I came here to dance.
,Recommended,247080,26211068,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chance,"Yeah its worth, on sale."
,Recommended,247080,35109909,Posted: 21 September,all,Chdata,"This is one of those games I've heard people talk about for being cool.And it is.I usually dislike randomly generated games, but that's probably because they're actually boring and have bad music, unlike this game."
,Recommended,247080,34992396,Posted: 16 September,all,Channel Tv Box,리겜 좋아하는 사람은 ㄹㅇ 재밌게 할 수 있음무었보다 난 리겜충이니까 ㄹㅇ 재미있음브금도 ㅈㄴ 흥하고 이히히히히히히힣지금 4000으로 세일하니 사고싶은 사람들은 빨리사시길 :D
,Recommended,247080,15530708,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,samiadji.fr,having a serious blister on my finger. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,27292379,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spicy Shrek,This game is very hard but fun at the same time. You have to move with the beat!Also funky music i like it.I recommend.
,Recommended,247080,11495790,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,pikkukalsari,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rhytm based dungeon crawler with some roguelike elements and great tunes.CotN is a turn based game where every beat serves as a turn. This means that if you miss a beat you miss a turn. You basically need just 4 buttons to play the game: left, right, up and down. These are used also in combination to use items and spells by pressing up+left to eat an apple i.e. though you can assign a single button for these functions also.You find consumables from the levels to heal yourself, spells like fireball or freeze and different weapons and armors. There are also diamonds that serves as a currency in the games hub where you can purchase persistent additions to your adventuring. Besides additional health the rest of the upgrades are added to the map generation for you to find.Enemies are varied as in how often they move (in beats) and in which patterns (up and down, following you etc.) and bosses are tougher and more damage dealing creatures of course.What makes CotN different is the rhytm-system. Roguelike-type-of-games are usually hard already but NecroDancer makes you do important decisions on the fly and likes to punish the player for hesitating. If you thought Spelunky was hard you've seen nothing (this is a warning). You have to study the movements patterns of the enemies and find the right timing and way to deal with each enemy. This changes with your gear since some weapons allow you to attack diagonally and you have to consider the right timing to launch that spell you've been saving.Pros:-Music, music, MUSIC.-Fast paced, quick runs-Graphics are lovely-Challenging-Different game modes and co-opCons:-I didn't like the color effect that you get when coin multiplier gets higher,makes the game look messy particularly in the second zone.-Not sure if the music/movement calibration is the most accurate possible solution-If the beat calibration is of it's pretty much impossible to play the hardcore mode-Could have more items that alter the gameplayVery good distraction for coffee break gaming and for the laughs with friends.I felt that the price was a bit high for the game but not for the soundtrack - and thisdoesn't mean that the game is bad - just that Danny B makes some badass tunes."
,Recommended,247080,32655101,Posted: 22 June,all,Ingra,Absolutely amazing piece of art!
76561198353380852,Recommended,247080,32737063,Posted: 24 June,all,Aaron,This game is actually one of the best games on steam.
76561198056789127,Recommended,247080,32735023,Posted: 24 June,all,Chad2430,"Bought for the soundtrack, stayed for the gameplay.Asking if I want to recommend this game is a rhetorical question!"
,Recommended,247080,11555263,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kort,BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!! If you like rythym games at all this will definitely scratch that itch you have. That and you can't go wrong with any game that Danny Baranowski does the soundtrack for.
76561198064969919,Recommended,247080,32777933,Posted: 25 June,all,n7225488,Got dominated by the BGM.
,Recommended,247080,28838310,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,angie,"Not only did I found my sense of beat, I think I also found the purpose of life.10/10The meaning of life is hidden in this game."
76561198090004991,Recommended,247080,32792312,Posted: 25 June,all,Lonely Jester,Fun
,Recommended,247080,29634557,Posted: 1 February,all,kremennik ♥,Great. A bit short though
,Recommended,247080,29719352,Posted: 5 February,all,krikun98,Robot Roller Derby Disco Dodgeball's soundtrack works excellently as custom music.
,Recommended,247080,29904628,Posted: 13 February,all,scooterboy,I can't believe how good this game is.
76561198200639905,Recommended,247080,29720307,Posted: 5 February,all,SimonPl4yZ,Great game.
76561198002124849,Recommended,247080,29914279,Posted: 13 February,all,Fou-Lu,"Great cross of Rogue-like and DDR. Why does it work? Donno, but it's heavily addicting.Recommended."
,Recommended,247080,12285124,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Panda354,Am i the only one who can only play with bard?Cadence is ♥♥♥♥ing hardI got the beat but my brain so slow made me not react correctly each time...Damn i hate ice dragonOh..and am i the only one who sing with the shopkeeper?
,Recommended,247080,12297065,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Basic Island,Just beated Area 3 and I can't get enough of this game. It is addictive like that.Just gimme moar already.
,Recommended,247080,23905203,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lars,"This game combines two of the best things in life, roguelikes and awesome music.A little tricky right at the start, but once you've learned the enemy patterns the skill ceiling is quite manageable.Very satisfying to play when everything clicks, and you slay dozens of monsters to the beat.If the included music isn't good enough you can add custom music as well, so you can bounce around the dungeon to phat Beethoven beats instead if you so desire."
,Recommended,247080,26332947,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DragonBorn,Awesome GAME!!!!
,Recommended,247080,13632660,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Saint Satan,Hard but fun.  If you want to hate life while playing a video game then this is for you.
,Recommended,247080,13632898,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Indigo Sykes,"Delightful rhythm-based rogue-like. Music is top notch, and the gameplay is fairly addictive with purchasable upgrades between runs."
76561198009801966,Recommended,247080,22957012,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[BSG] Lathe,"It was a little tricky to get down at first, but the fact that I can explode skeletons, slimes, dragons, and other things while hopping around to the techno beat in an 8-bit, random-gen, top-down, dungeon-crawler style game is awesome."
,Recommended,247080,24587884,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,spooky tumblebutt,A+ soundtrack
,Recommended,247080,31667292,Posted: 10 May,all,Verdantil,Tags: Casual - Music & RhythmTLDR: Xbox360 pad support is good. Controls and mechanics dont make it always obvious when you are or are not permitted to take an optimal step and stay in beat. Makes me indecisive when playing. Otherwise pretty good.2D Rogue-Like Platformer that enforces a strict attack and movement restriction based on rhythm synchronization with the soundtrack. I often get confused on when I am actually allowed to do anything but I have not practiced enough with the game. Concept makes it stand out and the game itself is otherwise well constructed with procedural generation and nice retro inspired sprites. Music is good
,Recommended,247080,23408274,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Cawl,dance dance revolution 6 ripoff but it's good imo
,Recommended,247080,30234872,Posted: 27 February,all,1021219653,"The game itself is wonderful.Achievements are too difficult. I suggest to add more easy ones, because I love collecting achievements.Sound tracks should be sold in one cheaper bundle.....deeply moved by the shopkeeper's voice"
,Recommended,247080,17903606,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,loser.pkm,"monk makes me want to commit suicide, 10/10"
76561198110454264,Recommended,247080,15455117,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Hippoangel99,"a challenging game that pits you to your skills by yourself or a freind.the game is a very detailed world for all it is. this game is very challenging,9.5/10"
,Recommended,247080,17589075,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Umega,"Based on the passed games I played (The Binding of Isaac Rebirth... Yeah that) And passed other then games purchases(The Binding of Isaac Rebirth Sound track... Yeah that too) is that I love music and dungeon roguelikes. Combined those two and you made a monster, and you must kill it to the beat of the music the monster is playing, the monster being the NecroDancer, and you being Cadence (or Melody, Aria, Dorian, Eli, Monk, Coda, Bolt, or Bard). The music is extremely well made. I've found my self huming the songs like a lunatic (Like I already am. Just look at my face). If you are me then THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE... Then you should enjoy this game."
76561198042801239,Recommended,247080,16742146,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,CritHam,"Crypt of the NecroDancer. So what is it? It is a dungeon crawler where turns are taking place in a certain (dictated by song) rhytm.Basically you go on andventure of 4 zones, each having 4 levels. Design of each zone is unique and entertaining, each with different enemies traps and hazards. At end of each level you will meet a Miniboss (7 different types, which most have upraged version of itself), and at the end of each level you will meet a boss (4 types).When you finish a ""run"" (beat 4 zones in a row) you will meet final boss. But if you are able to defeat him it's not over. After it you will have 2 more characters that push story to play with. ""What story?"" Every time you beat any zone with a character you will get a cutscene (don't worry you can skip it).""But why did you say 2 more charactersthat push story?"" Because you will have 6 differeant characters that do not push story and are there to make this game even longer!Gameplay feels slick and nice with amazing songs (3 differeant song packs {normal, kind-of-disco and metal one} + a beat analizer so you can adapt your own songs to the game).  Game is quite well balanced and only issue that i have is bosses at end of zones are too easy (excluding ""main"" ones). Local Co-Op is sweet, game has controller support and achievment system.What could i say more?10/10"
,Recommended,247080,17899765,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Gay Cat,"alright for real, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ rhythym based roguelike caught my attention right away and this game did not fail to deliver. intense gameplay that can all go wrong in a few seconds if you arent paying attention mixed with a killer soundtrack from DannyB, not to mention 2 cover albums that are equally incredible. If youre a fan of either roguelikes or rhythym games, do not miss out on necrodancer."
76561198023353908,Recommended,247080,12298519,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Stebs,10/10 I love this gamebut I wanted to be a negative hipster like Frosty and friends.TL;DW Review below.Edit: Dev sweet talked me into not being a hipster =Phttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE9VJqWP6AQ&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,247080,25722193,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,SneakyJoe.ru,10/10. Would moan once again.Like really - that girl's voicing is the best thing I've ever heared. :3
,Recommended,247080,21617338,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,SρσσκySραzσ,"This game, this, game. IS. SO. ♥♥♥♥ING. AMAZING. (I hate Aria though) BUT I AM NOT ANGRY ABOUT IT, I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME, THE MUSIC, THE RYTHM, EVERYTHING, AMAAAAZIIIIIING!!!!!"
,Recommended,247080,15506571,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Zuckas,"Awesome soundtrack, awesome game! What are you reading this for? Buy it! Play it!"
,Recommended,247080,15640790,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Serge Dababorné,"This game is unbelievable.This is a roguelike dungeon-crawler mixed with a rythm game. It is unforgiving and forgiving at the same time.The soundtrack is great, the gameplay is fun and addicting and the graphics are great old school NES graphics.You will die, over and over again, you will always want more.Also, the Shopkeeper is the most awesome ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've ever seen, hearing him sing is simply glorious.Do yourself a favor and BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,247080,22111560,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,R[•-•],"This game has great music, a good plot and is actually challenging. Get it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,247080,14672461,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,russianrov,"Worth the money. I typically have a low tolerance for games that force music on you, but this game is catchy as hell and the mechanics make it easy to enjoy."
,Recommended,247080,18044277,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Superscooter,"It's a combination of genres that surprisingly no one has thought before, and yet it is executed flawlessly. The only issue I can think of is that the custom music feature doesn't always work, especially if there are lyrics. It doesn't matter much anyway when the default soundtrack is one of the best in games."
,Recommended,247080,13712467,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BadPeasant,Imagine a dungeon crawler set the the beats of a 2004 disco-tech and you will have the most basic imagination.Crypt of the NecroDancer combines rogue like elements to finger dance dance revolution and promises to keep you entertained for every playthrough. Randomised dungeons and each enemy having a unique type of moment / attack.Rated 9 beating techno hearts out of ten
,Recommended,247080,22533339,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,spoot,"TL;DR: 9/10. They did almost everything right. Mostly boils down to how experienced you're willing to get, because it's tricky to get used to.Crypt of the NecroDancer is about shanking monsters to a kickass beat. The game stars a girl named Cadence whose entire character, backstory and development can be summarised by ""a girl named Cadence"". It is very much centered around the gameplay and music working together, which works super well in a pretty flexible way compared to other rhythm-based games. The introduction is short and doesn't add much to the game other than justifying the mechanics, so you'll pretty much have the same experience regardless.The game takes 'turn-based' in a slightly different way. Each beat of the song is represented at the bottom of the screen and symbolises a turn each. If you miss a beat or do something you're not supposed to such as walk into a wall of stone, every enemy still gets a turn while you're standing there hoping nobody noticed that your pants just fell down. Each time you miss a beat, your current combo is broken, meaning you don't have any time to stop and read useful information as even standing still will bring it to a screeching halt.Combo, you say?Why yes indeed, a combo.Maintaining the combo gives a boost to the amount of gold you pick up. Items that you pick up such as weapons or rings may give additional boosts to people who haven't accidentally thrown their flimsy shovel into a solid wall or stood around stroking themselves for too long unless they're a Monk, who for whatever reason is allowed to stroke himself for as long as he likes, which pretty much defeats the entire premise of the game.Comparing two items is a pain, as stopping to read the item's description will cause you to lose your combo, meaning you have to do a god damn raindance around the item just to read the stats and figure out if it's going to increase your chance of winning by 0.3%.The ENTIRE game can be controlled using only 4 buttons/keys, which is about as convenient as an enemy who you can't actually hit with default gear because it won't line up next to you. I'm looking at you, golden slime. Sure, it's an interesting mechanic, but its main flaw is replacing memorising which key to press with memorising which combination of the same keys to press. It does show appropriate key combinations beside relevant items, but stopping to read it in the middle of a room more undead than a haunted mass grave is usually not worth the time. Guessing which combination is hardly worth the risk; you may be trying to heal in the middle of battle and end up throwing your sword across the room.Using your own (or someone else's) music instead of the original game's works pretty decently in terms of functionality, although the soundtrack is good enough that you wouldn't want to replace any of it in the first place.Local multiplayer is an interesting feature, although playing it with a first-timer was akin to participating in a three-legged race with a monkey who has bricks for feet. Unless you're both relatively similarly experienced, one of you is going to drag the other behind. Well I wouldn't say drag behind as much as them stumbling about while you're already buying everything from the shop with a stack of gold, which for this game was about as fun as letting a monkey with bricks for feet kick you in the shins after you finished the race without him, because now neither of you are having much fun at all.And that was after they went through incredibly short tutorial. Sure, it taught the basics, but you only really got to do everything in the tutorial once before it was over and it was clear that it didn't adequately equip a person with the experience they needed to survive unsupervised inside a padded room.If someone wants to play for the first time on your copy of the game, let them play singeplayer first.Overall decent game. Can't say much about price because I almost exclusively buy games when they're on sale."
,Recommended,247080,22463662,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Lord of the Kings,"GG.Caution: You may tend to live slower and may not be able to play another game after playing this one, for a while. Especially; One Finger Death Punch. Worst game sequence ever."
,Recommended,247080,22463799,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,mulletparty,fun rougelike to just kinda get lost in to. great music.
76561198054669119,Recommended,247080,24170958,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,alexxx473,Awesome game !! Very challenging and fun and will make you wanna smash something. Very complex.
,Recommended,247080,30524704,Posted: 15 March,all,aronoco,The best game of 216
76561198152809455,Recommended,247080,19060830,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,SageofMagi,"-Goes to Area 2-finda a red dragon-dies by a red dragon-proceeds to die by repeated instances of red dragons for the next five runs of the same area.-the above culminates in spawning into a room sealed off by rock with a red dragon in it as well as a doppelganger.........well my luck's absolute carp, huh?"
76561198029281571,Recommended,247080,30083653,Posted: 21 February,all,Reykan,"I can't play it too close to bed or I end up staring at the cieling while humming along to the tunes. Awesome game, been a ton of fun so far."
76561198018647783,Recommended,247080,19005346,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ChaosMuffins,This game has cheese 10/10
76561198054698064,Recommended,247080,22785011,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Button,"Great rhythm game. It is a little punishing as a death starts you back at scratch, but that's part of the appeal. It's a must buy if it's on sale and a ""probably should buy"" if not. Fun to just hop in for a couple of rounds here and there.8/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,247080,22168960,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Jato,This game has a very unique concept but it absolutely works.Crypt of the NecroDancer is a very fun dungeon crawler with rhythm being a very important aspect to the game. You are inly able to move at the beat automatically set at the bottom of the screen. The game is very fun to play and not to mention an AMAZING soundtrack to listen to. I would easily recommend this game to anyone thinking about buying it.
,Recommended,247080,16140169,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,LamePunEthan,This game is very unique and very fun
,Recommended,247080,15963107,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,- Yato -,"Crypt Of The Necro Dancer i think is a great game, mainly because you have have to listen the beat of the music to move, dig, and attack!There are 4 zones at the moment of the game (so far) to complete there are new characters you can collect along the way. As you play through the game the story continues on (i have not finished it yet)  The main challenge of the game is the monsters, mini bosses, and the tough bosses! As you find as you play ALL the monsters have there own moving pattern (bats move randomly though) mini bosses are hard but not as hard as the bosses. The bosses are one of the most tedious things Necro Dancer has in store for you but overall i would rate this game 7/8So a great game in my opinion!"
,Recommended,247080,26958035,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Axel!,its ok
,Recommended,247080,30640698,Posted: 20 March,all,Drsen57,"This game is ASTONISHING! The beats are so cool, and I love the way the combat works! Each enemy has its own attack strategy, and you'll eventually remember them all, and you better. Even though it seems simple at first, the game gets much more difficult as the amount of enemies grow. Each stage is much diferent than the last, and get progressively difficult. As of nine hours in, I have not entirely completed the game, even on one character! I do have all the items though, and I plan to finish the game hopefully soon. I'll have to get back into the ""groove"" of playing since I haven't played in a while. Even though I haven't played in that little while, I remember the game just as if I played it yesterday. I would recommend this game to ANYONE. It is a must-have!"
,Recommended,247080,11800699,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Turtle On Crack,"Really fun, also really hard. I still havn't beat the first level but it doesn't feel like it is unfair. Even though I am bad it is still really fun. Also the music is awesome."
,Recommended,247080,15530199,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Syme,"The difficulty will consume your soul. Your own ignorance of enemies and lack of quick thinking will be your undoing. 95 times out of 100, if you died, it was your fault. This is fair difficulty.10/10"
76561197966988450,Recommended,247080,16329542,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tansit,"10/10 Game.-Great Music, As good as Hotline Miami-Even alone it's a really good RL-Game-You can use a DDR Pad to play!"
76561198065331042,Recommended,247080,17062788,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,acidGRUNT,So i started to adjust my steps in real life to the beat of the song in my head.Totally recommend.
76561198009771395,Recommended,247080,13771186,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[FSE] s7even,"I'm not much of a rouge-like fan, but this game is freaking amazing! I love how you can put your own music into the game for each floor. You should for sure add this game to your library!"
,Recommended,247080,12197112,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lykan,"Crypt of the NecroDancer just works. The music, the environments, and the gameplay all add up to one great time."
,Recommended,247080,18366679,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Potato,"If you love to play The binding of Isaac, you will like this."
,Recommended,247080,20119772,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,QuackerJohn,iz good
76561198018435795,Recommended,247080,20886591,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Hello Oblivion,10/10 would dance again
,Recommended,247080,21023253,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,deathflux,"I love this game, unique gameplay (rhythm rogue-like dungeon crawler) and the musics make me wanna dance.Since its a rhythm-based game and not that easy to win -even- Zone 1, i played for 2 hours straight and after that my fingers started to shake because the constant beat i pressed just with 3 of my left fingers xDFyi, it's a great feature to use your own favorite music for the game, BUT custom music disables achievement :/"
,Recommended,247080,23296092,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Monster Milk,"Dance for your life.Excellent music, challenging but rewarding gameplay, and a suprisingly high replay value."
,Recommended,247080,22817053,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lentävä kalapuikko,Veri gut ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198188733663,Recommended,247080,21088421,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Captainskylink,Buys it: This game should be fun! I'll just play for a little bit...After playing: ... I can't feel my fingers.10/10 Would numb my fingers again
,Recommended,247080,26538672,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gilandir,a
,Recommended,247080,30656962,Posted: 21 March,all,Linkblade,"Definitely one of the few rogue-likes I can enjoy!Success is built much more on skill than item drop luck, like in other rogue-likes.Also you don't drop that deep when you die. A ""level-accomplished-checkpoint"" is every 3 levels after a boss. It gets quite difficult though. There is a constant learning curve to be mastered since the btw awesome music speeds up the pace and the monsters become more dangerous with better abilities. The good thing is, that there is a way to deal with them all. There is no imbalanced uber enemy you cannot counter. You just have to be quick and stick to the beat ;-)Extremely recommended if you like rogue-likes, rythm games, pixel graphics and dungeoneering."
76561198028659394,Recommended,247080,15508330,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"I am genuinly IMPRESSED. By what this game has to offer. I mean everyone should know its a rhythm game, Cool story. But there are SO MANY mechanics that the game is this ""Minute to learn, Lifetime to master"" Deal. Once you got a hang for the music you then need to get a hang on the patterns enemies use, The best rhythm to stick with for certain weopons, etc. This make it into a whole new style, Where one miss can change EVERYTHING. AND I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,247080,11494670,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,juju458,"I love this game, its a lot of fun, 10/10 would reccomend, but Norton Anti Virus keeps deleting the main exe file, ffs"
76561198071474162,Recommended,247080,11562044,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Mystic,"If I had to sum up this game in one word it would be : AMAZING!Its such an orginal and fun concept that I'am surpised no one has done before, the idea of an rpg where you preform your action to a beat is such an orginal idea. If you worry that this game is merly just that a rythem game then you are wrong, there is so much replay value in this and its still in early access. If you buy this now you will not be disapointed unless you don;t like rpgs or rythem games."
,Recommended,247080,21116911,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,☭Teb☭,This game has some great content....so i've heard...I can't pass the second level.
76561198135463183,Recommended,247080,22828026,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Steelz Cloud,"Chances are if you like binding of isaac you are for 80% sure (random estimate) gonna like his too. The game at first is a bit troublesome with constant misses on the notes if you're not used to rhythm based games but you most likely aren't. The movement in the game the game is amazingly done as the beat based movement allows the creator to make various type of enemy AI patterns that just increases the greatness of the game. It truly feels like I am cheating the creator for buying it on sale when its such a great game. The core mechanics require you to get items fast and quick and you can either finish the dungeon quickly or find more/better items at the risk of losing your health. Weapons are a really important factor in the game as it decides if you're gonna kick♥♥♥♥♥or get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked so you if you don't have the weapon you need (excluding zone 4). The game also gives a character named bard which makes the game move when he moves turning it into a more strategical game, and he can also be used to get more well versed with the movement patterns of the enemies. I can't list all the things all the things that makes this game amazing because almost every aspect is very well thought out. Go buy the game if you aren't convinced."
76561198073889049,Recommended,247080,24241274,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kentucky Fried Children,"This game manages to put the most ingenious mechanic into play in such a fun way. It supplies you with seemingly endless challenge  requiring hundreds of hours to master. I still haven't completed all the game has to offer despite 150+ hours of play and by statistics only 1 in 1000 have been able to do so. The amazing soundtrack gets stuck in my head and may be worth downloading on its own without the game for some.The only downside I can think of is that it heavily adopts the ""git good"" system and requires heavy devotion to gain the most experience"
,Recommended,247080,31016605,Posted: 8 April,all,Dogge Sauce,"Just get it, and the soundtrack. Its amazing, trust me."
,Recommended,247080,16408489,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TRUCKFIST,"A respectable roguelike that does more things correctly than most of what's out there.  The basic gameplay of fighting to the beat isn't particularly interesting to me, mostly because of how much it tends to slow things down.  You can opt for a faster tempo of course, but I just prefer to have control over when I move, and not be forced to move just so I don't lose a multiplier.  And they let you do that, thankfully.  It's worth playing, though I don't know if I'd pay full price for it."
,Recommended,247080,22507097,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,(O.W.N) Platypus God,"One of my most favourite rhythm games.Edit: Still has me sucked in for a month straight. I haven't even touched another game in a month. This is the best videogame drug I ever knew.Pros:Is a good start for new rhythm gamers (has a bit of leniency).Awesome music.Variety of strategies.Variety of gamemodes.Has a nice storyline.Praisable ham.Being able to kill a monkey while wearing ballerina slippers using a rifle.Cons:If you switch the sound type (Bluetooth to normal, or vice-versa), it glitches out.Coda vs. Death Metal.May take a while to fully understand the game.These achievements are ridiculously hard.Being killed by a dragon after using your ammo on a monkey.CODAVSDEATH METAL.GOD.IF YOU EVER PLAY THAT.JUST ALT+F4.(Or just begoodlucky.)"
,Recommended,247080,15524967,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,James Lister,"-Dance in trance, trance in Death, i am Vishnu, i am light."
,Recommended,247080,32140687,Posted: 2 June,all,☯ Gary,Pretty fun at first but the music and gameplay can get annoying after a while.7/10
,Recommended,247080,15585053,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Trakais,"Oh, YESSSS!"
76561198299623077,Recommended,247080,26706602,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GHOSTLYpepper,Iss gooood.
76561197969486535,Recommended,247080,13727919,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,ooter,Unbelievably fun. Buy this game now!
76561198006731251,Recommended,247080,18332978,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Leon S. Kennedy,A must have for afficiandos of music themed games.
,Recommended,247080,25813358,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,BAGAYAROOOOOOOO,i like this gamerun very well in Linux Mint 18 Sarah Cinnamon 64 bit :)
76561198080527107,Recommended,247080,18507775,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Veluxcion,"Lol I just copypasted this review so I could lvl my steam prof, its a gud game tho. Unlike many games that carry the label, Crypt of the Necrodancer is a roguelike that is actually quite a bit like Rogue. You control a lone hero in a grid-based dungeon, pushing back the fog of war square by square as you explore each randomly-generated set of chambers. As you journey deeper you gather gear, spells and consumables to help you survive encounters with monsters who behave according to predictable routines. If you die, you start over from the beginning.In a traditional roguelike, your greatest asset is the time you're afforded to think, assess, plan. Crypt of the Necrodancer's defining flourish is that it reduces your thinking time to the space between two beats on the soundtrack. Move to the rhythm and you build up a multiplier, turning the ground into an illuminated dancefloor and boosting the gold you earn from every kill. In order to be able to afford the best gear, then, you should always be moving. Move thoughtlessly, however, and you'll die. The result is a game where you are always taking action but only sporadically acting well. What was once a meditative, considered experience becomes a rush of on-the-fly strategy and occasional finesse—becomes, in short, a dance."
,Recommended,247080,26469433,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Twinsunian,I love this game!
,Recommended,247080,21944035,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Zombie.Owl.777,"The music is so good, really cute little rhythm game and you can play couch co-op ! 8/10"
,Recommended,247080,24198327,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Final Freeze,Literally cannot beat Zone 2.Music is good tho.34/10 would die again.
76561198017049202,Recommended,247080,24207124,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,LeMy,"Hard, satisfying and sufficient. Just like this game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,247080,15614636,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Ash,"I've been playing this game a lot again lately and i've changed my mind. I'm gonna copy some of my old review in this. (The old review was done when I was called ""Hostile Elder Oak"")Crypt of the Necrodancer is an amazing game. You just gotta play it a lot to understand.Yeah, I DID edit the files to unlock the level editor but i'm not skilled enough to beat the game. *gasp*It's a unique game. When was the last time you saw a rhythm based dungeon crawler? The closest thing I can think of is ""Patapon"" for the PSP but it's not a dungeon crawler or top-down. Look it up.You can even put in your own .mp3 or .ogg files for the music. There's a lot of different playable characters, 4 different dungeon types, a level editor, a load of items, lots of enemies, etc.You can even add your own music (and play to the beat of the song).One bad thing is that it's random so you could find a really cool weapon in one run, nothing good in another.Apart from that, I DO recommend this game.That's if you can play it...---------------------------------------------ORIGINAL (negative) REVIEW:---------------------------------------------As much as I enjoy this game (sometimes), I can't recommend it, unless you like overly hard, unforgiving games, then go ahead.I'll start with the good things.It's a unique game. When was the last time you saw a rhythm based dungeon crawler? The closest thing I can think of is ""Patapon"" for the PSP but it's not a dungeon crawler or top-down. Look it up.You can even put in your own .mp3 or .ogg files for the music. There's a lot of different playable characters, 4 different dungeon types, a level editor, a load of items, lots of enemies, etc.Now the bad things.Just like Magicite or The Binding of Isaac, The game is pretty much based on luck. Roll a 6 and you win. Roll any other number, you lose. You need to be good at enemy pattern remembrance, have a good eye, be good with music and hope you get good items. Most of the game for me consisted of getting far and then dying some sort of cheap death you couldn't avoid, which isn't fun. It doesn't help that some enemies move randomly. Zone 4 didn't even feel like part of the game.When I said about the load of playable characters, most of them I have are useless.The Monk can get any shop item for free but dies instantly by touching gold, which is a lot harder than it sounds.The Dove (I think) Can't attack. Come on, really?And the level editor? You have to beat the game. Do you really think I would do that?So, should you get it?I would say no. Even if you really want it, I thought the same thing.I'm not saying that the game is badly made or anything. It's actually really well made."
76561198059619193,Recommended,247080,15574209,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,It'sPresidentTobias,"I bought this game out of pure and utter intrest. Rhythm games aren't really my thing, but a rhythm dugeon crawler? I only wanted to see for myself how they pulled it off. The fact that there are negative reviews for this game boggles my mind. The combat is not repetative, the negative reviews say it is. True, the enemy's do follow patterns, but the combinations of enemies and traps in each room makes you think of new ways to use these patterns, while the rhythm aspect makes sure you can't think for long. The soundtrack is absolutely stellar, however personally I prefer the EDM remix. In short, an amazing, beutiful and creative game that could only have sprung from the mind of a genius. 11/10-Will buy a dancepad to play."
,Recommended,247080,15510938,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,[Redacted],"Simply put, it's Rythym Heaven as an RPG. If you suck at DDR games or Rythym Heaven, this'll be a hard go."
,Recommended,247080,24098850,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sokanas,10/10 would die again
,Recommended,247080,24105736,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,exp(iφ) = cos(φ) + i sin(φ),Cool
,Recommended,247080,13635213,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,El Chupacabra,"You have to play this if you want to taste everything in life.Maybe you will never gonna find such a great, addicting, easy to pick up but hard to forget kinda game EVER again.Bonus point for singing merchant, it is freash idea for genre, not an old grumpy dad. (Deal with it Spelunky)"
,Recommended,247080,12784063,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Eno Etukeno,http://puu.sh/cNMxO/383359b76a.gif
76561197964080578,Recommended,247080,11485683,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TJWitz,Pure Awesome.
,Recommended,247080,11485205,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DemKin,Gotta.. do... things... in rythm...
,Recommended,247080,11487207,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,LegionLord Vaxid,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH63DeCPnxkI've been researching this game since I 1st heard about it a year ago. It's an extremely fun, silly and nerve-racking rogue-like. The soundtrack is phenominal, the game play is unique and the theme is fun. I highly recommend this game to fans of rhythm games, rogue-likes and music bad masochists."
,Recommended,247080,20692001,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Gene Firewind,I am a rhythm and music game junkie. This game takes that genre and adds dungeon crawling and real time strategy to the mix. Well.. yeah this game is good you should definitely pick it up and it would be a violation to not pick it up if you see it on sale! Click it! Buy it now!
,Recommended,247080,12382527,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,UniQueLyEviL,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,247080,17176906,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,สั๋,Great soundtrack and really fun + challenging!
,Recommended,247080,22808339,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,100Rads,"Never thought that rhythm and roguelike could mix, but apparently they can mix very well. Even if you're not into rhythm games, you can always take the bard character and enjoy a solid roguelike with a great soundtrack."
,Recommended,247080,29218698,Posted: 12 January,all,Hazel 土 Bonfield,"The soundtrack is awesome, and the ability to add your own music and play with cute mods makes it better.  However, I see the backstory of the primary heroine rather cliched; the gameplay, though, is quite an interesting idea.  The diamonds are annoyingly hard to come by; since the coins are much more common, I wish the upgrades in the lobby also took coins.  I also found a difficulty imbalance between Zone 1 and Zone 2, so I can't get beyond the first Zone.  Upgrading the chests and their items can make the level slightly more bearable, escept when it comes to enemies with high health/large range.Final verdict:  7/10"
,Recommended,247080,14421998,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,New alternate soundtracks by FamilyJules7X and A1-Rival? Yeah this release is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,247080,19587551,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,srodsuar,"This game is genius. It blends the music, the controls (which are easy to understand and very customizable), the randomness of the rogue games, the story and the different mechanics into one hamonic game.You should try it. It is a very difficult in the beginning but not insanely difficult. Deep gameplay in a casual story xD"
76561198106116110,Recommended,247080,18415271,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,『       』,"It's Like Anal, at first it's painful, but soon you'll get used to it and Love it"
,Recommended,247080,20012627,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Daniel West,Stop reading the reviews and buy this game now.
,Recommended,247080,20009350,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SittingDuck,Great Game fun
76561198084537619,Recommended,247080,20014208,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,The Hintster,"good graphics, good gameplay, epic music 11/10"
,Recommended,247080,20023803,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dinner,"This is one of the most unique rougelikes I have ever played. It feels great to play, and has a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack. If you get tired of the default music though, you can add your own music in."
,Recommended,247080,20018342,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,[versus],10/10
,Recommended,247080,13610585,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,PurpleXVI,"There are finished games that wish they could be as fun and innovative as this half-finished one. When Crypt of the Necrodancer is complete, it's going to be one of those games you'll never forget, and it may already be."
,Recommended,247080,33135731,Posted: 2 July,all,PurpleHeart,exactly what the title says crypt of the NECRODANCER fight with rythem in this game havent played enough to give an honest opinion to be honest because the game confuses me
,Recommended,247080,26888220,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kreative,"This game gave me experience from games that i have longed played, you could say nostalgia revealed this game to me but personally it was because of the unique mechanic and the gameplay of binding of issac it was one of those games that just combined intersting and fun ideas like Cluster truck.As for the game difficulty it can be compared with classic 8 bit games or the darks souls franchise because some enemies are just too powerful to be considered a mini boss im talking to you one shot red dragon ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,247080,19513599,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,CorrosiveCyborg,"Rhythm based game, check. Rogue-like game, check. Do i need to say more?"
,Recommended,247080,30533970,Posted: 15 March,all,floofles,theres dancing skeletons10/10
76561198148167498,Recommended,247080,25504318,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,williamchuck,Amazingly funny game
,Recommended,247080,25546099,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,•SPOOKY• | Morro,Makes me want to smash my keyboard :D
,Recommended,247080,33417681,Posted: 9 July,all,roxxkatt,bro get this game some pills because it is SICK
,Recommended,247080,17600807,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,オッパゲドン,"10/10, Hundred outta Hundred, Best Game, Best Game!"
,Recommended,247080,26305328,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LeslieSmooth,Best game ever!Buy it!
,Recommended,247080,24340455,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Domeik csgo-skins.com,"Jesus ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Christ, THIS GAME IS AWESOME!after like ... 3 weeks of playing (?) i finally made all zones mode.Gr8 game!Rate 11 out of 10"
,Recommended,247080,12208732,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Esca,"Roguelike DDR. (Or, if you switch to the Bard class, just a roguelike.)It's kind of amazing, and you should buy it if you're into rhythm games at all.I should also buy it, because thanks to Steam Family Sharing™, I haven't yet.Took about 6 hours to unlock everything and beat all the current zones (except hardcore mode, i.e. beating every zone in a row with no unlocks; still haven't done that). I still die pretty frequently, and it's still pretty fun. It's also early access, so there's about 33% more content incoming."
,Recommended,247080,21397842,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,leafy,Dance dance or you die
,Recommended,247080,11482533,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,T.E.W.S,haaaaaaard! :3
76561198062348785,Recommended,247080,22813766,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,clickxels,Michael Jacksons Thriller Simulator 2015.
,Recommended,247080,23870513,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,「Xenochromatic」,"Like going to a rave, but you die if you stop dancing."
,Recommended,247080,13333984,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,PrettzL,"Want to own a legendary rogue-like? Then buy this game.Nethack and Dance Dance Revolution had a baby, and it's a doozy."
76561198111552976,Recommended,247080,16223821,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Evan Jemima,HOLY CRAP WHERE DO I START!!!  This game is fantastic in so many ways.  First of all the music is awesome and I like how you can hook up your own if you wanna play to it or mabye get bored of the regular music.  The whole game is hard but if you get enough diamonds in one play through it is so rewarding.  The need to move to the beat almost makes it feel a bit easier becuase the enemies also follow the beat which makes it easy to time attacks.  Every time I got an upgrade it felt really good and I felt I achieved something.  Finally the colourful graphics and cute charater sprites are so nice to look at when you're stressed at the game.  I had my eyes on this game when they first announced it and HOLY CRAP was it worth waiting.10 OUTTA 10!
,Recommended,247080,32695046,Posted: 23 June,all,-[FF]- Pendleton,"I regret not getting this game sooner. Very confusing control scheme at first, but it really grows on you once you learn its moves, and you can really dig the vibe it's putting out, both figuratively and literally."
76561198031236278,Recommended,247080,11583810,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Biscuitdoughhandsman,It's the rhythm-based roguelike spiritual sequel to chess. Play it.
,Recommended,247080,22008233,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Garnco's Final Layer,"A somewhat decently generic rouge dungeon crawler held up by amazing music, interesting character designs, and a timed turn based mechanic."
,Recommended,247080,29495184,Posted: 25 January,all,PeñaColada,Bad and Boujee works.10/10
76561198002024935,Recommended,247080,29495719,Posted: 25 January,all,Cucco Lion,Very fun.  Even better if you are playing with a friend.
,Recommended,247080,20729954,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Nota,Grate.
,Recommended,247080,29494659,Posted: 25 January,all,Esoteric,Good game.
76561198032297763,Recommended,247080,29495637,Posted: 25 January,all,DocPandaman,KING CONGA.That is all.
76561198256046982,Recommended,247080,19190783,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,ballsoffury200,gud
76561198113050656,Recommended,247080,31830439,Posted: 18 May,all,vivo,was nice
,Recommended,247080,16417450,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Maelstrom,The best (and only) roguelike rhythm dungeon crawler.Buy the soundtrack. It's totally worth it.
76561198066136990,Recommended,247080,13261529,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,hobbled man,It has a dance move I like in it.
,Recommended,247080,13319388,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Ballsy Bouncing Ball,"Rpg in not a classic way, if you like ""arrows mechanics"" then you should try it."
,Recommended,247080,13259150,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Nuxyr,Awesome. Everything said.
,Recommended,247080,32209103,Posted: 5 June,all,varagor,Possibly my favorite game ever. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,17270555,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,EasyHuhn,"Dance or die!Hands down: One of the most innovative, funny and hardest game ever made with regulary releases of new content.The music is AWESOME and from well known gaming music designers such as Danny Borowsky or Family Jules 7X.If you like roguelikes, music or just fun, GET THIS GAME!!!You can even use your own music and play to it."
,Recommended,247080,12537996,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Misaligned Judgement,"I really like the game, it's pretty fast paced and well worth the time to master. Adding your own music and mastering those too makes it have a TON of replayability and they're still adding new stuff so it's well worth the money!"
,Recommended,247080,23045714,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Edan,tfw dig a block and 8 red bats fly out10/10
,Recommended,247080,17232806,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Spooky Scary Spiral-Spy,"The curse of the Necrodancer is a curse placed upon (Almost) all characters in this game, which makes them move to the beat of any song playing.Now I know what you're thinking. Why is that important to know, other than that's why everything is to the beat?BECAUSE IT'S NOT JUST IN THE GAME.THIS GAME INFLICTS YOU WITH THE CURSE OF THE NECRODANCER.It starts out slow. Maybe you remember a particular song from this game's sountrack that you liked, and don't notice your foot start tapping to the beat. But it progresses. IT PROGRESSES UNTIL WHENEVER THERE IS MUSIC, YOU MOVE TO THE BEAT. YOU CANNOT STOP IT. YOU CANNOT SLOW IT DOWN. IT WILL HAPPEN. THE ONLY PREVENTION IS TO NOT BUY THIS GAME.BUT NOT BUYING IT WOULD BE A REALLY BAD IDEA TOO BECAUSE THE GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING.SOON THE ENTIRE WORLD WILL BE MOVING TO THE BEAT.WE'RE DOOMED!DANNY BARANOWSKY, WHAT HAVE YOU DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE?!"
,Recommended,247080,12718750,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,ChaosUncaged,Do you like rouge-like games where you die every other minute while moving to the beat?Than this game is for you.
76561197973805304,Recommended,247080,33505775,Posted: 13 July,all,Lord_of_Pillows,It's a good.
76561198039476246,Recommended,247080,23040144,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cullenjackrat,"Crypts are pretty cool, i gotta say."
,Recommended,247080,13660906,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BbQz,Me and my girl Fried just started playing The Co-op in this game It is Amazing fun!!10/10
76561198077250541,Recommended,247080,20308201,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,orelkan,"It's great, a lot of fun.Very hard though"
,Recommended,247080,20270793,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,large interior noxious e-vapor,i like this gameit is very rhythm and explorefighthurts my eyes after awhile though
,Not Recommended,247080,16902136,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Rawr xD,Trash
,Recommended,247080,33541695,Posted: 14 July,all,Retrikaethan,this game is teaching me how to dance.
,Recommended,247080,33553278,Posted: 15 July,all,Swerzle,you shouldn't have to write a comment to leave a review
,Recommended,247080,33540654,Posted: 14 July,all,Pastiya,"Strongly recomend, I've personally liked the comments of your character while you advance. So simple yet soo amazing"
,Recommended,247080,15564248,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,☾MelliMoon,Do you want to party hard? 'Cause that's how you party hard.10/10 would dance!
,Recommended,247080,26938759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EggsDee,best game
,Recommended,247080,34415084,Posted: 22 August,all,Krillock,"If only i had real friends to play co-op with, my only friend put hoes before bros and now he has devolved into a console pesant.This isn't a joke, send help!"
76561198162008395,Recommended,247080,34237202,Posted: 14 August,all,Grombrindal,Its one of the awesomest game i ever played if u like dungeons and music just give it a try
,Recommended,247080,20656174,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sudden,"A cross between a rythm game and a dungeon crawler. Crypt of the NecroDancer will have you dying repeatedly, yet always coming back for more. With great visuals, music, and gameplay, this is a must-buy!"
,Recommended,247080,34451892,Posted: 23 August,all,Jim_Puff :^),"good musicgood gameplaygood aestheticif you like roguelikes, it's a solid gameget it!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,247080,11480547,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,motel mario,"This is honestly everything I've ever wanted in a video game, wrapped up into one neat little package."
76561198038824444,Recommended,247080,11487212,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Foymic,Supports Dance pad controller 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15530880,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Insomniac_Ren,"This game.... holy @#%$....- Started playing the game to 'Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites' by Skrillex (seemed fitting)- Horde of dancing skeletons and♥♥♥♥♥♥groove their way over to my location- ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥this is awesome its like a rave inside a dungeon!""- Realize I have no idea how to defend myself- Hopping around frantically- Colors everywhere- They boogie on over harder than Michael Jackson and brutally slaughter me- ""You Died""- Sit at screen and watch skeletons stand there dancing like Johnny Bravo to a Skrillex song11/10 would NecroDance again."
76561198061014362,Recommended,247080,25323811,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jebaited,nice~
,Recommended,247080,22472170,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,[Mad Hatterz] Hermano Asqueroso,"Pros:Amazing soundtracks (five of them) by legends such as Danny Baranowsky and FamilyJules7xUnique gameplayInsanely addictingHigh replay value due to random dungeonsFair difficultyModsNeutral:Graphics. I like them personally, but i can understand if anyone disagrees.A bit hard.Cons:Honestly can't think of any unless you dislike difficulty.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,247080,23972298,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,･*.✡(■ل͟■)✡.*･,"As if this game has enough positive reviews, take one from an impoverished player with a $300 s h i t-top potato.This recommendation is based on one sole line of reason: As someone who can't play much else (USB ports no longer function, so no gamepad, no mice, only keyboard and trackpad) I can keep playing this. 45 hours in since early access and Im only just nearing beating the last boss with the first character.It's incredibly replayable, with a ton of content."
,Recommended,247080,13744245,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,adeiuscw,"great game, unique concept is executed beautifully, with a top notch soundtrack and in depth learning curve"
,Recommended,247080,34828064,Posted: 8 September,all,Moth Pussy,Pretty lit
76561198220022787,Recommended,247080,34838543,Posted: 9 September,all,The Rap-tile,"A must play for anyone who likes indie, rouge like or rhythm games."
,Recommended,247080,32651400,Posted: 22 June,all,Big Bossu,Addictive as ♥♥♥♥
76561198105390244,Recommended,247080,29109953,Posted: 8 January,all,Serious Sean,"It's alright, I didn't spend that much time on it, but I found it to be fun."
76561198070243308,Not Recommended,247080,33910422,Posted: 30 July,all,K1D,I WANT REFUND. I WANT TO TAKE BACK NOT ONLY 3.5$ WHEN IT WAS ON SALE BUT ALSO MY SOUL
,Recommended,247080,19113573,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,supa spy,da cool game
,Recommended,247080,19104000,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Dave Mustaine,"This is an amazing game! All of your attacks feel powerful, this isn't call of duty.  This game is my favourite indie game and I think everyone should atleast give it a try.-Happy gaming!"
76561197982408799,Recommended,247080,34993060,Posted: 16 September,all,GalaxyDrift3r,Had my eye on this game for a long time.I took a chance and it's great!
,Recommended,247080,21048643,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,estuha1,"the game is good, but the principle of the game is too easy, it makes it boring at first and do not pay attention.But anyway the idea of the game is very original, so..."
,Recommended,247080,15571874,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Albuquerque Fistfuck,
,Recommended,247080,16773763,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,The_Zooblord,This game is incredible and more people need to play it.
76561198158283623,Recommended,247080,22835347,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Mushojito,OMG THE SOUNDS
,Recommended,247080,12753815,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,██████,"This game is easy, once you get a rythm going."
76561198089002935,Not Recommended,247080,34209864,Posted: 13 August,all,tadas.subonis,Could be a really good game but it is a royal pain to setup with modern controllers (even steam one). And the trouble is quadrable if you are going for coop.
,Recommended,247080,33824095,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,fun af. so much replayability.
,Recommended,247080,29779026,Posted: 8 February,all,Wise Punch,I love the rhythm of this game. Gets you moving in the real world too!
,Recommended,247080,29845583,Posted: 11 February,all,Revise,"It's new, different and fun. Can be even more fun once you learn how to play it correctly."
76561198035341807,Recommended,247080,29655299,Posted: 2 February,all,TurboWieszak,A fantastic game (CO-OP works beautifuly) with never ending beat and music that LITERALLY goes straight to the heartEvery new song discovered gives me chills and everyone who played Patapon's will know that feelingtenattaten
76561197970570841,Recommended,247080,29674581,Posted: 3 February,all,The_Schmidt,"CAVE RAVE!!!!!!!!111You will enjoy this metronomously bouncified dungeon thumper, I mean EDM blasting dungeon crawler even if you don't normally play roguelikes.  I guarantee it.  The music is just too good."
76561198041815305,Recommended,247080,29851246,Posted: 11 February,all,Keossel,I have the music in my head all day.
,Recommended,247080,29872697,Posted: 12 February,all,Velan,"Not going to lie, i bought this game for the music....Not disappointed, waiting for sale to buy DLC music.I dont care if there are other ways to listen to it, but god damn they deserve the cash"
,Recommended,247080,29930305,Posted: 14 February,all,Necrogamer Amplified,does all zoneskills everythinggot blood weaponskilled merchantboots of painheavy plateblast helm10 bombsblood rapier and catgets into necrodancer fightmod fails to load dorian textures upon startinggame crashes10/10 would mod again
,Recommended,247080,29509705,Posted: 26 January,all,haidaho,"I prefer that Rock soundtrack, but still very good game worth that money! :)"
,Recommended,247080,29511473,Posted: 26 January,all,Oscoste,BEST CONCEPT EVERGREAT MUSICGREAT GAMEGREAT ARTTons of replayabilityHard as f#$&Plus it is always cheap. Still i would pay a lot more for it.
76561198242009426,Recommended,247080,29555344,Posted: 28 January,all,Gangaladesh,"i think the games actually really good and does very well storie wise and gameplay wise, you will get some good hours from this game, you need sound for this or dont even buy it"
,Recommended,247080,29578124,Posted: 29 January,all,PangbornIdentity,YES!!
76561198079975951,Recommended,247080,29597029,Posted: 30 January,all,AzizBlink,"Challenging, innovative game with great soundtracks"
,Recommended,247080,29630166,Posted: 1 February,all,Nausicaä,"Reaaaally love this game, its so much fun- and not too easy,The music soundtrack is AMAZING, Im listening it up and down for years now, if u dont buy this game for the gameplay, buy the soundtrack, you can not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,247080,29671377,Posted: 3 February,all,Creator Of The Multiverse,Great game tons of replayability (not that I am even close to finishing it) the gem system with the markets keeps the game feeling fresh along with the unlockable characters. and the ability to change the music on any given level or in any area keeps the music from getting old or feeling repetitive.
,Recommended,247080,29735482,Posted: 5 February,all,OG Dank Loaf,Why did i refund this masterpiece.
,Recommended,247080,29776276,Posted: 7 February,all,Fomelhaut,"Oh god. Where do I start. This game is... utterly... amazing.This game is pure mastery. There is only one flaw, and that's that it's very difficult later on.But otherwise, I love it! I love the soundtracks, I love the graphics, I love the dystinct styles of music and zones, I love the... bosses... where do I start with the bosses. They're great. Except for the Dead Ringer, he can go burn in a hole. Besides that, the bosses are amazing! They're a treat to defeat. This whole game is a treat to defeat. Except I haven't defeated it yet."
76561198211475752,Recommended,247080,29792901,Posted: 8 February,all,Lumo,"Stop reading this review, go get the game and play it, NOW IT IS WORTH IT!!!!!"
,Recommended,247080,29917636,Posted: 14 February,all,PeachieOs,good music good gameplay
76561198043126768,Recommended,247080,29642156,Posted: 1 February,all,Sporvath,"I thought of how this game was going to be, then played it and it was 100 times better, feels like the old school games, loved it."
,Recommended,247080,29752261,Posted: 6 February,all,Rosa,"You like rogue likes? you like rythim games? Then there is no absolute reason for youto not play this game.As for anyone else that said no... I dunno, buy it on sale or someting and try it out for yourself, it's very CRYPTIQUE if you what I'm syain HUE HEU HUE HUE... I'll see myself out.Biggest problem though: SLOW start, that goes for anyone."
76561198178192222,Recommended,247080,29870871,Posted: 12 February,all,UniCorn.,funny game
76561198025392815,Recommended,247080,29560500,Posted: 29 January,all,Shit Diamond,Dank as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,247080,29749056,Posted: 6 February,all,ＳＵＮＮＹ Ｌ.,"To be brief, just dance the f*** out of everything."
76561197993555482,Recommended,247080,29773452,Posted: 7 February,all,Zerohour,I enjoyed it. Bought it on Sale. Was worth the $3.
,Recommended,247080,29515104,Posted: 26 January,all,Votto,"One of the most unique titles out there.Don't be fooled by the seemingly outrageous difficulty level. You can do it.Better than that, you'll love doing it!If you went through Dark Souls, this should be a cakewalk."
,Recommended,247080,29522362,Posted: 27 January,all,ParallaxMurderer,Bonus point for working just as well on Linux as on Windows.
,Recommended,247080,29593213,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,very kind developer
,Recommended,247080,29986513,Posted: 17 February,all,arnzzz,"I didnt think I would like this, but its great."
76561198026700243,Recommended,247080,29546716,Posted: 28 January,all,haozertree,"Awesome game, great music, the singing shop keeper is the super cool.  It's basically a dungeon game where you must move to the beat, throw in tons of different items to unlock and use.  This game is pretty hard at first but once you get more items unlocked then it's really fun."
,Recommended,247080,29660944,Posted: 2 February,all,(つ≧▽≦)つ,"This game is incredibly enjoyable. There are little details everywhere that really make you feel like the devs had their dancing priorities straight. It's difficult as all hell for me, sadly. Took me two weeks to get to Zone 3."
,Recommended,247080,29668335,Posted: 3 February,all,A Greenish Fog,"Aye, this is good. A personal favoriets, it is.When you get it right, it's like you are dancing."
,Recommended,247080,29689308,Posted: 4 February,all,QuePasa^,"I highly reccomend this game to anyone, who likes old-school gamig. There's cool soundtrack, lots od enemy-types, and procedurally-generated dungeons.The game is challenging, but not frustrating. Each time I fail, I know perfectly why. GG Devs - 97% positive reviews!"
,Recommended,247080,29710132,Posted: 4 February,all,AeroCross,This game is deceptively fun and incredibly challenging. The music is fire. Prepare to be addicted then incredibly frustrated by your reflexes.
76561198098690424,Recommended,247080,29743936,Posted: 6 February,all,pocketrocket369,When you accidentally knock the G off of a graveyard sign.
,Recommended,247080,29752923,Posted: 6 February,all,Wuts a name,"Imagine guitar hero. Now imagine any dungeon crawler. Now remove the guitar part. Bam. That's this game. Take it from me, do NOT play this with a controller. Its not easy to play with it."
76561198063522281,Recommended,247080,29775742,Posted: 7 February,all,Ravoria,"Absurd genre-blend that actually works. If you disable the rhythm element (and the game specifically lets you, maining Bard in this is almost as shameful as in League of Legends) it's a decent B-tier rougelike, and the rhythm actually adds a lot. It's challenging even for a rougelike, demanding a high level of situational awareness while you also keep a beat, and mistakes are fairly punishing. There are practise tools though, so it's reasonable if you're willing to commit to mastering it."
,Recommended,247080,29925944,Posted: 14 February,all,Noshizuku,"The game itself is great, it has an amazing soundtrack. The story is pretty cool, I love playing as Aria, it provides a good challenge and the metal soundtrack is my favourite.Remember:NEVER SKIP A BEATIf it was possible to play with just your hearing, I'd do it blindfolded. Playing Aria made me go with the beat almost perfectly. I love that fact.Plus, it's pixel. I love me some pixels.Would keep dancing forever.11/10"
,Recommended,247080,29968295,Posted: 16 February,all,mata,"So this is my 2nd review for this game, right after completing the first half of the story (all zones once) there might be a little bit of spoilers here but i'll try to keep everything vague.First of all, this game is hard as ♥♥♥♥. Since you have to do everything to the beat of the music (which is sometimes 140 BPM or more) you either have to predict what's going to happen or have the reaction time of a goddess. However, I feel like the difficulty is smoothed over nicely between each zone, and the game gives you plenty of opportunities to practice.I've realized, since I started playing this game, that my reaction time has gotten better by tenfolds. Something that would've been impossible for me before is now easy. So if you want to work on improving your natural reaction time, and have fun while you do it, you should definitely look into getting this game.Other than that, the music in the game literally improves with the difficulty, and changes with every area. I found myself not minding when I had to start over, cause it meant I got to listen to the music again. (spoiler warning) Every unlockable character has their own unique remixes of the zone themes. After you beat the game once, you unlock a special character (along with the second half of the story) that completely revamps all of the songs, making great tunes into masterpieces. I just started playing this character and currently cannot shut up about how awesome all the songs have become.The story, while starting out straightforward and predictable, rewards you after all the difficulty by progressively becoming more in-depth and captivating. Each character has their own story and their own flaws. You discover the stories by playing through the game with each character, which goes on to unlock even more characters with more stories.Overall this game is unique in the way it has singleplayer hours worth of content with non-stop momentum. The one thing i didn't like was the difficulty, but after I finally beat it the hard work was so much more rewarding especially with how fun the newly unlocked character is to play and how much the story evolved."
,Recommended,247080,29544843,Posted: 28 January,all,Crovo,Great GameplayGreat MusicFun combatWould recommend
,Recommended,247080,29579724,Posted: 29 January,all,~PoopinCactus~,Unique gameplay for different charactersInteresting boss fightCatchy musicSinging merchantsDie a bunch of timeWould play again*This game is addicting*
,Recommended,247080,29632449,Posted: 1 February,all,Myron,Rythm roguelike game with some of the best music there is on the gaming industry.
76561198075570279,Recommended,247080,29680918,Posted: 3 February,all,the human spleen,I hate this game. 9/10.
76561198117635145,Recommended,247080,29682460,Posted: 3 February,all,Ledian,"I have had this game for a while now, And I suppose this is as good a time as any to write a review about it.The game itself has a bit of a learning curve, I definetly recommend playing this without any distractions, and listen to the beat don't try to move with the beating heart. It has an amazing soundtrack, and that alone is worth the price. The game also has some pretty unique enemies/bosses.Not quite the TL:DR, If you like a challenge and great music to go along with it, definetly get this game!Completely worth the full price and DLC."
76561198303293137,Recommended,247080,29994174,Posted: 17 February,all,HawkpeltTheCat,"This game is realy fun, with the concepts of dungeons, rythm, and boss battles, i find this game rather enjoyable."
,Recommended,247080,29898792,Posted: 13 February,all,Chronepsis,Peoples make common mistakes such as thinking...for example;-Does it work on my pc?-Is this a good game?-Does it worth buying?-What can i do sometimes? (wtf?)Mistakes exists and our responsibility is getting rid of them. Just buy this game... Yep do it. Dont even think about it. Just do it.
76561198153336211,Recommended,247080,29940896,Posted: 15 February,all,Wynter_Storm,It doesn't suck
,Recommended,247080,29951308,Posted: 15 February,all,Puppy,"Let's begin with this review,This game is, well different from anything i played before, i won't lie. The soundtrack is good and i love the fact you have to dance to said music. I questioned the game when i first got it, i gave the game a chance and now i just love it! Overall it's a good and fun game to play."
,Recommended,247080,29980891,Posted: 17 February,all,reptilman7650,Love it! <3
76561198192305915,Recommended,247080,29526035,Posted: 27 January,all,Mardog,This game is simply amazing
76561198074979904,Recommended,247080,29529949,Posted: 27 January,all,eon,"I was sceptical watching the trailers but caved in (excuse the pun) after a sale that was too good to decline. Boy have I been happy that I did. The initial learning curve is way higher than an average game in the genre (which, it must be said, is pretty unique to begin with). It is not that the game is a nail bitingly difficult rongue - it is! - but the controls and rhythm take some time to get into. I found the tutorial fairly useless but then it is also fun finding things out for yourself, just as long as it doesn't make you ditch the game, which would be a grevious error! Once things click, the Crypt become a hugely addictive and satisfying dungeon romp unlike pretty much anything I have ever played. The Zeldaesque visuals create a cheerful world that is never tacky like so many games trying too hard to be cartoonish. Needless to say, the music is pure dead brilliant! Go ahead, give the NecroDancer a whirl... you will be glad you did!"
,Recommended,247080,29552597,Posted: 28 January,all,luxas,Played it really amazing game.
,Recommended,247080,29554993,Posted: 28 January,all,Explosheep37,Awesome and unique game.
76561198035053338,Recommended,247080,29575074,Posted: 29 January,all,Dracobomba,Literally the most fun I've had in ages. Absolutely worth every penny.10/10 would get slaughtered by an instrument-wielding kraken again.
,Recommended,247080,29682728,Posted: 3 February,all,Jorost,Fun game with great music and quite challenging
76561198081664580,Recommended,247080,29725098,Posted: 5 February,all,Lord Cio,It runs in my pc.
,Recommended,247080,29754873,Posted: 6 February,all,JackFridge,"This game is amazing! Anyone who is a fan of music and skill games will definitely enjoy this one! IMO, the story mode is just made to train you for the real challenge : the postgame achievements. I can't believe how fun this game is even though i've beaten it so many times, it's so easy to replay and you need a ton of skill to get some of those pesky achievements. Just buy it, you will not be dissapointed."
76561198094728232,Recommended,247080,29524839,Posted: 27 January,all,Queen Lesbean,One of my all time favorite games to play through steam. I recommend this game to everyone.
76561198037891977,Recommended,247080,29724909,Posted: 5 February,all,robsonclark001,"""Beatdowns to the beat"" from the steam description does a great job of explaining this crazy mashup of genres. A dungeoncrawler with items, monster types, spells, and permadeath. Then throw it for a spin by making every action be done to the beat of the soundtrack. Dash in, Attack, Dodge out, Eat a healing item, Cast a spell, all while keeping to the beat with the handy on screen prompts while keeping the action center stage though.Then what really makes this amazing is after you've played the great default soundtrack, the game can work the same magic on almost any music file you have on your computer. So much fun to do cheesy things like fight a room full of zombies to ""Thriller"", or fight an already shuffling rock golem to ""The Kansas City Shuffle"".Also a solid local co-op to chest bump your friends with!"
76561198029359016,Recommended,247080,29922647,Posted: 14 February,all,sulunais,"I love this game - it perfectly implements roguelike gameplay, with a novel idea of moving to a beat, and fun sprites."
,Recommended,247080,29538407,Posted: 28 January,all,JakiPC,this game is great!
,Recommended,247080,12319487,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Chronon,"Damn this game is difficult to keep up with and I absolutely love the new kind of challenge.Crypt of the Necro Dancer forces the player to think fast which makes even the most simple enemies surprisingly big struggle to kill. Every enemy type has their own pattern but actions are required to be done in rhythm. This keeps the gold multiplier up and the cash flow coming in for better items.Most of the runs last between around 5 to 10 minutes so this game is perfect for short sessions (but I often end up playing for couple of hours on a one go).Before buying this game be wardned that it really is brutal. Many deaths only require 2 hits from some enemies so often even one big enough mistake tends to be deadly. I'm only in the second dungeon and even after 10 hours still struggling to finish it. I'm personally fine with that since the game has only 4 dungeons to complete so far.Btw, local multiplayer is really fun with a right kind of person."
,Recommended,247080,29092175,Posted: 7 January,all,Haunted ♥ Sintie,"One of the best roguelike games you can get!Creative and addictive, this game works around music so if you enjoy music, retro-styled games and roguelike games,You should be playing this game!If it ever happens of you getting bored of the amazing official soundtrack you can always add your own favorite songs to the game, the game while also being fun and fast paced it's also challenging and very entertaining, with items that improve your way through the dungeons and unlockable characters that change the way you play it, with great enemies and boss fights and randomized dungeons so you can always face something new, not even mentioning the Workshop support that allows even more possibilities!This game promises you that you'll dance with it! (and punish you if you don't do so)"
76561198046180787,Recommended,247080,17583872,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,PetrolPatrol (Genji),"At the time of writing this review, I'd only spent 16 hours in this game.Obviously, I'm letting my life go to waste by doing things besides playing this game.-----Okay, but really, for those of you who want a review which may help you decide whether you should buy this game or not (which the answer is yes, btw), here it goes.CotN is a beautiful, rhythm-based dungeon crawler with great graphics (even though they're pixelated), characters, etc. etc. etc. and MUSIC. Holy h*** the music. It's beautiful.There are some bugs which need to be driven out of the game, but there's a very small amount of them. (I've never even run into a bug personally - this is possibly due to my low amount of playtime, but I'm assuming it's just that there are so few bugs left!) As a note, if you find a bug, the developers are very responsive and stay on top of fixing everything.As far as the price goes... it fits the game perfectly. This isn't some game you'll win in a few hours, nor is it a game that you'll get tired of any time soon. You can spend a large amount of time playing, dying over and over and over (and over and over) and not get bored. Now, you may get irritated by how difficult this game is and quit - you'll be back in a few hours at the most, though, don't worry. Due to the difficult nature of the game, you'll probably get a lot of playtime building up just trying to complete every level once! Even with that out of the way, there'll still be more game to explore, and I'm sure you'll be tempted to play the levels over again simply because ""I loved that one enemy,"" or ""I never got that one character you unlock in that level,"" or ""That level had the best music, I need to hear it again,"" and so on.My point is that there's enough time, fun, and replayability (Is that a word? If not, it is now. I made it.) to this game to fit its $15 price tag. Heck, I would have paid more.There's plenty of content to this game as well. This included everything, from the numerous characters you can unlock, to the different store items you can buy that appear in the crypt afterwards, to the numerous enemies and bosses you'll have to learn to fight... Yeah, I could go on and on with that one. Also, levels have a randomized design every time you enter, so you'll always find different items that you've purchased, maybe some new enemies you have yet to face... Fun!One of the best parts of this game is the music. Everything about it is perfect. It always fits the zones you're in so well, for one thing. There's no chance you'll ever feel the music to be tasteless, boring, misfitting, annoying... anything like that. I would definitely buy the soundtrack in its entirety if I had the money (but sadly I spent my monz on the Serious Sam series and CS:GO items so I don't have enough to buy the soundtrack); I'd buy it simply because it's so catchy and it really doesn't grow old.One of the coolest parts of this game besides its music is its level of customization. Now, if you play the game non-stop, falling so deeply in love with it and its music that you forget what the music you used to listen to sounds like, there's a solution for that - in the game's menu, you can go to a submenu (I forget its name at the moment) and choose a level. From there, you can choose a song from your own personal music library and have it uploaded to the game; from there, you can choose whether to have it play at half speed or double speed if you wish, and once you go back to that level you'll get to dance to the beat of your own songs! Also, the Community Workshop for this game has plenty of mods which you can Subscribe to, which will appear under the Mods submenu. Sadly, you can only have one mod active at a time, but it's still pretty neat that you can walk around as a Charizard version of Cadence if you so choose, or even as Luke Triton!As a note, you can kill the Shopkeeper. Just get him angry with something like a bomb, a painful spell, etc., and he'll start chasing after you. Know that if you kill him, you get a hat and all of his merchandise (in this particular store) becomes free. Also know that if you attack him you'd better have a plan because you'll probably die if you don't. I've died so many times to that guy.Before I wrap this up, I'd just like to mention that you can unlock a large variety of characters with their own special quirks/abilities/etc. Cadence is your default character, but you get plenty more options the more you play the game, like Dove, Eli, Bard... yeah that's all I remember at the moment.Anyway, I'm pretty sure I've covered just about everything, so in short, this is a very wonderful game. There's plenty of content, beautiful music, wonderful designs, and just lots and lots of fun to be had. You really do owe it to yourself to try this game at least once. And be warned that if you try it once you'll probably get sucked in."
,Recommended,247080,12739777,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[DFS]Garrett,Can't stop dancing11/10ye
76561197994503917,Recommended,247080,13095407,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,JDCollie,"Addictive, creative, and most importantly, really damn fun."
76561197972234707,Recommended,247080,15556569,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Axe,"After the 1st 30 minutes I was ready to never to play it again, I dont know why but it just didnt click ..but then I started rescuing people and started unlocking new and cool things, and started getting into the rythmn  of the game and then I got sucked into the wave as I suddenly understood how great this game is, its so well thought out, cudo's to the dev team.  I'm glad I stuck with it. great game"
76561198006567656,Recommended,247080,28380495,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Star Paladin,Great.  Fun.  Has Co-op.  Wonderful time playing it!
76561197999005361,Recommended,247080,13601395,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AGamerX1,"A really enjoyable rythm-rougelike-dungeon crawler game with a very good soundtrack by the same composer of the Super Meat Boy and Binding of Isaac soundtracks.Play this and you may just fall under the Necrodancer's spell yourself, though is that really so bad?"
,Recommended,247080,13986905,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Serathis[HUN],"This thing is pure awesome. Great music, fun and challanging gameplay and if you don't want to rythm, just go with the bard class."
,Recommended,247080,26858972,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sorbet,Heavenly combination of Roguelike and rhythm game. A must play.
,Recommended,247080,26551587,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,gbromios,"ITS REAL GOOD!roguelike + rhythm game. if that sounds remotely appealing to you in the slightest, this game will exceed your expectations. Plus, the music is ♥♥♥♥in' raaaaaaaaaaaaad. I bought the album on bandcamp and sometimes bump it in my car."
76561197994641567,Recommended,247080,16545651,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Zen Tractor,"A great game with a great gimmick.  It also has great music.But what's most impressive is that even without the 'move to the beat' gimmick, it's still a super solid turn-based roguelike.I'd recommend this for everyone who loves dreaming of boogie skelletons."
,Recommended,247080,14737179,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,icU°Kassius,"Really great fun and I enjoy coming back to it. The 'standard' game mode hero plays very toughly and you have to be very good to proceed through the dungeons, learning the patterns of all the enemies.I like the Bard mode where I can take my time and carefully plan my strategies :)Good music, even if the bass line of one track sounds a little close to Muse for my liking!"
,Recommended,247080,35487412,Posted: 4 October,all,NotSoSpooky,i suck at this game lolit's got good soundtracks tho
,Recommended,247080,33681056,Posted: 20 July,all,SK8DSTRY,Rythm + Dungeon crawler + Great OST.= One more beat!
76561198010962013,Recommended,247080,23944757,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KamizeFrog,Gameplay is simple yet extremely fun and addicting - move and kill monsters to the beat of the music as you explore   dungeons collecting sweet sweet loot. The better in tune you are to the beat; the better the loot.  It also helps that the soundtrack is incredibly catchy.
76561198086546140,Recommended,247080,23942180,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Happytim3Harry,BEST GAME !!!!
,Recommended,247080,23953768,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jabbadabbadahat,"Great game, but sadly i can't rythm ;/"
,Recommended,247080,17336565,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,davidincostamesa,
76561198240371040,Recommended,247080,29491439,Posted: 25 January,all,Mitch,it was fun
,Recommended,247080,29491419,Posted: 25 January,all,Brian,"I bought it on a whim, best whim I've ever had"
,Recommended,247080,26964363,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Schnitzel von Krumm,"So hard, so amazing, so necrodancey"
,Recommended,247080,27807363,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CachoTognax,"Rythm games meet dungeon crawler rouguelikes, in this turn-based real-time hybrid witch will leave you tapping with your foot/finger to the beat, I even had to eat to the beat afyer the first time i played this!"
76561198257082091,Recommended,247080,26874175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Assimby,"Much Dancing, Such Necromancing10/10."
,Not Recommended,247080,35493278,Posted: 5 October,all,Sir FartaLot,it is a great game and really fun to play. but sadly when i shut down this game i get a fatal error and my whole computer crashes and for that reason only i will not recommend. but if this didn't happen i would reccomend.
,Not Recommended,247080,32795523,Posted: 25 June,all,Oahkery,"For a long, long time, I had this on my ""not interested"" list. But finally, seeing it on sale for $3 and so, so many positive reviews, I thought I'd give it a shot to see if it might surprise me. And sadly, it didn't.It's your typical rouge-like game, plus rhythm, and that's pretty much it. There's nothing to make it stand out other than the fact you have to move on the beat. And that completely turned me off from the game. Within a couple minutes of getting used to the controls, I was already getting tired of being restricted to whatever the tempo of the songs was. If you're traveling through the dungeon or have to backtrack, it's tedious; if you're trying to get to a good spot to attack an enemy and have to keep waiting for the next beat, it can be frustrating. There was absolutely nothing redeeming about the rhythym aspect of the game. The soundtrack was admittedly great, but it could have had a good soundtrack without forcing the rhythym stuff on you.I don't know; maybe I should have listened to my instincts and not bothered with this, but with an ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating and two genres I enjoy, I thought, ""Why not?"" The thing about the game, though, is you get weak versions of both genres that is attempted to be carried by the novelty of combining the two, and that novelty swiftly wears off."
,Not Recommended,247080,26118975,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Bob,"To me this game felt like The Binding of Isaac but to a rhythm. Much like that game this is immensely popular but I don’t like it. The game is deliberately very hard, you are supposed to die repeatedly and each time scrape together enough diamonds to get upgrades to allow you to progress a little further. Despite the procedurally generated levels it grows repetitive and annoying very quickly. Given that this is a music based game, the soundtrack is disappointing. Some of the tracks are great but most of them are forgettable.  The music based combat is novel and the enemies are reasonably varied but not enough to redeem the game for me."
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,247080,29495539,Posted: 25 January,all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","I didn't like it. I'm sure others can find enjoyment in it, but it kinda just struck me as a basic dungeon crawl with a techno beat to it (and having to move with it which... i don't know, I found kind of annoying)Liked it in theory,Didn't like it in practice."
76561197968857997,Not Recommended,247080,22770487,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sgt. Kabukiman,"Pretty tunes, but not very explanatory. I would probably recommend this to some, but it's not for everyone, especially not me."
,Recommended,247080,12298744,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Cubs,I got out danced by a gigantic undead gorilla king doing the conga and died. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15554037,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Trevor Jr,"Well looky here, another rhythm game like 140! This should be enjoyable, except this time the rhythm bit is more important. Oh wait, it's also a rogue-like... Like The Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain, those games I find really fun...THIS IS MORE FUN THAN TAKING THE MICK OUT OF JOE PLANT AND LEWIS COMBINED"
76561197968107996,Recommended,247080,15538125,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,WarPigeon,"As of this posting, 99% of the 2500+ reviews here on Steam gave Necrodancer a positive rating.Yes, it's worth it, and don't forget to buy the soundtrack, too."
76561198037724940,Recommended,247080,12493069,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,PsykoNinja,♥♥♥♥ yes this game is killer. Custom music? Hardcore mode? Mother♥♥♥♥ing dancepad mode? Why arent you playing yet loser?
,Recommended,247080,11575015,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,dead sea man,"Ммм, ну если Барановски хоть как-то участвует в проекте, то проект по-любому хорош.Crypt of the NecroDancer - это будто смешали Audiosurf и The Binding of Isaac (ну или Dungeons of Dredmor, например). Получилось классно."
,Recommended,247080,15542196,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dr. Doc Main (Using DLC Unlock),GOATA GO!Not fastTO THE BEAT!!!!!
76561198052392239,Not Recommended,247080,19544711,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SixtusTheFifth,"1/10Why? Because that's how many people finish this game. The global achievements show 7% finish zone 4, which is less than 1/10 but I'll round up.The overwhelmingly positive reviews and the amount of time played are linked.  At the 10 hour mark I would have rated it highly too. But the awful truth, and what no-one has the guts to tell you is: this game hates you.Which would be fine, if it said that on the box or any game reviewer pointed it out. Don't Starve is brutal, Path of Exile is for people who like it tough, Total Biscuit says not to play SpaceChem unless you want to feel stupid; ALL of these game I've played and NONE of them would I give 1/10.But this game doesn't say it on the box, no one points that out and so it gets 1/10 from me.When you start you unlock trainers, you buy items to show up in drops and shops, you unlock training rooms against monsters and bosses. It all seems so promising, like you'll get out what you put in. Welcome to the 10 hour mark, where like every sycophant before you, you too will rate the game 10/10, blather on about the shopkeeper, and not dare say anything bad because the herd decided this developer was one of the good guys.At the 30 hour mark you'll realise: it doesn't matter how much health you buy it never shows up in drops or shops, the training rooms are 1v1 but in the zones you will be mercilessly ganked (one wrong move could put you in a room with 4 minibosses for which there is no training, and two super boss fights spawn mini bosses like mad), and that shopkeeper everyone loves will kill you if you happen to open the door without noticing the colour of the bricks on his shop, perhaps because you were too busy noticing 8 other ways to die.Play the Bard, the herd say, for you can move whenever you like and it is easier. Except that 4.2% have finished the game as the Bard and I'm one of them. The other 95.8% were probably too busy writing overwhelmingly positive reviews.This game hates you, it is trying to kill you, it wants you to fail. Know that.And now you can decide if this is the game for you."
,Recommended,247080,15472408,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Ganky Kong,"this is, for all intents and purposes, the One True Game"
76561197985250202,Recommended,247080,11499474,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,kbforme,"this game is all that and a dime sack, do yourself a favour and snag a copy you wont regret it."
76561198122351815,Recommended,247080,23872060,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,legodj16 BoostedBanobo,best indie game ever!!!
,Recommended,247080,33985544,Posted: 2 August,all,eattwo,I saw this game on sale and it seemed good from the reviews. So I bought it.It was good.
,Recommended,247080,14768990,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Đominus Aventiūs,A Dance with Dragons10/10
76561198094599307,Recommended,247080,14798385,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Nordic Lord,"with everything from tap-dancing goblins to singing merchants to elementals that just plain know how to shake it what isn't there to enjoy in this bomb blasting, slime slashing, battle of the beats"
,Recommended,247080,12435537,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Longreach Jones,A surprisingly addictive game that will have you bouncing to the beat as you play.
,Recommended,247080,12466791,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ZombiDJ,Highly entertaining and addicting game with kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack!Also that shop keeper is fabulous.
76561198054674361,Not Recommended,247080,27393295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nomz,"This is great for music lovers and people who want to play with a dance mat, but the controls and options are clunky. Whether via gamepad or keyboard, its not very good as a standalone PC game (I tried both, both sucked). If you can't maintain the rhythm you will ""Miss the Beat"" often. I'm assuming the latentcy calibrator should help but I found little difference.With the overwhelmingly positive reviews I assumed this was a good grab for anyone. But it's for a niche group of players.Can you press a key at a specific time and maintain that interval regularly with various keys? Cool. This is for you. Do you want to play a computer game where you have more control over your playstyle? Play something else."
76561198120175084,Not Recommended,247080,28875029,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bone,"Cyrpt of the NecroDancer is a very orginial and unique game with an epic 8-bit style; plus the music is great! Move along to the beat as you surpass dungeons and fight monsters! Upgrade you player and continue to slay as you gather gold and diamonds! This game is truly one of a kind, but even with all of these positives the game is not worth buying... Cyrpt of the NecroDancer is extremely repetitive and I lost intrest in it almost immediately as it feels like one of those apps you get on your phone, play for a bit, and then just delete. In my opinion, the game is great, but it is too ""lacking"" in content and very repeditive. Therefore, I can't recommend it (DO NOT BUY!)."
,Recommended,247080,29568064,Posted: 29 January,all,O'l Vercion,Best Game. Love it. Would play for at least 870h or more if i could.
,Recommended,247080,12321173,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mortengo,"A very challenging, but very fun and rewarding game!"
,Recommended,247080,15511698,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,slimabob,Crypt of the necrodancer is incredible. If you don't already own this game pick it up now!
,Recommended,247080,11483076,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Phelyne,"On my top 10 favorite games list. I have more than 150. Need I say more?If yes, then I recommend this game to all music lovers. It might be Early Access, but it's still worth the price in my opinion. Has some balance issues, but might be fixed since it's Early Access. They keep adding new features, and they update pretty often. Definetly give it a go if you like music and rogue-likes.Note: You can use your own music too, you don't have to use the game's music!Lots of replayability, give it a try!"
,Recommended,247080,12852639,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spaceman Spiff,"I love this game with a passion and also want to uninstall it from my Steam library at the same time.As a musician, this is my dream game. This is the greatest ""roguelike"" dungeon-crawler of all time. It's challenging to the point that you scream and shout when some derpy skeleton kills you when you have all this cool stuff, but not to the point that you deem it no longer worth your time. This perfect balance is really something spectacular.On top of all that, the local co-op feature and level editor make it unbelievably awesome.One of my favorite games.If you don't have it, your really missing out.Really missing out."
,Recommended,247080,15072290,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Art_illery,unique
76561197994586589,Recommended,247080,27248893,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,creature,cant hold my♥♥♥♥♥from shaking to thoose rhytms
,Recommended,247080,15433122,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Rylo,Game got me off my fat♥♥♥♥♥to jump up and down on a dance pad.Its THAT good! 10/10
,Recommended,247080,12623765,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Qero,A very beautiful and entertaining game for vintage game lovers :D
76561198275765584,Recommended,247080,29492739,Posted: 25 January,all,Masonmash1000,Wow... We are number one is spreading like crazy
,Recommended,247080,29042940,Posted: 5 January,all,xxxtentacion Dad,I beated the game!!Now what?.......───────▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄────▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄──▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄──█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄─▐▌░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░▐▌─█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░▀▀▀▀▀░░█▐▌░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░▐▌█░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▄░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▐░░░░░▐▌▐▌░░░░░░░░░▐▀▀██▄░░░░░░▄▄▄░▐▌─█░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░▀▀██░░█─▐▌░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░░█──▐▌░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░█───█░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░▄▀░░░▐▌───▐▌░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▀░▀░▀▀░░░▄▀───▐▌░░▐▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█───▐▌░░░▌░▀▄░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░█───█░░░▀░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀──▐▌░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░▄▀─▄▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀█▀▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄
76561198138075619,Recommended,247080,11497755,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,DIGBICKMANBOY,This game is the best thing i have ever bought
,Recommended,247080,20688748,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Wockstar,I'd buy it.
,Recommended,247080,21207398,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,andrw3,Fun game to play.
76561198243255106,Recommended,247080,23855524,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,syoya,全程抖腿，根本没注意剧情物品什么的，我怎么就管不住我这腿呢I feel my legs dont belong to me any more
,Recommended,247080,28177848,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,syrito,pretty good but i aint got no rhythm
,Recommended,247080,13864049,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,This Game Is Awesome! [9.5/10Necromancers]  Funny & Hard!! All U  Need Is Feel The Rhytm And Collect Good Items!!Dungeons Are Randomly Generated Each Time U Play! Like Binding Of Isaac But CRYPT OF THE NECRODANCER IS 100 TIMES BETTER!!!!
,Recommended,247080,12591787,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Koro76,Awesome
,Recommended,247080,33485889,Posted: 12 July,all,iCe,tis a good game
,Recommended,247080,33496711,Posted: 12 July,all,aQua,"I may be deaf, but this game is great!"
76561198292766975,Recommended,247080,23139557,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Giantripod,"I was dancing across my living room, and i broke some stuff."
,Recommended,247080,22856740,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,daisypants,"I played for a few hours and it was fun. With each character (besides the Bard) you have to move according to the beat at the bottom of the screen. This gets tedious, but I understand that it's part of the gameplay in general. I found myself playing as the Bard and then when I unlocked some new characters and went to play with them, I was instantly annoyed by only moving to the beat of the music. I wish there was a way to turn that feature off but I assume that would demote the purpose of the game. BUT this game is fun. nonetheless. I'm not sure if I'll sit down and make time to play it again, but I had a really good time playing it for a few hours tonight. :)"
,Recommended,247080,25540132,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mushious,"I'm bad at it but, I keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,247080,14873428,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lahv,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWAmazing game. just stellar.Starting off, it may seem like a normal dungeon crawler, ok i lied it dosent look quite like a normal dungeon crawler.As you have probably guessed or read on the tin, the game is focused around the music and moving to the beat. You cannot move out of sync with the beat.Pros:+ Great game design+ Absolutely stellar music+ hours upon hours of gameplay+ Extremely catchy musicCons:- Extremely catchy music- The game controls are a little un-intuitiveSeriously this game is amazing. If you like rogue likes, or like music a lot, or both, BUY IT!"
,Recommended,247080,23049909,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Shabada,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP_J_SRX_jw
,Recommended,247080,11588783,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Totally Harmless,Got murdered by a conga line.50/10
,Recommended,247080,11482379,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,ChocolateThunder,One of the best indie games i have ever played. 10/10♥♥♥♥ING DRAGONS!!!!
,Recommended,247080,25388559,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Save the Queen,UNCE UNCE UNCE UNCE UNCEUNCEUNCEUNCEUNCEUNCEUCNEUCNUENCUENUCNUENCUENCUENCUNEUCNUENCUENUCNEUCNEUCNEUNCEUN
,Recommended,247080,14230589,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,fatherboxx,DANCE LIKE THERE IS♥♥♥♥♥IN YOUR PANTSDANCE LIKE THERE IS♥♥♥♥♥IN YOUR PANTSDANCE LIKE THERE IS♥♥♥♥♥IN YOUR PANTS
,Recommended,247080,22056308,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Gyoro,The game is good.  You can tell that love was put into it; it's polished.  The gameplay is unique and satisfying.  The music is amazing.  The boss battles are genius.  I want to call this game perfect.Crypt of the Necrodancer deserves all of the fame and recognition the world has to offer.
76561198080781220,Recommended,247080,25312898,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,thinking,fun
,Recommended,247080,17389972,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,⚡Shockal⚡,"Not only is this game unique, but is also very easy to make mods :D"
76561197991448672,Recommended,247080,11486391,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,αciid,YEAHJhhh
,Recommended,247080,34846163,Posted: 9 September,all,Munchkin・ω・,i got the co-op achievement by my selfmake one char brad for cheese
,Recommended,247080,34871244,Posted: 10 September,all,Charles Manson Farmskins.com,Great fun
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,247080,34181297,Posted: 11 August,all,Vividnightmare,"Probably one of if not the hardest game I've ever played. The rythm just adds further difficulty to a format and game which already isn't easy. When I picked this up I thought it was a cute novelty, it's actually a hardcore dungeon crawler. It functions decently, but the button presses don't seem to always register. Combat is a nightmare, I'm probably just not understanding something, but it seems like damage is a certainty in combat unless you have a weapon that can attack diagonally. It is better in Co-Op but just as unforgiving. My issue, and why I can't recommend, is this- There are better rythm games, there are better RPG/Dungeon Crawlers... granted there is no better hybrid, so if that's what you're looking for then go for it. But overall the difficulty seems to void the 'learning curve' idea, you can't learn to make the game better at being fair/balanced you know? Dark Souls and Dead Cells are hard but they are fair, supremely fun. Plenty of RPGs are hard but fair. This just isn't fair in the end."
01100100011000010,Recommended,247080,29494120,Posted: 25 January,all,Len Kagamine,"Yes.Edit: Because apparently people didnt find above helpful, Heres a better one:What it says on the Tin and more, Rougelike Beat-based dungeon crawler. Fun gameplay,even for someone who hates rougelikes. Moving to the beat gives you time to think,but not too much, especially for later levels with High BPM. An absolute must have for audio-philes such as myself."
76561198171194999,Recommended,247080,32731094,Posted: 24 June,all,Jockeyawesomekid,Great game love the rythm
,Recommended,247080,32755455,Posted: 24 June,all,sans,really good game. excited for when the DLC is fully released
76561198315626015,Recommended,247080,34996217,Posted: 16 September,all,Syel Allouch,"Very fun, very difficult. Great music, of course."
76561198028496338,Not Recommended,247080,34628418,Posted: 31 August,all,shawn37,"Its just too difficult. While its cool that all the enemies move in set patterns, and there are great mini-games to help you learn those interesting sequences, combat just isn't fun or rewarding enough to make it worth all the effort.The music is just fantastic, they nailed it and them some.But if you had to get it, I think the contols would work better with a console."
,Recommended,247080,12782062,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Gortart,I had played for over 300 hours and still can't unlock Coda. 11/10 would die in all characters mode bard again.
,Recommended,247080,33016844,Posted: 29 June,all,yz,.
,Recommended,247080,12019440,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Deadman Wonderland,Games like this are why I love the indie scene. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15565534,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,GG LeeMuar,Pon-pon-pata-pon!
,Recommended,247080,20020070,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Clone303,"dam this music it's just too epic and really easy to play and really fun game to, yeah hardcore rogue like, dont hit any wrong buttoms or it can kill you dam fast"
76561197973986251,Recommended,247080,26679895,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LorDima,Simply Awesome.
,Recommended,247080,22859697,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DrunkN,literally play your music.
76561198091000891,Recommended,247080,31207029,Posted: 17 April,all,🐸  Necrochan 🐸,better than osu
,Recommended,247080,29490404,Posted: 25 January,all,Noise Marine,More fun then I expected
76561198250016462,Recommended,247080,29489510,Posted: 25 January,all,Irineu,Is good
,Recommended,247080,29315908,Posted: 17 January,all,Primpy,Neat game!
,Not Recommended,247080,29471444,Posted: 24 January,all,F😈CK HOPE,"I played this game on a free trial weekend on Steam.I love rouge-likes, and rogue-lites, and all that kind of thing. Those types of games are generally my very favorite games.I really didn't like Crypt of the Necro Dancer. The rhythm aspect did not gel, for me, and the gameplay was very bland and basic, other than that one element.It's a very popular and well received game, but if you ask me you should really try a demo first, even if you love the style/genre."
,Not Recommended,247080,33859486,Posted: 28 July,all,FaZe Vonnegut,"This game is for people who are good at video games.  My experience was bad because I spent a great deal of time on the first level, churning through the same content, dying a lot.  It was too hard for me, and the prospect of a grind means I'm not interested in gitting gud at it.  If you're not already somewhat practiced at timing, and twitch decision-making, this might not be for you."
,Not Recommended,247080,21668171,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Dawmino,"Normally a game being hard is not a big deal, but when most of the game's content is gated behind ""Beat Zone 1"" and you can't beat Zone 1, ya tend to just put a game down and move on.It's an interesting game but I feel no drive to continue trying to figure out how to make my runs not end in immediate death by the second floor."
76561198027668052,Recommended,247080,15498125,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jared Banks,10/10 FamilyJules7x music in it son!
76561197974085922,Not Recommended,247080,22750924,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Khorne,It wasn't for me.  I have no rhythm.
76561197972832797,Not Recommended,247080,22542058,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Nerdgunner,"I really enjoyed this game for about 12 hours, then I came to find out that in order to see the end of the story you have to play through the entire game as Aria. You must play through all 4 sets of 3 levels and bosses without ever missing a beat, with only 3 hearts, using only the dagger. This is ridiculous meta level gameplay that no normal person will ever accomplish... to finish the story. So F this developer. Danny Baranowsky did the soundtrack though, and that is HOT. 4/10 Game 11/10 Soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,247080,22605600,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Salmon roll,"Not recommended for the weak.The game is amazing and has a soundtrack to match it, but unfortunately, it's insanely difficult. Look at the global achievement stats for yourself and see if you want to buy this game. I personally don't think the game is worth the price at all, but you should definitely give it a try when it's on sale."
,Not Recommended,247080,25358565,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kermit the MLG frog,"I bought this game a while ago and I was really interested in it as a first glance. Thw game looked like fun with a great soundtrack. But, as you start playing, it is really hard to get past multiple levels. Without looking up anything in the game, it is hard to understand the ""home base"" area. Half of the stuff you haveno idea what it does and you get kind of lost in trying to understand what everything does. The gameplay is fun, but a little tiring with the constant beating of the same enemies etc. This is a game that you can not simply beat casually, you need to do some kind of research and devote time into it. I had fun playing this a couple hours in but then got bored. I would recomend this game to anyone who likes games with long story modes and to someone who would like to devote a lot of time into a game."
,Not Recommended,247080,22059288,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,αναρχία,"I didn't find the game was right for me, but if your in to this kind of stuff, then jump right in.essentially, you just hop to the beat of the music and try to avoid/kill enemies. it's got pretty good asthetics and such, and if you can't handle the timing, then you can choose a character who can move whenever. the mobs are turn based in this mode, so you have time to think about each step you make.The music is good, the asthetics are good, and it's an original concept done well.I just couldn't find myself sucked in, and i did see a lack of explanation in later stages of the game, which was a bit frustrating.I would say give it a try, but i wouldn't go out of my way to tell someone to get it if they didn't already want to buy it."
76561198042310222,Recommended,247080,13625771,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Subtraction,it gud
76561198107224630,Recommended,247080,14543312,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,TheSquintyToast,Mushrooms that dance. I can't tell if I am using drugs or playing a wonderful game.
,Not Recommended,247080,29509465,Posted: 26 January,all,MM,1. Too Difficult.2. DLC devalue original game.
,Not Recommended,247080,20197637,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Impulsive,"Das Spiel ist so ♥♥♥♥ING schwer. Die Mühe und Zeit die man investieren muss um überhaupt die nächste Zone zu erreichen ist einfach lächherlich. Sehr leicht gerät man in eine ausweglose Situation, stirbt und muss von vorne anfangen. Da ist Binding of Isaac wesentlich fairer und macht auch mehr Spaß. Na, immerhin hat Crypt of the Necrodancer nen guten Soundtrack. Auch wenn du kaum Spielspaß hast, kriegst du  wenigstens was gutes auf die Ohren.2,5/5 Dancepads"
76561197963567753,Not Recommended,247080,23804167,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,osaka,"A little buggy with the custom songs. Missing features for custom song select. Fun the first levels, then it gets boring.I couldn't add a comment with everything I wanted to say about custom songs, so here it is:Never thought a developer would put interest into my ""review"". At first, I was really enjoying the first levels with my own songs, but it wasn't working out. I wish I could set the custom song to start at a determined time.For some songs, the game screws up the beat, making the custom song unplayable. This might be too specific, but maybe let the user set the beat as constant? Most of psychodelic songs could benefit from this, because most of the time the beat is constant.Now, I liked the 3 songs of the first zone. But I didn't like other zones' songs and because custom songs doesn't really cut it, I was using zone1_1.ogg 2 and 3 for the remaining zones, but sometimes zone1_3.ogg's beat would be really awkward at either mid or at the end of the song (when selected as custom). I had to remove zone1_3.ogg and replaced it with zone1_1.ogg.Another point is, if you disable achievements just because I'm using my custom songs? why bother? At least consider some acheievements (not the hardcore ones), if there is no other option, warn the user... It's really disappointing.I don't know if it makes sense but like I mentioned before, I didn't like the other's zone songs but I used zone1_1.ogg and zone1_2.ogg to beat all the other zones, except bosses. Why is still not considered good enough to get achievements? (If anything zone1_2.ogg is a little faster, making it a little harder)A feature for custom songs, is... make the level 3 minutes instead of the song ending. It gets really frustating to listen your song get repeated every time you die. So, when you die, your custom song continues playing, but the level needs to be finished in 3 minutes.Another feature for custom songs, allow a level to select 3 custom songs and play them randomly.Custom songs could brought this game to a whole new level, but unless you edit the songs yourself and select very specific songs, it's not worth it (not to mention steam achievements are disabled)"
,Recommended,247080,16692907,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Fu,"Verry Good Game, I Rike It Arot. Verry Nice Verry Good. 5 Dorra Bru Ray."
,Recommended,247080,22785345,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,gette,never miss a beatnever miss a beatnever miss a beat
,Recommended,247080,15510700,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ein,"Crypt Of The Necrodancer is a very hard game like Electronic Super Joy, Super Meat Boy. Thanks a lot to the development team for this game and thanks a lot to Danny Baranowsky for the best soundtracks. One of the best indie games."
76561198045763865,Recommended,247080,26724366,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Barnabas Quimsy,BEST. ROGUE-GAME. EVER.
,Not Recommended,247080,24088999,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,wez,"This game could use some polish.  First my controller isn't recognized by the game and it starts you off on a synchronizing latency calibration.  I am pressing up for a minute not realizing this game can't be bothered to have true controller support.When I finally get the controller set up through an awful UI I get a crash to desktop.  Great,  I re open the game and its simply just not that great, simple concept but nothing that keeps you coming back.  Art style is pretty tired at this point.Music was okay, but this isn't a fun coop experience that I was looking for, in fact it seems more like an afterthought."
,Not Recommended,247080,24179450,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Frolgath,"Game seems very well produced, so I'm reluctant to give a negative review, but I can't find a control scheme that works for me. There's a reason rhythm games usually come with custom controllers. This seems to be designed for keyboard, which I hate. So I tried using a controller, but then it was impossible to do combinations like up+down. Well, not impossible, because you can assign buttons to the combos, but then you end up needing to memorise 8 buttons."
76561198064486593,Not Recommended,247080,23964733,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,megalodan,Not really for me.
,Recommended,247080,32208763,Posted: 5 June,all,Benedict CucumVlad,Quite hard :/
,Recommended,247080,26738838,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Uncle Ben,Thanks to this game I can't type without rhythm.Totally worth it!
,Recommended,247080,14917320,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,KainDarkfire,All my yes.  Best buy to die I've picked up in a long time.
,Recommended,247080,22448700,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Luigi from Mario,"woo boy. ooooooooooOooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO<<<<<<<<><<<<<<<<,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, WOO"
,Recommended,247080,33486588,Posted: 12 July,all,PolanBall,it good
,Recommended,247080,22420272,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Greetings Fleshy Mammals,THIS GAME IS HARDER THAN YOUR NAN'S NIPPLES
,Recommended,247080,15520731,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Oh long johnson,Darude - sandstorm
76561198047548794,Recommended,247080,31864911,Posted: 20 May,all,Dan the man with a pan,"I thought about playing Crypt yesterday, so i opened it up in the morning. Knowing it takes a little while to start up I thought I'd get stuff done when i remembered i had that vasectomy today. I made that appointment early on so i could do other things too. I went shopping, to the gun range, then I mowed my lawn. Crypt still didnt load so I built a time machine to go 1 year in the future so i could give it more time. It was still loading so I killed myself and told my family to write this review."
,Recommended,247080,15619688,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,R-EX 京,"It is so original that the experience cannot be well explained, It has to be played to be understood. A perfect example for the industry to take on interesting (original) concepts (mechanics) rather than great budget with poor (or overused) concepts. Amazing and well executed. The pixel art might be tough to look at, at first, but in time it won´t bother."
76561198069998037,Recommended,247080,22784472,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Ah Pukuh,"Locks up frequenly on OSX. It's a fun little time waster, but I can't recommend a game with severe stability issues."
,Recommended,247080,14946204,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,WalrusPug,Overwhelmingly great music!
,Recommended,247080,15509320,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,dkota from the lights,"Mance Mance Revolution.Because even the Skeletons have the rythym.Also, the shopkeepers sing."
,Not Recommended,247080,22493284,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mdgnmdgn,"Fun enough but once you unlock everything, there isn't much substance. Low on tactile reward."
,Recommended,247080,15505920,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Greg,"It's a Crypt of the >> NECRODANCER <<, what else do you need to know ?!"
,Recommended,247080,14777318,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,undercoverchad,"Cadence:I am Cadence(How unique!)I kill zombiesTo the beatSkeleton:Throw my armsIn the airLike I just-Cadence (*kills skeleton*):-I don't careShopkeeper:LALALALALALALALALA~HERE I AMIN MY GOLDEN CHAMBERSELLING WARESIN OPERATIC TENOR~TL;DR: Whether or not you enjoyed the above, you will enjoy the game far more."
76561197972366152,Not Recommended,247080,22750722,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,[dRats] Ark,"If you enjoy rhythm games more than rogue-like, go for it. But with the essence of the game relying on button pressing at every beat, this can get quite annoying."
,Recommended,247080,15608524,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,stubar,"Really surprised how good this is.  Was hoping from the description that the mix of beat-matching and dungeon exploring would live up to expectations... and it works really well.Such a simple concept and only four buttons to use, but so easy to make a split-second heat of the moment mistake!!Lots of infuriation, lots of fun and lots of just-one-more-go!"
,Recommended,247080,15563127,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ellar k,Why the ♥♥♥♥ are you even looking at these ♥♥♥♥ing reviews when you know this will be the best ♥♥♥♥ing game you'll ever play10/10
76561198087761580,Not Recommended,247080,30705205,Posted: 24 March,all,Megadra,"Was highly waiting to play this game after listening to the awesome soundtrack. Unfortunately for my taste, it was too repetitive and simple for enjoyment.I bought this game on sale for under 5€ so I got my moneys worth for the little time it was able to hold my attention.Definetly would not recommend for full price.Might be a great game for some, but for me this was just not enough."
76561198063963211,Recommended,247080,22487000,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,women in gaming
,Recommended,247080,21828553,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,𝔩𝔞𝔫𝔡𝔴𝔥𝔞𝔩𝔢,"Part rhythm game, part dungeon crawler, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a well-excuted and original concept that marries its inspirations effectively without sacrificing too much from either genre. While it doesn't dig too deep into either genre's traits, if you enjoy rhythm games or dungeon crawlers you will find something to like here (if you can look past its flaws).The meat of the gameplay revolves around spelunking through four zones of four stages each, with the first three having a small pool of possible bosses at the end. By keeping with the rhythm of the track and timing your actions to the beat, you are rewarded with a multiplier bonus that increases your gold pickups (and which later on enhances some equipment). While this is very important exploring the first two zones (especially as a new player because your loot pool will be low), zone 3 becomes extremely hectic with very aggressive monsters, lots of damage traps, and higher base gold pickups. The coin multiplier is useless except for gear once you reach Zone 4 because the gold pickups are so large that you can ignore it completely outside of combat. This seems to go against the design decision of adding rhythm elements and makes the game feel more like a barebones mobile-esque experience instead of DDR with swords. This might change with other characters (of which there are 10 to choose from), but the zones felt very similar in terms of game design when playing with Melody and Cadence for me.Even though the game only has 16 (randomized) floors, you have a great deal of customization options from the level select hub. Different characters completely change how the game plays; a monk who dies from touching gold, a bard who ignores the rhythm and turns the game into a turn-based crawler, and a miner with infinite kickable bombs are some examples of how the gameplay can be radically modified. CotN is also completely playable with a dance pad because everything is controlled with the arrow keys! This alone gives it my ""Best One-Handed Game"" award for 2015. A level editor and a seeded All Zones Mode are also included for enthusiasts.Overall, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a superbly unique experience that is cheap enough that anyone who has played DDR should dust off their dance pad for. While it isn't the deepest rogue-like or the hardest rhythm game, there is enough content included to sink your teeth into for at least a dozen hours."
,Recommended,247080,23378818,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,apollo,i have a really hard time talking to my girlfriend while i play this game because i have to focusit's like pooping but it's more fun and has better production value
76561198083506956,Not Recommended,247080,24207953,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bonji,"Music is great, mechanics are great, but I made the mistake of playing without a gamepad. I can only play for a few minutes before my fingers go numb from pressing the keys. What else would you expect from a rhythm game, right?"
,Not Recommended,247080,24661172,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,vrace fiable,the game is so well donebut ends up being repetitive
,Recommended,247080,24750304,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vince,♥♥
,Recommended,247080,14238438,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,cloud☁catcher,as far as i can tell the point of the game is to dig diamonds out of the walls and kill a dragon or something so im pretty sure it's a minecraft rip-off with a music gimmick
,Recommended,247080,13970334,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,a tragic waluigi,"Buy this game, idiots. Why would you waste your money on all the terrible indie garbage flooding steam when this game is RIGHT HERE and it's actually GOOD for once? BUY."
,Not Recommended,247080,29513695,Posted: 26 January,all,Felwinter,"As of right now I cannot decide if I like this game or not. It will crash at the loading screen. I won't get into all of the details, but I did make a detailed thread on my issue in the technical support discussions of the game. It took over 48 hours for the first response from the developer. Then, he asked about 4 things. 2 of which, I already mentioned in the post since I read other threads about this issue (none of the solutions worked.) I'm still waiting for a final response. My experience: bad customer support. Taking 48 hours and then making it seem as if they didn't read the thread and just copied and pasted an answer? Not that great. (Yes I did take the two solutions given to me. Neither worked, they were ""Run in administrator mode."" and ""Disable any anti-virus."")"
76561198127377178,Not Recommended,247080,25487908,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Amithis,"I really wanted to like this game but I couldn't. The music is amazing, but it is so hard to progress in this game. Unless you have a good run you have to start all over. I wish there were save points in this game."
,Not Recommended,247080,22036673,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Difficulty Tweak,"i thought it'd be fun, turns out it's difficult as♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's not actually all that fun because if you die you get sent back to the start of the zonei bought it full price and am regretting it, so i'm refunding it.who knows, maybe i'll buy it again when it's on sale and have more fun"
76561197961853986,Not Recommended,247080,29546951,Posted: 28 January,all,QUADROPHENIA,poor control. was expecting better.
76561198084576950,Not Recommended,247080,29738425,Posted: 6 February,all,ZIEL X,it's controls are annoying to me or maybe this is just not my kind of game
76561198040540687,Not Recommended,247080,22810183,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Serpenz,"Not worth 15€.In Sale for 5€ its more or less worth it, but not for the full price. Theres just too few content. I finished the game, including having bought every item in 5 hours."
76561198002625552,Not Recommended,247080,26463878,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Sepuku_LV,"Don't understand the hype about this game. Everything seems in places though.Got bored after 10 minutes of constant, rhythmic button mashing. Trailer looks 10 x more fun then the game realy is. +1 to marketing team, -1 to my irrational Halloween Steam sail shoping urge!Don't feel ill be returning to this game any time soon."
76561197960802741,Not Recommended,247080,23852484,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SnakeIRye,"I want to like this game, but it's extremely difficult and getting past the third dungeon seems impossible. It's telling that only 40% of players have even the first acheivement. Make a baby mode or something."
,Recommended,247080,18335288,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Neco the Sergal,"The game got a 10/10 just for the fact that me plugging my Playstation 4 controller into my PC made the game infact recognize that it wasn't an Xbox controller - and that when you customize and map the buttons in the options? It actually HAS Sony/Playstation-oriented buttons on the screen to remind you which button (Or button combo) was for what.... Seriously, I love you guys at BYG just for that alone.Also. The merchant sings like an angel."
,Not Recommended,247080,19924606,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,kairu,"Once I got to the second level, which took me about 9 hours, the game began to lag on my potato, making it unplayable.  I attempted to get a refund, but I couldn't due to Steam's refund rules."
,Recommended,247080,19895014,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,negromancer,"…………………….…………..................„--~ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).'\………….……………………............... („-~~-„¸_….,/ì'Ì…….……………………..............¸„-^""¯( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ¸-¯""¯/'…………………….........¸„„-^""¯ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡'\¸„„,-""**¯¯¯'^^~-„„„----~^*'""¯ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡¸-""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)„-^"" : ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡„-""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ¸„-^¯( ͡° ͜ʖ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ¸„„-^¯:.' : : '\ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)¸„„-~""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°):""-„""""***/*'ì¸'¯:.'.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡:""-„ ( ͡° ͜ʖ\.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° \,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ 'Ì( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ/""-„_::::_„-*__„„~"""
76561197999099461,Not Recommended,247080,19993520,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Serenade,I enjoy rogue-likes and rhythm games but this doesn't seem to be clicking with me. Right away I'm finding that the controls are really frustrating and I'm sadly just finding it to be tedious.Was hoping the rhythm had more to it than just making traversal a chore.
,Recommended,247080,21740571,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,:)Lexi_Rawr(:,At first I downloaded it online... It was so good I decided to buy it on steam. I highly reccommend this game because it is just amazing in every aspect.
,Recommended,247080,25683293,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,flomu,this is like tf2 but with no mouse
76561198108762252,Not Recommended,247080,34007902,Posted: 3 August,all,JayJayD,"Maybe it's me, I tried but I didn't like. Just in case, I have timing, I'm musician."
,Not Recommended,247080,35275115,Posted: 28 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,"this game is not worth the money. If you have free money to spend, buy yourself some nice food instead."
,Not Recommended,247080,33771171,Posted: 24 July,all,malaisling,"The quality of the game is a series of trade-offs.The animation and art for the game itself isn't particularly impressive; but it has a phenomenal soundtrack.The combat is simplistic and primitive; but innovative in a very humble way.There are plenty of items and equipment to find and unlock; but they aren't very exciting nor is the unlock system itself.The world design is quite generic fantasy babble; but it has some neat pun based silly bosses.There are a decent amount of unique areas and everything is randomized; but the map and enemy layout is inconsequential.The primary downside to the game that is not balanced out by something, like with so many games now, is the difficulty.The game has no problem with allowing chance to lock players into a deadly situation just because the enemy patterns synced up just right to be indomitable. The game has no problem with just spamming the player with enemies, which are almost impossible to survive because the player is locked to the beat and thus has a limited scope of what they can do at a time against multiple threats. Some enemies just outright have obnoxious attack patterns which require the player to literally stop everything and perform a specific chore to counter that one enemy; this being extremely problematic if that enemy has any help at the moment which the aforementioned issue of spamming enemies stacks onto. Finally, there are some enemies that literally just end the run if they show up because they are so strong and require you to do one specific thing to fight them; if you are in the wrong situation or do not have that enemy completely memorized then you just lose; because screw you for playing the game.This all massively ramps up by the third area, which is where the game completely stops caring about being reasonable and expects you to trial-and-error master memorize everything if you want to progress.Another issue is that because the attack and move buttons are the same, if the player has a weapon that hits more then just their directly adjacent tile; when the player goes to move to an open tile but something is in their weapon range in that direction they will be forced to attack it instead of moving. Which can cause legitimate problems and actual deaths. So having any weapons other then the basic one-tile-of-range dagger is also a bad thing because the way the game functions can lead to the extra range making the player attack things they don't want to, which keeps them standing still, which can get them hurt or killed. It is borderline impossible to account for in the heat of gameplay because of how awkward and unintuitive it is and thus it is just a problem that has to be accepted will hinder the player when using any weapon type except one.The minibosses aren't very balanced either, at all. Some of them are trivial, some are average, and some are ridiculously overpowered and have an eighty percent chance to just end that run the moment they show up because they are literally that absurd to fight.And the controls are quite bad. Everything is controlled by only four keys. So in a game that is meant to be rythme based and thus needs to be smooth, they thought it'd be clever to map over eight controls to four keys by requiring players to press awkward and unintuitive button combinations of those four keys to use things like healing items and spells. Not only did they make the controls bad for working with something that the player needs to do quickly if they're at low health or are in the actual spot to cast the spell and need to; they did it in a game where they have to do everything to the beat. Furthermore, the control remapping interface does not tell you what button combination does what in-game. So you have to look that up yourself. And the controller support doesn't acknowledge all the buttons on the controller, so the player can't even make use of them all which makes it harder to remap the bad controls into something playable if the player happens to prefer controllers. And using the analog stick causes the menus to flip out as well.Although the game itself has a great concept, the game almost exclusively relies on artificial difficulty. If the bad and counter-intuitive controls aren't horrible enough, the difficulty of the enemies themselves is entirely based on unfairness. The game spams the player with enemies and ganks, the game makes the player fight enemies with tedious gimmicks that require the player to stop everything just to satisfy that gimmick, the game spams players with gimmick enemies which together cause mandatory damage; because their gimmicks line up in the exact way where the player can't avoid harm or they just can't respond to everything at once, the game spams the player with environmental hazards ontop of making them fight at the same time, the game spawns enemies with gimmicks that the player may not even be able to respond to in their current setting because there isn't enough space or time to do it.The enemies themselves are almost all easy to fight, the game is difficult exclusively because it piles on enemies, hazards and blockages at once with no mercy or limitation. It expects the players to dance around it all exactly; exactly everytime to the most L33T degree in order to survive in the middle of a real time game where your movement is locked to a rythme. Even while knowing every gimmick and hazard, accounting for them all at once is absurdly difficult if not impossible. And beyond this, the game can line the player into a scenario where they fundamentally cannot survive no matter what they do. Because it is all randomly generated with no restriction, so it is possible for the player to get a game over because they were locked into an impossible situation.The final zone boss and final boss are also just, the developers just throwing in as much difficulty as they possibly can to kill the player off. The final zone boss is absurdly spam-based and expects the players to fight multiple mini bosses while the invincible boss is spam rushing them, then players have to bait the invincible boss into performing a certain action while he rapidly spam rushes at the player the moment they are in his sight and he hits for over half the players health each time if it lands. Immediately afterwards players must then fight the final boss, which requires player to juggle an absurdly overbearing gimmick while fighting off constant waves of enemies who hinder the players ability to satisfy the gimmick. Until then the final boss shows up then the final boss must be fought while still juggling this gimmick and fighting constant waves of enemies and a mini boss spawns each time you even hit the final boss. It is just the developers making as much of a stupidly overpowered end to the game as they can so players can't finish the game and thus have to keep playing.Everything about the game itself save for the controls is generally just fine. It's the completely arbitrary and meaningless sense of difficulty that the game has which makes it really hard to complement. Because there is no structure, limitation, or sense to any of it. Although during the first two biomes it isn't very significant, the final two are entirely steeped in it.It's not like in most Rogue-likes where trial and error eventually leads to the player fairing better in surviving. From start to finish it is exclusively about the random generation of the game. Either surviving because the random generation didn't just game over the playthrough, or surviving because the random generation spawned enough good items for it to not matter."
,Not Recommended,247080,25805581,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[GOTR] Gargletea体験版,"Its a really interesting concept, and its done quite well.The entire game does feel really polished, smooth and well-planned out.However, I just don't find it that fun.Lots of really neat ideas, but it doesn't really live up to expectations."
,Not Recommended,247080,18436419,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Tyler,"Music: Fan-freakin-tasticBosses: Amazing. Really neat ideas with themGameplay: BadDon't get me wrong, I do enjoy the rhythm based movement. That isn't the problem. The problem is the frustrating as hell enemies when you get to the later stages (3+). The first two stages were good. Enemies weren't completely cheap at this point, and the difficulty curve was really nice. However, once you get to stage 3, forget all that. Forget difficulty curves. Enemies here are awful, and most of them seem to be impossible to kill without taking damage, at least consistently.For example, there's some ghost lady who shows up and makes you deaf or something when she touches you. I haven't found a way to even damage her without being hit.Remember vanilla Diablo 3, when you reached Inferno for the first time and you hit a wall of complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t preventing you from moving on, and there was nothing you could do about it other than get lucky or horribly exploit flaws in the game? Well, that's stage 3 and 4 in Crypt of the Necrodancer.Challenging games are a lot of fun to me, Dark Souls 1 and 2 are two of my favorite games to play, but this game takes it to the frustrating kinds of challenging and not the fun kinds.This games totally worth it on a sale just to enjoy the first two levels, the music, and those first few boss battles. But nothing else."
76561197999822185,Not Recommended,247080,32035027,Posted: 28 May,all,Deeta,"To enjoy this game, you must be able to think on your feet at a snap of the finger. Try as I might, I couldn't do so consistently enough to enjoy the game and it's in fact more stressful than fun.The game compels you to move according to the beat - the longer you're able to do so, the larger the multiplier which affects gold drops from enemies. Some items also benefits from this multiplier. If you try to move when not on the beat, you won't budge at all and your multiplier resets. I found this to be the most unforgiving aspect. Too often I'll just walk into the enemies' attack because I couldn't recall / predict their attack pattern before the beat falls. Having multiple enemies coming at you makes this a lot worse. There is no setting to adjust the tempo to a comfortable level either."
,Not Recommended,247080,20871098,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,DrFunkMonkey,"I would recommend this game for the first 3 levels, and then stop. It suffers from lack of original creative ideas and settles for frustrating ones. The first 3 levels you are introduced to a nice variety of enemies, which develop and become more difficult as the game progresses. You are also introduced to new enemies gradually which adds a nice challenge which keeps you on your toes. Then level 4 throws that all out the window, introduces you to enemy mechanics you've never seen, off screen kills and enemy ambushes which you can't avoid and sometimes are impossible to survive, which leads you to playing the same level over and over again. I enjoy a challenge, but one I can over come through skill, not depending on which items the game gives me that play through. That's not a challenge, it's purely pot luck."
76561198185560428,Not Recommended,247080,22046675,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,magical yukkuri,0/10. KEEPS CLOSING EVERYTIME!
,Recommended,247080,14253319,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ConnerPlays,I killed a Gorilla with a crown to Conga Music11/10Best game on Steam
76561198095924054,Not Recommended,247080,23768334,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FusionJay,"Not sure what to make of this game, after a good 20 mintues in I was bored and confuse in how I was suppose to play this. The game looked interesting and it had some good music in the background but I guess my expectation of what this game was suppose to be was off. I guess every action requires me to follow the beat of the heart which is located underneath the screen of your character.  It doesn't look like it has any gamepad support, also there appears to be traps which can lock your character in a position, which required me to restart the level and it doesn't seem like I can avoid it unless I stick to the path???If your curious to find out what I'm talking about then be my guess and try it for yourselves, this wasn't my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,247080,17761459,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,jgjfjjfjh,"Being restricted to acting on the beat hurts this game in more than one way. During the beginning zone, where you know the simple enemy patterns like the back of your hand, boredom takes over your senses as you're waiting to move. For the third and fourth zones, the beat gets so fast you'll make mistakes from the stress of needing to think quickly.The simple solution to this problem is to ignore the core gameplay and play as the Bard, right? Wrong. Omitting the rhythm mechanic leaves you with little choice or complexity compared to most traditional roguelikes. If you're in the camp that has no sense of rhythm or don't enjoy the idea of being under a time limit, Crypt of the NecroDancer has nothing for you.Instead, here is a short list of FREE alternatives. These are not as difficult to play as you might be led to believe. After giving an honest effort to learn the controls for 15 minutes, you should be good to go.BrogueDoomRLDungeon Crawl Stone SoupFrozen DepthsInfra ArcanaPowderSil"
,Not Recommended,247080,25662438,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,IVI J X,Make no mistake you'll be moving 1 block at a time and in sync with the musicFor better or worse...For what it is3/5
,Not Recommended,247080,21723133,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Shu Wei,"While i did not play the game long i found it uninteresting, boring and dull all around, other music games have done a better job presenting themselves. The main issue with this game is while it allows you to use your own music from your library it doesnt even work most of the time at least for me, ive tried multiple fixes and workarounds to no avail. Will not buy from these devs again."
,Not Recommended,247080,24144253,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,PatsDark,"It is a very simple roguelike game where you move block by block to the beat of music. It is not without charm but it is severely overrated. The music is quite good and catchy, but the gameplay is very boring for my tastes. There are worse games out there still..."
,Not Recommended,247080,33399290,Posted: 9 July,all,tstki,"Annoying crash that's been happening for well over half a year isn't fixed yet. Please put some time and effort into this devs,. it's very frustrating to lose progress like this."
76561198105491395,Not Recommended,247080,34920485,Posted: 13 September,all,Karabass,"The game idea is fresh, but the content itself is so... meh. Gets old after few tracks."
76561197997705107,Not Recommended,247080,34652956,Posted: 31 August,all,Sir Gin the Drinky,"Great concept, and I enjoyed playing the initial level the first ~10 times I played it. Unfortuantely it's too punishing when you encounter anything new. First boss - tempo changes and there are new attacks. SInce there isn't time to stop and plan, this ends in death, so good luck getting through those subfloors again, maybe this time you'll have the necessary information to defeat the boss. I'd really enjoy this game if you didn't start from the beginning of the floor each time you die.As others have said, it takes forever to load for no apparent reason."
,Not Recommended,247080,19904652,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pidgin can't right click,"As a game, NecroDancer is great.  The gameplay is novel and appealing, and the rhythmic combat works because of its premise and visual design.  The writing and voices are the opposite: tired and uninspired. The introduction was so clumsy and full of flat monologue attempting to be snarky that I questioned if the gameplay is worth it.  At the second story sequence it just continues ruining what otherwise would have been a great roguelike without exposition interrupting play.  From what I saw online, the narrative was written by Silverstring Media.  I think the game could have been better with the developers' own ideas than diluting it with others' visions.I can't recommend it at its asking price of $15."
,Not Recommended,247080,33287862,Posted: 5 July,all,An Angry Yordle,"I love RoguelikesI love Rythm GamesI don't like Crypt of the NecrodancerSo why is that?So hear me out, don't just leave a thumb down, I hope you'll be willing to listen even if you like the game.Well, here's some points:1. Unappealing GraphicsI love good Pixelart...I really do, but this mostly isn't good one.The artists are using the same colour for too many pixels on many images, making it look very very old fashioned. Some look good but too many don'tIf you wanna see really good Pixelart go check out Stardew Valley, Nuclear Throne, or Starbound, they all have their own take on Pixelart and they all look gorgeous. Sadly, CotND doesn't.2. Unnatural DifficultyThe game forces you to make quick decisions.There is not a single time you can have a break, except for maybe switching between two tiles in an empty room.For a game that mostly has a puzzle take on Roguelikes this isn't good, since you barely can concentrate and are gonna panic move a lot which just leads to unnecessary frustration.If you wanna see difficult, but non-frustrating games check out the Dark Souls series, Nuclear Throne, Super Meat Boy, Geometry Dash, The Witness...and many many more, there seriously is a lot of them!3. Lack of information given to the playerThe tutorial doesn't show you how to use items and how the gold multiplier works, enemy health and strength aren't shown, so you either have to remember or guess. Items in the shop aren't explained, so you never know what you're buying, neither are alternative gamemodes.The game really needs to get a little more polished.4. Lack of contentLet's compare to other Roguelikes.The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth has a huge amount of different and unique items, enemies, playable characters and gamemodes, also a lot of them you have to unlock through certain actions.Rogue Legacy has a big Skilltree, many character traits and a fluent progress system.Faster than Light has a huge learning curve, and also a big amount of upgrades and unlockables.Nuclear Throne got at least a decent amount of weapons, playable characters, character perks and secrets, but therefore it still beats CotND in almost every other cathegory and takes long enough to play through anyways, due to its difficulty.So where's any of that in CotND? At least one thing should be worked out deeply.5. The soundtrack is good, but...other Roguelikes got great OST too.Okhlos: Omega for example got way better one in my opinion and even other Roguelikes like The binding of Isaac, Dead Cells or Nuclear Throne can keep up with CotNDTo Masterpiece Soundtracks like the ones of Dear Esther, Clannad, Rabi-Ribi or the Final Fantasy games it's not comparable at all and unlike them this is a music game!6. And for the Rhythm game side of thingsThere's simply better ones. Point. Ones where you don't have to solve a puzzle while keeping the Rhythm, ones where you're not feeling like a metronome after 5 minutes.Check out Geometry Dash, Osu, DDR or Final Fantasy Theatrhythm...and guess what: Osu and DDR and Geometry Dash let you add your own music too.In addition it's one of those games with a horrible DLC policy, I mean, the soundtrack (split among multiple DLC's) costs more than the actual game, who did get that idea?I mean, CotND is not a bad game, but it's average at most and heavily overrated."
,Recommended,247080,15502610,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,AlphaTrain,Why are you even reading this? JUST BUY THE GAME!
76561198089554467,Not Recommended,247080,33534728,Posted: 14 July,all,blazerodguy,"Honestly, It's not a bad game, BUT it freezes my PC very often, when I wan't to exit. I'm running this on Windows 10, by the way. Anyway, please fix this. Thank you."
,Not Recommended,247080,33494403,Posted: 12 July,all,Alex Schaus,"Ultimately this was not rewarding for me. If there was a demo, I'd have quickly dismissed this without buying the entire game. Clearly the rhythm mechanic of pushing up/down/left/right is of interest to many, given the number of positive reviews, but it's nonetheless lost on me.I enjoy rogue-like games, in the Dead Cells sense...and I enjoy the fun of learn, die, repeat. But the learning in this game consists of dancing around and into monsters with particular movement patterns in order to hit without being hit back. Movement is inherently limited by this design, and I found no ""aha"" moments where some particular pattern or combination was particularly fun to execute.Contrast this with other rogue-likes where one is rewarded, especially in the beginning, with new and interesting tactics and options to explore and find a playstyle that fits and rewards the player for their own creativity.Sadly, such is not the case for this game, due to the nature of the limited mobility and incessant pulsing beat that feels as if it is playing you.Would very much like my money back so I can risk it on something else in the rogue-like genre."
76561198142116771,Not Recommended,247080,23543744,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,SoulDOS,I REAAALLY REAALLLLY WANNA LIKE THIS GAME......but i just cant it looks amazing it sounds amazing ......BUT I CANT PLAY IT ITS COMPLEATLY UNPLAYIBLE and i thought my reaction time would help me....no it made it worse espacly when i panic which will happen no matter what :/ like i just said i really really wanna like it .......but i just cant
,Not Recommended,247080,28217838,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,MC Gandalfo,"I can't fathom why people like this game so much. It's a a very simple, standard dungeon crawling game with a gimmicky rhythm mechanic that doesn't add anything interesting. The soundtrack is cool, I reckon, but not enough to save the game. You will be better off playing hack&slash."
,Not Recommended,247080,20393539,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,GasP,"Ok, the amount of content we recieve is this problem I want to consult. The developers have essentially increased the time it takes to finish game by increasing difficulty, rather than adding more content. There will probably be a DLC soon, but right now I am talking about the core game. There is a hardcore mode which YOU have to play, and it worries me as some people with lower skill levels will not be able to see the final cutscenes. As will many people, this forced me to cheat, so I changed the song to 1 second to keep skipping to the boss. Other people probably would of just searched up the cutscene. What I am saying is, a person shouldnt have to be extremely talented to access these cutscenes, and rather it should be lobby extension for hardcore speedrunners.Edit: I am referring to Aria Mode :)"
76561198028183842,Not Recommended,247080,20934868,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,cidian,"I tried hard to like this game, based on the reviews and my enjoyment of other roguelike games, but:1) I find the rhythm combat mechanic is tedious and feels unnatural in boss fights2) Same music over and over and over... even with a custom library I grew tired of rhythm clicking my way through easy content only to die at the bosses within a few seconds."
76561198277214182,Not Recommended,247080,23573509,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,DolphinGaming :),sorry but i dont like it.. i want my money back
76561198214176268,Not Recommended,247080,25682149,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jeminator,"Don't like the genre, so this game must be trash tooLogic from an avid Crypt fan, whos a friend of mine"
,Not Recommended,247080,22760384,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE,"boring, refunded"
76561198036902506,Not Recommended,247080,30201646,Posted: 26 February,all,Enai Siaion,"Technical issues prevent me from enjoying this game. On a GTX 980M with up to date drivers, the game crashes when attempting to change resolution. Requested a refund."
76561198030367984,Not Recommended,247080,17936841,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ExaltedDuck,"Interesting game.  It's essentially a Zork-style dungeon crawler with SNES-tribute graphics and the contraint that all movements are made in time to the music.  I bought it back when it only had two or three worlds and characters, and play it every once in a while.  The monsters get far more difficult as the game goes on but that's expected.  If the whole game were a little more like the first level, I'd recommend it.  But worlds two and three really drop the ball on art style and the music in world 2 (specifically 2-2) is completely inappropriate for a game like this, and the patterns to the monsters in the late game miss the mark for me, falling more toward frustrating challenge rather than fun challenge.  (And I really hate to rip on the music, as it is all amazing in its own right.  It's just that in places, for a beat-driven game, long strings of dotted-eight rhythms and/or spacy sweeping chords sans rhythm really don't communicate the pulse well enough)"
76561198124459519,Not Recommended,247080,24094396,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Vanaros,This game is one of the reasons why developers should leave rhythm games to the asians.
,Recommended,247080,16855063,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,fred kinstone,"pretty much all that needs to be said are three things:1: The shopkeeper sings, and the modding community took that into their own hands to create some beautiful works2: The shopkeeper's name is canonically Freddy Merchantry3: The ghost of the shopkeeper's name (you can kill him) is canonically The Phantom of the Shopera4: Shopkeeper5: Shopkeeper6: You cannot escape the clutches of the shopkeeper7: $%hopk3EEeprR-%8: h e l p  m ereally though it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun and you should play it"
76561198010164702,Not Recommended,247080,18367191,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,rehaveddin,my personal opinion(of course): i dont like the rhythm element cause it gets boring really fast. and beside that the game is just another repetitive dungeon crawler with blunt controls.
76561198242084530,Not Recommended,247080,34492045,Posted: 25 August,all,Tushy,"I wish there was more then a thumbs up or thumbs down option here.  I'd give it a neutral vote honestly.The game has a great concept going for it.  I just don't enjoy the way it plays.  The idea of moving to a beat is good but I find it a lie.  The ""beat"" they have you follow is the beat they show on screen.  It doesnt actually move to the beat of the music technically.  And it sure doesn't work for my personal songs.  That throws the entire game off for me and I couldn't play it for very long.  Having to hear music, follow a totally different beat thats on screen, and watch what mobs are what to know how and when to attack is just to much for even my ability to multi task.  Great concept, poorly executed for me personally.   I would still reccomend this to people but only certain friends."
,Not Recommended,247080,22758737,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Finn,poopoo
,Recommended,247080,26757450,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,**,Ţ̶̴̰̣͕̳͇̻̝̞̣̥͓ͦ̓̐̏ͨ͐ͨ͋ͯ͒̿̀̑̿̆͛͌́̚͞h̵̠͉̟̯̟̻̩̗̖̰̻̮̲̣͖̻̟̄ͧͭ͛̋͋͆ͣ͆͡ǐ̸͗͌̇͋̔̋͝͏̸̠̜̤̫̼̮̞̜͖s̡ͧͤ̏ͦͯ͑̀̊ͭ̌ͮͥ̈́̚҉̹̺̼͚̰̺̯̹͉̮ ̡̢͇̦̠̮̱̤̗̩̟͕̖̮͔͍̜̲̃ͥͪͫ͂̔̓ͫg͉̯͖̝̦̪̻̣̣̰̯̯͍̠̬̼̠ͯ͌̇̾̈̽̂̎̔ͯͨ̇ͬ͊ͯͨͭ̀̀à̶̧͕̝̜͍̞̻̰̺̘̯̯̫̬͙̯͎̗̖̖̌̾͐ͫ͂̾̑͂̾ͭ͗ͭ͂̐m̛͓̯̝̤̝̥͎͓̹͍͇̠͎̫̙̣̯̩͐̋̍̈̔ͣ͢e̶̸̡̺̻̩̼̖͋̌̓̉̀̒͑̿̃̋͐͜ ̨̤̳̟̮͓ͯ̅ͤ͌̌ͨͪ͋͐̄̀̚̚̚͘͢i̶͈͖͕̲̫̹̳͉̙̦͈̹̲͚̠̼̣͍ͩ̃̾̊̉̀̀͢s̷̛̹̜͈̖̮̼̦̘̦ͥ̀ͧ̅̾̚ ̑ͨ̔̐ͪ͗̈̒͋̄̚҉̸̰̩̗̩͙͎͈͓̲͉͎̺͈̘͕p̆̽̿ͩ́ͮ͆ͤ̒̌̿̚̚͏͕̝͕̫͕͇͈̤͖̳͜͞r̢̮̟̣̗̳̜̗̱͙̗̳͕͇̹̘̱̦͆̿̓̾̒̂̑̓ͨ͛̅̒̈́̑ͥ͘ȩ̞̫͙̰̥̝̟̱̣̲̗̝̊̍̿̄ͦ̊̀͐͂͐͒́̏̆ͦͭ̅̅̚͜ͅt̓̉̊͗͌ͦ̏͏̛͘҉͖͇̠̭͉̱̝͈̩̦͡ͅt̡̛̜̮̪̠̮̠͖̤͒͋͆̓͋̆̽̌ͩ̋̒͑ͦỷ̶̸̲̞͙͚͙͊̒̇̃̿̀̋ͬ ̢̛͈̲͕͔̪͍̱͉̹͉͓͔̬̟̳̞̭̟̋̉ͭͩͪ̓̔̈͌̇ͦ͛ͦ͋̀ͬ̆͂́͘ͅl̥͙̠̳̹͇̞͍ͯ̈́̐̿̈͂͒̈̍̉̀̀͜͢i͊́̅͐̿̚͏̨̧̲̣͚̯ͅt̴̨͗͂ͧ̓̔ͫ̃̄̇ͮ̋͒̇̅̈́̿͊̚̚͏̢͙̘͚͍͕̫̫̹̣͍ͭ̐͋̏͐͆͗̐ͫͩ̀͘Y̶ͤ̓ͥ̃ͫ̈́͌͞҉̧̥͎̞̮͓̘o̢̡̓ͫ̂̍̎̓̈́̀͏̩̪̪̩͇͙̰ų̙̹̲̬̤̖̝͚͔͉̤͉̭̦̻̔̐̽͌̉ͥ̎̍̿̑ͫ̓ͭ̋ͨͫ̚͠͠͠ ̛̝͕̺̯̼̘̞̲͍̖̩͖̾̂̇͆̈ͩͬd̳̪̘͔̬̤̞͉̰̞̮̗͈͔̼̏͐ͦ̅͒̆̂̎̒͂̅̽́͘͜͜͟a̡͕̞͚̩͖̲͙͚̾̔̀ͩͫ̽ͮ̇ͭͫ̍͌͆ͨ͂͋̇͆͂n̰̜͎̦̟͙ͪ̄̊̋ͦ̅͗́̕͡͠c̷̫̬̲̜̰͉̯͍͔͈̙̳ͫ̂ͮ̋ͪ̉ͦͭ̓̇̾̏̓̚̕͢ḙ̢͍̳̯̻̓̐͆ͣ͐̓ͨ̽͐ͧ̉͌̃ͤ̄͐ͫͧͯ͡͠ͅ ̎̊͊̍̊̋̄̽̔́ͩ̋̕҉̳̖̦͎̻̗͙̼̤̹ͅå̸̢̹̯̝͖͚͔̦̟̅̌ͣͩ̑ͬ̎̏̒ͧͥ̄̈́ͩ̉͡ṋ̶̢̜̣͇͉̠̙̙̝͛͐ͬ̇͛̅ͭ̾̒̚d̢́͌ͭ͊͒̊͆ͯ͆͛ͫͭ͜͠͡͏̯̗͕͙̩̣̝̩ͅ ̶̦͉̰̗̣̫̬̘̈͆ͥͮ͑̊͛ͪ͑͆ͤ̾͐̉ͬ͆̚̚͢ş̶̹̟͖ͭ̓̆̄̂ͬͨ̅ͤ̆ͩͦ̏̓̓̅̚ͅh̢̲͍̟̱͉̯̦̠̆̆͋ͯ͆̍ͧ̈͒͒͊́ͪ̌ͪ̚͟͝͡ͅi̸̛̥͍̣̣̜̤̬ͪͯͨ͋̽̀ͣ͐̍ͬ̎̑͌͒͡t̷̵̡̛͇̰̟̻̞͖̩ͬ̔̾̐̈ͫ́̐ͬͫ̀ͭͪ̃ͨ̒ͬ́̂̚̚H̷̵̺̮͕̫̜̜̣͚͈̦̳̪̩̀̉̿̔̆ͅͅȩ̢͓̲̲̻͎̞̥̹͇̻̣̫̃͂ͥ̀̓̿̈́͋͊͑̊ͣ̈́̋ͩ͗̿̔̕͠ͅͅl̵͛ͣͤͩͮ̈̀̽̏ͮ̄͒ͮͪ̀҉̥͇̗͜l̴̜͇̜͍̱̣̰̪̩̖̯̠̼͇͐̅̃ͪ͂͐͊ͬ͗͒̈́ͮ̚͡l͌̇͗̋́̌ͪͬͩͭ̍͊̑̒̿̀҉̤͇̹̣̰̻̱͎̹͕̰͈̝̣͢ͅl̴̫͕̗̗̱̱̟̟̜̻̻͓͚͎̄̌̓͛ͣ̍͟l̡̝̮͖̲̣̬̙̫͙͈̜̖̬͔̳̦̉̿̋͗͐ͮ̃ͣ͒̔̓ͥͥ̚̕l̵̡̝̫͙̮̝͎͔̜̬̫̠̥͑̐̀̑̿͌̓͟͢͝ ͋ͧͪ̄ͩ̾͊̂̈́̈́ͮ͒̏̑͋̆̀͟҉͓̣͓̦̗̖̞̝̭̗̱y̧̡̼̥̗̺̺͕̝̲͇̞̾ͦ͑ͭͦͦ̄͂ͩ̆ͣ̑͂͊ͣ́͟e̴̛̠͙̩̘͍͉̳͍̳̳̣͕̯̼̖͖̝̯̅͌͂ͧ́̈́̓a̛̺̞̗̘̮͂͂͌̍͡h̡͈̥̼̻̼͚̬̩̿̈ͦ̒̔̑͢h͙̞̩̞̊̅̓͒͑ͪ͑̅̔̓̌̇ͧ͊͘͘͢h̴̊̐̍̓̌̿̐͌̅̈̌̑͛͐͛́̚͏͡҉̫͚͎̻̭hͫ̄̆̽̏̈̉͏̛͓̳̹̣ȟ̜̹̙͇͎̙̲͇̼͔͉ͨ̃͛̊ͥͦ͜͟ͅh̸̸̭̞̥̪͉͙̥ͬ͂̄̓̀͑ͭ̃͐̍̔͌͆̋̆̓̏͆͋͝҉͏͡͞͏̬͉̱̲͓͇̩̙̲̮̣̪̫͚̜̞S͕͎̯͙̼̲̦͙͙̼̤̣̟͍̲ͥ͛̑̂̽͆̇ͯ͘̕H̛̛̳̘͇̮̜̯̻̀̅ͦ͛̄̒ͬͩ͂͌ͨ́ͩͩ̿ͮͣ̐͡I̾̄̔̃̋͂̈ͮ͟͡҉̛̱̣̰̭̦͈̰̙͍̳̟̬I̧̛̲̜͔̭͖̮̪̤̤̮̼͓̼̪̯͑ͮ̋͑͒̃̏̅͂ͮ͋̔ͥͪ͆̚ͅI̸̡̧̨̱̭̪̜̭̯̟̳̼̮̜̘̘̲̞̒̇ͨͯ̋ͮ̊̅͋ͮ̍̓ͮͮͦ̾̇̒ͅI̷̡̧͗̋̍̅ͬͤ͒ͫ̂͌̋ͭ҉̨̩̟̳̬͈͈̖̮ͅT̛̤̯͈̺͎̼͇ͨ͐ͫ̈͒͌̋ͯ͆͆̓͑̓̈͋ͬ̍͒̚͝Ĩ̡͈̱̙̱̭͓̯̞̜̺̬͍͍̣̲̺͍̮ͭ̈́̎̑͊̓ͥͣ̋̀̐̀͠͞S̵̟͎͓̞̥̬̲̲̦̰͚̹̭̱̹͍̲͙͊ͭ̓ͪİ̗͉̝̳̬̲̭̦̬̗̻̗͙̥̈͐̾̂ͩ̊͌͒ͫ̐͂́͡ͅͅIͣͮ̔̋̽ͫ̎͒̑ͨ̅͂ͪͨ̍ͭ̀҉̵̨̰̘̹͕̫̰̙̱̮͈̯̥͟T̷̡̡̬͍̝̖̗̠̘̻̣̼̞̤͓̻͖̤̎̏̿ͭ̈͂ͮ͛͛ͦ̀̍̚̚͝I̡ͧͬͯ̓͑͌́ͧ͊ͣͣ̽́̀҉̧͎̼̜͚̪̰͇̤̟̠̥̘͠Ş̢̜̪̟̉ͦͭ̊̈̂̈́̚͜͝Ĩ̴̩͙͚̤̤͇ͬ͆̎͗̽ͥ͂̅͘̕͞T̸̔̒̈̾ͩ̉͏̷̴̭̯̙̤̖̲̝̲̜̥͍̯̰̮̫̕I͇̯͉̳̪͍̹̹̦͓͋ͯͧ̏̈̓̊̌ͣ͂͋͐͛ͨͦ͐̒̒͟T̸̛̖̙̭̭̖̜̪͎̰ͯͯ͛͌͋͂̿͛ͬͧ̽̈͊̂ͯͪI̍͗ͤ̿̍ͯͭ̅̒ͭ̔̆ͭ̐ͧ͏̸̢͎͉̮̞̭͍̠̩͟Ţ͍̱̺̘̖̋̽͛ͬ̾̔̔̉̌̂̐ͣͨ̊͂̀̕ ̴̴̨͔̬͓̹̙̤̻̣̼̞͖̄͂̊ͩ̊ͪ̅ͪ̀̉̓ͧ͛́͘ͅB̡̈́͆ͮͩ̊ͮ͊̂̽ͤ̄̎ͦͥͬ̋̈̚͜͏̹̙̣̙̮͍̺̘̪̺̮Ǫ̶̭̯̩͚͇̞̯̭̩͙͐͂̓ͤ̏͋I̷̥͖̫̤̼̝̻̪̯̯̻̲̰̼̘͎͌ͪ͌̓̀̋̀̍̒ͨ͘͢͝Į̡̣̞̹̟͍̌̃ͬ̈́̒ͬ̈́ͮ̌̆͂I̓̽̓̄ͭ̐̎҉̧̀͏̲̩̫̖̬̠̦̰̻͇̻̭̳̗I̷̛̤͈̗̰̦͍͉̦̖͖ͭͨ̽ͭ̓̇͊͐̿͘̕͞Ï̡̡̖̳̖̰͔̫͖͚̪͇͓̞̬̫͙̻̟̐̓̃̂̍ͦ̍͢͡ͅİ̷̱̦͕̝̬̮͙̲̗̭̦̺͂̃ͥ̑̐̾ͦͧ́ͪ͜Iͣ͊ͭͬͮ̓̆̆̿̑ͥ̓̀҉͡҉̯̼͈̜̥̟̝̮̠̯̲͖͇̦̲̭̺ͅI̸̶̛̞̟̫̫͇̼̣̣͍͕͖̳̬̱̹̠̐̂͊ͣ̎͆̕̕ͅI̴̢̬̻̭̤̪͎̲̎̂ͧ̈́͊͛̿̒̉̀̚͞ͅI̶̷̛̪̱̭̝̞̞̩̪͉͇̣͎̳̗̍̌ͨ̍ͧ̀̏̒́̅͗̀͞ͅĮ̪͉̟̟̜̠̲̗̺̭͍̘̤̝̖̭̬̺͗̽ͣͧ̎͑͌ͮͧ̀͠͝Ǐ́͒͒̽̋ͫ̈́͗͌̓҉̵͉͕͇͖̝̠̤̟̲̕͜͠
76561197993465845,Not Recommended,247080,23911391,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Toll,"Interesting concept, but i didn't like it. Someone somewhere will though. Think of it as a music game where you have to keep the beat and think on your feet in order to not die."
,Not Recommended,247080,22055055,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,butter-catz,"This is a primitive, lame and sloppy game. It makes no sense while you are playing it and appears half baked. My thoughts while playing were ""Seriously?""."
76561198034525914,Not Recommended,247080,19908780,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Got Baking Soda? #Dicks Out,"I love this game so much - YogcastThe trailer of this game just goes to show us that this indie dev is willing to drop their standards to the corporate ♥♥♥♥♥ that is the Yogcast network on youtube.If I was paying atention and looked at that trailer I knew that this was going to be a mediocre game. When I played I was correct. Just another indie game that has a gimmick/mechanic feature in the game to keep people playing.Unfortunately if you are deaf you can play this game with the beating hearts on the screen but you also need to be aware of the action that happens on a rudimentary 1x4 block system for map movement. This is counterintuitive and any competent developer could have made a system for deaf people if they were going to want to play this screen.The story well... the intro video told me nothing. More and more games go away giving context and are hiding it in obscure places believing we are archaeologists wanting to figure this IMPORTANT stuff out... We don't want to. Japanese game design at its finest. Disagree with me go play a japanese game right now or any Japanese game in any console generation and you will find some gems that give next to no context on anything. Then write back to me if I am not wrong.Okay back to review the game is a gimmick. As I stated before indie devs base their games off little gimmick features for the majority of the time. It works for sales and it looks ORIGINAL. Some work, some don't. The main feature of this game does not work and I only had to play it for ten minutes to figure that out because I knew that it could not add much more onto that system.Last note. Developers please do not puch patch notes before the main menu of the game screen. If I am interested in knowing the changes to the game put in a menu option, which you can do but please do not put it before the menu. New players look at that and will think wtf. Before you even play a game in 2015 you  have to go through 5 - 6 screens before you got to the game. Learn to figure simple things like that out. Not hard. Also that loading screen at the start of the game is too long for a pc to load up. Do your job better."
76561198055981406,Not Recommended,247080,18445627,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,majinsteph,"I don't recommend this game if you are like me, and are looking for a game to play with your dance pad that has the feel of a dance game, but with rogue-like dungeon crawling elements.  This game is all rogue-like, with none of the physical, rhythmical feeling that comes with playing most dance pad games.  The art and music in this game are amazing, and it is a pretty fun rogue-like when I put the dance pad away and just play with my keyboard...but that's not what I bought the game for so I doubt I will be finishing it.  Playing with the dance pad makes the game much harder, and there is a dance pad mode that is supposed to make the game easier, but it still wasn't all that fun.  Before the Echo is more the kind of game I was looking for.  So if you are mostly a DDR/ITG/etc fan with not much interest in rogue-like games, don't be fooled by the images and videos of dance pads...this game is not really designed to be optimally played on one."
,Not Recommended,247080,25843486,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,marty.66,"I bought this expecting a game you could play about with while listning to your own music but the music menu is so tedious and you cant get a proper play list on, not helped by the fact that the track changes on each level and its hard to work out a proper playlist. Gameplay is passible with real time elements but its not all that"
,Not Recommended,247080,11488318,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Marneus68,"I see a lot of praise for this game, and to be honest I can see why. Hell, I enjoy the ""rhythm"" aspects a lot, the soundtrack is absolutely amazing and the tileset is decent and cute, however, it fails at being a Roguelike.Sure the dungeons, loot and encounters are randomly generated but that's the end of it. Don't be fooled by the roguelike-esque appearance, this is at heart a ""rythm"" game, with little to no emphasis on micro-management and rich possibilities during your run. Sure there are a lot of objects unlockable, but most, if not all of them don't change between the runs making their effects and efficiency predictable. Runes, magic items and spells are easily remembered. The combat mechanics are solely based on pattern memorization, which makes a lot of sense given the rhythm aspect of the game, but that gets old fast. All that is especially sad because there is a real sense of urgency created by the music and the need to do every action quickly but in a timely fashion, an element often missing in traditional Roguelikes.One of the redeemable aspect for Roguelike fanatics is the Hardcore mode which pits you against a dungeon without the interference of the unlockables, thus making the whole thing a lot harder, a bit closer to a real Roguelike experience.Bottom line I don't recommend it for Roguelike fans and that is my perspective on the game. For everyone else it's an enjoyable experience for a little while. If you manage to get past the fact that the game takes big liberties with the genre, basically doing away with most if not all its interesting aspects, it's a nice little game that won't get your attention for long but with a great soundtrack that clearly makes the experience worthwhile."
76561198020052132,Not Recommended,247080,19344454,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,emilyami,"I liked the music and the concept, but the gameplay just felt clunky and overly complicated for the sake of making a ""hard"" game."
,Not Recommended,247080,30286246,Posted: 2 March,all,KareemKubed,this game makes me lol but not in a good way
76561198025458087,Not Recommended,247080,19204611,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Mr.Slithers,Unfortunately cannot recommend this game. I purchased it based on the local co-op and full controller support options and both turned out to be not as advertized. Had to ask for a refund.
76561198010852611,Not Recommended,247080,29495135,Posted: 25 January,all,Sp0ckz0mbi3,"I really wanted to like this game as a friend bought it for me.The game makes a poor first impression by crashing if you try to change the resolution.The music is great but your character moves out of tempo to the rest of the music so you end up stopping the flow of the game a lot.I just never really got the core gameplay loop, the game constantly stops you any time you miss a beat and the beat isn't synced to the flow of the music so I constantly found my self missing every 3rd or 4th beat.The combat is terrible since its also on the beat (still out of sync to the music, mind) and is literally just moving at the enemy when that aren't looking.This game may get better but it makes such a poor first impression. I tried three seperate times but this game is clearly not for me, and I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,247080,32785148,Posted: 25 June,all,Stray,"I can see how this is appealing to some, but these controls are just too weird for me."
,Not Recommended,247080,19885637,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Aozora7,"Nope, not finding it fun"
,Not Recommended,247080,28238992,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Dr. Shrugs,Sounds better than it is.
,Not Recommended,247080,32792518,Posted: 25 June,all,SILPH,"My hatred for rhythm games is much bigger than my love for rogue-like's I guess. It's not a bad game and I can understand why people like it, even though I didn't. But it seems to be a bit overrated with its 97% positive rating. I mean even Half-Life 1 and 2 are 96% :D There is an option to play Crypt of the NecroDancer without rhythm part, but I simply can't recommend this to any classic rogue-like fan as the primary aspect of game is rhythm."
76561198009071862,Not Recommended,247080,17582785,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,DesuCat ♥,"I think you are better off just buying the soundtrack (which is just absolutely amazing) and leaving this game alone.The whole randomized levels thing isn't very well implemented. You start with the same items on every level you often end up severely lacking in some resource, be it a weapon, healing items, armour, shovel etc. It also leads to a lot of shenanigans such as: Starting off right next to the miniboss (all of which have a near global aggro range btw) and a bunch of tought to kill cronies, teleporting into 5+ mobs most likely leading to death because the monsters stepped onto the floor switch but haven't moved off the destination spot, and the ole classic ""Shopkeeper's on fire"". The whole beat gameplay thing is fun for a while, and it is, but late game enough you are better off ignoring it since you get plenty of gold without needlessly putting yourself at risk. I think it's kind hilarious that a lot of the monsters will move/attack to the beat as well, sometimes putting you in a bad spot as long as you are playing the game the way it's meant to be played. That makes it seem near discouraged. This may sounds a bit mean, but the cutscenes are quite poorly made, I would even go as far as compare them to Zelda CDI games. Of course they don't stoop to that level but the resemblance is very strong. I don't expect something insane from a 15 dollar indie game, but there are other ways of adding story content without excess animation, take the old school dialogue box scenes they used a lot in RPGs in them good ole days. Voice acting is pretty odd, I'm currently playing as the protagonist (the game does feature a variety of playable characters), female character Cadence and her voice seems to change during battle, certain spells and hits from certain attacks will cause her to sounds like a deep voiced bloke. Peace."
76561197992574468,Not Recommended,247080,24944026,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SLAVomir Peszko,"I have no idea why everyone is so positive about this game. I was also really hyped for it, but it turned out to be quite a mediocre experience for me. Why?1. This is a rythm based game and music is soooo forgetable (i know that you can play your own music, but i'm speaking about vanilla program here). I mean like, COME ON! I'm sorry Danny Baranovsky, you are an exeptional indie composer, but this isn't your magnum opus for sure.2. The game is repetetive as hell. I know it is a roguelike, and you should just die and do the♥♥♥♥♥♥again and again, and its fine. But there is just too little content in it especially comparing it to something like The Binding of Isaac (which also is a proof that Baranovsky can do musch better this in terms of music). The variety of the enemies is ok, but few bosses and weapons is waaaaay too little. You just find particular weapon as early as possible and stick to it to the end. You can also find spells and clothing, but most of it are generic stuff like fireballs and armor. Also there are permanent upgrades like health and items, but there is also very little of that (I unlocket all of it in like 3 hours ir so).3. ZZZzzzZZZ Tempo of this game is bad. First levels are slow and when you go further and further termpo of the music increases. On paper it makes sense. But ""in reality"" it means that you have to play easy, slow, first levels over and over again just to die quickly later. Almost every roguelike suffers from this in some degree, but this one especially, because music dictates your movement speed (unless you play overpowered bard).I admit, I played this game with base character for only some time, than I just finished it with Bard in 2 hours (it turns into more of a puzzle game with this character), and lack of content discoureged me from playing again. Maybe there is some more stuff, but Wiki seems to be confirming my worries.5/10"
76561198018170682,Recommended,247080,33505576,Posted: 13 July,all,AINSLEY,Bought the game agian to RATE IT GOOD AMAZING GAME!!!!!
,Not Recommended,247080,18808071,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Pixel Zed,"Awkward controls make the game feel more rushed than it has to be and it's not really at all intuitive. Press up+down to activate an item and then move in the direction of the  enemy to throw it, but make sure you don't press up and to the right or you'll trigger your one-use spell.Also, if you don't finish the entire dungeon before the ""song"" is over, too bad, you lose it all and you go to the next floor. There's no reason to explore or journy because it's all just a quest for more weapons that you're afraid to use because you might trigger something else.I dunno, even on sale, I feel like this game is a lot of hassle, bundled up in a neat idea that was executed poorly."
,Not Recommended,247080,33493994,Posted: 12 July,all,Buff Carrot top,-4/10-The game couldn't make a proper beat for initial D music♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198048512816,Not Recommended,247080,29821274,Posted: 10 February,all,Bliss,i expect to using custom music but it doesnt work.
76561198135127176,Not Recommended,247080,34720255,Posted: 3 September,all,Diego the aurin,"As soon as my computer died, I charge my computer. After I was done, I tried to re-enter the game and then it just kicks me out of the game. Please get this fixed."
76561198193739109,Not Recommended,247080,34668915,Posted: 1 September,all,Yui_Tarsis,"Absolutely awful. I didn't even get to play the damn game, it always crashes when I hit any single key. I haven't even seen the damn menu screen. I'll take my refund, thank you."
,Not Recommended,247080,33666381,Posted: 19 July,all,Apo,Meh.
,Not Recommended,247080,20413661,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,"decript homodancer is a horribly homophobic, transphobic, agephobic, islamophobic, and ok game because they unflagged my review :)"
,Recommended,247080,26868007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,M⌬rtius,Fun music rythem game.
76561198208103852,Not Recommended,247080,28866384,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Santa,"can you fix this bug, i beat stage 4 but i didn't get level editor"
,Not Recommended,247080,33490179,Posted: 12 July,all,Crooked Hillary (Trader),Don't like it but great music
,Not Recommended,247080,29975767,Posted: 16 February,all,DeadlyVixen,♥♥♥♥♥tt
,Not Recommended,247080,20101025,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ZachDaniel,Just say no.
76561198112907821,Not Recommended,247080,33555915,Posted: 15 July,all,neocontra669,Not fun at all!!
,Not Recommended,247080,18445212,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Zer🎃,"Its actually dissapointing, I wanted to enjoy this game i really did but its just not fun for me.Yeah i get the concept of the game and its cool and all but, not what i had hoped for.im refunding my game as we speak.A few things i did like about this game:The music, The music is fantastic ill give you that.The artstyle, that artstyle is amazing.and thats about it.Sorry to dissapont some of the fans but to me this game is boring, its a FANTASTIC idea but the gamplay is just not there..."
76561198041685491,Not Recommended,247080,18812074,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,insainlewey,How could such a boring game get such good reviews.
,Not Recommended,247080,18572601,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,illLoomiNate,Extremely difficult. Played for four hours with different friends and could never get past zone 1. Ridicuosly stupid hard. Even  when you turn off the move by the beat setting. I would not reccomend paying this much for it.
76561198072914360,Not Recommended,247080,29110316,Posted: 8 January,all,analfecesmuncher3,better osu has good music but no waifu
,Not Recommended,247080,18831075,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,misingleters,The hype is strong with this one.
,Not Recommended,247080,31367282,Posted: 25 April,all,Kyle,Far too much arbitrary memorization.Does this enemy move on two or three steps?Does this enemy have one health or two health?Have I shot 2 or 3 crossbow bolts?This is the stuff that a functional UI is for.  This game lacks one.
76561198094118655,Not Recommended,247080,18830168,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TreetopFlyer,Overwhelmingly positive? $15.00? I dont know man something isnt right here.
,Not Recommended,247080,18798288,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,FrozenFood,"beat detection is offentire game is♥♥♥♥♥♥if i want to press down ten times, then the game should let me."
,Not Recommended,247080,33601091,Posted: 16 July,all,True Reclaimer,"Terrible game.Its like RPG maker meets Tap Tap revolution, extremely boring"
76561197963996956,Not Recommended,247080,30947861,Posted: 4 April,all,Aasimon,Wow! So sad.
,Not Recommended,247080,16370564,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,PyramidHeadcrab,"The game advertises the ability to use your own music, but it doesn't seem to work proparly. I tried about a dozen tracks from Noiz+Zilenth, Terrorfakt, Xotox and other rhythmic noise artists, and the game doesn't seem to catch the beats properly. This could be because the heavy distortion in this kind of music screws up the software they use with the game, however. The game is a cool concept, but the inability to use the kind of music I enjoy really kills it for me. I don't like the music the game has by default, but a lot of people seem to - if your like the music in the trailer, I actually suggest buying it. If you don't, proceed with extreme caution."
76561198067854389,Not Recommended,247080,31053007,Posted: 9 April,all,XxX_JUGGA1O_4EV3R_XxX,BORING
76561198030902621,Not Recommended,247080,26400519,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mosesj,Honestly I can't really reccomend this game
,Not Recommended,247080,26707827,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Stick,"i liked it at first, i thought it was fun etc... BUT it costed 40 gigabytes ive got 40 - 49.999 gigbaytes or somethin and it brought me to 2 gigabytes! HOLY CRAP, why would a game be 40 gigabytes? (when i deleted the game i got the 40 gigs back :\)"
,Not Recommended,247080,15986908,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Jojof I'M BETTER THAN YOU,"Eh this game is mostly just a cute ribboned package of a very basic game. The game made me chuckle a few times with some of the bosses and such. And of course I liked the music&art. Out of a ten, that's where most points the game would get points from.As far as gameplay and content goes. It didn't take very long to beat it (one friend even beat it in an hour it seems). You might find replay in playing through various characters such as no gold runs or dying on missed beat runs, if that's your dig. But I don't think the few item or Weapons&Armor or ring variant is anything new or special to rave about in this short game. You're just paying for catchy music and rhythm. Content wise, you can shred through this game in very little time.Isaac;rebirth has this game beat in almost every regard but music.I think it's over-raved and 5/10 at best. Don't spend more than a few dollars on this game in my opinion.Well, feel free to thumbs me down now because I don't care much for your game."
,Not Recommended,247080,28702557,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DotNDotEXE,ZZZ...
,Not Recommended,247080,30659469,Posted: 21 March,all,Herb,another damn meme game that people meme as good even though it's pretty bad... even goat simulator is better than this
76561198010242415,Not Recommended,247080,17131452,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,The Golden Shower,Its alright. Gets boring real fast.
,Not Recommended,247080,15552263,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,MarioDragon,"edit: I forgot, don't give negative reviews to games with raging fanboys that get triggered over opposing opinionsWhile I say I don't recommend this game, I think it depends largely on the player. If you like generic roguelikes with some beat aspects... then this will be for you. If you don't like roguelikes, then you'll be like me and wonder why you thought it'd be any different than the other run of the mill 8-bit reset-all-progress-because-that's-game-design indie developments that flood Steam on a daily basis.I spent 2 hours trying to beat zone 1 and got extremely close to defeating the bosses only to die to a bat, which reminds me of Zelda 1 and activates some PTSD flashbacks to my childhood. While that's not all bad for some people, it drives me insane because I know I'll spend hours on end making no progress. You get some heart upgrades pretty quickly from the start, but I almost wish they kept the default amount and reduced monster damage because extra hearts seem to do nothing when a raging minotaur comes out of the darkness and your only escape is a spike trap.Maybe I just suck but like with Rogue Legacy, this game is a lot of fun but really starts to drain on you. There is Bard mode which lets you move around whenever you want rather than to the beat alone, but that feels like the cheap way out and I'd rather accept defeat. It's games like these that make me stick to RPGs - when I come back I know I won't have reset the last three levels, and I also know this will probably be the last roguelike I buy. Still, if you like them, you'll probably like it."
,Not Recommended,247080,15773854,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,tonichan,"Becomes repetitive and mind numbing after a few hours, but def an OK game. The written story was OK until the end. Did not want to finish the game yet again to unlock the ultimate bad♥♥♥♥♥boss. In the end, not a memorable experience. 5/10."
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,247080,14010482,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Elmberry,"The game has received high score among many people here. That's why I bought it. However it's fun the first hour or two until you discover it's highly repetive and really boring. It doesn't bring much to the table except it's a ""dancing"" game where you only need to syncronize with the music (by moving around 95% of the time). The loot you get isn't so exciting either (huge disappointment). When you from time to time try to rest because you get ""pain"" in your fingers because you are indirectly forced to move your character around so much you will get as punishment damage for standing still (except when you have done a level). In the end the game feels really frustrating to deal with because of these issues and you feel you just throw away your cash."
,Not Recommended,247080,32782987,Posted: 25 June,all,The Dude™,Too hard
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,247080,34381108,Posted: 20 August,all,Plebleb,"this piece of dogshit takes around 2 minutes to load every time you boot it up. completely unacceptable.it claims full controller support, but i find my ps4 controller doesn't work with it. i mean it kind of does, if you press the Circle or Triangle you'll go in certain directions (the directions by the way are completely random, if you press Circle, it takes you down). So I had to beat all the zones on my godforesaken keyboard, which is probably farther than most of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s downvoting me got in this game. seriously, this game is hard as ♥♥♥♥. it's also pretty unfair, zone 4 throws way too much♥♥♥♥♥♥at you and your timing has to be perfect if you want to make it to the next floor. what's the point of a roguelike game if I can't even beat it once? Also, unlike a good game like Binding of Isaac, finding actual good power ups like long/wide swords and extra damage is not easy, so most of the time you're stuck with the default piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥dagger until you find something better if you're extremely lucky.  stay away from this awful mess."
76561197968571547,Not Recommended,247080,17034622,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,cterric,Nope
,Not Recommended,247080,14149125,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,zergbong,"Not a bad game, but seemed a bit light on content. In the current state I wouldn't recommend buying it for full price, but definitely worth looking at if it's on sale or in a bundle."
,Not Recommended,247080,14706984,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"At first I loved this game and was going to give it a huge thumbs up, but I've since admitted to myself that I'm never even going to come close to beating it, no matter how hard I try. I've done my very best, and I can't even get past the second zone (4 zones in the game currently). I will never get to experience most of this game because the difficulty is just too high. I'm usually one to shy away from a great challenge, but I've taken this one on many times and failed it. I've only found an easier setting for the first zone (I've beaten the first on normal), but there is no lower difficulty for the second. I cannot progress in the game and have unlocked everything I could scrape together the gems to unlock. This game is outrageously hard and not in a good way. A challenge is fine if I can overcome it, but I can't, and I have really, really tried. Most of my playtime has been on that second zone and I'm missing out on many of the game's levels as a result. The game's premise and gameplay is awesome, but the difficulty is poorly handled. It's a charming game and everything but the difficulty is handled well, but enough is enough. I've spent something like 10-12 hours trying to finish a zone that only takes roughly 10 minutes to successfully complete. I have done my due diligence at trying to overcome this challenge, and when that happens, it's no longer the player who is failing at the game, but the game that has failed the player."
,Not Recommended,247080,33487557,Posted: 12 July,all,Clandenas,"Quite possibly one of the worst games I've ever played. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ style that ripped off the ideas from users from Kongregate, with no crediting of originality."
,Not Recommended,247080,33485859,Posted: 12 July,all,Nadir of the User Base,Feminism/5♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,247080,12167643,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Lo Zio B,"I found this game pretty boring, even if I am a huge fan of the rogue-like genre. Actually it fails at being fun, it's simply boring to me - the stages all look the same and while playing it you get the feeling that something is missing to make it complete. There's no micromanagement at all and they way it manages custom songs is burdensome and external to the game. Simply not worth of the praise it gets, maybe the only good idea resides in its concept - a roguelike rythm game. I think the team has failed up to now, good luck with the updates. Until it doesn't get better, and I am not so sure it will, don't waste 14 euros on it."
76561198027724317,Not Recommended,247080,13219342,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,dax616,Just not my type of game. 6/10
,Not Recommended,247080,12892560,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,engi,"May be fun and difficult, but I feel that this is not worth it in price and generally as the ideas and updates for this game is not interesting,"
,Not Recommended,247080,13189629,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BattleSausage,Holy overrated Batman!
76561198121558128,Not Recommended,247080,12663281,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,tafadzwamanzini,no
,Not Recommended,247080,11507772,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,soffeli,This game is terridancer
,Not Recommended,247080,11488885,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,frostyn,It's bad.
76561198235034500,Recommended,247080,19165838,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,zillazilla,"Fantastic, would dance again"
,Recommended,247080,19166134,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Cinaxis,"I would strongly recommend to those who like RPG, rogue-like  games. It's a classic dungeon crawl, but with a musical twist."
,Recommended,247080,19181710,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Probe1,I have no idea why I waited to buy this game.  It's just ridiculously fun.  It's a roguelike with rhythm.
76561198003084073,Recommended,247080,19172727,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Stevcorp,You'll Laugh. You'll Cry. You'll Dance. You'll Die.Think Zelda crossed with Dance Dance Revolution.
,Recommended,247080,19171260,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,solaia,Infuriatingly addictive. I thought the game was fun before I found the mods... now I'm going to lose weeks to this game. Fantastic game if you're in the mood for a rogue-like or rhythm game.
,Recommended,247080,11901207,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,LandMineHare,Hop stab hop hop hop mine hop hop hop hop missed die.
,Recommended,247080,11901342,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,MetalheadMike,"This is a very enjoyable game. I am very wary about picking up anything on early acess and probably wouldn't have gotten this either if a friend of mine hadn't done so first. Regardless I think almost anyone would enjoy this game. It cam be played for short burst or at lenght, the soundtrack is great, and the control is tight I never felt as though I wasn't in control despite the rythem mechanic."
,Recommended,247080,11904822,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,[TB] Konjus,I ran around stabbing minotaurs while wearing a monocle and avoiding all the gold for fear of death. 11/10.
76561198028157989,Recommended,247080,11906150,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,LuckyBastaveren,"As an avid gamer, and game producer that is nice to still find games so amazingly addictive, and difficult.I know it's still in alpha, but the pacing of the game feels too fast, especially when you get to area 2 there's too many new elements at once and it took me hours to beat enemies effectively. There's a training room in the main menu but that just feels like a 'glue-on-sollution' to me."
,Recommended,247080,11907937,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,TommyQ,Its a good game i like it i will play hours of it!
,Recommended,247080,11911910,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,@SadieStayzNeat,"This game is worth the money in early access. Danny Baranowski f'n kills it again with amazing beats. AND you can get playwith custom soundtrack. If you have ever played a roguelike and listened to music at the same time you will understand this game. it is pure good. a fundamentally satisfying idea, executed with precision and charm. ♥♥♥♥ing A+"
,Recommended,247080,11846127,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,oryx the fortuitous,Took a bit for me to get the hang of but now I can't stop playing.
,Recommended,247080,11896533,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,DreamHazard,"Necrodancer. It's a roguelike dungeon crawler. It's difficult, it's beautifully simple and it's incredibly replayable. Oh, and it's a rhythm game. I've always liked the idea of rhythm games fused with other genres, and Crypt of the Necrodancer doesn't disappoint. Oh, and the floor tiles turn into a disco dancefloor. So that's cool."
76561198045158546,Recommended,247080,11897802,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,cjboonie,fantastic game. play it in windowed mode with a tall thin window to maximise the amount of map shown on screen.  completed  zone 3.  cant wait for zone 4 :-)
76561198114388696,Recommended,247080,11898277,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Bats_bats_bats,If you think this is the kind of game you might like I really reccomend it its tottaly playable in its early access form.
76561198011846160,Recommended,247080,11936692,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Tyani,"Simple, challenging, great music. What more is there to ask for? Move to the beat, feel it in your soul. Beat things up to the beat. Listen to the beat to the beat. The beat rules us all."
76561198073452489,Recommended,247080,11552420,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Cold⚡Slug,"Great game. Great devs. If you havent bought this game yet, do it. Even if you're weary of it being in early access. There is so much to do in its current iteration. I wish i had more time to play it."
,Recommended,247080,11924845,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,qwertopopops,This is honestly one of the best games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,247080,11927056,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Cdr,One of the most original and genuinely satisfying gaming experiences of the year
,Recommended,247080,12114249,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,[S.C.P.] Furretlord87,Es good Game 10 outta 10.
76561198008534531,Recommended,247080,11970523,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,zonemagorgo,"Early review but none the less great time. I found myself bobbing my head and shaking along with the beat, Love that the shop keeper starts to sing along with the music giving me a nostalgic feeling of the opera in Final Fantasy 3 (6 in Japan). I recommend this game to anyone that enjoys roguelike and puzzle games. =)"
76561197973729767,Recommended,247080,11886039,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,[Mum] cAyou - FR,"This game is a great and fair rogue like. I really love the way they kept the idea of turn-based system (like the original rogue) but with the music, it feels completely different. I finished all 3 zones (the last one is really hard even with all unlocked), and I can't go further than zone 2 boss level on hardcore after many tries... The hardcore mode reminds me a lot BoI on the addictive part, trying and retrying again and again just to go further into the game. The leaderboards adds a reason to keep playing after a lot of time. I don't think I'll play as much as BoI but this is a great rogue like game. The soundtrack is amazing, I can't stop listening to it. Don't try the co-op mode, you're gonna regret this ;)MOAR CONTENT PLEASE !"
,Recommended,247080,11943442,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Starzfire,Greater rythem based game with adictive gameplay.Manages to blend the difficulty of a roguelight game into a rythem based combat system almost perfectly.~also the soundtrack is 10/10
,Recommended,247080,11948743,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Syhah'nyth,Imagine a mix between DDR and D&D.. now Imagine a mix between DDR and D&D that's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
76561198044435446,Recommended,247080,11960418,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Piginabag,"Unique, challenging, and really satisfying when you finally get into the groove and plow flawlessly through a floor. It's such a simple game with such a clean concept, easy to play but hard to master."
,Recommended,247080,12035711,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Harold,This game is challenging.This game is fun.The aspects of RNG keep it unique.. and every single day you can compete to become top of the daily leaderboards.The soundtrack to this game is absolutely astounding.I haven't looked back since buying it <3
76561198015156355,Recommended,247080,12031461,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Wonderboy in Monsterland,"This game is Amazing.... perfect in all ways...music , gameplay, story , features...Amazing!!Have fun its great...As a games designer myself , I hope the Designer doesnt chnge the art style too much ..its a perfect game as it isTotally fresh and new.....The art style totally suits the gameplay..its fast .furious amzing in all ways..fully recommend..GAME OF THE YEAR!!!"
,Recommended,247080,12062881,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Aphrodnut,"I. Love. This. Game. The only gripe I could possibly have, is that somtimes it will swpan you RIGHT next to the boss room when all you have is a dagger. The boss will come after you, smashing through walls to get to you. Unless your quite skilled, you will die in the first 50 beats because of the boss. They should reduce the aggro range for the bosses. Also, the red dragon is OP compaired to the other level 2 mini bosses.Other than that small gripe, I would not have guessed that this was in early access if it did not tell me. I have tried my very hardest to find a bug, but I cannot. I think that this game is well made and is well worth the price.Oh yes, take the last thing back, I think the price should be a little lower (£7 possibly?).WAIT! I forgot to mention the AMAZING soundtrack, the awesome shopkeeper vocals and the cool customisation you can make to the game by adding your own MP3's.Ok, now that realy is everything."
,Recommended,247080,11980594,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,KioneRyn,"I would recommend getting this game on merit of the music alone. But the game itself is really quite amazing too and the local co-op is a nice touch. For a game in alpha, Crypt of the Necrodancer is already worth the $15 price tag and what you get right now is only a small bit of what's to come in the future."
,Recommended,247080,11981818,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Mantis The Birb,This is so much fun! I enjoyed the game's rhythmic aspect and how complicated some enemies/bosses can be. The music is so amazing and almost sure to get you grooving.
76561198042102378,Recommended,247080,11983409,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Raven Nightsun,"This game is crazy addictive, learning the patterns of the monsters and getting used to the beat on each stage, and there other character too that add a level of challenge that the main heroine doesn't have if your feeling confident. I would die constanly on zone 3 but once I got the beat and the pattern of the enemies down i carved my threw it! I highly recomend this if you like rougelike dungeons, and wana spice it up with some rhythm as well! 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,12017855,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,WhoSpilledMaxx,"It could be a full game as it is, and it would be well worth 15$. I can`t wait to see what they add to it :D"
,Recommended,247080,12020161,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Anime Jesus,"This Game is BEAST i love it!!! just like anything else thats good in the rouge-like genre i live for the soul purpose of nothing else but to play every rouge-like game EVAH!!!Anyways,this game is a great genre mash-up of rouge and rythem and it plays so nicely!You can change the music to whatever you want in the game but, the rythem dosent really match up all that well,mainly for the first level when the beat is slower then it starts to match up nicely.I recomend this to anyone looking for a creative game thats challenging."
,Recommended,247080,12021584,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Shoogs,"Those who don't have this game, buy it... Do it now, I'm completely addicted and this game is very challenging. If you're a person who doesn't like a challenge then I'd still buy it because it's just that fun, I mean who doesn't want to play a game that goes in the beat of music. It's a Dungeon game made along with a rhythm game, and it's freaking awesome 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,12023199,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,▓▓▓▓._phrozen-.▓▓▓,"great game, worth to try. 9/10"
,Recommended,247080,12026513,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Twitch_Fox,"I like the art style in it, reminds me of NES games as a kid. The way the game works is also very amusing as you have to move in time with the beat or you lose coin multipliers so you can't buy as much from the shop on the floor and you won't move and might get hit because of your bad movement. The bard however is the one I play the most as I want to see all the levels and not having to confine myself to the beat is the easiest way by far.Hardcore mode means you get none of your buffs purchased between rounds and the daily challenges are pretty interesting and allowed only ONCE a day."
76561198020498595,Recommended,247080,11877150,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Herpes,Combines my dancing hobby seamlessly into my urge to crush my enemies and see them driven before me.
,Recommended,247080,12008399,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Kronixx,I've been tuning into the streams twice a week to watch Kevin play and all day at work I'm humming the soundtrack to myself. I've purchased bigger games with more content for far more money and enjoyed them a lot less than this game. Worth every dollar.
76561198061781397,Recommended,247080,11856381,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,RecalledJordan,This game has a very old school feel with a verty modern style of play. You can only move and attack to the beat of the music. i recommend picking this game up you won't be disappointed
76561198137087480,Recommended,247080,11860962,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Evil_panda_alert,I love this game. Its hard. Its basic. Its amazing. I love the music and i love to move to the beat and i cant wait for the whole game to come out because it will be epic.
,Recommended,247080,11862231,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Three,"If you like rhythm games, you'll REALLY like this."
76561198044035986,Recommended,247080,11876384,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Draceo,"I highly recommend thiws game, even made a review for it!http://youtu.be/tz3MpPjEv7I"
,Recommended,247080,11813680,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,[butts] mlem,"Like you, I was pretty skeptical about this one. However, it has a portly shopkeeper who sings along in a very satisfying tenor.A++, 10/10 would become addicted again (seriously though I can't recommend this hard enough)"
,Recommended,247080,12095560,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lailah,"Had Yet Another Stupid Death to King Conga.  9/10, will play more.The 9 is because if you're actually playing where the rythm matters, you have absolutely no time to think.  Of course, it's also simpler than other roguelikes (As far as I've played, which is not very far)"
76561197993277399,Recommended,247080,12099859,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Lysergic,Crypt of the NecroDancer is the bee's knees.All it takes is one game to make you hopelessly addicted.
,Recommended,247080,18243440,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,\[T]/,play this
76561198048918192,Recommended,247080,18222735,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Useless BOT,Woke uplaunched gamewent through 1-1diedtried againrage quitclosed gamethought about my deathre-launched gamedied againand againand againlaughedcried11/10 ~ best game
,Recommended,247080,12009582,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Nyssi Reyeus,"What can I say about this? This game is just too good. You can put in your own MP3 and due to the detection software this has, it can detect the beats of your music. I'm finding this seriously addicting. This game currently being in Alpha totally makes me wonder what the full version is like."
,Recommended,247080,30535129,Posted: 15 March,all,Sahuagin,"It's ok. Not as great as everyone makes it out to be, but still worth playing."
,Recommended,247080,18154276,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Blue,Dungeon crawler/ dance dance booty shaker. Gotta shake that booty to the beat.10/10would shake booty again
,Recommended,247080,18264679,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Siguza,The merchants alone make this game 10/10.
,Recommended,247080,17674638,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Hopyoprop,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is a refreshing indie game to hit the market and is defintely worth every penny spent. It is a rhythm rougue like bolstering a unique gameplay. Every enemy including you moves according to the beat of the music and the faster the music, the harder the level is. There is 4 zones for each character, each showcasing it's unique enemies with interesting attack patterns as well.Although people may say that 4 zones may be little for a game but there are multiple characters to test your skills in the 4 zones. This game looks easy but is no joke. It's a tough rhythm rougue like challenging your fast thinking and reaction time. Many characters change the gameplay such as:1. Die in a single beat, only dagger as a weapon.2. 2x Speed of music3. Jump 2 spaces instead of one all the time.4. Cannot pick up money.5. Cannot kill anything.6. Can only use bombs to attack.7. etc.It also includes a character that the developers say that is almost impossible to complete (he is extremely difficult) but one person on youtube has already. This game offers so much enjoyment and the Original Sountrack by Danny Baranowsky, A-Rival and FamilyJules7x all offer a good accompaniment. Even after you get tired of the original soundtrack, custom music from your own libraries are also supported in this game.If you are tired of the keyboard, get a dancepad and get onto your feet. This game has support for dancepads and even have official ones just for this game and if you're game for it, go get it and try!Overall, this game offers a full package and experience as an indie game and was a refreshing entry to the indie game scene and if you are looking for something unique yet really enjoyable to play, this game is for you!Would I recommend this? ABSOLUTELY YES."
76561197992668925,Recommended,247080,11481294,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,DOOD,"The game is absolutely fantastic!In the days when developers struggle to come up with interesting ideas we get a game that merges 2 genres that don't seem to work together well at all (I mean, rythmic, rogue-like game? who would have thought!). It's an achievement itself to combine such different concepts into one well-working game.Despite game being in alpha state it's already well worth the price: randomly generated dungeons, daily chalange, characters that change your playstyle and competetive side of the game will keep you playing and playing and playing and playing!I don't think I have to note that the soundtrack by Danny B. is simply fenomenal.WORTH EVERY PENNY!"
,Recommended,247080,17652865,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,ColorCrims0n,♥♥♥♥ Melody's Necrodancer battle and ♥♥♥♥ Aria10/10 worth 17$
,Recommended,247080,17661739,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,RicePrezPip,"You thought Dark Souls and Binding of Isaac were tough? Then, MAN, are you in for a challenge. This game is so goddamn amazing I can barely put it into words. On top of randomly generated fun, the game has fantastic pixel graphics, hours of replayibility and some of the best music I've ever heard anywhere, making the rhythm based gameplay 800% more fun. (Or you could just play Bard like a loser.)I find this game harder than Dark Souls & Isaac for 2 reasons. 1. Unlike Isaac it doesn't seem possible to become so OP you one shot every boss before they can even blink. 2. The game isn't as generous as Isaac is with health drops. Unless you find a drumstick or a blood weapon, you're not getting that health back.Only bad thing I have to say about this game is the lack of attack animations make some enemies difficult to read, you'll have to rely on the beats of the song (unless you're going up against those irritating goblins, which I hate). It's somewhat frustrating losing a decent run because I couldn't tell if the enemy was about to swing or not. I also consider the lack of health drops a problem, but chances are I'm just awful at the game.Buy this. Now."
,Recommended,247080,16984249,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,1up,Great Fun
76561198052702093,Recommended,247080,17032726,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Red,"Love this game so much! I like the challenge it offers, as well as how it differs from other dungeon crawlers."
,Recommended,247080,17014983,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Strei_Bullet,"If anything, buy this game just for the music. The best video game music I think I may have ever heard. The game is amazingly fun and can get down right evil with faster beats forcing you to think quick. (Deathmetal Anyone? haha)Thankfully, if you find yourself getting stuck with a certian monsters pattern, you can practice the one monster that's killing you so you can get a better handle on it when you are actually in game.Overall, buy it. Worth every last penny."
76561198120401951,Recommended,247080,17044236,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Happy.exe has stopped working,"The Second best game I have played. (Number one was Minecraft) The game is a great way to hone down on your beats, unless playing as the bard, and to get frustrated. I have thrown my mouse one time because Coral riff killed me as he was a 1/2 heart after zone 4. If you want to know what I am getting to, here is what it is.You are a girl/male/hardcore demon going through a crypt that has Frickin' music that makes your pulse go to a certain beat.What other game can you be a girl with a flower and hit a dragon, stunning it, with said flower?What other game can you be a dwarf that has INFINITE BOMBS and can kick them around?What other game can you go through story mode and have it near-impossible to be done?What other game can you create a dungon that KILLS other people with BLOCKS, CHESTS, and COAL POTS?What other game can you not finish a reveiw in time?If you find a game like this, I will hug you. :3"
76561198061901230,Recommended,247080,17045813,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,AzureBlitz,"This game... this beautiful piece of art is my favorite game to date. The music is epic, the gameplay is smooth as hell, the difficulty is perfect, I mean, what more do you want me to say. Play this game and see for yourselves!"
,Recommended,247080,17014540,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,JakeTheRipper,"you would would think a dungeon crawler/rythem game wouldn't work, but does work. It's like when you make a sandwitch with some random ingredients that your sure shouldn't taste good together, then when you take a bite your like ""OH MY GOD! THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER!"""
,Recommended,247080,17026560,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Pintex,Very original and creative rogue-like. It's a rhythm turn-based game with an awesome soundtrack that everyone should check it out!10/10
,Recommended,247080,16969767,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Satherian,"Fantastic Music, which is good, because you'll be listening to it....A LOT"
,Recommended,247080,16970231,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Doctor Dome,"Combines two unexpected genres to make a new, great game with a great soundtrack and gameplay to back it up."
76561198057124431,Recommended,247080,16970946,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[D◊sk] Splendorman,"Absolutely phenomenal rhythm game that blends rogue-like mechanics with an upgrading system that, combined with the fantastic soundtrack, make a great addition to anyones library. Very difficult, especially with later characters that carry certain restrictions. The game can be very rewarding once you get the hang of the gameplay, but until then you're bound to rage-quit every now and then. Got this game on sale, but even at full price I feel it would have been worth it."
,Recommended,247080,19259850,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Mr. Amazing,The music is amazing.
76561198049195746,Recommended,247080,19260946,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,ugoneandonly,The timing takes a little getting used to but it's a solid entry into the rogue like genre. Hours of entertainment so far.
,Recommended,247080,19246041,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Vicious Beast,"This game is great. The monster designs and limited time combine to make for very challenging but ultimately masterable combats, while the random loot ensures that you can get good gear every time without it being always the same gear."
,Recommended,247080,19239843,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gorrglash,"Put on your shoes, it's time to boogie!"
,Recommended,247080,19405547,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,runescape friend,its disco zelda
76561198006280262,Recommended,247080,19418498,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zarnoth,Hilpeä tanssahtelu =)
76561198143395290,Recommended,247080,19465356,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,DrPepperNot,"It's bot difficult and clever (at least for me :P). A great game that anyone should experience, either for the gameplay, the music, the beautiful pixel art or the excellent challenge."
76561198120363173,Recommended,247080,19466359,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Ratman01,love it!!!!
,Recommended,247080,19460560,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,mun910(makemac)™,this game from beta from now it good the dev's try yo make so you can learn how to play it and make it hard or soft and pluse with your music or defalt music to make it easy or hard i love thati rate it: 10/8
,Recommended,247080,19528220,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,brhoge,You dance and defeat monsters by dancing.  So yeah pretty fun.
,Recommended,247080,30031467,Posted: 19 February,all,David,★★★★☆
,Recommended,247080,30624250,Posted: 19 March,all,dorktaped,If you have ever even kind of enjoyed a rhythm game before you're going to love this. I've gotten all of the current available items but I have yet to even unlock all of the characters. There's so much to do in this game that I never really feel bored or directionless.
76561198137098370,Recommended,247080,19198696,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,DomTheBomb,"This game is so satisfying to play. Be warned though: if you are not rythmically coordinated, you will get very frustrated!"
,Recommended,247080,19299908,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Amanda,"Fun game, bought it because of FamilyJules7x, and his version of the soundtrack is awesome. The game itself is pretty hard but it's fun. Haven't seen a game like this before."
76561198092616133,Recommended,247080,19298588,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Windscare,"Great, great game. This is one of those kind of games that actually brought me into a new genre, It is because of this game that I actually like rougelikes. The gameplay is fast paced and the music is great, highly recomended for anyone interested."
76561197991270784,Recommended,247080,19300808,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Lawltack,After just 2 hours of play I've already absolutely decided this game is worth more than the price I bought it for. So incredibly rewarding to slaughter a room full of monsters perfectly on beat. 5/5
76561198262609268,Recommended,247080,19332058,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lolums,Excellent. Simply excellent.
76561198006022819,Recommended,247080,19326919,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,CentralAmericanRiverTurtle(CART,Best game ever. I wish I was playing it right now instead of writing this terrible review
,Recommended,247080,19313544,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,A Silver Falcon,Amazing game! Does not require dance pad to be fun!
,Recommended,247080,19306174,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Sayaka Miki,goty of the year
76561198243609778,Recommended,247080,19416350,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,123,Best arcade style game on steam.
76561198002496944,Recommended,247080,19531574,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,The Sad Batman,"This game is just amazing.I havent played alot of this game but i look forward to countless hours of amazing gameplay.Beautiful art, amazing music, what more can you ask for420/10BUY THIS GAMEIT WILL BE THE BEST DECISION OF YOUR LIFE!"
,Recommended,247080,13166199,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,I am not the rhythm master.
,Recommended,247080,13167316,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,A certain magical birb,I played this game till my hand cramped.10/10 will do it again.
76561198009436131,Recommended,247080,13026293,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,KunKun-kun,"Amazing game, already worth the price and it's still in alpha, easy to play in most situations as you can leave a level at any time and it requires literally just the arrow keys to play, also allows a variety of people to play thanks to the bard class, changing it from a rythm/strategy game to a strategy game.You'd think that the game was finished, i havn't seen a single bug, and the only pointers that it's still in development is that some of the rooms, characters, and a level has yet to be put into the game, however hardcore mode and 3 different characters allows hours upon hours of fun in itself. :D"
,Recommended,247080,13029022,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,phrozenglow,At first this game was quite a challenge. With such a different style of gameplay it took some getting used to. The challenge of the gameplay encouraged me to keep playing and have definitely had loads of fun with this game. Def worth the investment.
76561198019057519,Recommended,247080,13029843,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,TanguyLOZ,"A really unique game which combines rythm and roguelike. A very catchy music and nice sprites. You unlock more stuff with diamonds and that adds a lot of variety. Still in progress but great support from the devs.If you don't buy it in Early Access, look at it again when it will be fully released.Be warned that rythm is really at the core of the gameplay here you move regularly to the sound of the beat so it was quite easy to get used to.And don't be afraid of failing, it is only punishing in the hardcore mode.Have fun !"
,Recommended,247080,13172893,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Pointy Ear Eater,As a rythm based rogue-like I wasn't expecting much. Then I played it and I believe it is my new favorite rogue-like game.
,Recommended,247080,13175969,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,phen⏣l,"When I first heard of Crypt of the NecroDancer, I immediately dismissed it because I figured a roguelike rhythm game would never be able to satisfactorily be both.  I was very, very wrong.This game is one of the best roguelikes and one of the best rhythm games I've ever played.  As expected, there's a huge amount of depth and complexity to the game, and the procedural generation and breadth of items in the game mean that it really scratches that roguelike itch.  But it's also an equally compelling rhythm game -- the music is superb, the mechanics are top-notch, and it's amazing when you can finally feel the beat and handle each enemy with your eyes closed.Also, if you're squeamish because it's Early Access, worry not -- there are very regular updates (both bugfixing and content), the game is playable, stable, and very fun in its current state, and the dev team itself is very responsive."
76561198136081302,Recommended,247080,13176712,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SbeaBeta,"I like this game a lot the music so cool,the way to figth what are u waiting for buy it."
,Recommended,247080,13092415,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,milambit,"Finally completed (alpha) hardcore mode with Cadence. I started as a total novice to rhythm games and a seasoned consumer of dungeon crawlers. Crypt was punishing for me at first (still is!) but it didn't take long for it to become an enjoyable experience. The environments and enemies are excellent, as is the soundtrack (that goes without saying, coming from Danny Baranowsky!) I'm 25 hours in, and the game still feels new. Brilliant work by Brace Yourself Games :-)."
76561198014858644,Recommended,247080,13127786,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Isaya Ragnes,This game is absolutly brilliant! The idea is crazy but it worked exellent! Great fusion of rhythm based game and roguelike rpg.
,Recommended,247080,13128121,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Marc,BEST GAME IN AGES!
76561197970496311,Recommended,247080,13131246,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,CapnARRR,"If you like rhythm games and you like dungeon crawlers, this is a no brainer.  Buy it!  Tons of replay value, good music, very complete for what it is."
76561197992978408,Recommended,247080,13131334,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Furiml,"Game sells a full controler support, but I can't get mine to work with. Disapointing.Nevertheless, this game is pure fun to play in both solo and local co-op mode... What a nice soundtrack !"
,Recommended,247080,13131575,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,seeq,Dungeons of Dreadmore meets Bit.Trip Runner in this dungeon crawling game with a heart beat. It may be early access but this game is completely playable with lots of features already. Definately worth the money.
,Recommended,247080,13522015,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Joy Of PESI,"I was honestly hesitant to buy this game. I'm extremely glad I got it, it is incredibly fun and addictive.& the Custom music option is great! Nothing feels better than destroying monsters to the tune of ""Don't Stop Me Now"".My only gripe would be the system in which you select your custom music, you can make playlists but I'm not sure how to access them.Otherwise this game is amazing and I can't wait to see where it goes."
76561197996926554,Recommended,247080,12817675,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,hamdium,The absolutely best roguelike/rythm crossover game I have ever played.Highly recommended
,Recommended,247080,13474616,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Variance,"This game is simply lovely. The music is hauntingly catchy, the graphic style is  perfect for the genre, and the play control is solid.The whole game takes some simple concepts and weaves them in to a hybrid game that offers hours of enjoyment.You are descending a dungeon, collecting items and slaying monsters along the way. The catch is, you're doing this to the rhythm of the dungeon.  Learning how each monster moves and attacks is simple enough - however making the right movement choices while you're under the threat of missing a beat is not always so easy.  This keeps the game fast paced and engaging.True to roguelike form, the game has tons of little things that keep it interesting, spells, items, secret shops etc. allowing for many viable strategies for your dungeon delve. Once you master the game, you can unlock more characters to play as, each one with a unique attribute that will change how you play the game. I'm sure I will continue to play this for well over 100 hours. Easily one of my best purchases on Steam, bang for buck.The developer updates have been constant and excellent. So no fear of this getting abandoned anytime soon."
,Recommended,247080,13530629,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vaporomir,"If you are looking for a roguelike game this is a good contender. While it is still in Alpha and it is generally not a good idea to buy an incomplete game this is an exception. The music score is wonderful and the gameplay is solid. Learning to move to the beat of the game can take some getting used to but once you get the hang of it, it will become second nature. I am looking forward to when this game is complete."
,Recommended,247080,11799957,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,DualWieldingBucklers,"10/10We can dance if we want toWe can leave your friends behind'Cause your friends don't dance and if they don't danceWell, they're no friends of mineSUGGESTED TRACKSJump Around by House of PainFinal Countdown by Europe (last level)"
,Recommended,247080,11802395,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,NOPper,"The music will haunt me for days. As a roguelike, super tight and fun. As a rhythm game, super tight and fun. If the move/fight on the beat thing isn't your style, there's an extra class unlocked from the start that lets you move whenever you want, and the monsters only move when you do.10/10, would dance again."
76561197960988751,Recommended,247080,12192979,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Jarmustard,One of the few games I was willing to check out before its official release and I don't regret it in the least.  Amazingly simple and straightforward design which continues to excite and challenge me.  I'm looking forward to the release strongly.
,Recommended,247080,12167236,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,EMH95,"A mix between 2 of my favourite genres, Music and Roguelike. It's a rhythm dungeon crawler. The player, which is you, is set out on a musical adventure to kill dancing minions. It's a party of blood, dancing and just fun overall. I highly recommend."
76561197989706028,Recommended,247080,12168834,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,ComradPhil-X,this game is awesome and genius the music is perfect i cant wait to see the full content when its gonna be full release
,Recommended,247080,12190998,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,KRSURC,"This might be one of the weirdest games I have played yet. Comes with a great soundtrack! Even though it is still not fully finished, it already feels a lot like it - can't wait for more updates!"
76561198012787863,Recommended,247080,12191245,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,mmmd,"Well, the pun of the name and the promise of roguelike drew me in.At first i rage quit a couple of time, when I messed up the rythmic jumping and got killed by the weakest of monsters. But still there was something, that didn't let go of me. After I got over the initial frustration, I believe now, that the rhythmic gameplay adds just the right amount of aditional difficulty to make the fighting mechanics interesting and really satisfying. The bard character (free movement) shows that the urgency of never missing a beat is needed to make the game the interesting little roguelike it is.It's a great fun for people who like roguelikes with a high death rate and intersting old-school gameplay. The feeling reminds me of the old nintendo NES/gameboy classics but with a unique twist."
,Recommended,247080,12177670,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,burdobear,Surprisingly addicting although repetitive. Music is brilliant.
,Recommended,247080,12182348,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ankyria,"Blobs, traps, and Rock n Roll!"
76561198125182105,Recommended,247080,12047093,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Myvatn,"This game is one of the few games I think has amazed me on all levels.The ingenuity behind the game design is enormous!PROS:Amazing sound trackFun game playIt is not neccesary to get upgrades, as you could beat the game with base equipsVery little bugsCustom music abilityCons?small amount of content currently, otherwise this game is amazing9.25/10"
,Recommended,247080,12047734,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Fezzes,Binding of isaac meets classic roguelikes in infernal disco dungeon...What more can you ask from life?
76561198056809189,Recommended,247080,12048183,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Sir Cowabunga of Clubs,"This game is great, the mix between a rythm game and old adventure game is somthing like I've never played before, I would recommend anyone who hasn't tried this game do so now."
,Recommended,247080,17690814,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Morty Bot,Crypt of the Rhythmically Challenged.
,Recommended,247080,17714795,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Amsice,If the title alone isn't enough to make you buy this game I think you are beyond saving
76561198048128022,Recommended,247080,17716166,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,cozy,"best rougelike ive ever played for too many reasons to list. buy it, the devs are awesome and listen to feedback and give us stuff we didnt even know we wanted. amazing, 11/10 with pepperoni"
,Recommended,247080,17716281,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,TEN TOES DOWN,Learn how to dragon dance = Win11/10 would dance again
,Recommended,247080,17726189,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Joowaba,One of the best rogue-like games I have ever played. Danny Baranowsky is a genius when it comes to music and I look forward to buying the sound track
76561198114748054,Recommended,247080,17732223,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Samurai Jack,"Great game, skeptical at first, but when i played it I was amazed by it."
76561198003384039,Recommended,247080,17740874,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Confetti,"When my brother first explained the concept of this game, I was skeptical. ""A game like that would not only have to have tight and simple controls, but an amazing soundtrack,"" I thought. Well, rest assured this game has both.If you like a challenging musical experience, this is the game for you. I've sunk many hours into it and I've yet to beat it, but every failure I have I know is my fault, and I can adjust myself accordingly. It's similar to Dark Souls in that regard.""10/10, would kill sassy skeletons again."""
76561198032287370,Recommended,247080,17748291,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,NerfedFalcon,"If you only have one roguelike in your Steam library, make it this one. Leaving nothing but the level generation up to chance, it all depends on your skill, and you will feel yourself improving in leaps and bounds as you play. With an excellent soundtrack and aesthetic to boot, there's no reason not to play this."
,Recommended,247080,17652002,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Raven,One of the few games I love while I suck at them.
,Recommended,247080,17837843,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Studdie,"This isn't an average Dungeon RPG game... Thing. It's more than that.Take DDR, Rhythm games, Fast paced actoin and RPG into a blender and you more than likely get this game.First I was just playing the game but then it turned into me actually getting into the beat and just stomping to it. I couldn't control myself.Now this game wants me to go and play DDR. 10 Outtah 10."
76561198085339554,Recommended,247080,17537050,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lucifer x Aligator,my game crasht every time and now i cant even start it and i hope that this is changing the next days
76561198050183345,Recommended,247080,17548492,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,shadowstorm88,"Really fun game, need good rhythm though"
76561197989740730,Recommended,247080,17858098,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,OWLS,"Rhythm roguelike.  The game is essentially a turn-based roguelike where every beat of the music is a turn.  You and your enemies can only take action on the beats of the music.  There are a variety of weapons that all function differently and enemies all follow certain patterns to the beat.  As you would expect of a game that relies on rhythm, the soundtrack is great.  You can also play the game to your own music if you prefer.  There are multiple characters that play differently or offer up different challenges.  There are seeded runs and daily challenge runs with leaderboards.  This is a great game for anyone that likes roguelikes."
,Recommended,247080,30520482,Posted: 14 March,all,glasnerven,"Short version: this game is really fun (but hard!) and has no obvious flaws.Longer version: I like everything about this game. The music is great--I know I could replace it with my own music, but why would I want to? The pixel art is perfect. The gameplay is simple, clean, and sharp. You want replay value? The characters all play similar enough to draw on your previous experience, yet differently enough to keep it fresh. You can even do couch co-op!The difficulty level could be a little daunting, maybe, but through my many, many deaths I always felt like it was fair, and like the game wasn't punishing me, but challenging me to meet my potential.If the idea of a rhythm/roguelike mashup sounds like it could be fun if it were done well, you should get this game, because it's done VERY well."
76561198119493564,Recommended,247080,18118822,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Interneteir,This games awsome i never heard such good music in all mmy you tube music viewing history yes and i think the coral Riff looks the best to me
,Recommended,247080,18136310,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,LittleMissKitty122,"I freaking love this game. I actually did a victory run and yell when I beat zone 1 and death metal!~My arsenal for that was the sheild, a apple/chicken of the two, the flying boots, the blood broad sword, a metal chestplate and the spelunky helmet!:3"
76561198061743014,Recommended,247080,18140041,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mugiwara,"Great Game, Good story. If you like rhythm games this would be great."
76561198030776098,Recommended,247080,18145772,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,JF,"Picture yourself playing chess in real time following a disco beat:  beat - decision, beat -decision, beat - decision, beat - Argh!  Stupid Bishop!Now, randomize the board and the moves, add upgrades and timed exploration, unlockables characters changing the gameplay, fantastic bosses fights and what you have is a wonderfully designed game with a lot of replay value.It's brainy and fun at the same time, and the soundtrack is fantastic.  Beats the hell out of many AAA games for the fun factor and addictive gameplay.  Also, the runs are not that long, so it's perfect for the 10-20 minutes itch.And the feeling, ah the feeling when everyting falls into place and you just, for a few minutes, get it right and mow trough a level not missing a step!  It's like entering a trance on the dance floor while playing a perfect game of go in your head.  Who knew those two feelings could even be mixed?My GOTY for sure, and I really suck at rhythm games.  Yeah, I'm that guy going home when people starts to play Rock Band in partys.  I still love this game nonetheless.The game also runs A+ on my Linux box.10/10, would dance with death again, and again, and again...TL:DR : Buy it.  Seriously."
,Recommended,247080,20109337,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Loading...,The best music game I have ever played. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,20117021,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Pulviriza,"This game is a steal at $5. Fantastic beats, and great gameplay that keeps you hooked, looking for that perfect run, a definition which changes as you play it, from 'beat this zone,' to 'beat all zones,' 'beat this character,' and then maximising your speed/score for all the characters."
76561198015119235,Recommended,247080,20163235,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,EmperorKing,"An incredible game that takes the concept of rhythm and applies it to a simple top-down roguelike. The music never gets boring, as it changes every stage, the items make it different every run and it is FUN! Highly recommend to everyone to try."
76561197993835236,Recommended,247080,20163329,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Br!gs,Drop the beat!
,Recommended,247080,20182411,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,cjd,So it turns out I have no sense of rhythm. The game however is fun regardless.
,Recommended,247080,20187109,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,smb,"Spelunky + roguelike. It´s really hard, but ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!"
76561198104158965,Recommended,247080,20187128,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Fishing Guru,"An amazing soundtrack that comes with a great game!CotND is a rogue like game in the same sense that enemies act when you act, or to be more precise when the music beats. The entire game is based around the background music and moving to the beat, fighting to the beat and digging to the beat!The thing that makes this work so well is obviously the soundtrack, a lot of games have great music but to have one that fits into the gameplay so well and also be so good to listen to probably makes this game have one of if not the best game soundtrack out there.The game has 2 currencies, one to buy items from a shop Spelunky style and one that is diamonds to spend in the lobby which can be used to buy permanent unlocks and upgrades.Game also has dailies for the competitive!Overall fantastic game and a must own for anyone who loves rogue like games, simpy one of the best."
,Recommended,247080,20232252,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Brispir,"You wouldn't think so by looking at it, but this game will draw you in with its challenge, gameplay, and most of all the music. The music WILL get stuck in your head and will sometimes make you come back to the game just to hear the music again. This is not your typical dungeon crawler though. The game adds a challenge by only allowing your character to move with the rhythm (with the main character at least), so it's not just manipulating a dungeon crawl, but doing it with rhythm. I have still yet to beat this game, and have died many many times but I still keep coming back. I come back to see if I can get any farther, to unlock items to appear later, and to hear the music also. If you like a good challenging dungeon crawl and have a rhythm at all, definitely give this one a go."
76561198130359399,Recommended,247080,20213032,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,literaturaru,"Recommend that game to music lovers, soundtrack is awesome."
76561197981705369,Recommended,247080,20222095,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Slasher Lash,"This is a game where you hop around a dungeon, killing monsters and collecting treasures. Sounds pretty standard so far. Until you throw in the mechanic of timing your actions, hops, and stabs, to a thumping soundtrack composed by DannyB (Super Meat Boy, Binding of Isaac). An excellent twist on an old classic."
76561198034458976,Recommended,247080,20206103,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bacon Bicycle,"Such an innovative and awesome game style. Too bad for me I have horrible rhythm. None the less, this was an awesome game even though I couldn't get past the first level."
,Recommended,247080,20203143,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Beanz,"If you're into rouge-like/lites, this is a must in your library!"
,Recommended,247080,20155573,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MeGaBooM,Awesome soundtrack
,Recommended,247080,20172657,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Trippy,"Absolutely loving this so far. Metal soundtrack found a way for me to love the game even more. Then, custom songs? Where has this been? Perhaps in a dungeon?"
76561197997567281,Recommended,247080,20192747,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,covfefe,"Great game, endless replayability and awesome soundtrack. The concept implementation of rythm based gameplay is very well executed."
,Recommended,247080,20201714,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Riceball,Gotta think fast!too fast
,Recommended,247080,20200556,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Soren24,Crypt of the Necromancer is probably one of the most brilliant titles I've had the chance to play in a long time. Not only is it a unique take on the classic dungeon crawler but trying to kill things while keeping a steady beat makes it a real challenge! If you like good beats with a solid helping of kill all the things then I highy suggest checking it out.
,Recommended,247080,20160098,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mb/s,good
76561198039521161,Recommended,247080,20169311,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,necroprancer,"I've spent too much time grooving with skeletons,And I can't beat the final part of the game either.10/10 still can't git gud"
,Recommended,247080,20051950,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,professorG,Oh my god you gotta do this. It's a basic dungeon-crawler game that has only four buttons and limits your movement but somehow is more fun and challenging than most games in the universe. You're guaranteed to spend a century of your life trying to beat this thing so it's a pretty safe buy. Plus you can even input your own music to dance-fight along to!
,Recommended,247080,17069659,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Chess Piece Face,"This game is simply amazing. Losing does not feel like a punishment; you can always learn from a loss. The rhythm isn't so fast that i would lose track of my actions, like I do in a lot of fast-paced games. And the music is gorgeous. The monster designs are also outstanding. The roguelike elements are really well executed, and you have to think on your feet about which equipment to grab -- but not TOO fast."
,Recommended,247080,13756432,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,scoob,Crypt of the Necrodancer in a new for of rogelikes / rogeletts / whaterver you call em.The music is amazing and syncs up very well with the beat barMusic 10/10The gameplay is exeptionally special because of its tactic of makeing you move at certian times of the beat.Congatulations of getting out of ealry acces Necrodancer!!!Gameplay 9/10I personally love retro graphics so this is amazing for me10/10My overall rating of game is a comeplate 10/10Buy. This. Game. Now. . . . Please?
,Recommended,247080,17085333,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,CheeseBurgerHelper,"A unique rhythm-based dungeon crawling roguelike with toms of replayability. 10+ playable characters with their own unique abilities and traits, and interesting items combined with an amazing soundtrack that will have you moving to the beat in no time!"
76561198013088993,Recommended,247080,17266563,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Ragz,"With an interesting premise (rogue-like meets rhythm game) and a simple control scheme of just the 4 arrow keys, Crypt of the Necrodancer needs little in the way of showing new players the ropes before swiftly and repeatedly kicking the everloving crap out of them."
,Recommended,247080,17107460,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,KuroFlowey,A good change of retro pace with rhythm added to dungeon crawling.
,Recommended,247080,17109637,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,err0rz,"roguelike rhythm actuion dungeon crawler.unique, content-rich, challenging.not enough games can boast the level of depth and diversity that this can, more content than you can hope to complete (unless you are a game-wizzard)its quirky, exciting, frustrating and about as close to perfect as a game can get.best part, its been ""ready"" since about half way through ALPHA but just kept gropwing with more and more content, never stopped getting better and yet they STILL didn't stop work. this is Early Acess done RIGHT and its a crying shame more developers don't follow this lead.10/10, would dance again."
76561198071854424,Recommended,247080,17113488,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Hyper_Dan,This game has more content than most of the AAA games nowdays.
,Recommended,247080,17254085,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,KrisAguero,"Amazing game! Go buy it right now and have some fun. Don't forget to tap your foot to the beat, it really helps."
76561198091449262,Recommended,247080,17167208,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hexetera,"The best Rhythm game i've ever played.I tried using some custom music, but I've fallen in love with the original soundtrack that i can't help but going with the default music."
,Recommended,247080,17193153,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Andromeda Wolf,This is a game that will simultaneously (sp?) infuriate and infatiuate. Loads of fun and love the fact you are able to use your own music!
,Recommended,247080,17198352,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,KlandoX,best rythm game I have ever played
76561198092126835,Recommended,247080,17199220,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Greatzilla,"This game is a rhythm rouge-like. If that genre name itself doesn't entice you enough to buy this game, I don't know what will."
,Recommended,247080,17275084,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Atrele-Kitty,There is only one thing I can say about this game.BUY IT. BUY IT NOW.
,Recommended,247080,16581653,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,tiny saviour,"this is probably my favourite game of all time, and i've played a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of games.there is almost nothing bad i can say about it, all the bad stuff people have said about it are either good things in my eyes (such as the high difficulty) or intended by the devs.however i will focus on the negatives because when i'm deciding whether or not to buy a game, i look at the bad things people have said about it to see if there's enough to put me off playing it.on all-zones mode it's a bit of a pain to have to play through the earlier zones, which by the time i've played a character a lot, i will find quite easy and slow, to get to the later zones where i'm far more likely to die.i wish there were more characters. my favourites are melody, cadence, dove and bolt, with bolt probably being my overall single favourite. this is because i think she is about the right difficulty AND she has access to all the weapons in the game, which imo is a lot of the fun of playing it. a lot of the characters such as eli, coda and most notably, aria can't do this and i think it takes away from the game a bit. the reason i said aria is most notable is because the difference in challenge between her and the next easiest character (which is up for debate imo) is immense. aria is just so ♥♥♥♥ing difficult compared to everyone else, and isn't really THAT enjoyable imo, unlike before when i found even cadence difficult but still enjoyed playing.but i mean those are very minor gripes, crypt is just an incredible game.if i were to get into the positives, this review would be about 1000x as long as it is, read other people's reviews if you want to know that♥♥♥♥♥♥i IMPLORE you to buy this game so the devs will make more!!"
,Recommended,247080,16591369,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,♡Heart♡,Rythym and rouge-like dungeon crawiling are two things I didn't think would blend together so well! This game is definately worth the buy!
76561198111288577,Recommended,247080,16722733,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Praefervidus,"One of the best games I've ever played that combines my two favorite and previously thought to be too different generes of games - Roguelikes and Guitar Hero. Splendid designing in both graphics and logistics such that it's very fun to play. It can be rather difficult at times, but it's so fun that you won't care how many times you die. Music is lovely and wonderful! I don't think there are many games that can compete in soundtrack. Each monster, trap, level, etc. is so wonderfully thought through that doesn't get old. In fact, not only is the game's background music wonderful, but the game design itself has a beautiful melody of its own. The controls are easy to learn, so you won't have to go pouring through manuals and walkthroughs to figure out how to play, yet it still presents many aspects of Roguelikes - such as having no idea what each item does.One of my favorite games is Dark Souls, but I'm always so afraid of what's coming up next that I often just quit and don't go on (I know I am a wuss....) but this game, even though there are many bizarre and startling monsters, you aren't afraid to try and test your skills against them. The game has a perfect balance between being challenging yet not discouraging.Last but not least - you can play with your friend on the same computer! It's so easy to set-up and fun to do. The multiplayer style was rather ingeniusly put together as well. I can enjoy the game with friends and family (and not just on the computer, but I can hook up my PC to the TV with HDMI along with USB dance-pads and actually groove along with Cadence in the game).Most games I play always have at least one little tidbit that makes it just a little annoying, but I have to honestly admit this one has none."
76561197972602424,Recommended,247080,16724808,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Jarick Storm,Where has this game been all my life!
,Recommended,247080,17439376,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,beetjuice,"old school vibes and excellent gameplay, what more can you ask for"
76561198112570095,Recommended,247080,17445241,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,mich101mich,Awesome game with an interesting concept that I habe never seen bevore.The gameplay is really fun and challenging and the soundtrack is just epic!
,Recommended,247080,12851989,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Meth or Mexico,"One of the few ""early access"" games I'd really recommend.Ingame music is good enough, still, it can be customized.9/10 (alpha stage){Post-release Review}Zone 4 is not as interesting as I expected it to be. Most enemies in zone 4 gets......quirky, but still predictable.In game music rocks.Still worth the money."
76561197963921333,Recommended,247080,17428266,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,pacman,I bought a dancepad specifically for this game. What more can I say.
76561198052593688,Recommended,247080,17383377,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Aguss Dt,"great music, great graphics, great gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,17386003,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,WimpGrump,+kudos for having PS4 controller support
,Recommended,247080,17388864,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,King Stink,"This game makes me angry but I keep playing it, the music is fantastic, Danny B never disapoints, Its darn good"
,Recommended,247080,17393028,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Goatcheese,One of the best games ever made.
76561198044919598,Recommended,247080,17340239,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Delta_5-1,"You're reading these reviewes to see if you should buy it. YOU SHOULD. Go back to the top now. You will love this game and never look back. I have played every type of game under the sun, and this is easily on my top 10 of all time, right up the with Grim Fandango, Descent Freespace, and Ghost Recon."
76561198038932473,Recommended,247080,17347153,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Crystalbeard,"While a Roguelike and Rhythm game seems an odd mix, this game delivers fun and frustration (which is also mostly fun.)  Don't expect to win right away, though; it takes practice to get into the groove.  The game is also very friendly in providing several means to get such practice.  Want to perfect dragon-slaying with a little dagger?  You can learn the dance in the main lobby.This game and its entrancing soundtrack are my go-to title for me to feel 'flow', that feeling when you're 'in the zone', and it's satisfying to dance through levels without taking a scratch.Keep practicing, though, higher difficulty characters and modes require near-to-total perfection."
,Recommended,247080,17356005,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,[ADHC] Cyber Sheppie,"What is there to say that hasn't been said already? Fantastic Soundtrack, amazing gameplay mechanics and a ton of fun to play, all in an amazing mix of bliss. I don't care that it's ****ing hard. It's still awesome."
,Recommended,247080,15605138,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,DancingThing,Love the game would recomend it to anyone
,Recommended,247080,17363262,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,PigeonsrFlying,This game really interests those who feel like following the rhythm of a song and enjoying a game at the same time. I'm definitely buying a dancing pad to enjoy!
76561198115779454,Recommended,247080,18901694,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,JavaSuave,I literally just play this to listen to the music. SO. F*CKING. GOOD.
76561198007531942,Recommended,247080,18903707,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Theshadow5,"* great music.* lots of enemy, item and environment variety,* very challenging, but every enemy's pattern can be learned. the game offers a ""train against monsters"" mode which is great (only reason I ever managed to understand the red dragon's pattern).* the ""runs"" system is great for people short on time.there are some cons to the game, but not serious.Not sure if worth the 15$ price, but there are occasional deals which are definitely worth going for.all in all, about 8.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,247080,18903995,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Spookoro,"Try to kill enemies and bosses to the beat, and DDR til you ♥♥♥♥in' die. Really fun, and all the bosses and enemies are really cool and well designed. It's also well paced, because it's not too challenging or difficult, but it's definitely not something you can run through. It's a good mix of something you can spend a long time on, and something you can pick up and play for 10 minutes. Also, the strongest enemies are the least threatening ones."
,Recommended,247080,30594512,Posted: 18 March,all,Zen,I don't want to smash my keyboard at all.
76561198025095295,Recommended,247080,18917878,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The_Great_Skeptical,Great music and feel to the game that keeps making me play more despite some awkward controls.  Also it keeps crashing at random points.  But I still keep coming back to it.
,Recommended,247080,16286436,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Galbutorix,"Never thought a shopkeeper could be harder than all the bosses in the game, and have the best music.10/10"
76561198037508902,Recommended,247080,16400980,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,devine_28,yeah this game is great
,Recommended,247080,16401503,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,PsySneks,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a dance them up. As in you move to the beat of the music, ANY music. But you might not change it from the Great sound tracks it already has.so lets get this list of why you should get this made.-GREAT music-Challenging bosses-you WILL die... repetitively-every time you die you can get new items that spawn in levels-Every mistake you make will haunt you-you can hook up a dance pad and go DDR on them mobs-characters have new play styles-DUEL DANCE PAD COOP, or keyboard/controller if you want-WRECK FEST-daily challenges keep you coming back-MODS-workshop stuffOf course there are flaws like all games, but im too busy busting zombies with mad beats."
76561198054577490,Recommended,247080,16402740,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,KaracaSoft,"I am a huge fan of rhythm/music games. Tried a lot of rhythm games and in most of them, you don't need to think. You have to do whatever the game says in the specific time. If you do it, you win, if not, you lose. This game is really different by making you think while following the rhythm. It doesn't give you specific buttons to press when the time comes.Mastering it requires you to explore the game and create strategies to defeat different enemies with rhythm. (Or maybe look for a guide :V)Haven't tried putting custom music in the game. Didn't need it yet. (The soundtrack is great. :))"
,Recommended,247080,16402855,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Nozoming,Hella fun game. Have screamed multiple times whilst playing it. Love it a ♥♥♥♥♥on. 10/10 Play again.
76561198052015986,Recommended,247080,16403416,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TabJones,"If you find yourself whistling this game music on your way to work, then you have a problem!10/10I would whistle again"
,Recommended,247080,16403762,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,NRider_J,This game is a great mashup of 2 very different genres. Personally I would have never played a rogue like game if it was not for the rythm part and now I'm in love with the concept. And GOOD LORD that soundtrack is amazing!!
76561198024977156,Recommended,247080,16404794,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Egan_BW,This game made my head ache and my neck sore.10/10 Would play again.
76561198168003711,Recommended,247080,16404882,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Communist Kreme,"Very fun and very easy to get into, my favorite part is the large selection of enemies.If you're considering buying this game, Do!"
,Recommended,247080,16405282,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,VestOfHolding,"I don't understand how I could have so much fun playing a game where I have trouble getting past the first level, and yet it's awesome.  This is an incredibly inventive and addicting rhythm game that I would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,247080,16409967,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,FRUIT$NACK$,Crypt of the NecroDancer is a great game for fans of rythm based games and rouge likes. I've played for almost 4 hours and there is still so much to this game if you haven't checked it out by now you should.
,Recommended,247080,16410244,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Lluixhi,"This game is amazingly difficult, and amazingly fun.Playing a roguelike in beat with music is great.My only complaint is that switching songs between levels tends to screw you up.I'm not sure whether I'll ever beat it.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,16469448,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CriticalHit,"Awesome, buy it!"
,Recommended,247080,16472753,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Earl of Lemongrab,Absolutely love this game. Interesting twist to rogue-likes.
76561198065766018,Recommended,247080,16476259,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Obelix,- Great soundtrack.- Fun mechanics.- Immense replay value.- Rewarding difficulty.
,Recommended,247080,16449450,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Dongo,This game's made every aspect of my life become rhythm-based.No regrets.
76561198143685171,Recommended,247080,16456903,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Jansim,Great game! Super addictive. Smart learning curve with great enemies designs.
,Recommended,247080,16462968,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Creedence Leonore Gielgud,Soundtrack game too strong.  Get this if you like roguelikes and keeping a beat.
76561197999784206,Recommended,247080,30510530,Posted: 14 March,all,Martyn,Such a catchy game. The songs will be stuck in your head for weeks and you'll come back to play. Because it forces you to think quickly it gets quite challenging.
,Recommended,247080,16433175,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ghostrachel,"125 hours in and I still love this game. If you told me I would love a rhythm, roguelike, dungeon crawler, I would think you were nuts, but this game is fantastic and never gets old. Please buy it. It's the best game. Please just buy it and play it, your life will improve."
,Recommended,247080,15704160,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Whaleton,"At a basic glance, this seems fairly simple. Move to the beat, advance like any other roguelike. However, this game is much harder then it seems, and I find myself dying a lot and then thinking ""I should have seen that coming"". One of my pet peeves in roguelikes are enemies that I get immensely frustrated with because of RNG or hard-to master attacks. However, this game's enemies all follow fairly easy to learn patterns, and it's mainly a matter of recognizing those patterns. The weapons in the game are all interesting, with different playstyles being offered in the first few levels to start off; the different weapon variants keep it interesting. Compounded with the soundtrack by DannyB, this game is amazing. I've found myself saying ""Just one more run"" over and over again. The 10 different characters all offer unique playstyles, even if some are less fun then others. The variety, mechanics, and options in the game allow for hours of fun. If I had one minor complaint, it seems like the ""unlocking"" method for the various lobby NPCs seem somewhat pointless. It'd probably be better to just have to unlock them with diamonds instead of golden/glass keys. All in all, an amazing game that I would reccommend to anyone who enjoys roguelikes or pain."
76561197973095254,Recommended,247080,15706582,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,OneFreeFitz,"I've played for a bit, and I've been loving it so far.  Simple controls, great beats, and overall just a fun game."
,Recommended,247080,15708326,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,SlaanSA,"This game is awesome for fans of music and rougelikes, alike. I heavily recomment it!"
,Recommended,247080,15710362,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ssjkenny,"Altered state of consciousness,  no drugs required."
,Recommended,247080,15710599,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Saint Erythrosine [ St. E127 ],"If you like music, this application has 3 albums in 1! Plus, it all comes with a game to get your hands busier."
76561198059342148,Recommended,247080,16206689,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Hmongherooooo,"Very fun and difficult game, and I'm glad that this game is evolving. It's a neat game concept, and the game has amazing music to go along with the ""rogue-style""  gameplay. The game can be difficult or easy depending on how good you are with keeping an actual beat down.Interesting new gameplay and simply very fun especially with a partner."
76561198045442438,Recommended,247080,16207704,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MoonShade,this game is freaking amazing and addictive its like an rpg mixed with a dance game the music is amazing and the gameplay is perfect and innovative my only regret is the fact i can't play with a dancepad i realy hope a console version with a dancepad
,Recommended,247080,16193868,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Redyoshi900,"How do I put it... Crypt of the NecroDancer is a game where you move to the beat of the music, the game LOOKS Easy, but Its hard as hell and is good for people that are looking for a challenge.... CAN YOU BEAT THE NECRODANCER!?!?!"
,Recommended,247080,16196060,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Paet,A must-buy. Without a doubt.
,Recommended,247080,15585029,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,woomy,"This is the sort of thing where, before you try it, you wonder what idiot came up with that dumb idea.And then, once you've gotten a good look at it, you wonder why nobody thought of this before."
,Recommended,247080,15585313,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kuddly Dragon,"I have played a lot of rogue like games, and this is definitely one of the best, if not the best, I enjoyed."
,Recommended,247080,15585319,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Pinkbyte,Roguelike. Rhythm-game. Danny Baranowski as composer.I just gave you three reasons to buy this game. If this is enough for you - just go and buy it.
76561198096524678,Recommended,247080,15585412,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,pyromancer28,I shouldnt even need to write a review for this. If your interested enough that  you went to read the reviews just buy it.
,Recommended,247080,15585653,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Queen Riku,It's like the speed chess of the modern rogue-like games. The rhythm-game element adds quick thinking and reflexes to the formula of the genre and the result works brilliantly. The soundtracks are also pretty groovy.
,Recommended,247080,15586817,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,RagingStormX,"I use old school wrestling music from the 80's and 90's, Game of thrones, and other crazy stuff. Epic. 10/10 would body slam again."
,Recommended,247080,15587378,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Woodythehobo,The guy in the shop sings along too.
76561198049836322,Recommended,247080,15587969,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Magnega,Literally the best game
,Recommended,247080,15588173,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SupSuper,It was all going great until some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥kill me and I can't stop playing
,Recommended,247080,15588308,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Venomwraith,A rhythm game thats a bit different than most.. this is in the form of a dungeon crawler where each enemy has its own beat pattern.. quite an ingenious concept and what better to set the mood than with a soundtrack by Danny Barranowsky . Highly recommend this one. ive played this game since its early access and still impresses me how fun it is to play. final score 9/10 would rate perfect but the game is a bit short in terms of levels though.. this one has enough to unlock and challenges you to push for harder goals.
,Recommended,247080,15588328,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,YOUR FAMOUS GAY DAD,I love this game. It's a fresh take on the Rogue-ish (because people are so ANGRY about the term rogue-like) genre. The music owns. The story is kind of neat. The characters keep things fresh. Necrodancer is Steam Early Access done right.
,Recommended,247080,16155658,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,nervves,"As a person who has an unhealthy adoration of rogue-likes and rhythm games, I feel that I can safely say that this game will inevitably be the reason for the cruel, pitiful, downward spiral my life will soon take. With every new item or technique I uncover in this game, I feel myself losing touch with the things I love. I will sink into the nightmare of my own undoing, with only the sick beats of Crypt of the Necrodancer sustaining my tragic existence.Highly recommended."
76561197995465051,Recommended,247080,16155927,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,FudgeMerchant,"Hop to the beat of this amazing 2D Square Dancing game to the music that either comes with it, or your very own. The game is challenging...quite challenging, and you can make it even harder if you'd like.Crypt of the NecroDancer features you playing a girl named Candice (This is the starting character) who needs to hop through the crypt of a dancing master to ... well win I guess. I don't really know. All in all, this dancing rogue like is extremely addicting and can have you playing for hours on hours. It may take you a few attempts to finish even the first zone if you've never played before.Go around through the dungeon breaking open walls with your shovel, open chests, destroy contestants from those dance competition shows, and build your character up with unique equipment you find every once in a while.This game is amazing. 10/10 for sure. Not to mention, the base soundtrack is freaking epic. As the song goes on, the merchant starts singing along! NOW THAT. THATS AMAZING."
76561198030905849,Recommended,247080,16162466,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Game Soup,"This game will suck you in, hook, line, and sinker, especially if you like RPGs, rhythm games, or roguelikes.  It has virtually infinite replay value, the difficulty is perfectly balanced (I have never died unless it was my fault), and the mechanics could take a lifetime to master and perfect.  This is the most fun I've had with any single game in many years.  There is more content than some triple-A titles, more replayability than most other small developer games, and more polish than I have ever seen in a title of this size.  Each round can last as long as 30 minutes or as short as 5 seconds if you aren't careful, and each time you play you'll learn a little more about mastering the game's world.It took me 24 hours to beat beat the first 2/3 of the story, and I've spent 30 more working on the last 1/3 as well as playing with all the other characters.  The daily challenge, all zones modes, all characters mode, unlockable items, and characters give you so much to do!  I'm almost 60 hours in and haven't unlocked all the characters.  You will NOT get bored of this game.I can't recommend this game enough!  It's my ""stranded on an island game,"" and I anticipate that with mods and the level editor, you could literally play this game for years and never get bored of it.  I've never played a game that I sunk 50 hours into and still couldn't wait to get home and play some more, and the music is one of the best soundtracks an indie title could have.  The game sets a new standard for rhythm-based games and for hectic fun."
,Recommended,247080,16359827,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Badgerspin,"The idea seems odd at first, but it's extremely well executed. Holy hell this gets addicting fast. It's also extremely unforgiving. Expect to die... A lot. Still very enjoyable."
,Recommended,247080,16361236,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,a humble servant of Glorificus,"Only just started to play, but I am already hooked. Procedurally generated roguelikes are a bit of a favorite for me, and this not only satisfies that never ending random adventure, but the soundtrack is absolutely outstanding. Found myself dieing quite a bit because I just wanted to dance along to the beat (which both helps keep the rythme element of the game going and makes it increadingly hard not to just get sucked into the music)"
76561198006699576,Recommended,247080,16339078,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Thiril,You will fall in love the moment you go into this game. And here I was thinking Dark Souls was hard. Oh how I was mistaken.
,Recommended,247080,16339648,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,toast,thats my jam
,Recommended,247080,16339686,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,kailoto17,"Rhythm. Roguelike. Two fantastic genres on their own, and yet here, they come together and form something entirely unique.Since it's part rhythm game, you'd expect the music to be good. Well, it is. Almost too much so. Danny Baranowsky delivers a killer OST, but the remixes by A_Rival and FamilyJules7x are of equal caliber. Adding your own music is always welcome in rhythm games, and this game makes it easy and fun to expiriment around with different tracks.And the roguelike aspect is just as polished. One of the best things about CotND is that it feels fair, in the way that many roguelikes don't; you never feel at the mercy of the RNG god, and nearly every death is something you could have avoided with more skill. The weapons and items allow for a variety of different playstyles, ensuring that gameplay remains fresh.Other things of note: There's lots of stuff to unlock and ten different characters to play as, each with their own playstyle, so for those worried that it'll be a shallow experience, fear not; I've been playing it for many hours and it still hasn't gotten stale. The story is actually quite engaging, and the final chapter is immensely difficult but exceedingly rewarding.Easily the most innovative game I've ever seen, polished to perfection. If either rhythm or roguelikes are your thing, don't miss out on this one folks."
,Recommended,247080,15591188,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sonarchy Flandre,12/10 will sing with shopkeeper again
,Recommended,247080,16340504,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Neepu,"Frustratingly hard, but keeps you trying for the nth time. Amazing music, and fun gameplay whenever you are not ragequitting after five hours of trying to clear the same level."
,Recommended,247080,16341265,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,"Kurt Vega, Private Eye",Fun-as-hell rhythm roguelike with some of DannyB's best musical work yet. Absolutely recommend.
76561198116145703,Recommended,247080,16341680,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,nat1810,"I purchased this game while it was still in Early Access.. and even unfinished, it quickly became one of my favourite games. Now, even when the game is 'finished', the developers are still regularly adding new tweaks and fun bonuses-- a sure sign that they loved working on this game, something that shows in how fun it is to play.It has many different modes, which means that I can have a fun and challenging playthru, before switching the game to an easier mode in order to help my four-year old niece have a game (she can't get enough of the operatic merchant... you'll see what I mean)Buy this game."
76561198024190079,Recommended,247080,16346252,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,indestruct1ble,"I just started playing this game,And I don't wanna stop.This game has everything a rouge-like player wants, and it has GREAT replay value. There IS a pretty good modding community already on top of a CRAZY hard mode AND local multiplayer.I got it for 7 bucks on the summer sale, if i knew this game was going to be this good i would pay 20+10/10 More fun than ive had on any 50+ dollar game this year."
76561198031794528,Recommended,247080,16346953,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Theholyevil,"What an amazing game. This is a game that has an amazing soundstrack, amazing gameplay, and so much replayeblility. I would recommend this game to everyone."
76561198018295040,Recommended,247080,16346979,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,thehamtaker,Crazy addictive - awesome sound track - tons of replayability!
,Recommended,247080,16347508,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,pennomi,"Best Roguelike I've ever played, Nethack included! (And I've beaten Nethack.)I can't recommend Crypt of the Necrodancer enough! Everything about this game is perfect. The art is fabulous, the music is amazing, the difficulty is punishing but perfectly fair.There's all the deep strategy of a roguelike in this game, but the rhythm elements force you to think quickly and learn new strategies and attack patterns. Discovering the uses of all the items is a treat.10/10 Couldn't be happier with this game."
,Recommended,247080,16347639,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,The Blue Phoenix,"You will laugh, you will cry, you will scream, and you will bounce with joy once you finnaly win at this dificult♥♥♥♥♥game, but above all you will DANCE"
,Recommended,247080,16350940,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dappio,I cant stop the beat man I CANT STOP THE BEAT
,Recommended,247080,16351707,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BlockCat,It's a very nice game
,Recommended,247080,16354355,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,President Business,"Fight monsters to the beat of the music. Dungeon crawl, buy new items, unlock characters and zones. Never the same playthrough. Rogue-like. So ♥♥♥♥ing good. Particularly good if you want a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack."
76561198111357970,Recommended,247080,16319123,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Le Fromage,This game makes me shake my boooty to teh music.10/10
,Recommended,247080,16321211,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,bobSpaget,Great game.  Love that I can play it with my own music.
76561198066100565,Recommended,247080,16313062,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Firewiresx,challenging and funthe challenge of getting the beat down is both a challenge and entertaining as you can feel yourself start to dance to the beat
,Recommended,247080,16289771,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,<3,Best game 10/10I can't stop playing this
76561197967571077,Recommended,247080,16557639,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The_Ring-Bearer,"This is a game where you are encourage to move and act with the beat of a good soundtrack of music over the course of a rogue-like adventure. Doing so is difficult but entertaining and fun. It will not take long before you tapping your foot in hopes of keeping your button presses on beat. The musically themed enemies are interesting, each one trying to kill you in some different way. It is not an easy game, but one which I feel that most of my deaths are due to me either being overly aggressive, getting out of sync with a fast beat, or those freaking wall traps in zone 4. But with each death comes some improvement in your skill as you become better and better. It is a cool game and is one I totally recommend. The only thing that I can strike against it is how difficult it can be to try and use items/spells due to the button combination as oppose to perhaps a single key press.Notable awesome points:Harpies have harps in their wings (or as wings?)Zone 3's song will seamlessly change depending on if you are in the ice part of it or the fire part of itThe Merchant Sings in tone with the music! (which can give you a hint when you are closing in on the shop)"
76561198045554723,Recommended,247080,16531211,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,chexwarrior,"Very creative and unique gameplay, almost every enemy is like a puzzle in deciding when and from what angle do you move in  and attack. And no rhythm game would be complete without a cool soundtrack."
,Recommended,247080,16535119,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,kooplion,amazing game
,Recommended,247080,16542657,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,ｂ　ｏ　ｎ　ｅ,Energetic music. Great gameplay. Changing dungeon100/10Would use one of his songs as Neu Deutscher Kaiserreich.
76561198042209823,Recommended,247080,16544344,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Vaeltrix,Couldn't stop playing this game. Had to take break for finals. Easy 9/10.
,Recommended,247080,16544830,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Stockholm Syndrome,"An addicting experience that is challenging without being too hard (outside some of the achievements, wow). The game will punish you for messing up, but you will learn in the process, and you will keep coming back for more. Would absolutely recommend getting the soundtracks as well; it had my curiousity until I saw that FamilyJules7x made a soundtrack, after that it had my attention. Picked up the bundle during the mark down in the summer sale, and I don't regret a thing."
,Recommended,247080,16545140,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Salty Dawg,Played monkKept picking up gold on accidentKept dieingPlayed againAlmost picked up gold to many times to countMade it to the bossRekt Deep Blues' minionsRekt Deep BluePicked up money as I was about to leaveRage quit10/10 wouldn't pick up gold again.
,Recommended,247080,16278010,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,benamas,"An absolutely outstanding, brilliantly polished gem of a game. It's a coffee break roguelike at heart, but the addition of the rhythm elements makes it shine, and fully tying those elements into it's presentation and setting and gameplay is what puts it completely over the top."
,Recommended,247080,13616568,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Caret,This game is incredibly addictive. Very original which is what I love about indie games!
,Recommended,247080,13674037,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,WerewolfX,"My Wife showed me this game and I got to meet the creator at PAX east. this is truly a unqiue game and is something special. Also this game is addicting, so addicting that I found myself humming the tunes at my job and tapping the beats when I'm talking with someone absentmindedly. Will recommend in the future."
76561198119787577,Recommended,247080,13650784,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,PotatoKingIV,10/10 Armadillo kills me every time
76561198149615519,Recommended,247080,13651447,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,glennurb,Good Game 10/10
76561198087841119,Recommended,247080,13653477,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ManfromtheRedRiver,"Coming from someone who hates rogue-likes, this is a great game.  The hilarious yet awesome game concept and great sense of humor are what make this game. Dance your way to victory against dragons and the undead horde. Co-op with a friend is a blast. It supports using your own music (I suggest Dance or Die by Family Force 5 ;) but the default music is great as well. I also look forward to trying out playing with a dance pad."
76561198019722246,Recommended,247080,13654088,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Wrynfroe,"One of the few Early Access games that are worth your time and money.I love this game and would be more than satisfied if this were the final product.Pros:- Frequent updates- Excellent soundtrack- Rhythm movement is satisfying and FUN- Lots of content (unlockable characters, equipment, and challenge modes)- Sprites are all well designed as are the environmentsCons:- Wish there were more Zones- (Nit-picking here) Multiplayer would be nice..."
,Recommended,247080,13654473,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,jokeserver,"I messed up the conga line and King Conga killed me. A++.Seriously, though, I'm an old-school roguelikes-should-be-hardcore-only player but with a rhythm game, there's little time for planning strategy and thinking through your moves, so it's very important that you be familiar with the songs before you go through hardcore more seriously, or you'll get messed up very quickly in the later levels. The game solves this by dividing the levels up into zones of 3 levels + 1 boss each; you can start any zone from scratch once you've completed the previous, and the unlock system also includes the bosses so you can practice their songs as well.But it's incredibly easy to just hit ""retry"" after dying on hardcore. If I'm not careful several hours go by this way..."
,Recommended,247080,13654848,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Grantimation,"Probably the most enthralling rhythm game I've ever ragequit.If you enjoy rhythm games, I would definitely suggest this.If you like rogue-like games, I would definitely suggest this.If you like real life games, go away. This is Steam, silly."
,Recommended,247080,22747475,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Duncan Hunter,Everything spelunkey should have been.
,Recommended,247080,22747482,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Metalsand,"Do you like Rythym based games such as Guitar Hero or Audiosurf?  Do you like music?  Do you like interesting mechanics within indie games?  Then you should absolutely buy this.The gameplay itself is pretty fun, and the additional characters change up the gameplay as well.  While it was difficult, I had a lot of fun with the game.The only part I'd be critical of, is that sometimes it felt that you could lose simply because you were unlucky with enemy and item distribution, but I'd say that was only 1 out of 10 times or so.  It's not a major factor of the game, and doesn't come up until the end-game content anyways.Overall, I'd enthusiastically recommend this to anyone who is interested in the mechanics and gameplay.  The OST is also fantastic; I initially bought the game without the OST and ended up buying the OST later."
76561198030246089,Recommended,247080,22748018,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,0perator 88,Genious. Challenging. Fun.  I'm not good at this game.  I'm not good at rogue-likes.  But this is a fun game when you do good!
,Recommended,247080,22806520,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Authentic Hater,"Fantastic, brutally hard rhythm combat dungeon crawly RPG. Different characters completely change the way the game is played with their own unique challenges. Want to take your time? Play bard, who is not bound to the rhythm of the music. Want to kill nothing and tickle enemies with your flower power? Dove. Want to be challenged to your absolute limit? Try Coda, who plays at double speed, dies in one hit, dies when picking up gold, dies when missing a single beat, and has an extremely limited item pool.Success in the game is earned through patience and learning the patterns of each enemy - many enemies brutally punish being mindlessly charged, with a few beats of reckless attacking quickly seeing you dead and furious.Bosses are fun and challenging, but true strategy is not required for most of them when playing the easier characters, as a good collection of items can see you downing bosses in one bar of music. The story progresses through increasingly difficult characters with the final character being substantially harder than those before. It's a difficulty spike, but by the time you reach it you'll feel a possessed determination to reach the end at all costs, inspired by the previous four hours of relentless beats infecting your mind and demanding you complete the NecroDance of Destiny.Barrier of entry is moderate - non-gamers or the rhythmically (or physically) impaired may have trouble sticking with the game until it 'clicks' for them. Bard allows everyone to enjoy the puzzley elements of the game and practice for harder characters, and there are practice rooms available for absolutely every enemy type and boss; so those goddamned red dragons can stop slaughtering you on your otherwise perfect run.Session time is short, with levels being 2-5 minutes in length, three levels a zone with a boss at the end of each.I planned to make this a two minute silly review, but this game deserved justice.Charming as F**K, could not recommend more."
,Recommended,247080,22805767,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,8BitAether,"Only played this for 20 minutes so far, and I love the game! It's neat that it's not only a rogue-like dungeon crawler game, but also to the music! Not only that, but it's pretty damn hard. You have to think out situations quickly so you don't *ahem*. Die. You can easily get through the first few levels on the first zone but from there it's only getting harder with a faster tempo to more OP enemies.I also like the use of the workshop, so the community can share custom music and custom sprites."
,Recommended,247080,22764985,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Metaphysical Pistachio,Still can't beat Aria's first levels.
,Recommended,247080,22751142,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sindorej,you dont know how great this is until you play it
,Recommended,247080,22819701,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Zatchooze,"Its actually turn based. Each beat is a turn.If you're not used to the rhythm, I'd recommend using Bard for awhile."
76561197998163088,Recommended,247080,22752266,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Jjj'jj,"It's a roguelike rhythm RPG game. Legit fun to be had, but if you want to play as more than one character you're gonna have to put in some serious effort to get there. Very charming for the casual, and very rewarding for the decidated."
,Recommended,247080,22788500,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,GamezMatter,"Has to be one of the most addicting games I have ever played. Not only is it addicting, its also pretty dificult but it's also very satisfying when you finally beat one of the zones. Also dont even get me started about the music, the music is just perfect and never gets old."
,Recommended,247080,22790947,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Pika Twilight,Great Game. I Find It Awesome That You Can Change The Music To Something From Your Own PC/Laptop... But Terrible Lag At The Loading Screen. Had To Troubleshoot It. Please Fix This In A Later Update
76561198123806291,Recommended,247080,22769241,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Shrier Fueznu,It's one of the best music games I've ever played. The only real problem I can think of is the long loading at the begining.
,Recommended,247080,22762964,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Sapphire Sky,This game is lit af.
76561198031128550,Recommended,247080,22766437,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,tcbscott,"Soooo good!  When you get the hang of the beat matching, it becomes like the whole dungeon is dancing to the songs while pummeling each other!This is a very challenging game, I have made it to Zone 2 with the main character, and Zone 3 with the monk or whatever he is, the guy who you don't have to beat match with.  But haven't gotten very far into Zone 3.Looking forward to more games by this developer!"
76561198029295977,Recommended,247080,22763692,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Teryi96,good music
,Recommended,247080,22774306,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,jumpman delux,jesus christ how is it 1:30 already?protip: better not play this with aphex twin!don't do it!ｗiйκ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198029828587,Recommended,247080,22774643,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Melancholic,Fun. Not normally a fan of these kind of games but it was on sale and it looked interesting. Does seem to be taking a toll on my wrist though as I mash along in time to the beat but great in small doses.
76561198010060335,Recommended,247080,22770365,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,random noob,Waited to buy this untill it was on sale because I didn't realize they had added support for random multiple song playlists. Worth much more than I paid for it. If there was a way to connect a usb music device to this and charge for lives this would make alot of money as an arcade game
76561198157951283,Recommended,247080,22769821,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Mylittleloki,I made the songs into the Malo Mart theme
,Recommended,247080,22773188,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Vahn,"This game is solid, and a lot of fun. Once you realize that moving to the rythm is critical and not staying calm is the reason you are getting killed (fighting those instinct to button mash those monsters to death), the game becomes very fun to play and has a very interesting difficulty curve.Each new area spikes in difficulty temporarily as you adjust to the new enemy patterns and item mechanics, and adds a great deal of satisfaction to finally being able to beat it.All of the soundtracks are great, and you can even add your own music easily through the in-game menu, but beware- the beat that the game recognizes for your own music can sometimes be very unnatural to your percieved rhythm of the song and make it very difficult to play. Test the beats in the lobby first before you venture out with your own songs.5/5 for this game delivering what it promises.6/5* if they added a metronome-style, hit-the-spacebar-to-the-tempo adjustment to custom songs.Will definitely listen to this soundtrack when I drive around town again."
,Recommended,247080,19073680,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Claude,"Fun, we need more games like these."
,Recommended,247080,19105885,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,KillerTreat,What?! I can leave a review even though I haven't bought the game!Sweet niblets.A truely fun game. SC2 went down for 15 minutes and this game was free until monday. I thought I would try it out since it looked cool.9 hours later.... it's now 7 am.... dreamt I could only move to the sound of the beat. Felt like I was in that scence from the mask with the maracas.10/10 would buy but i'm too cheap even though I have like 100 other crappy games.
,Recommended,247080,19088271,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,dimestore thriller™,"A fairly straightforward roguelike dungeon crawler, with the main selling point being the way the game is built around music and timing. You can only move one sqaure at a time in time with the music, and the enemies are similarily constrained. As you progress you upgrade your character through vendors and unlock new ones. NecroDancer also has the ability to add your own music to the game, and a 2 player local multiplayer, both of which are worthwhile additions, and help to add length to what may only be a novelty game for some, given it's simplicity. Necrodancer is neither a masterful dungeon crawler or a superb rhythm game, but when combined, it leads to a game I would encourage anyone to try."
76561198042577828,Recommended,247080,19048231,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,aldanae,"This is easily my game of the year 2015.It meshes 2 genres I love, being roguelike and rhythm game.The gameplay is refined and perfect, and the music...The music...I won't even start: Danny Baranowsky made the greatest game-music since Mega Man. I listen to the music a lot alone without even playing the game. And I love the remixes.The music alone would be worth anybody's money.Everything is awesome!"
,Recommended,247080,18997470,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Cleath,The only game where you can dance around a dungeon to the tune of nyan cat.
76561198200116677,Recommended,247080,19082058,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fer & Flammes,"Simple. Elegant. Efficient. FUN !You could spend 1000+ in a gaming rig and 70+ in AAA games, you would never get what this one provides.This game is a reminder as to why i still play videogames.Give. them. MONEY !"
,Recommended,247080,19051176,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,gp_ribbit,"An all-around amazing game built to have so much fun, that you'll end up doing everything else in your life according to the game's rhythm.But not if you played a lot with the bard class. That guy doesn't have a lot of rhythm for an artist. Freaking scammer!!"
76561198031232699,Recommended,247080,19044837,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,nloewen,Fantastic!
,Recommended,247080,19044173,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Final Contra,"This game is my favorite new IP of 2015. The gameplay is great, it's infinitely replayable, the soundtrack is incredible, the silly theme keeps you from throwing your controller too hard, and playing co-op for the first time was one of my favorite gaming experiences ever.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GS7wjZzvpE"
,Recommended,247080,19046763,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,HughJas,"YES. OH MY GOD, YES.The best soundtrack of any game. Ever.Amazing, stylized pixel-graphics like the good ol' days, but better.Procedurally generated levels and daily challenges.The shopkeeper sings.The 2% of people who downvoted this game have no souls and can't be counted as real people. Therefor 100% of people who have played CotN know you need to buy it. Right now.NOW!!"
76561198030136958,Recommended,247080,19040521,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Cyanohydrin,Dance your worries away and replace them with this hard-as-nails game. Stick to the rhythm and you might just make it.
,Recommended,247080,19055194,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Hackworth,This is literally the only game I bother to play daily challenges in.  It's just fun!
76561198084468903,Recommended,247080,19026375,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Witlesscookie,Yes!
76561197994805116,Recommended,247080,19038212,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Okari,To me NecroDancer is a great game to relax to or take a break with in between projects. It's a roguelike rhythm themed dungeon clawl. I would compare it with Dwarfs?! in terms of how much time goes into a single sitting of this game.The soundtrack is worth picking up in my opinion as well. I put it in my rotation for when I'm working at my computer.9/10
76561198156405738,Recommended,247080,18979821,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Karlusha1029,"I came across this game accidentally while I was listening to some music from super meat boy. I listened to a few tunes and then I decided to buy it. And, man, I was not dissapointed. It's a fine roguelike with some of the best music I have ever heard from a video game. If you're in it for a story, it's not very good. But for the soundtrack alone, i suggest you to buy this and play get fustrated at the game for being hard to the sound of sweet music."
76561198103235794,Recommended,247080,18979060,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Wintergreen,GIVE ME MY LIFE BACK.10/10.
,Recommended,247080,17785333,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Grandorg [GER],"Awesome Music, genius Gamyplay and so much replayability thanks to challanging Content and several different Character what have all complete unique Playstyles.Also Mod support (Steam Workshop) and very active Modding Comunity and a build in Map Editor, where you can build your own Death Stage"
,Recommended,247080,17229620,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,MozDoctor,"You must never stop dancing, dance to stay alive!Quite unlike traditional roguelikes, do it right and you feel like you are in complete control, but if you fail you can only get mad at yourself. This means that I keep coming back again and again without suffering from a controller throwing fit of rage. There are difficulty spikes of course, but because the actions of each enemy are set and predictable there is always a way to beat such moments without taking any damage.There is also permanent progression in extra health or better equipment if you can save the shopkeepers that will sell such augments to you.And the music? Pumpin'..."
,Recommended,247080,17234389,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,aetherial,There exists no higher form of art than this. I pity all who may never experience this game.
,Recommended,247080,17236349,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,LC,just dont ♥♥♥♥ around and its alright
,Recommended,247080,17240758,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,ε===(っ≧ω≦)っ,It's infinity harder than Dark Souls
,Recommended,247080,15505555,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Hausyeti,"Basicly, i have to say that the Idea of the game is great.You are jumping to the beat in a dungeon around, killing undead things and other creatures and it gives you a good old-school feeling because of the fancy game graphics. The soundtracks are also great, and if you get sick of them, you can use your own music in the game. A cool thing is, that you can unlock multiple characters, a few of them are playable and the other are NPCs who are offering you different things. Also you can unlock items, which you can find and use in your next adventures.In the end i have to say, that i like this game as a something for now and then game. In my opinion you cant play it every day and every night."
,Recommended,247080,17525620,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,✗ Gay Thing ✗,"Hella love this game, the beat is awesome, the gameplay is epic. Playing it with a friend or a family member side to side is fun too xD"
76561198020319382,Recommended,247080,17530222,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Tomboyo,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is quite possibly the most welcome outcome that could result from mashing together the bits and bobs of classic Rogue-likes, retro electronic beats, and rhythmic gameplay. While the notion of combining Rogue-likes (the poster-children of slow, careful deliberation) with rhythmic gameplay (which espouses just about everythingnotthe aforementioned) may seem bewilderinglymad, rest assured: Crypt of the Necrodancer seemlessly combines rhythmic mechanics with combat, exploration, planning, anddying horribly, repeatedly.I mean this in the best possible sense; after all, a core feature of Rogue-likes is repeatedly slamming head-first into opposing walls until learning of their wonderfuldoors. Necrodancer manages to let players learn about the dungeon and its rules, master the mechanics of the various enemies sprinkled lovingly throughout its midst, and still inevitably die by tripping over a particulary pernicious Green Slime without it ever becoming irritating or even remotely un-fun. The gameplay is tight, the mechanics are solid, the game is stable, there is a suprising amount of content and replayability, there are several game modes available (including the venerable Bard, which lets the player ignore the rhythm mechanics and is wonderful for learning the game), and the game has more artistic merits than a troop of Boy Scouts pledged to Bob Ross. There are no happy trees, however. The walls will literally eat you, actually, so the Bob Ross metaphore doesn't go far.Tl;Dr: The skeletonsdance.Is this not what you came for? Are you not entertained?"
,Recommended,247080,17530561,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,andrewrk,Elegantly designed. Tight controls. Wonderfully difficult.
,Recommended,247080,17533247,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,The root of all Gingers,Dungeons and Dragons the musical.
,Recommended,247080,17565635,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Smoky Goats,Incredibly unique game packed with charm.
,Recommended,247080,17567987,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Ronniekins,"It's tougher than I expected, that's for sure. As someone who loves music and rhythm games, I thought this would be a cakewalk. Nothing could be further from the truth. Yet, Crypt of the Necrodancer is always fun, no matter how many times you get killed by an innocuous-looking creep. Superb soundtrack, great gameplay, and designed so that even when you continually fail, you want to keep trying. Highly recommended"
,Recommended,247080,14115032,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,GamerKnight332,Man if you like music this game has your back. 10/10heres what i gotta say.good graphicsnice heroyou can use your music if you like.why you reading this!? buy it already!!!
,Recommended,247080,17552431,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,dances with woolite,"Wow, what a gem! The pitch for this game sounds ridiculous, a cross between DDR (usually played with the keyboard) and Rogue, and I don't even usually like Roguelikes, but it totally totally works. It's a fun and fair game to study in detail, and while it's not quite ""Spelunky"", there is a lot of depth and a lot of charm.My complaints:- Because the game is beat-based, there are not that many animations; in particular, when you die, your character often just disappears. This takes away some of the fun of dying that you'd see in a game like Spelunky.- In almost all cases, you are just moving in a regular rhythm with each beat. I kind of wish there had been more ""rhythm"" play.- I did beat story mode after weeks of trying, which is pretty hardcore, but there's no achievement for this! Argh!"
76561198125818525,Recommended,247080,17552566,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Np237,"Awesome gameplay, awesome music, awesome everything, this game is awesome."
,Recommended,247080,17556952,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Pink Freud,"This game does an amazing job mixing roguelikes elements with music (time based) games.  Interesting art style, sweet jams, and challenging.  If any of this sounds good to you, GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,247080,17590104,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Artlu (✿◠‿◠),"I think this game is unique to other rhythm games because you move to the beat as opposed to walking through a dungeon the normal way, and you are motivated to moving to the beat because of how catchy the soundtrack is. This is a dungeon crawler like no other anyone has seen. You can collect items, dig through each level, and play the game. All while moving to the beat! I liked the game back from its alpha version up to now. For those who like to listen to catchy music and to play dungeon crawler games, this is for you."
76561198101769816,Recommended,247080,17804197,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,KiZamWam,WHY THE HELL DIDNT I KNOW ABOUT THIS GAME EARLIER?!?
,Recommended,247080,17808529,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,nhruo123,What's cooler than dancing skeletons?A dancing skeleton on a horse!Excellent game with great music!
76561198061915226,Recommended,247080,19209547,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,vorox,"There are a few things about the controls that could still use some tweaking, but the concept of a rythm/rougelike game is is a very good idea, also as I said before, the soundtrack is excellent."
,Recommended,247080,21229576,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Amalaíso,Crypt of the NecroCancer
,Recommended,247080,21209003,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,oreo_fritzey,one of my favorite games
,Recommended,247080,21124167,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Protonyte,YOU WILL LOSE TRACK OF TIME. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,21118319,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ats02,"One of the best soundtracks, love it."
,Recommended,247080,21206660,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Doctor Mog,Omg this game is just too rage quitting yet soo much fun :D highly recommened
,Recommended,247080,21204689,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Humperdinck,"Multi tasking hell. With every beat, you are one move away from disaster which makes every moment insane. If you want to bash your head to a grovey beat. You can't go much wrong.."
,Recommended,247080,19759343,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Panda Seungri,"If you're into rhythm games, it's a must.Albeit it being insanely hard, it's very fun even for non-hardcore gamers.If you're one, then it's even better. Good luck beating all zone mode with Coda."
76561198113753579,Recommended,247080,19716455,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Chasey Failnaut,"This review is mainly just so the developers can see.This game is great. I love the concept, the execution is good, despite being a bit slow-paced during certain songs, and it's got a nice difficulty, as well. It's fun to try to make it through a zone, and it's very satisfying to complete one. There were a few things that seemed like game breaking at first. As it turns out, they're not. With the exception of the Bard (who is extremely fun to play as), all characters that I've unlocked so far will drop to the next floor once the song is over. So no worries about being stuck.If I happen to find anything that should probably be fixed, I'll post it here right away. For now, here are some tips:1. The Crown of Teleportation is a potentially extremely useful item that will warp you to the shop (if one is available) upon being hit, but only once. If this item sends you to a shop that requires a bomb to access, and you don't have any bombs, no enemies can hit you anymore. This is great for all characters except for the Bard, due to the automatic drop to the next floor when a song ends.2. The Boots of Leaping cause you to move two tiles per beat instead of one. This is rarely useful, but wait! There's more! Turns out you can toggle these! This turns a run-breaking, bad item into an amazing item that can potentially allow you to escape nearly any battle in just a few beats. I didn't know this until recently because I wasn't paying attention to the HUD. Note to self: Always check th e HUD.Easy 9/10 for me.Oh, and did I mention that the local co-op is amazing?And the best part: THE DEVS ACTUALLY READ ALL OF THEIR REVIEWS AND COMMENTS!Such precious few dev teams actually take the time to read their reviews and respond in turn, so it's really nice that Brace Yourself Games is willing to do so. I respect that."
,Recommended,247080,19758382,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Vlyox🎃,"The music, the colors, the levels, the characters, the story, the items, even the shopkeeper. All of it is just incredible. I find little problems with this game besides difficulty, but hey, I just suck."
,Recommended,247080,19769811,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Garlic,"A charming work of art with great mechanics and stimulating music. It is also very challenging, and appropriately so.This production is really impressive. If your'e a gamer and you haven't played this, you need to.However, if you can't keep a beat, don't play this game. If you dislike being challenged, well then I don't know why you're playing video games at all.I also recommend not playing with Vsync, I experience some tearing when playing, but Vsync makes it feel clunky and kind of out of time (could just be my computer but whatever)"
76561198025887651,Recommended,247080,19126353,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Houdi-Mantra,"Really simple to play, yet still quite challenging!This game was very creative in idea, and gave me a new experience in gaming.And the music...so addicting to hear the merchant singing to the background music!ps: Be aware for those who aim to keep high game completion rates. Unlocking achievements for this game is VERY HARD."
,Recommended,247080,19793386,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sypher,Sorry would type review but too busy dancing to the music. sorry.
,Recommended,247080,19845267,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,KaneEnable,Amazing game
,Recommended,247080,19875317,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Thom.azella,f** awesome
,Recommended,247080,19842109,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,rechade,"It's like a puzzle suicide dungeon chess. Turn based but with a real time factor because of the rhythm game. Brilliant fun. Very rewarding as you figure out attributes of the monsters.  It's hard, but you find allies in the crypt who help indirectly."
76561198015337264,Recommended,247080,19895536,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Rhev,"What a strange combo this game is.  One part rogue dungeon crawler, one part dance dance revolution.  Yet, somehow... it works.  This is a game where you have to focus on maintaining the right beat, to catchy techno style hits that somehow do nothing to detract from the fantasy environment of a dungeon crawler.  Hard to explain, and I admit I'm not very good at it, but I absolutely enjoyed it."
,Recommended,247080,19893888,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Xian,"Amazing gameplay, amazing music, amazing asthetic and perfect use of 16 bit graphics. Would highly, HIGHLY recommend."
,Recommended,247080,19890340,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,goody3shoes,do you like music. do you like games. well this is a music game. so buy it. now.
,Recommended,247080,16105973,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MrGBSM,"Fun to play, addicting, difficult. 10/10 -IGN"
76561198238867546,Recommended,247080,20508446,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,chaosprodigy,"I haven't played this much, but I'm going to be playing it for a while."
,Recommended,247080,20559531,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Combine™,"This is such a fantastic game, Danny Baranowsky has definately done it again with his amazing soundtracks!As for the game itself it's very fun and enjoyable even though it does get hard and challenging the more you progress,The bosses in the game are always fun as they are basically a puzzle ready to be solved then when more enemys enter the fight it starts to become a challenge.The Final boss is honestly a very fun and challenging boss aswell, i really like how the gameplay changed at the end requiring you to focus on 2 things rather than 1 so i loved it.Once again for Danny Baranowsky, listening to his soundtrack got me to buy this awesome game and he has definately taken a new route and style which i'm happy to see him going for, glad to see him do what he does best once more!This game honestly has an amazing,addicting and beautiful soundtrack that makes you wanna dance alot of times!"
76561198123134782,Recommended,247080,20556416,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,HAIIR0,i think i of the best games i bought in steam and hardest one
,Recommended,247080,20479501,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Chiefkrb,I absolutely love this game! It is a fast pace RPG/Fighting game and those two games just make the best game ever when put together
76561198136926537,Recommended,247080,20459182,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Pillar Monkey,\o/
,Recommended,247080,15613008,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,KnuckleHead McSpazzatron,"So after seeing this back when it was first revealed in Steam as an Early Access game, it immediately grabbed my attentionUnique and wonderful designs all around, a simple and effective control scheme making use of just your four arrow keys (Or Macro's if you so wish) and of course an incredible soundtrack. Generally a unique game in almost every wayThe best way I can describe the game play is think a turn based dungeon crawler (Something like Mystery Dungeon), but you must take a turn every beat of the music, and it works incredibly well, really demanding you to plan your movement, take different choices and approaches depending on what your current situation isAlso very unforgiving, especially in the final zones where ill planning can cause situations to hilariously fly out of control ramping up the difficulty with later unlocked characters.I also commend the developers for following the Alpha, Beta, Full release stages properlyMy only honest regret, is not getting this sooner back when it was Early Access, this has been a favourite ever since purchasing it, and FamilyJules7x's soundtrack doesn't ever get old for me"
,Recommended,247080,20612135,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,SilvertaildFox,"Go rogue and become a slave to the rhythm.Crypt of the Necrodancer is a great game with a catchy beat. A great combination of rogue, rhythm and turn based games. Use your own favorite music tracks if you desire. A memorable game of 2015, definately worth your money.Also love the shopkeep, more games need to have one that has the singing talent of this one."
76561198065581018,Recommended,247080,20643082,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Valentyne,"10/10 would recommend for anyone who enjoys a challenging game with good music. Kind of reminds me of the Dark Souls franchise in certain aspects, you need to learn your opponents movements etc, etc. Expect to die a lot :D"
76561198056057114,Recommended,247080,20612843,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,King_Stingray,"Enjoyable music, adequate roguelike difficulty, interesting story, and excellent replayability. All of this while performing a deadly tango with your enemies. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,247080,19127104,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Estetare är cuckholds,SO GUD
76561198113087780,Recommended,247080,19153021,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,CrimsonStorm,Just keep dancing to the Beat.
76561198157329866,Recommended,247080,19145860,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Dragon_Scale101,"OMG so awesome, I cried buckets!"
,Recommended,247080,19131983,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Jarfulous,"Loads of fun if you like rhythym games, which I do. Great music, which is basically required for the genre. The closest thing to a problem is that it takes a minute to start, but it's worth it."
76561198180190231,Recommended,247080,19137603,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,caiohideo,"Awesome soundtrack, awesome gameplay, just wish I had more coordination"
,Recommended,247080,19065549,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Yuri Gagarin,"Really interesting twist on the classic Dungeon Crawl, blending roguelike gameplay with rhythm based controls.Now, if only I wasn't total♥♥♥♥♥♥at rhythm games."
76561198089812903,Recommended,247080,15804004,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Yoca212,"A disco-dungeon game of suprising depth and difficulty. Grooving while devastating dungeon baddies in a feverish dance of delight. I love this game, and you probably will too. 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,15661504,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Sam Hyde,Singing merchant. 10 out of 10but seriously it's amazing and original. It's worth the money easily.
76561198055439193,Recommended,247080,11645379,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Hectorlph,"Should you buy this game?The answer is YES if any of the following apply:1. You like rhythm games. Nothing is more satisfying for a rhythm gamer than a game that is dynamic, and not just about memorizing. You have to react to what the games throws at you.2. You like dungeon crawler games. This is one of the best games when it comes to replay value, in my opinion. There are so many different things to try. I played over 30 hours in alpha/beta, and I am definitely going to spend another 20+ just trying out new builds on my character or creating new dungeon maps.3. You like skill based games. Seriously, this game takes some skill to master. So many different situations to overcome. There are even multiple characters and modes to play in to make it even more of a challenge!My experience:I played this game in early access, and it was an absolute blast of a game! Updates were frequent and so much quality content was being added. The rhythm mechanics are great, the different weapons make it fun to play over and over, and the boss fights are sublime.About 6 months ago, I stopped playing because I didn't have time anymore.I just came back today after the main update, and wow, I have some things to say. This game is even better than I could have possibly thought. I don't normally write reviews twice on games, but I'll make an exception for COTND. I just started to stratch the surface of the new characters, items, and bosses. So far, I am LOVING it. I don't feel overwhelmed by new content at all, in fact I am enjoying discovering new items and enemies. The story mode is just what the game needed--something to tie together the characters, bosses, and theme of the game. I can't wait to play this a ton over the summer!"
76561198036393876,Recommended,247080,15808367,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,The Grand Mugwump,"Great musicCan replace the game's music with your own and play to your own beatsInteresting opponents.Lots of trial and error against said interesting opponentsVery customizable controls made life immensely easier for meSteam workshop support with mods and dungeons created by other playersFunctional local co-op for two players (beware of bard)Music punsA great game for players who enjoy learning from their mistakes and surmounting incredible challenges while bound to the sweet, sweet music."
,Recommended,247080,15871522,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,MULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULK,5/5 best
76561198044302721,Recommended,247080,15851959,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,JeremiahLoh,What happens when you combine a Rhythm Game with a Roguelike? You get Crypt of the Necrodancer.The Music is great and brought to you by the famous Danny B. Tap to the rhythm and learn the patterns as you dance your way to victory.
76561198079626348,Recommended,247080,15775484,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Feathers,Playing Coop with my Mom on Mothers day. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15840175,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,DigitalOdin,Love it!
76561198006301875,Recommended,247080,15922308,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,The Watcher in The Dark,The silliest concept in the world that somehow made one of the greatest games in the world.  Fun as hell.
,Recommended,247080,15922435,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,ebole,harder than dancing in real life0/10 i can't beat it
,Recommended,247080,15904317,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Masked Little Shit,The game is rather tough but unlike many others in this day and age it's difficulty is genuine and is largely based on the player's skill.With a solid soundtrack and an intresting story Crypt of the NecroDancer is a sure fire classic
,Recommended,247080,15228697,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,hot n spicy,"Crypt of the NecroDancer (CotND)Crypt of the Necrodancer is a rhythm-based roguelike game featuring a unique movement mechanic based on the beat of the music. That's essentially it... even though it's a basic premise, the incredibly talented people who created this game were able to pull it off so well and make the experience of playing the game enjoyable for hours and hours.If you didn't know already, your character, who by default is Cadence, can only move to the beat of the music. If you successfully kill lots of monsters without getting hurt or messing up your movement by not moving to the beat, you get a coin multiplier that allows you to earn more coins whilst killing monsters. The coins can be used to buy stuff from a merchant to help you not die. You can also get gems to buy permanent upgrades.The graphics consist of a lot of pixel art. It looks pretty nice to me, but I've seen some people complain about the ""placeholder textures"" that are used. Which is ridiculous, because   a) they really unnoticable   and    b)IT'S AN EARLY ACCESS GAME! OF COURSE IT'S N0T COMPLETELY FINISHED!There really isn't much of a story, but it suffices for a roguelike title. Basically, this girl Cadence wants to rescue her father, who is trapped in the Crypt of the NecroDancer. Also, there's this guy Eli, who doesn't want her to go there. (Which is probably a good idea, because you will die a LOT. More on that later) The end. That's the storyline. Now I want to get to the gameplay.The gameplay is simple but very addicting. You start with a tiny dagger, and you can get a variety of weapons like the broadsword, rifle, cat o' nine tails, etc. You use these items to kill monsters like spooky scary skeletons and slimes. Like you, these monsters have to move to the beat of the music, and they follow a certain pattern. The patterns start out simply, like with the blue slime, who moves from side to side, to the goblin (this guy is such an jerk... seriously) who only follows you when your back is turned; a lot like Boos from the Mario games. The pacing is terrific: there are 3 main levels, (the 4th one is in development) and when you reach each one, there are new monsters that you have to learn the pattern of. There's also a boss at the end of each level. It's basically an incredibly fast-paced realtime strategy game, and it gets to be really difficult once you get to the 3rd level.A lot of the games greatness comes from the soundtrack.J   E   S   U   S      C   H   R   I   S   T   !The music is AMAZING. It is certainly one of the best I have ever heard. The gameplay and the music combine perfectly, making for an amazing and unique experience unlike anything you have ever heard. It's perfect in EVERY WAY. There's really nothing else to be said about the soundtrack. It's great-- you have to play the game with the music to fully appreciate it, though.Since the game is early access and still in development, there were a couple things I didn't really enjoy.  First of all, in the 3rd level, the enemies can easily swarm you. Yes, I know it's supposed to be difficult, but when you literally spawn in a mosh pit of monsters there is literally no chance for you to live. None. And there were a couple glitches when pausing. But these things really don't take away from the overall great experience the game has to offer.The game is still in-dev, but I would still buy it if it wasn't. It truly is and will evolve into an amazing game, and I can't wait to see what the developers will add on to it in the future. BUY THIS GAME!Crypt of the NecroDancer gets a 9.3 out of 10."
,Recommended,247080,15907944,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,bubinski,"this is honestly one of the best dungeon crawlers ive EVER played, the soundtrack is absolutely stunning, and the gameplay is fun and addictive. now go deliver those beatdowns to the beat."
76561198068277478,Recommended,247080,15910320,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Dudemanguy,This game is a great example of combining the rhythm genre into other types of games. The soundtrack is great and the gameplay is difficult yet rewarding. Just what you want in a roguelike experience.-10/10 IGN
,Recommended,247080,15910836,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,JDRPG,"This game is fantastic. I'll admit, I love roguelike games. They are probably my favorite genre of games. I'm not so much a fan of Rhythm games, but this puts both of them together. There's only 12 levels and 6 different bosses, but that doesn't mean the content ever runs dry. I got this for sale during early access, but I would buy the game in full now. It's a steal."
76561198034476979,Recommended,247080,15911005,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Lyxalot,Best Game in Existence! :D
76561198060219701,Recommended,247080,15913762,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,lostcraft,"One of the most insane combinations of genres I have ever played. Roguelikes focus on patience, careful thinking, and slow buildup of a character. Rhythm games focus on getting a sound pattern down. Marry those genres and you get a twitch-action game where each decision is more or less based on gut-feeling and thinking-on-your-feet.And it's awesome.As Cadence, a young woman who had her heart ripped out by the titular NecroDancer, you're bound to make it through a dungeon on a quest for answers. You're also bound to the beat. You move around a tile-based, randomly generated dungeon floor, killing monsters for gold and items, always looking for better stuff. Each level's exit is guarded by a miniboss you need to defeat in order to go deeper. So far, so rogue-light. But each level also challenges you to keep in rhythm with the background music- if you try to move outside the beat, your actions fail. And as you stay in the groove and don't take damage, a multiplier builds up that affects anything from the amount of gold an enemy earns you to the damage your weapon does. It's all really simple but also very clever (and hilarious).Enemies all have their own movement patters, also based on the beat- some, like bats, are simple and straightforward, others take a while to figure out, and then you have to adapt and react and eventually reach that blissful nirvana where you truly dance through the dungeon like an armor-clad, broadsword-wielding, bomb-throwing, spell-casting ballerina of death. Until something kills you. Then you die, and your perma-death is only softened by diamonds you picked up to purchase new items to spawn on your next run, or to unlock training areas or get some random, better, starting equipment.COTN plays very well. There's never any hiccup and every keypress gets and instant response. It also looks pretty cool, with decidedly simple pixel graphics and charming small animations everywhere. And it sounds amazing: The soundtrack alone adds ten points of awesome to the game.And it's a hard game. With four stages, each consisting of three levels and a final ""boss"" arena, a perfect run would maybe take you under an hour, but don't expect to get that perfect run anytime soon. There are lots of obstacles and the learning curve can be steep- the basics are easy to grasp but by the time moving to a constant beat and taking out the smaller mons, the game will throw you a curveball with a new pattern, a beat that changes speed, or unlockable characters with their own unique restrictions and abilities. How about a pacifist who can never deal damage? A miner who only uses bombs? A character unable to miss even one beat without dying? You name it, it's there.There's even a small story to tie the cast together and to give the whole dungeon-dancing a purpose, but to unlock it all, I was told, you need to play the game with several different characters. That'll take me a while :DIn short, this is a keeper. There's just too much cool stuff here to NOT recommend the game. Get it, play it, curse your muscle memory and keep the groove."
76561198077134316,Recommended,247080,15701124,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mr Snow,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wtmXk3d1XI&feature=youtu.beHighly recommended.  You haven't seen anything like it.
,Recommended,247080,15619934,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Guphy,I am absolutley in love with this game. It's instantly one of my favourite games!
,Recommended,247080,15620187,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ImpDragon,"I first played Crypt of the Necrodancer at GDC years ago and was SO DEPRESSED when I went back home and discovered it wasn't out in any capacity. I threw money at it THE MOMENT it was released on Early Access and have never been disappointed. Super friendly devs, genius game concept, PERFECT execution. I cannot think of a single thing I dislike about this game. I tell everyone about it!"
,Recommended,247080,18465162,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Divalti,"A game where having a sense of rhythm is very important. Sure, you don't need a strong sense of rhythm to play this game, but if you're anything like me, this game will get a damn lot harder if you don't have one, especially with how addicting this game is."
76561198165221480,Recommended,247080,18478667,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,tonthornand,"""**** you Necrodancer. **** you up the *** with your ******* lute! 10/10"
76561198129544286,Recommended,247080,18490178,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cill Bosby,420/69
76561198117146064,Recommended,247080,18562626,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Code,One of the best games on steam.
,Recommended,247080,18564099,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Mikaroni,"This game isn't great, and isn't terrible. Playing to a beat is fun at first, but quickly wears thin, as you just want to play the game after a while. I honestly get bored pretty quickly playing this. I'd rather go play Rogue Legacy!"
76561198110594346,Recommended,247080,18538029,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Wizard,10/10 what else?
,Recommended,247080,30566036,Posted: 17 March,all,Rettima,Yep.
,Recommended,247080,18692025,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,speff,"Amazing soundtrack, interesting and really cool style of gameplay, but the game itself is just too damn hard for me. If you're good at thinking quickly and keeping rhythm, and you love fast-paced electronic music that'll have you rocking in your seat to the beat, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,247080,18516157,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Mr. Gem,10/10 A piece of beauty.
76561198052037801,Recommended,247080,18519733,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,RedScorpion,"This game is so much fun, yet a little difficult for a noob like me."
,Recommended,247080,18699411,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,N4utical_F0x,FREAKING AMAZING!!!Love the rhythm aspect and all the monsters are new and fresh!***** stars!
,Recommended,247080,18736605,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Dukethemidgetninja,"Run, jump, shoot, play duke nukem for ever air hockey"
,Recommended,247080,18447722,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Aster,Seriously addictive. Played this with friends before purchasing and it is literally hours of fun!
76561197973694731,Recommended,247080,18447835,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,RetroGamingFool,"Weirdest dungeon crawler I've ever played, but very cool. Lots to unlock, good enemy variety, awesome music (plus you can import your own). Strongly recommend playing with a controller, keyboard made certain actions in-game difficult."
,Recommended,247080,18434688,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Elite Bulldozer,"I got this game early summer, and have beaten the first 2 main characters, and I love everything about this game. I've never been a fan of rhythm games, but I love Crypt of the Necrodancer with all my heart, it's worth every penny you pay for it. Hope you have some patience though, this game is difficult, really difficult. I beat the final zone after 40 attempts."
,Recommended,247080,18458123,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Blunder Sunder,"Amazing fun - brilliant spin on the roguelike formula and I honestly can't think of anything bad to say about it - everything about the mechanics, feel, graphics and audio is a delight. I'm only on the second chapter so still a total beginner, can't wait to take down the rest of the bosses!"
76561198087435307,Recommended,247080,18462039,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,NintendoPlayerSega,"Ever wanted to listen to some of your favorite tunes while also occasoinally raging at a game? Well then Crypt of the Necrodancer is for you! As a rouge-like rhythm game with RPG elements, the game is a blast to play through. However, as  I said, this game is no joke. Learning to get used to moving during the song's rhythm is already hard enough but having to deal with enemies at the same time will have you make sure you're paying attention, as it is easy to get lost in what's happening. The first 2 zones of th game are good at easing you into the game without things getting too crazy. That all changes when you reach the third and fourth zones which contain enemies with special movement and attack patterns that will make sure you remember what they do. The third and fourth zones also show a problem with the game. The layout of the levels and the enemies can sometimes be overwhelming and sometimes unfair, but not enought to the point where you'll want to rage quit. The variety of items that can be obtained in the game while not as high as games like Binding of Isacc: Rebirth, is still rather high and also plays a good role in how a zone run can play out for you. Also, the song generator is so much fun to use. Each song has it's own speed and can be adjusted if one thinks its either too slow or too fast. There's also a level editor that allows usage of all the game's assets and can these levels can also be submitted to the Steam Workshop. One more thing, aside from dungeons, the mod community for this game is massive! Mods for the game were even made during the game's beta and are still being made even to this day. Crypt of the Necrodancer, while not the most forgiving game, is one of the most enjoyable rhythm games out there if you like those kinds of games in addition to rouge-like games."
,Recommended,247080,18460844,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Scout's_Rebellion,"Don't let the cute sprites and dancing fool you, this game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥ However, that is what made the game interesting for me. I liked the fact that the game was challenging. It's a unique combo of a rouge-like dungeon crawler with a rhythm aspect; you have to move on the beat of the song. The soundtrack is phenomanal and the story is a great touch as well, it's  a 10/10 game."
,Recommended,247080,18454433,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Peachy2648,">Gets game>Finishes Zone 4 after about a week>""Hey, this isn't actually too difficult!"">Tries Zone 1 with a proper dancemat>HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DO MY LEGS WORKAll in all, 10/10 would play impromptu twister again."
,Recommended,247080,18784517,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,takku,Wow so worth.
,Recommended,247080,15692565,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Istauri,"All in all a really well designed game. More of my friends need to hurry up and have a play.Even if rhythm games aren't normally your cup of tea, a few friends of mine have had lots of fun all the same, there's an alternative character who changes the game to a more rogue-like 'enemies move as you do' mode for the rhymically-challenged.While I'm growing seriously tired of pixel art, the style in this game is consistent and has plenty of small details; definitely a good stylistic choice rather than laziness. Each enemy's unique little groovy moves are just so satisfyingly adorable it almost makes up for their less than adorable hospitality.It gets pretty damned challenging as you progress also, I'm currently getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked at the boss of zone 4 but I'll get there.Local co-op also works pretty well, I only wish there was online multiplayer (granted the potential latency might make that a no-go).Also yes, there are a lot of puns..."
76561198099755461,Recommended,247080,15694237,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Stumbly Slumberstein,Innovation at it's finest
,Recommended,247080,15713546,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Abenson,Perfect unification of the rhythm game the roguelike genre. Everything just comes together so naturally.
76561198023047583,Recommended,247080,15715126,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ScarletCeladon,It's very cool!!
76561198023115688,Recommended,247080,15728478,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kit Ulf,"Warning: This game is addicting.With that out of the way, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a pretty brillant concept. Dungeon crawler meets rhythm game. the customization of this game as well as randomly generated dungeons make for excellent replayability.It's modding capabilities are easy to learn, so if you want to put in your own artwork/custom character, it is easily attained with very pleasing results. There is also the ability to publish the mods directly from the game. which is indeed handy.The custom music is fun and very easy to add. It does not, however, allow you to access your iTunes library, which would be a nice touch. Custom music counts as ""modding"" so for you achievement hunters out there, you have to go with the in game music, which in it's own right, is amazing.The game allows for people to learn at their own pace and practice. It's tutorials are a breath of fresh air when compaired to the modern day drag you by the nose tutorials.TL;DR:This game is a well executed, customizable, additicting game that should be part of your library."
,Recommended,247080,15728703,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Codebracker,"A rhythm-rougelike game that is incredibly fun to play.Besides being a rougelike game, it doesn't give you time to think your next move, because every move you make is bound to the beat of the dungeon, which features the catchiest soundtrack ever.This creates a mixture of strategic jumping, frantc battles and trying to smack your enemies around to the beat (which is surprising satisfying, though might get you into trouble if you aren't carefull).The mmucis is really good, and besides it there are two more soundtracks for two characters, if you wanted more (one is synth remix and the other is a heavy metal version, for the harder charcters).There is a handfull of other characters you can play, some play difrent, but most are just plain harder to play, for those who want some aditional chalenge (and most of them are relatives of the main character Cadence and have music-pun names).The enemies are unique and well designed, you can easily tell what kind of enemy is approaching you, and as you play, you wil get used to knowing what enemy is behind you just by their sound.The shopkeeper is a retired badass like in most rougelikes, but also happens to be an opera (shopera) singer, which is really usefull as you can her him across the level, signaling how close to the shop you are. If you manage to kill him you get a bling crown that doubles all your coin drops, but his gost might come to avenge him in later levels.If you like to play rougelikes to the beat this is the game for you (and if you don't want to be rushed, play as bard and play the turns as slowly as you want, while still enyoing the awesome music)."
,Recommended,247080,15513333,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,PhantomTissue™,"Its a lot of fun, but Its so rediculously hard... I cant beat most bosses, minibosses, and a large portion of enemies because I SUCK, but yea, its an easy game to pickup and play."
,Recommended,247080,11823883,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Rizzle,"This game was an enjoyable, well-polished title the whole time in early access-- 50+ hours played before the game would see completion. The additional content and level of polish dropped on me upon release was eye-popping. This game will be remembered right alongside Spelunky and Isaac as a roguelike/lite game-changer. I could not be more pleased with the result and I cannot recommend its purchase enough at this or any price.10/10-- Endless challenge, endless variety, endless singing shopkeepers."
,Recommended,247080,15702709,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Fortune,ayy baby lemme boogie and get dat phat lewt
,Recommended,247080,12011076,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Llama,♥♥♥♥ YOU NECRODANCER♥♥♥♥ING HARD AS♥♥♥♥♥♥BUY THIS IF YOU WANT TO SUICIDE
,Recommended,247080,15859326,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Continuities,"NecroDancer is fantastic. The roguelike/rhythm mashup works far better than it has any right to. Monsters move in predicable patterns, and moving to the beat (without missing a step) earns you a gold multiplier that helps you gear up. It's a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,247080,15859676,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,The Dreamer,Just play it. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,247080,15861759,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,It takes Two to Mango,One of my favorite games that has music that mixes it perfectly with its game.
,Recommended,247080,15885582,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Subway Addiction,"Dude,Its one of those game where your brain want to stop playing butyour heart keeps on pumping with the rhythm and your fingers dancing to the beat.10/10 will try letting the monkey molest cade...eh....umm....i mean die to the music! again!"
76561197970792099,Recommended,247080,15885877,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Gargan,"Rhythm / Dance games, and roguelikes. Those two game genres have on the surface very little to do with each other, but it appears they work together wonderfully. Necrodancer is a fantastic game. I have a long history with roguelikes but not with rhythm games, and until I started playing this one I considered myself rhythm deaf. Playing is a lot easier than I thought it would be, though, and really addictive. I still suck but that doesn't stop me from having loads of fun."
76561197979723166,Recommended,247080,15895537,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Zardu Hasselfrau,Amazing game!
,Recommended,247080,15886604,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Rumi,Great idea and execution but lacking in the content part. It's a roguelike but every run is so alike.At the time of the review it only recently got out of early access so maybe this'll improve later. (18th of may 2015)
,Recommended,247080,15902065,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Azapa,It's been a long while since I enjoyed fresh game play combined with fun and challenge.Playing to the rhythm while thinking quickly about how everything moves is so fun once you get it going :)Give this a try if you can!
,Recommended,247080,15877904,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Stexe,"Not only one of the best rogue-likes of all time, but one of the best games of all time. It rewards skill, tactics, and strategy with the ability to directly see your personal growth. Amazing players can in theory beat the game the first time playing simply because there is no silly grind or requirement to unlock content to be better.My only complaint is tying the story to Aria's unforgiving gameplay, specifically the fact you die if you miss a single beat. Would have much preferred that they split that feature into another character and left Aria simply as a ""one hit die with no weapon upgrade"" character. Having the full story only actually experienced by <2% of the population is a shame.Outside of that minor quibble the only thing they could do to make the game better would be adding more content -- which I can only hope they do in an expansion!"
76561198027174874,Recommended,247080,15660453,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Captain Buggy The Immortal,"I bought this game at the recommendation of a close friend who's opinion I value highly when it comes to video games. I had not heard of this game,  had not been aware of it's development, it's premise, or any other pertinent information which would sway my opinion- this was purchased soley on word of mouth- how fitting a game with an esthetic which is old school be purchased based on the original hype machine- a friend telling me it's cool.I've lost many hours to this game. It is both wonderful and terrible in that I cannot stop playing until I absolutely must- and sometimes I dont even stop there. The simple idea of a beat based dungeon crawler is elegent in it's simplicity- all you need is access to a direction pad on your keyboard and the ability to keep tempo and your adventure is about to begin.The music is fun to listen to and incredibly easy to bob your head to- which not only adds to my enjoyment of the game, but also helps me play- I hope I'm not the only one. On top of this, the game is fun and addicting as well- finding new secrets, new weapons, and new ways to play through new characters all create a completely unique and immersive experience.If you like dungeon crawlers, if you like old school graphics, and incredible soundtracks you can't miss with this one. Don't like the music in it? Just use your MP3s to create your own soundtrack and all of a sudden the options are endless. I cannot recommend this game enough- and I hope you like it as well."
,Recommended,247080,15691590,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Evan,Addictive!
,Recommended,247080,15539957,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Czaros,"If you like rogue-like games: BUY IT!If you like rhythm games: BUY IT!If you like games with great soundtrack: BUY IT!If you like great games in general: BUY IT!It's a unique concept of exploring dungeons to the rhythm and it works perfectly. With a nice, retro visual style, an amazing soundtrack by Danny Baranowsky (Super Meat Boy, Binding of Isaac). It's difficult but very addictive.GO BUY IT NOW!"
76561197985949767,Recommended,247080,15221838,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Kirraw,"Now, THAT is an example of brillant Game Design. Simple concept, but brutal efficiency !Musics are awesome, the gameplay is really smooth, and the number of features show a great deal of love from the devs.Just impressive...Update for official release : Even more awesomeness ! A must buy !"
,Recommended,247080,15541086,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Deadpool,<3
,Recommended,247080,15541510,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,SinBin,"This game is absolutely amazing! It is a combination of rogue-like dungeon crawling, chess, and DDR. The enemies have specific attack patterns based on the blocks surrounding them. All weapons also have specific attack patterns like you have in chess. All of this is mixed in with the rogue-like procedurally generated levels and permadeath.All of this is mixed in with an awesome soundtrack. This game deserves my money just for the music.To add to the challenge you have to move around the dungeon while following the beat... very difficult at first but so rewarding!Must buy!"
76561197962849418,Recommended,247080,15542093,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Mr Scorpio,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,247080,15542343,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Holistic Missile,So good.
,Recommended,247080,15542429,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Gummy Gums,"Incredibly challenging because if you don't follow with the time then enemies will tear you apart, and you are forced to move very quickly. Many times I've stupidly fallen into traps because there was so much pressure and you only have ~1 half second to make a move, at least in the second world. Very fun though, and the music is really catchy."
,Recommended,247080,15542936,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Alpha Kong,"I bought this game in Early Access and loved it a ton. Now with its final polish, I can say that without a doubt, this is one of the best indie games out there today. Its a quick game to pick up and play between doing things, while its fun mechanics tend to make it extremely addicting, so you can easily drop three or fours hours into one session of playing this game. All of the zones have unique enemies and functionality, and the boss variety is superb. Add a bunch of characters to mess around with, and two of those characters having alternate soundtracks (correction: BADASS alternate soundtracks) and you have one hell of a game. Also you can use your own music, which is fantastic."
,Recommended,247080,15543561,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Stubbs15,"This game isn't very long. Usually this would be a problem.Good luck getting through the game in one go, it's intense.There are four zones in total, each follows a pattern of threenormal dungeon levels and then finishes off with a boss level.The bosses in the first three zones are randomly selectedfrom a pool of bosses, each with a unique style and song.This game may be frustrating at times, but you will alwayscome back for more. There are many characters to play,and each one brings a new element to the game.The character, Bard, doesn't follow the rules and allows youto take your turn when you are ready. Start there if youare having problems as you can form strategies to defeatenemies on your own time, then come back to play on theirs.TL;DR: This game is awesome. If you are a fan of Rogue-likes,dungeon crawling, or music. You will enjoy this to some degree."
,Recommended,247080,15545720,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Theef,Sacrificed a minotaur on the altar. 11/10
76561197995652048,Recommended,247080,15545840,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,HappyEngineer,Fantastic example of mixing genres to create something great.
,Recommended,247080,15545904,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Dark_Reaper115,Bought it back during the NecroThon tournament. Best $15 in many years. The game has evolved so much so far. Downloading it right now to FINALLY face Zone 4. :D
,Recommended,247080,15546054,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,phyrexica,It's pretty challening and gives that old school gaming feel but with a twist. I recommend it.
76561198042471747,Recommended,247080,15546290,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,wildfire,This is a fantastic rhythmic rougelike with tons of content and difficulty. i highly recomend this game.
,Recommended,247080,15546609,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TheNamGam,"Delightfully different take on the Rogue-like genre. Movement and combat can be difficult to get into originally, but once you get into the ""groove"" of things you will find a wonderfully intuitive combat system that makes you feel like you are in fact dancing as you kill monsters. Don't be surprised if you find yourself rhythmically bobbing to the awesome soundtrack in the heat of the  moment."
76561197995221184,Recommended,247080,15546670,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,taiyou473,"Wow I was not expecting to like this as much as I do. I was just looking for something to pass the time between other things but it's a little adicting (haven't played all that much so far but the songs keep getting stuck in my head as well XD).It's a bit of a weird mixture, but it's a fun and challenging game and the polish shows."
,Recommended,247080,11485364,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Oatway,"I haven't even played an hour of this, and I'm hooked already.Punishing, but fair. Very punishing, but very fair.You owe it to yourself to get this game."
,Recommended,247080,16935590,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Zest,"I am posting this in the glow of victory after beating it. SO MANY TRIES TO CULMINATE IN GLORIOUS VICTORY!This game is all about strategy, intelligence, and rhythm.Defeat will happen, but you don't blame the game, you just pick up the controller and try again. So many games leave you screaming. ""CHEAP!"" when you die, but not here. The defeats are all you, but that makes the victory SO MUCH BETTER.My reaction to the few seconds before winning and then immediatly afterwards is EXACTLY as markiplier shows while playing a different game. GLORIOUS. I LOVE CRYPT OF THE NECRODANCER. (Check the youtube link, buy Crypt of the necrodancer, and feel that glorious feeling)https://youtu.be/s5GfhGFVCFE?t=9m16s"
76561197996526397,Recommended,247080,16935668,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Shaiatan,"It's probably bad that after a few hours of playing this, I find myself doing things in real life in time with whatever music happens to be on at the moment...That said, fantastic game.  Think Binding of Isaac + a rhythm component.  Gameplay videos don't really do it justice, particularly since you can sub in your own MP3's for the levels.  I haven't tried the dance pad (mostly have played using the keyboard), but could definitely see that being fun."
76561198153784692,Recommended,247080,16837514,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,OmicronAlpha1,Too much time has been given to this game. Can't stop. Pls send halp.
,Recommended,247080,16841498,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Durple,"RPG elelments with a fair difficulty curve, interesting mechanics and excellent music? Yes, please, and thank you, 20 times over."
,Recommended,247080,16850381,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,ramenbrick,10/10 would dance again
,Recommended,247080,16851040,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Rook Lubster,"This is undoubtedly the best game I've played in years. Why didn't this set the internet on fire, it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!"
,Recommended,247080,17213283,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Hexy,I love this game more than words describe
,Recommended,247080,16625208,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,a Mad Scientist,"Firts game be like. Enter the dungeon, see the mobs, rush them and die.Second game be like. Enter the dungeon again, see the mobs, kite them and appear the boss room, see the boss and die.Third game be like. Enter the dungeon again, see the merchant, merchant attacks you, die.Fourth game be like. Enter the dungeon, die again.And this games about to die not more.10/10 would die again."
76561198027816686,Recommended,247080,17177313,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,cvgetsitdone,"You know what......  It's fun, it's awesome, it's casual.  The music though..... EVERYtime I die... I want to hear more."
76561198033215939,Recommended,247080,17182795,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Inappropriate Hug Muffin,RPG meets DDR
,Recommended,247080,18021374,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,JackBNimble,DDR+Dungeon Rogue-like.The shopkeepers... dem pipes tho.Party Hard. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,17951060,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jinhai Steakhouse,Zone 3 is hard as balls.
76561198025037205,Recommended,247080,17953018,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,heywowlookitsme,"I cannot say enough good things about this game. The concept is ingenious- stylishly blend rythm elements into a turn pseudo turn-based dungeon crawler, complete with adorable dancing monsters and one of the most enjoyable soundtracks I have heard from a video game.Combat and movement works really well with the rythm based system- especially since there is a little more leway than in most rythm based games. The game impliments a roughly 60% accuracy threshhold for staying on beat, meaning the game doesnt penalize you for being slightly off the beat. This is somewhat necessary: because the game throws so much at you (especially in the later levels), managing the traps, monsters and staying on beat at the same time would be too much for new players.The levels are procedurally generated, which means that you will never play the same map twice (any dungeon crawler that doesnt include this feature should be uninstalled immediately)The monsters and environments are really vibrant and unique- The boss battles really feel epic and stand apart from one another (Its not just a bigger or more powerful version of monsters you have already faced)The sheer number of items in the game bring meaningful variety to how you approach different enemies, and keep the game fresh.Overall, this has quickly become one of my favorite games and I just cant stop telling people about it."
76561198109371379,Recommended,247080,17995985,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Governor Derosa,10/10 would dance again
,Recommended,247080,17996588,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,TangledAlmond,Absolutely fantastic.
76561198048491800,Recommended,247080,18146945,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,mspryakhin,Dance! Dance for me!!!
,Recommended,247080,21185469,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ur awesome,I haven't had this much fun since Patapon!
76561197984794526,Recommended,247080,21275433,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,aurora1589,"Fans of rhythm games and dungeon crawlers rejoice!!! I grabbed this one out of curiosity because it looked interesting. I figured it'd be either really really good, or really really bad. Luckily this is the better of the two, I highly recommend it to anyone. Fully customizable, it supports mods and allows you to put in your own soundtracks. People who like fast music, beware!!! They have an option to let you play the song at half speed too though. They did it all here :)"
,Recommended,247080,21312572,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,The Slugger,"After my time of playing this game, I have to reccomend it due to the endless customization and HUGE amount of content and playstyles available.However, I cannot reccomend this game to you if you can't keep a beat or don't enjoy rhythm games, as a majority of the game's characters and mechanics revolve around moving on the beat. If you need to buy this game for some reason, you can play as the Bard, who doesn't need to move to the rhythm, but every other character needs you to move on the beat to be optimal.Reccomended for: Fans of Rhythm Games and RoguelitesNot Reccomended for: People not interested in Rhythm-based games."
,Recommended,247080,21288426,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Swoodivarius,Just buy it
,Recommended,247080,21288697,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Swan Ronson,This game takes all the things I love and combines them into a perfect blend of awesome. I have only good things to say about it.
76561198006645019,Recommended,247080,21284285,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,darnth,"Played a bit with a controller, thought its interesting but pretty weird. Plugged in old PS dance mat -> GENIUS!"
,Recommended,247080,21284339,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Glitch,"this game is loads of fun if you are a lover of 8-bit, music, dungeons and gold!it's kind of a new spin on music based games. it can be pretty difficult to get used to the beats while moving around.i enjoy the ability to mod this game and use your own music!i personally have my fursona as the sprite i use; created by Trina!10/10 would skeleton dance again."
,Recommended,247080,21284567,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Adsel,"Picking up this game on a roguelike binge, the first time I sat down to play lasted about 20 minutes.  The rhythm movement felt like a kind of limp wristed gimmick to the kind of challenge I wanted.  Figuring I could just pause movement and bait enemies, I managed to make this game pretty boring early on.Months later, I pick it back up, telling myself I am going to max my multiplier or die trying.  Then I found an obsidian weapon.  Then found out about the music customs.  If you haven't whipped a jazz octopus to death to ""X Gon Give It to Ya""  then you will probably die sad and alone.""Yea sure""out of 5."
76561198023927853,Recommended,247080,21307944,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Bascule,"Excellent game. A roguelike where you must move on each beat of the music. Every game would be completable with perfect play, so you only die when you screw up. Unlike many games, I don't find failure in necrodancer frustrating; it's always my fault, and I can usually learn something to make my play better next time."
,Recommended,247080,21247290,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BlackMan_Slayer69,"Game is good, beat is good, but enemy at level 3 beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me so hard that it made dark soul gameplay looks like baby play.... :( 10/10 would get rekt again"
76561198070051586,Recommended,247080,15734842,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Thundersmack Legend,"I first really saw this game in a stream held by Familyjules7x, who made the alternate metal soundtrack to the game. That stream was the day before the game's release, and I decided I'd pick up the game the next day when it came out. best decision ever. I've currently spent about 40 hours playing this game so far, and I intend to continue playing. It's a great roguelike, it had an amazing soundtrack, and it's just loads of fun to play. It even has loal co-op. 10/10, no joking, buy this game."
,Recommended,247080,23899617,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sfullez,Got killed by a dancing shopkeeper.Twice.10/10
,Recommended,247080,23889433,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Il Grande Prete,Fun and addictive
,Recommended,247080,23882851,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,raspberrykraken,It seems pretty straight forward with some great jamming toons. Totally worth playing through with all the soundtracks it comes with and you can even add your own music! 10/10
,Recommended,247080,23876106,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Fenix_Hero,I picked up this game during the summer sale and decided to play it for the first time on stream. This game is....FREAKING AMAZING! I wish I got this game sooner; it is so good. The soundtrack is amazing and find myself bobbing my head to the beat and it provides quite the challenge too. I love rogue-likes and the addition of the beat and music is GREAT! GET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,247080,24874749,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Superdude4567,The only game where the tempo is also the difficulty.
,Recommended,247080,23620868,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Schneien,"A super fun dugeon crawler thats extremely addictive and fun, and also super fun with a friend.and yes, the music in the trailers for this game is how it sounds in game!"
,Recommended,247080,23630958,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Golly,"It's hard to get how to play it, but totally worth it. Playing this while listening master of puppets, stayin' alive, shake your booty, the trooper or even mini mini taur song its nice! And mod's are awesome too! Legend of Zelda mod for nostalgic people and fans, I recommend that too!"
76561198046115848,Recommended,247080,23715970,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kingsmainman,"You go through the first zone. You smile, but you're still lukewarm on the game. It's a rhythm game crossed with a dungeon crawler, is it? Oh, no, not a dungeon crawler- a ""roguelike."" How cute. It's a nice idea, sure, and the music and soundtrack are good. Lords knows you've made worse purchases. But if this is all it is in difficulty, then this game's probably going to get stale quickly.Then at Zone 2, you meet the first skeletons that can randomly summon gusts of winds to push you around. The smile begins to fade. What was before a simple dungeon crawl gimmick is now something like trying to play a Wii dance game with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ roommate occasionally pulling the rug out from under you.At Zone 3, you get the charcoal and ice spots, along with some incredibly annoying little gremlins. This is now Wii dance with an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ roommate and his rug, a half-dozen gnats buzzing around you, and an occasional rock thrown at you by your other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ roomates every time you miss a step. The smile is gone. This game is no longer cute.Then you get to Zone 4. Enemies hit like a truck. Items are only ever of ancillary help. Everything really depends on your capacity to evaluate positions, single and draw out enemies, and never allow yourself to get hit.And you have to do it all in rhythm.You begin to understand that that ""roguelike"" title isn't just there for show.♥♥♥♥ Zone 4, 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,23701803,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","One of my favorite indies of all time. It's essentially a math game in disguise, but I'll be damned if this isn't one of the greatest aesthetic disguises ever. I've played it too much to the point where I genuinely, unconsciously walk to the beat of my own music now.If I ever take dancing lessons, you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥I'd bring a torch and a shovel."
76561198014898179,Recommended,247080,14959924,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,MrCakeMan14,Soundtrack made from the same guy who did the original binding of isaac ost (It's amazing). Lots of variety in items. Tedious ways of unlocking content. Different playable characters. Addictive. 1 life. GET THIS GAME.
,Recommended,247080,14966116,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,kelly.,The game brings a nice sort of spin on a rogue-like game. You really have to think about what move you make next and that's a nice aspect of the game. The music is great and you can play it over and over again without really getting bored.
76561198067042503,Recommended,247080,15393606,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,CubeMatz,Sometimes I play with Bard so I think I am good at this game.Best Game ever 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,247080,15494209,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,TheMcRaezy,"By far the best rouge-like game i've ever played, the sound track is amazing 1000/10 -Amazing"
,Recommended,247080,15495893,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Xelnath,"Fun, witty, rhythmic. I loved this game."
,Recommended,247080,15496295,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[KwZ],"This game is insane and addictive. It can look very hard the first tries but once you learn the mechanics it's extremely fun. It's just so much fun and the music it's super catchy, not a big fan of the music? Not a problem, change it to your own. Looking forward for the full version release."
,Recommended,247080,15505831,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,קï Cheese,"Why not man, why the hell not?"
,Recommended,247080,15506249,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Di,I started writing a long essay about how good that game is but each second you spend reading reviews is one second less you'll be able to play the game so stop reading and click that buy button.
76561198050698566,Recommended,247080,15506258,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ฝรั่งโจววว,"If Darksouls and Dance Dance Revolution had a child,It would be this game."
,Recommended,247080,15506608,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dooldeen,"Cute, cool, catchy, and has full dance mat support."
,Recommended,247080,15507068,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Stirfryed,I can't wait to see what the speed run community is going to do with this game!!9/10 great game since alpha.I'd give 10 if i still had a usb DDR pad :(
,Recommended,247080,15507536,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Chocolate,"I very rarely review, but I must admit, CotND is one of the most charming little rogue-like dance games I've played. and I recommend picking it up and giving it a try today."
76561197995598358,Recommended,247080,15507722,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ardent Wight,"Even in its early access state, this game was an absolute steal!If you like rogue-likes, you'll be hard-pressed to find a game more enthralling or satisfying."
76561198008924527,Recommended,247080,15507852,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Verreauxi,Why are you reading the reviews? Get the game already.
76561197975552152,Recommended,247080,15507960,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Max the Grape,Perform epic feats by moving your feets to the sound of the beats.Do you like Music and can keep Tempo? Buy this game.Can't keep tempo? This game will make you learn or die trying.
76561198101963252,Recommended,247080,15508238,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,-F00L-]V[eT@L-,"The NecroDancer has stolen MY heart, and I might just let him keep it."
,Recommended,247080,15508401,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Schattenstolz,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing on full release10/10
,Recommended,247080,15509304,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Lord Shank,Easily my favorite game available on steam. 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15509481,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Enagan,"It was an excelent game before release, and not it's even better and complete! The soundtrack is amazing and the controls are on point. If you have any interest in ryhtm games, give this a try!"
76561198071506181,Recommended,247080,15510031,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,qeltoid,YES.SO MUCH YES.
,Recommended,247080,13459711,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,JFBount,This game is almost TOO much fun. Not to mention it has one of THE BEST soundtracks you'll get out of a video game this year!
,Recommended,247080,13551294,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,E3kHatena,"As someone without rhythm, I honestly have no idea what I expected."
,Recommended,247080,13553781,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,silverEEPS,"Playing whilst listening to quirky music or custom music, great joy will be placed in your soul. Watching your replay on ludicrous speed is the best thing ever"
76561198086695585,Recommended,247080,13562258,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,gfero.16,really awesome and fun game worth every penyalso i love the shop keeper xDD
,Recommended,247080,13562665,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Insane,"love the game, love the music, love the combination!"
76561198054550180,Recommended,247080,13511544,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Professor Pizza,What DDR should have been.
,Recommended,247080,11500534,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,CJ The Expert,"It's just another turn based dungeon-crawler. Except that this time, you don't dictate when a turn is, the music does. No time to mull over your choices, the fast pace pushes you onward, only to dash your hopes against a skeleton (or, more embarassingly, a slime). The simple, four button countrol scheme is somehow turned into movement, attack, magic, and inventory in a way that isn't at all confusing, surprisingly. And it's hella fun.Great rougelike, definitely worth the cash. Hard as nails, but in a less frustrating way. Thankfully, you can watch a replay of your run, and see EXACTLY where you messed up. Very helpful. The music is far above what you might expect. And you can replace it with your own, if that tickles your fancy.9/10. Only thing keeping it from being a 10/10 is that it's not done yet."
,Recommended,247080,13559832,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Calkos,This game rocks my♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561198025326750,Recommended,247080,13560153,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Honsu,I nornally don't like rythme games cause I'm not very good at them but this one is just fantastic since it has the cool dugeon crawling aspect to it.
76561198006745609,Recommended,247080,14253270,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Cyclone Jack,"Very entertaining game with a great soundtrack (and inspiring vocals).  If you like rhythm games and rogue-likes, then I would recommend picking this up, as it combines the two quite well.  Most of the game revolves around moving to the beat of the music while defeating a wide variety of enemies, all of which have their own movement patterns that you need to figure out.  Levels get progressively more difficult, and the boss fights are fun and creative.There are also a number of other characters to unlock and play as, each of which has their own style of play.  One character dies as soon as he touches gold, which forces you to rethink how/where you kill enemies (since they all drop gold), another character is not bound by the constrainst of the music (free move), while another is a pacificst and cannot attack enemies at all.  Each of these, and more, bring with them their own challenges, and keep the game interesting."
76561198025010004,Recommended,247080,14261165,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Suit Sage,"Absolutely great game.  If you enjoy rogue-likes and have even a sense of rhythm, you'll love this game.  You have to move on the beat to the song, so you have to be constantly planning and looking ahead as you go.  The enemy design is great and the music is amazing (which is good since you'll hear it so much).  Game is still in beta and there will be a 4th zone added in later, but I've still had so much fun from it.  Highly recommend."
76561198119436152,Recommended,247080,13977313,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,MegzaGal148,"I love rhythm games with a passion, i'm alwasye looking for new rhythm games that have a new idea, new playstyle behind the,. Crypt of the NecroDancer is perfect for that. A dungeon RPG based off rhythm for movement and attacking. A great combination of teo great game genres. Absolutely amazing. Take it from me, and all the other amazing reviews that this game is AMAZING! And it's still an early access. Very impressive. If you like RPGs or rhythm based games, and want a game that differs from the basic idea and plot you can find anywhere and everywhere, get Crypt of the NecroDancer."
76561198141387864,Recommended,247080,13889163,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Empyrean,"You will find that in art and etertainment, it is not uncommon for someone to compare fighting to dancing. This game takes that idea literally, and the result is some of the most fun I've ever had in gaming. The gameplay is simply a joy to play."
,Recommended,247080,14044230,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Hambed_Burgerman,Such a great game with a pretty neat concept behind it.
76561198125588154,Recommended,247080,14035232,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,"Shaco, the Fateless Claptrap","This game is very hard to review. There are so many things that i love and hate about this game. The sad thing is all the things i hate can be justified by me being bad at rythem games. So i can recommend this to people who like rythem games, but if you want a rouge like dungeon crawler then set sights to other things. I mean it is a good rough game, but there are many out there that are just better in that aspect. The other sad thing is that once you run out of items to unlock the game loses some of its meaning. So basically you collect gems to unlock items in your hub. The only thing is there are limited items you can buy. I collected all the unlockable items by getting my face blasted of by the red dragon. Trough tears and grit i manged to get all the unlockables. Then i ran out of things to unlock, and i wasn't done with the game. Then i stopped playing it was no longer worth it. I don't want to waste hours of tryign to figure out everyones moves just to finish the game, but now i'm just rambling. In short good game, but it failed to hold my interest. It was just good enough that i still give it good review"
,Recommended,247080,14037199,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Kusgras,"Follow the beat or die, it's hard as hellBut it's so worth it, you are going to experience a different game9/10Fantastic"
,Recommended,247080,13987292,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Johnson Stank Dankia,"This game had a huge learning curve for me. I'm probably still on that curve, but I'm getting better. No matter how many times I've died, though, I love it even more. It's my favorite game now and I haven't even beaten the first zone. Stupid King Conga smacked me down this last run.This game might be hard if you can't really keep beat. Or it might teach you how to keep a beat. Either way, you should buy it. Spend the extra 10 bucks for the soundtrack while you're at it. It's totally worth it."
,Recommended,247080,13679513,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kess,"Do you like RPG's? Do you like Music Rhythm games? If yes, then you will love Crypt of the NecroDancer!"
76561197989003720,Recommended,247080,13967569,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,instinctivelyanthrocentric,"This game is just amazing. I know I just got it, but I've been watching people play this game for a long time and I haven't found anything to disappoint me. (Well, maybe I'd like Cadence to talk more, but that's no big deal.) Anyways, this game is absolutely worth the fifteen dollars they're asking for it. I'm glad for my purchase. You will be too."
76561198067112780,Recommended,247080,14158788,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Alfreton,It's like Patapon. But more fun. Just buy it. Please.
76561197961648488,Recommended,247080,23996714,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BVBenny09,"Great idea and awesome soundtrack! I love the singing shop keepers :D really funny!Not so easy after only 2 hours played, a lot of fun.(I would appreciate to get a few more diamonds though)In case you are not sure whether you like it or not, watch some yotube videos before buying it.(Got it from the summer sale, worth all the 374 cents.)You only need one hand to play it, almost relaxing - if it wasn't that demanding :)"
,Recommended,247080,23999721,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,trevis,why am i scrolling through my friend's list at the beat of crypteque
,Recommended,247080,23999195,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ashtrail,"I've only played for a pretty short time yet. I was hesitating to buy this game, then finally decided not to, but later realizing the soundtrack was from Danny Baranowsky bought it on sale.For the moment I'm having a great time, the music is awesome (even more when the shopkeeper kicks in) and once you get used to the beats and the gameplay concept it's really super fun.I definitly recommand this to people who enjoy fun roguelikes, music and disco-opera singing sellers."
76561198042036746,Recommended,247080,23969973,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,sipfried,i only need 2 words to discribe this game.SINGING SHOPKEPERthats all you need to know this game is great
,Recommended,247080,23979884,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,=WnA= Novenix,Now anytime I hear music in a game I always keep up with the beat10/10My fingers wont stop moving...
,Recommended,247080,23973083,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ren,Stepmania + Rougelike 10/10
76561198013557709,Recommended,247080,23989405,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Fhyl,"Really original concept, excellent execution, and outstanding soundtrack."
,Recommended,247080,23986655,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Papa Franku,"Don't buy this epic game. You will get stuck in a store listening to the salesman awesome voice, so you will not be able to get nothing done.10/10 Dr.Dre"
,Recommended,247080,13236568,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Coahman,"I didn't think the blend of genres would work, but it is surprisingly really addicting. It has the best parts of dungeon crawlers, without the luxury of thinking through your moves. You have to solve the puzzles quickly. The game is very punishing at first, but extremely rewarding when you get in the groove."
,Recommended,247080,13213539,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,XeroOl,"10/10I know that a rhythm - roguelike game doesn't sound like it would work well, but these things blend wonderfully to make this game amazing. The challenge of the game comes from the rhythm, as it forces you to think quickly. This type of challenge is the most entertaining because every death feels fair. There's a lot of replayability, and the mechanics are simple enough to understand, but impossibly difficult to master. I actually haven't found any placeholder textures/songs, so even though the game is in Alpha, it feels like a full game. My only complaint is that the items need more explanation. (I don't know what each item does, and so I would suggest to incorporate some explanation of the items. (maybe when you purchase it in the lobby)) Other than that, this is the best game ever, and you need to buy it now."
,Recommended,247080,13247922,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,TheElemento158,"Awesome game! I'll admit, when i first got it, it was hard to get into. But now that they updated it a whole bunch, it's a lot more enjoyable to play! If you like rouge-like games and good music to go with it, this is your game!"
76561198038882055,Recommended,247080,13250526,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ultranumbed,"Absolutely love the soundtracks and the mechanics of the game (synchronising your actions with the beat of the soundtracks). I haven't played it much yet, but I can easily see myself dedicating countless of hours towards this game! Definitely worth the $15."
,Recommended,247080,13272603,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[STXR] Star King,"Holy crap! I was extremely surprised with this game. There are so many customizable things and it's super mod friendly. Not to mention you can play seeded runs. Wow. First off, it's a rogue like dungeon crawler with a unique take on rhythm gaming. It's fun and super accesible to any skillgroup. The developers are super involved in the game, and it's nice to see they really care about their product. I've seen them pop up from time to time on CobaltStreak's stream on Twitch. Wow, overall great game. 10/10"
,Recommended,247080,13265753,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Atara,"Even in its current Early Access state, Crypt of the NecroDancer is an extremely fun albeit challenging game. By far the most outstanding aspect of the game is the excellent soundtrack, which I would recommend purchasing in addition to the game. The art is also quite nice, featuring a colorful, beautifully-animated pixel style. The gameplay is fun, addicting, and challenging. You get used to only moving on the beat very quickly. However there is a steep learning curve in understanding how to conquer each enemey, especially when you are using the default dagger as your main weapon. Thankfully, it is possible to train against specific enemies from the lobby screen.  The game does employ a rogue-like perma-death mechanic. However, I did not find this too frustrating, because after each death, the player accumulates gems that can be used to purchase permanent upgrades that persist through all of your subsequent replays. This helps the player feel like they are making progress even when they are repeatedly failing on a level.All in all, an extremely fun, addicting game with a wonderful soundtrack!"
,Recommended,247080,13143039,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,LunaBoy,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is very unique game. Did you ever think about the game that mixture of rythm game and dungeon crawler? I didn't. It's completely new system. You have to control the character to the music. And monsters act to the music of course. Moreover, this game has feature of rogue-like style. Various weapons, armors and magic spells are wating. It's not done yet. Soundtrack is GORGEOUS. It's so catchy and exciiting.In conclusion, this game is incredibly fun and highly recommended."
,Recommended,247080,18050663,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Archina,"An amazingly fun game that has modes and characters for all levels of skill. You can play as a passive girl who stuns enemies and avoids bosses all the way up to a devil that gets a game over for something as simple as skipping a beat or picking up gold. Normally I'm not a major fan of true rouge-like games but this game simplifies it to the point where playing to ther beat feels so good. The soundtracks are pretty nice, too."
76561197996420524,Recommended,247080,18603516,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Banksy,"I play this with my dance pad, and it works out pretty well!"
76561198328176679,Recommended,247080,30578313,Posted: 17 March,all,jumpy652,Solid game
76561198039624513,Recommended,247080,18634703,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Nevix,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is FUN. It combines the move by move strategy of a roguelike dungeon crawler with fast paced quick decision making to the beat of the music.Each move is a beat of the song, and each beat has the enemies moving after the player. Some enemies move every other beat, some on other intervals, ranging from 1 to 4 beats. Each enemy and boss is unique, and all take strategy to defeat.The music is a lot of fun, and Danny Baranowsky really made a great soundtrack that fits the game.I highly recommend Crypt of the Necrodancer."
76561197985764354,Recommended,247080,18633722,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,chlrsn,"While a ""rhythm roguelike"" would seem to alienate fans of both genres, Necrodancer manages to blend these mechanics for a wondrous and addictive experience."
76561198028615865,Recommended,247080,18650818,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,it's good
,Recommended,247080,18650118,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Saaausage,Do you like roguelikes? Do you like dancing? No? PLAY THIS GAME!!! I never used to like either of those things and now I love them! Download the music somehow then walk down the street with your phone in your pocket at full volume! BUY THIS GAME!!!
76561198138265661,Recommended,247080,15573816,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,OokiiKuma,"Let me get this off the bat, I SUCK AT RHYTHM GAMES and I would normally put this game down, but something about it always pulled me back.  The game *obviously* has an amazing soundtrack, quirky graphics, and almost non-existent story other than getting to the end to defeat THE NECRODANCER.  The thing I like a lot about this game is how it tests your rhythm to see if you are skilled or not too much, this makes things a lot easier for people who aren't good at rhythm games like this game, unlike Rhythm Heaven that forces you to be skilled at rhythm games.  Give it try you might- oh no, that first level music is getting to me, can't...stop...dancing, HELP!"
,Recommended,247080,15573819,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Tremulant,Just hit it's full release date this week and it's sitting around 2600 reviews with 99% positive.Do you need anything else?
76561198095141770,Recommended,247080,15573752,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,King Horse,"Since ancient times the ruling class have kept the proletariat their slaves via religion. In doing so they have made sacrosanct service to kings, to business owners, and to other successful thieves, of varying charitable temperament. And hitherto, the best response to this condition--the response I have been recommending--has been revolution. But this month, I have discovered a new, greater answer to this terrible state of ours, and it is to play Crypt of the NecroDancer.Crypt of the NecroDancer is a “roguelike” in which you tap your keys to the beat. There are items to unlock, and dancing monsters to meet. It is a sublime experience, with an excellent soundtrack; and the game can even use your mp3s. And the boss battles! Well, there is just nothing else out there like them. All for only $15! (less when on sale!) Crypt of the NecroDancer is, I have no doubt, the next step forward for civilization. From the city states and primitive empires, we got Feudalism; from Feudalism we got Capitalism. After Capitalism, Crypt of the NecroDancer.It’s so good.Do you know anyone who was born into an anger-filled family? Does he or she, grown-up, feel sad? Feel broke? And lacks the confidence necessary to take on the world? Crypt of the NecroDancer is what they need.Know a rich man or woman who made risky investments, married for money, and suddenly finds him or herself in debt exceeding 200 million dollars? Does he suffer now from insomnia? Does she now see no value in her relationships, knowing that they were all founded on money? Are the eyes in this person just, dejected? Well, ask if you can use a computer, turn up that volume, and show ‘em the answer. Crypt of the NecroDancer!Do you know someone who went to a private school, majored in philosophy, has over a hundred grand in debt, and can’t get anything but temporary and minimum wage jobs? Tell ‘em to throw away their Epictetus, and get a copy of Crypt of the NecroDancer!Have you been to church lately? Has your pastor asked you to donate to orphans in Africa? Did he show you pictures of the children, with sadness in their eyes, and ragged clothes, homeless? And do you realize well that the 1st world has its debts, and thus will not go nation-building? What should you do? Well, a cheap computer with speakers (such as an old laptop—see the system requirements) with Crypt of the NecroDancer would make a great gift to that starving African kid. The beats would make him popular with the cool kids, for they’d all want to play it. It’d make ‘em forget about the pain, if they have electricity.Some of my fellow philosophers say that mass, cheap entertainments, such as computer games, exist to keep the masses slaving away for their greedy bosses. Instead of going out and living, and pursuing our own dreams, we, the people, are being kept glued to screens, living virtual life, which we pay for and aren’t willing to leave, even convincing ourselves that IT is the true life. These thinkers even claim that major news outlets deliberately depict the world as dangerous and any risky ambitions pointless; and so, my pensive comrades say, we stay in our rooms.What my comrades haven’t seen, though, is Crypt of the NecroDancer. It is THEY who haven’t lived!Workers of the world, unite and play Crypt of the NecroDancer!"
,Recommended,247080,13903664,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,man0fbass,"Great soundtrack, better community. Takes some getting used to, needs practice to get good at.EDIT: HOLY CRAP THIS GAME IS AWESOME. Buy this, now."
76561198124092294,Recommended,247080,15574124,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DeVita7,Love it.
,Recommended,247080,15575059,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,DarkFyre,"This game is brutally unforgiving.  I love everything about it.  The skill cap is so high it's crazy, which is nice because then there is always another goal to reach and always room to improve.  Get it.  Now."
76561198067205294,Recommended,247080,16137428,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,D3niz3n,The most irritatingly enjoyable game I ever played.Obviously addictive.
76561197989302342,Recommended,247080,16098717,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Andrei,"Didn't expect it to be a rhythm-based game. Did not enjoy it at first, but the game grew on me slowly."
,Recommended,247080,12263950,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,AFarCryAway,Groove your way past countless minons of death to a kickin 8-bit soundtrack! CND is a game with surprising amounts of gameplay depth as well as additing rougelike gameplay. I'd reccomend this game to anyone who seeks a challenge and can jump in sync to the fantastic soundtrack!
,Recommended,247080,15759676,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Blackout Roulette,Imagine to combine the Binding of Isaac and Guitar Hero and you have Crypt of the NecroCancer. Must buy for everyone who likes indie games!
76561198041402537,Recommended,247080,15760238,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,OrangBoy,"Oh my goodness, this is possibly one of the best games i have ever played. the music is great, the pixel art is great, and the gameplay is REALLY great. the only think that would make it better is Wilson (hint-hint klei...)!"
76561198046556391,Recommended,247080,15760742,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mr Noodle,Alot of times when you die in a rogue-like you don't want to start over; for some reason in this game you just do!  The music is great the enemies have character and the game plays smooth.  +1
,Recommended,247080,15761180,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,murdm,"Nice game, does not take a lot of time, but gives a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,247080,15763583,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,=NpH= MidnighT-WolF,"Even tho you'll keep dying and dying A LOT, this game is original, addicting and probably has the best soundtrack I heard in years (my fav being the FamilyJules7x metal rendition). Yes the game is hard, but not impossible, you'll learn from your mistakes and progress further and further each time.... until you get to play Aria :P ."
,Recommended,247080,15764745,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Avaritia,This game makes me want to accept the sweet release of death every time I Start a new run. It one of the best games I've played in a long time.♥♥♥♥MyLife/10
76561198143426244,Recommended,247080,16436133,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,KarnageST,Horrifyingly rhythmic!
,Recommended,247080,16363461,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,killtrew,"DJ, give me a phat beat to clear this dungeon with."
76561198069361446,Recommended,247080,16363524,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,numbrale,"This game is funtastic- defintely lives up to all the praise!It is can be quite difficult at times, maybe even a little frustrating, but the sick beats and fun gameplay make it hard to put down.Seriously, this music. I can't not groove to it.I'm not really into rogue games, but I love rhythm ones. If you like either or both, this game belongs in your library.I bought this game on a whim and I'm beyond happy I did. It's the first game in a while that had me instantly hooked!"
,Recommended,247080,16365237,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Winna1980,Extremely fun game!! A 30 minute play will very quickly escalate to a full blown gaming session as you try desperately just to get that bit further & complete the next dungeon. The soundtrack is incredible too! Love it!!
,Recommended,247080,16366588,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Munchiechu,10/10 Been playing it for only one day and I'm already unintentionally doing everything outside the game in rhythm too.
,Recommended,247080,15588346,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,SappFire,Just awesome dungeon crawler!
76561198036268470,Recommended,247080,15591232,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,hotlimit1,"-Hop to the beat of a great original soundtrack, or use your own music to traverse the dungeon and wreck enemies!-Lots of unique items and enemies with an interesting method of progression.-Crammed with content including different characters and several practice stages, so you can master the game's strategy without pressure.This is a brilliant title that stands among the greats of innovative music-driven games like Rez and Patapon. By combining the fundamentals of rogue-likes (perma-death, situational and experienced-based strategy) and Tetsuya Mizuguchi-style synesthesia (Rez, Lumines), NecroDancer provides a brand-new gaming experience that is not only engaging but endlessly addictive. As with any good rogue-like, the game includes enough unique items to discover and new enemy types to plot against to make the game last far beyong a single completion.While the game does include a fantastic soundtrack featuring a great variety of music, one of the game's best features is the ability to customize the soundtrack with your own (MP3-format) music. Using a simple in-game menu to navigate files on your hard drive, you can replace the music for each dungeon floor, boss, and the lobby. A program within the game will automatically find the BPM of your songs, effectively modifying each section of the game to create a unique experience. I would recommend having a listen to the game's original soundtrack a few times, but the custom soundtrack option should not be overlooked."
76561198058848210,Recommended,247080,15750827,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Benevolent pineapple,"Good god... this game is wonderfull, so wonderfull i feel like any attempt to critique it would be sacrilegious.Albeit the learning curve is a little steep, especially every time you get to a new zone. but other then that minor gripe i have no complaints. It's hard but fair, stylish and unique, tons of unlockable content and characters, and so addicting you can binge play it for hours without even realzing it.10/10 games don't exist, but if they did i can't think of a game that better fits the bill then this one."
76561198129794498,Recommended,247080,15751024,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,LeonVenator (Mobius One),Really fun game yet I think it should have online multiplayer thats my only thing I see wrong with it. It is a fun and challenging game and i recommend this to any player who needs to challenge himself or herself.
76561198084046451,Recommended,247080,15751882,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,EternalHunterFox,Funky Fresh beats.
,Recommended,247080,15748770,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,DanSan,"This would merely be just a decent rhythm roguelike for me, if the soundtracks wasn't the entirely amazing pieces of eargasm that has been on loop in my head the past few weeks. Make no mistake that just because I love the music so much that means the game is mediocre, all the little details and care crafted into the game tie it all together into an amazing experience that keeps me in the game, even if I hit a brick wall in progress."
76561198066431992,Recommended,247080,15769857,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Muzzlehatch,Like music? Yes?Like roguelike games? Yes?Then you already own this game! Congratulations!Also the shopkeeper sings in opera style! if you don't own this game what is wrong with you?
76561198038773448,Recommended,247080,15771612,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Morty,"probably one of the best indy games ive played; right up there next to limbo, different genre but same quality, the heavy metal soundtrack conversion is baller too"
,Recommended,247080,12270931,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Jacrispy,This game is so amazing! 10/10
,Recommended,247080,12271136,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,sugarskull,"This game is simply amazing. It is very fun and unlike any other game I have played. In the game's current state, it is very much worth the asking price, even though still in Early Access. I typically get frustrated with endless dying in rogue-like games but for some reason I don't mind dying in this game at all. It's simply so much fun and addicting that I just plow into the next attempt! Excellent soundtrack, too."
,Recommended,247080,12296905,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,AndresOnion,"I like it. Like, a lot."
,Recommended,247080,12336241,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hentai363,Best game this needs to be GOTY.10/10 this game taught me how to dance
,Recommended,247080,12342163,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,King of Miso,"Crypt of the Necrodancer cannot be missed if you enjoy listening to music and have ever tapped your foot to the beat of a song (and would like to combine that with a video game)!The gameplay is amazing. Think turn-based, but the world does not revolve around your character, it revolves around the beat. (So it still feels turn-based but it's.... not. It feels awesome to play if you have an ""internal beat"".)There is an option for classic turn-based gameplay, among other ""game-modes"".+ : great gameplay! great music! creative story premise (not really a storyline... it's a rouguelike)+ : amazing fun to play if you can keep a beat going+ : you can import your own MP3's!- :... And that's where things get iffy for me. On Linux, I cannot import my own MP3's. I load them up and the game immediately ends and my character is killed. I have not researched this issue, however, so there might be an easy fix. I am just too lazy to find said fix and the default music is wonderful.Pick this game up, even at full price.9/10."
,Recommended,247080,12342294,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,battybuddy,"Honestly, two great tastes that go great together. Also, It's kind of amazing that this game is still in ""alpha"" stages given all it's got going for it currently.  And those times when you just want to give some time to think, and the rhythems making it impossible, it's nice to know the bards got your back."
,Recommended,247080,12355886,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,matt.blubaugh,"Crypt of the NecorDancer is absolutely brilliant. It combines fantatic 2D graphics, dungeon crawling and hack and slash with music and rhythm based gameplay. It's a unique gameplay concept that is refrehing regardless of how many times you die. There is a steady sense of progression with item unlocking, and the mechanics of the game are always fair. The game is highly rewarding in its learning curve which requies precise movements and a clear understanding of each enemy's patterns. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,247080,12356879,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Raccoon Friend,"If the fact that Danny Baranowsky composed for this game doesn't push you to purchase, then the nifty ninety-nine percent posotive reviews will certainly leave you curious!Fight monsters to the beat! It's like turn based combat, but it's not! It has a sort of Rouge Legacy feel to it-- every time you die, you are given a chance to go and spend the diamonds you collected before moving on, so that every time you fail you are more likely to suceed. The game is a good challenge and is loads of fun, but just remember that it is still early access. There are tons of monsters and floors to explore and conquer, and the storekeeper will sometimes hum to the music too! It's creatively cool, cleverly crafted, and concocted carefully!"
,Recommended,247080,12314781,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,thegamerschamp,It is such a beautiful game with one of the most amazing soundtracks I've ever heard in video games.
,Recommended,247080,12327044,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,kentoriyama,"Like rhythm games? Like dungeon crawlers? If the answer is yes to both, there is no question you should get this."
76561198120402575,Recommended,247080,12086702,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,sneep100,"Its a wonderful game that deserved to be played.Graphics: Theyre simple, but have a nice style and work well 8/10Soundtrack: One of the best soundtracks EVER 5/5Fun: A bit repitive at times, but overall, pretty fun 12/15Replayablity: Randomness gives this game LOADS of it. 15/15Variety: All the different items give this game many ways to play! 9/10OVERALL 49/55 : A great pickup for only 15 dollars, and is being updated frequently!"
76561198039943988,Recommended,247080,12069109,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,stone_bubble,So good!  replay value and memorable soundtrack.
76561198043621289,Recommended,247080,12210023,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Rabbit,Dancedungeon crawler roguelike.Let me say that again.DANCEdungeon crawler roguelike.It has dancing and is a great rhythm game to play for fun. The ability to put in custom songs is fun too. (U.N Owen Was Her? at double speed is a great way to die).
,Recommended,247080,12212424,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,♤ Sassy Squid Girl ♤,Move to the beat or it will be your down fall
,Recommended,247080,12237171,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Cueball,"This game's a little Spelunky, a little Binding of Isaac, and a little Guitar Hero all in one! Definite recommendation if you're into rougelights."
76561198003142599,Recommended,247080,11775852,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[TKG] theshovelfighter,"Solid concept, execellent soundtrack.  Tons of fun."
,Recommended,247080,11559276,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,☆Ninja☆,There's a red dragon that shoots fireballs.A shopkeeper with the most beatiful voice.Mushrooms.10/10
76561198007249879,Recommended,247080,11560206,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Gwynor,"I simply can't stop playing... the mix between rhythm game and roguelike is p e r f e c t. If this is an Early Access, I'm a kangaroo."
,Recommended,247080,11560634,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,JAMZ,"this game was made for me. Still missing some content though, but unless you're amazing it'll probably come out before you finish it all"
76561198036174593,Recommended,247080,11564749,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Krootlord,"If you like hard levels and monster that make you attempt the level over and over again, then get this game.IT IS AMAZING!!!!"
76561198026147786,Recommended,247080,11756187,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Pyro noob,I'm only iritated by how difficult it is to describe the granduer of this game to people around me. It's genius on a new level. Buy it now.
,Recommended,247080,11758598,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,tswast,"This game is super fun and challenging. The music is great, too!"
,Recommended,247080,11761360,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bruno,"This is fun! The game features a very unique and suprisingly compelling combination of gameplay: rhythm and dungeon crawling. Excellent reward system of diamond collecting for item unlocks keeps me trying levels again and again. Also, the sound design is great! The store dude is my favorite.I can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,247080,11742322,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,sitoopie,"Great roguelike, fun, and the music is great!"
76561198041906290,Recommended,247080,11745863,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Grazy124,This game is just fun. The music is great the enemies are fun to fight it's just....fun. I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,247080,11746136,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,FUTURE WAR CULT,"You probably never knew you wanted to play a rythm based roguelike game, but trust me: you do."
,Recommended,247080,11529484,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Onions,Yo dis game is radical
,Recommended,247080,11530378,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Not Animal Tested,"This game has challenging, engaging gameplay and an amazing soundtrack. It is a must by for folks who like dungeon crawlers and roguelikes. i am hooked."
,Recommended,247080,11530638,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mimete,"This game is an absolute blast to play!  If a normal roguelike is a game of chess, where you can stop and calculate the ramifications of every move, then playing this is playing speed chess.  You have to learn how to act and react to deal with the myriad challenges that await you as you delve deeper into the dungeon."
,Recommended,247080,11504125,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Shi~Kyle,"10/10 would recommend.This game is in early access but it has so much content to work with. Crrypt of the Necrodancer for Four zones in the game, each eith 3 stages and a boss per zone with their own different change of enemies, enemy varients, enviroments and music to go with them as-well as a small handful of available characters with much more to come, each with their own little gimmick.This game is a rogue-like rhythm strategy game that displays a mechanic like no other game. The mechanic involved moving along to the beat of the provided music, not only moving but also attacking, using items and using spells. The downside to missing the beat is losing a turn which the enemy could take advantage of, the other downside is losing your gold multiplier for successful kills while staying to the rhythm. Like most rogue-likes, each floor layout and enemy is randomly generated.The game features controller support along with Dance Dance Revolution (DDR) mat support (As-long as it can connect to your computer via USB?) The game features a mode to make using the DDR mat easier as using the mat itself in nromal mode would likely be a cripple. The game also features a local co-op game mode, a hardcore mode and a Daily Challenge.EDIT: I can say as a controller user, I have had some problems when I start the game back up, some of the layout of buttons I set for the controller seem to switch to a random button on the controller."
,Recommended,247080,11531322,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,The Zahir,Was killed by conga line. 10/10 would dance again.
,Recommended,247080,11531340,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,rxg | Annoying Dog,"This game is one-of-a-kind and though it seems hard it can be if you don't control your beat. Though in alpha and kinda small the real challenge is how to work with what you have. It is addicting, tactile, and original...what else is there to say for an awesome game?"
,Recommended,247080,11531596,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Skie,"This is a fantastic little game that owes to the age-old roguelike genre and combines it with a fast-paced rhythm-based twist. Currently in its early access stage, in the base game portion, there's only under 5 hours of challenge (3 zones) for a player with a good sense of rhythm. But those few hours are the most intense fun I've had in a long time.The music is well done and the sprites and gameplay are excellent. I recommend grabbing this at some point, maybe during a sale or when its closer to being finished."
76561198075315039,Recommended,247080,15511740,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,HellaSpooks,"First things first: You should buy this game.A rhythym based dungeon crawler may seem like a strange combination, but it is done beautifully in this game. The artwork is incredible and very appealing to look at, the gameplay is fun and manages to stay fresh for a very long time, and the actual game itself (enemies, items, bosses, floors, etc.) are all very interesting, and each one requires an adjustment to how you play.Now for the really important part: The soundtrack.OhMy godIf you can, buy the original and extended sountracks. It is some truly incredible music, and like the game itself, still has yet to get old, even after months. It is incredibly catchy, and will have you tapping and humming along long after a song ends. This carries over into the game itself, where you can feel yourself getting into the flow of the music. It won't be long before following the beat is second nature to you, and you can immerse yourself fully in this wonderful game."
,Recommended,247080,15512007,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,WilliamSail,Very fun to play!
,Recommended,247080,12800256,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Flandre,"The full release of the game improves the game so much more than it already is. The new levels are extremely challenging, yet so satisfying. The new enemies require a ton of strategic moves, and no doubt you will have to study their moves/patterns. The soundtrack to zone 4 is also mesmerizing and almost gets you into a melodic trance. Without spoiling much, the final >boss< is very well done, and unforgettable. There is nothing negative I can say about this game, no matter how hard I try to. Perhaps one of my favorite new features is the ability to switch the type of soundtrack/artists. Danny's work is amazing as it is, but with Family Jules and A_Rival are just as excellent in their remixes. Every time I launch this game I just fill up in excitement. I could go on all day. Buy this now. Now.Beta:Up. Down. Up. Attack. Attack.A ridiculously fun game to play, combining my favorite genres of gaming: rhythm and dungeon crawlers. All your moves and the enemy's moves in synch with the music, and even the level. The music in this is outrageously fantastic and fun to play along, but you can use your own music as well to play through the levels (in synch as well). A fair warning though, this game can get very challenging at times, especially if you cannot keep up with the beat. I cannot wait for more... and more!"
76561197992467165,Recommended,247080,15512176,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Sparky,"This game is great. If you want a rhythm based game where you need to use your brain, or if you're a fan of roguelikes and can tap your feet to a beat, get this game. You will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,247080,15512315,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Gaige,"A Rogue-like rhythm game that's easy to pick up, hard to beat, and impossible to put down. It's now fully released and features enough polish and depth to justify the reasonable price tag. If you are a fan of rogue-like dungeon crawlers, then this catchy beat cannot be missed."
,Recommended,247080,12756679,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Bungo Chungis,It's good.
,Recommended,247080,15513623,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,"Please, Consider the Following",Amazing music and novel concept executed perfectly.
,Recommended,247080,15513809,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Ford,"Redefines the phrase ""Monster Mash."""
,Recommended,247080,15513998,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Manawind,Never had a game with music this kickass and fun.
,Recommended,247080,15514294,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Pink Rockwell,"Like most roguelikes, this game punishes you (though not too much, with the lobby that grants you permanent item upgrades) when you die. You start at the beginning.Unlike most roguelikes, and as stated by one of the developers in the crew video, this game kills you very fairly. Every enemy has a pattern that can be learned and can be exploited, so that you can make it through the game with just your basic weapon. You will know why you died and, while frustrating to start at the beginning, you will find it to be fair.The music is excellent, the singing shopkeeper is awesome. The only complaint isn't really a complaint, it's just that when you start over so many times, the first few level's music gets kind of annoying. I think it would've helped to have a rotation of a few songs on the same beat to keep things fresh, since you'll be hitting the first level a lot as you learn. I know that's a hilarious amount of work, so meh.Excellent game, seizure inducing, great enemies and it feels like a lot has been put into the game so far (Been playing a few hours what do I know)."
76561198053795620,Recommended,247080,15514319,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,DeadlyNightshade,"After waiting so long for the final release of this game since I've been playing it in early access so long, this game is absolutely worth the wait, the price, and the time to put into it. A rogue-like dungeon crawling rhythm game. What sounds like an eclectic mix of random genres is actually one of the most innovative and fun games I've played in recent years. With such a simple control scheme as only needing the arrow keys, Crypt of the Necrodancer pulls out every single bit of its potential. Between all the different items and equipment, dozens of different enemies, unique bosses, randomized dungeon layouts, and an absolutely KILLER soundtrack by DannyB himself, with remixed versions of the soundtrack by A_Rival and FamilyJules7x, I've been in love with this game since the moment I picked it up. And even with the time I've put into it, the game still remains tough as nails as you get further in, especially when you throw in the other characters with their unique play modes.To sum up, this game has everything you think you could ask for and then some. A truly unique concept, simple but refined controls, amazing soundtrack, and a range of difficulties. This is a game you can play for hours on end and still get a kick out of it."
,Recommended,247080,15514425,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Jyames,"Somehow, playing to a rhythm makes this far less frustrating than other roguelikes.It issofun and every little beat is just another moment of giddy glee. So good, so good.I'll come back and say more when I've played more, but this has already paid for itself via sheer joy."
76561198003217492,Recommended,247080,15514832,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lexus,DannyB and FamilyFules7x made soundtrack for this game 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15516965,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Mazzaman[FIN],Simply put: good game! Nice steamworks custom stuff! I recommend!
76561198115663978,Recommended,247080,11754763,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Vanitti,"Definitely worth the money. Get the game and have several hours of fun. I like the humor, the progression, the blend of 8 bit techno, the simple controls, the adjustable difficulty, coop-mode...hmm...anything I don't like? Naa.  It's good as it is. Any changes would spoil the mooood. :-) Maybe an epic story mode with  the same amount of original humor would be a cool thing to have.:: Edit afer 207 hours of game play ::A am still quite crappy at it, but it's so much fun, I can't stop playing!"
,Recommended,247080,15518476,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Who Dat Boy,So much fun to be had and I can't stop singing along with the good ol' Shopkeeper! <3
76561198030769328,Recommended,247080,11586757,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Notho,"I usually stay away from early access games these days but, after reading some of the other reviews and watching Mathas play it on YouTube, I decided to give it a shot. Wow, this game is addictive, and fun, and fustrating (in a good way), and the music is amazing.Well worth the money and you may find yourself picking up the soundtrack later. ;)Release Review:Still an awsome game by a great indie developer. Early access done right!"
,Recommended,247080,15519192,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,N3xusRebel,"I would give this game 10/10;This game is a gem in the rouge-like category, the unique style of rhythm and the rpg style dungeon crawling can keep you interesting and guessing where you will die next.The soundtrack is superb making each listen more and more catchy as you progress, there is completionist opportunity and tonnes of replay-ability.With the additional features to train up against general mobs to training against the minibosses and bosses of the game, this game has a gripping storyline that will keep you perservering to find out what happens next."
76561197972313640,Recommended,247080,15519220,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Trinitite,"An utterly exceptional game. I've long been a fan of rythym games, but combining them with roguelikes is a move of utter brilliance. The presentation is charming, with sprite work full of personality that dances to the beat, and great music for you to get your dungeon grinding groove on to. Crypt of the Necrodancer is some of the most fun I've had with a game in years."
,Recommended,247080,15520052,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ac1nonyx,It's just f***in' excellent.
76561198013651286,Recommended,247080,15559785,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Corshclaw,"This is pure genious. Soundtrack is amazing, gameplay is a blast, pixel graphics are gorgeous. An indie masterpiece."
,Recommended,247080,15561439,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Agni7atha,"Do you recommend this game?Absolutely YesThis is a brilliant game idea with a brilliant execution. Mix between roguelike and rhythm was never expected to be this fun. Looks simple in the surface, just four buttons and four level, but actually have a great amount of depth. Training to get better is so rewarding, especially in higher level. You will die often but never feel unfair. You will get the feeling you die because your own mistake, not because RNG. This game probably have the great balanced gameplay. Item or monster are less likely to feel OP, which is rare on rougelike genre.As early access player, I have to say this is a good example how you do an early access game. Developer are active on forum, either on steam forum or their own official forum. Player and developer are working together, mostly on testing new feature and bug tracking. Suggestion from player are taken often. You can check update history if you want. For me, Brace Yourself Games is a trusted game developer and I won't mind jump in to their next early access project if that happening.What surprised me is how good the final release are. First thing to notice is how big the installation size compared to beta build, it's almost four times bigger. After checking the files and trying the game for couple of hours, I realize they are adding cutscene, extra soundtrack, and some finishing touch to the game. It is indeed not relevant to beta testing but I believe it's quite important to final release. It's a good move I would say. The developer are often promised that the final zone, the zone 4, will be released in final build and kept early access player waiting for that. After finishing the zone, with some awesome boss battle, I have to say it's worth the wait. It's feel like a gift from developer to the early access player, to describe how good it is.So the verdict is: You get this game and You never regret it."
,Recommended,247080,15512289,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,MythicalBeasts,Danny Baranowsky is the shopkeeper
,Recommended,247080,12811208,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Billius,"If you enjoy rouge-lite game mechanics, jammin' chiptunes, and have ever enjoyed a rhythm game you owe it to yourself to pick up this game. Even in Early Access there's still a good deal of content to be had. I can't wait to see what all gets added with future updates."
76561198077180717,Recommended,247080,15566016,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,eltaco,"Great Soundtrack, cool mechanics."
76561198025093178,Recommended,247080,15577766,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ihKu47,"A fun and challenging game that delivers what it promises: a dungeon crawler rogue lite rhythm game with tons of replayability, good music, randomly generated levels and bunch of different characters with different playstyles. One of the true gems to spring out of the indie scene!"
,Recommended,247080,15580931,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Ayra,Very addictive. I catch myself playing obsessivly for hours at a time sometimes.
76561198026999205,Recommended,247080,15583334,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,ZACHMMD,"Awesome game, and while it's on sale , a killer deal for the price.The music is awesome, featuring three different soundtracks right off the bat.You can choose between the Danny B., FamilyJules7x, or EDM soundtracks.You can also use your own custom music and it works surprisingly well.The gameplay is fun and addicting and I feel like I'll be playing this for quite some time.The art is nice and pixely.Overall, 10/10.Can't think of anything to complain about."
,Recommended,247080,15567332,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Inkk,"This game is fantastastic. I'm a casual gamer, but I can spend lots of time on this game.As a fan of both rhythm and roguelikes, I find this as a must have, for fans of both genres!I highly recommend it. And buy it, it's a must!"
,Recommended,247080,15567768,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,[None(i) for i in inpt().splt()],Why i didnt buy it earlier????? :(
,Recommended,247080,15530105,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Polygender Mime,"Best idea since canned ham!  Worth every cent of the money paid, and keeps on giving. Hard, but fun, gameplay making you think before pressing any key.  Never before has dieing multiple times just on lvl have been so much fun!  Some times it may be a bit repeative, but you can unlock new weapons, spells and gear through the lobby menu, as well as do daily missions and other cool options."
76561197970291212,Recommended,247080,15568982,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Psychohead,"This is an incredible collection of absolutely bumpin' songs. That they saw fit to include a really fun game is a nice bonus.Cryptis a nice blend of beat-matching rhythm gaming and roguish likeness. There's some persistance in the form of unlockable characters, but otherwise it plays like a slimmed down roguelike. The twist this time is that you and the beasties can only move in time with the music. It's a little frantic at first, but once you fall into the rhythm of the game, it's incredibly fun. Because every stage is only as long as the song is, it's also surprisingly easy to play this in short bursts.But seriously, the music alone is almost worth the asking price. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥do I love this soundtrack."
,Recommended,247080,15569312,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,HanTheMan,"Awesome Roguelike, loving the controls and the music :)"
,Recommended,247080,15570444,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,scurker,"There's very few games that hold my captivation for months upon end, yet Crypt of the NecroDancer has managed to do just that. The concept of marrying a rhythm and rogue like game works so well together, it makes you wonder why it hasn't been done before. The continuing pressure of running through each randomly generated level while not missing a beat creates a captivating experience like no other. Just one more level. Just one more run. Your heart beats with the rhythm as you plot your every move.The game is challenging, no doubt. But every failure is the result of your own doing. But when you pull off that perfect move in time to the beat - it just feels so good! Few games these days feel this rewarding.If you buy one ""rogue like"" game this year, make Crypt of the NecroDancer that game. You won't leave disappointed."
76561198065091642,Recommended,247080,15570729,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,no spoilers pls,Pretty Gud 10/10
76561198076116089,Recommended,247080,15571871,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Jake the Dog,"super fun and addictive rhythm rogue-like that will win you over with it's awesome design if it doesn't get you with it's great game play. this game is unique, fun, addictive and beautiful. Much reccomended."
,Recommended,247080,15571961,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Giga,Neat concept on a traditional genre.Interested in seeing how they play with the beats later in the zones
,Recommended,247080,15572284,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ElitismFails,Managed 7 hours in my first sittingSet Benny Hill theme tune to be played for lobby
,Recommended,247080,15572349,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Mega,"Such a nice game, the music its a masterpiece"
76561198024845688,Recommended,247080,15573114,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Gorban010,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is immediately addictive. The randomly-generated levels create a different play style each time you restart a zone (and you will be restarting very, very often) since you'll find different items in different orders. Most of the time there are strategies to kill each type of enemy without taking damage which makes it sound easy except you'll be doing it to the beats of music and you WILL make mistakes. You get a random boss at the end of each zone so you will have to learn to be consistent going through all the levels in a zone before you can get some real time grinding the bosses (though I think you can do boss training on the zone selection 'overworld', perhaps after you free the correct NPC ??). I often feel I do not have the time to learn the strategy of other roguelikes with unlimited realtime per turn available to strategize, but this game I was able to pick up immediately and it's incredibly fun. I'm sure there is a ton of unique fun to be had even if you do enjoy the in depth strategy of other roguelikes since, likely, you will not have played it to the tempo of music before."
,Recommended,247080,12740300,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,etf,it´s awesome
76561198043882664,Recommended,247080,12744386,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,paszaGuiceps,Sucesso Total
,Recommended,247080,12745796,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,[mute]sanctuary18,very good game. very good.
76561198025306820,Recommended,247080,12746906,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,totorotipping,So far I'm enjoying this game immensely.  Rad soundtrack and neat mechanic.
76561198032067409,Recommended,247080,12747520,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,USM-Valor,This is a fantastic game that has taught me in no uncertain terms that I absolutely have no sense of rhythm.
,Recommended,247080,12790529,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,schizunio,"Everything in this game is awesome! The best mix of genres ever, 8bit and so well thought, both in terms of balance and diversity. Must have!"
,Recommended,247080,12820898,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Grampsman,"With its truly unique gameplay and Danny Baranowsky's incredible soundtrack, the game draws you in and compels you to try and master its delightful, dangerous dance."
,Recommended,247080,12824352,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Bear Krills,Best $15 I've spent in a long time. I can't stop playing this game.
76561198082015922,Recommended,247080,12825980,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,princeazazel,"Wow, just bloody well wow what a game.  I got it for ten bucks and I will say this game is inspiring, nothing like it fun!  The music, triple A+.  Oh and that selling point of NEEDING to have rhythm.  Well you can be deaf and play the game fine due to the heart on the bottom of the screen, or play as the bard and make the game turn based.  The fun thing about that is unlike the dancer types he can't stay still and sometimes you NEED to stay still so you don't get hit.  Only thing that could make it better is some kind of vs mode where after a little splunking you duel in a musical battle with items you find on your way to the battle, should you die you just warp an wait with the items you got already.  Over all I'd give it a 9.2 out of 10.  So damned close to perfect it's scary."
76561198067866896,Recommended,247080,12840456,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,secretfreeze,"If you didn't like roguelikes before, well, you do now.If you didn't like rhythm games before, well, you do now.I was a fan of neither and now I'm a fan of both."
,Recommended,247080,12845717,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bee,"Jesus Christ, finally!It's just so much fun. Videos don't do it justice, it is there to be experienced.Go experience it."
,Recommended,247080,12851292,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,johnrdconnolly,"This game is totally amazing. It Is great in pretty much every way. It's a a rogue-like which means when you die you have to start over. Unless of course you have a magic potion that gives you another life, but more on that later. It is a top down turn by turn grid based dungeon crawler.The game has, as of right now, 3 zones, each with three levels then a random boss level. The levels are randomly generated dungeons where the creatures get more challenging each level, followed by a boss battle, The unique aspect of this game is that a turn happens on the beat of the music, and you get a gold multiplier bonus for moving each turn along with the beat and not getting hurt. Sort of a combo system that gets your more gold. It sounds slightly confusing, but it ends up being a completely unique and awesome gameplay mechanic that makes the game one of the best I have ever played.This brings me to the first point, and that is the totally gnarly soundtrack that never gets old for me. You slay beasts left and right while collecting gnarly loot as you grind through level after level with death just one wrong move away, to a totally grooving soundtrack the whole time. Pure Awesomeness.It is challenging, but if you learn your enemie's movements and attacks, you  can slay dragons, minataurs, and nightmare steads with a few slices of your glass rapier. If going zone by zone you unlock permanent perks through the dungeonmaster, merlin, and hepheastus at the starting area. You can also play hardcore mode which gives you only one attempt to beat all the zones in one run, with all itmes unlocked, but no upgrades from the lobby. THE TRUE TEST OF BEAT SHREDDING MONSTER SLAYING. It'as fantastic.Your character has a bunch of different equipment slots. Head, torch, weapon, armour, legs, ring, and shovel. And each slot has tons of gnarly items that can go in them.There are rings of regeneration, peace, war, protection, might, luck, and phasing just to name some. Each has a unique property that changes your gameplay syle.Ton's of awesome weapons that each have their own unique playstyle. Daggers, broadswards, longswords, rapiers, spears, flails, whips, bows, crossbows, cat'o nine tails, a blunderbuss, so much awesomeness. Plus there are different types of weapons too, iron, gold, blood, glass, titanium, and obsidian, each with thier own perks.Many types of armour so you can take more punishment. Leather, chainmail, plate, obsidion, glass, heavy plate, and more.Your shovel allows you to dig up certain types of blocks where you can find rooms full of enemies, or a hidden chest, or even keys to special chests.Different types of boots give you the ability to ignore certain types of traps, terrain, or other various things, each helping out in it's own way.On your head you can equip a crown of teleportation, circlet of telekenises so you can see enemies and the contents of chests, or a helmet to increase your armour more.Torches help you spot monsters in the darkness or secrets in the walls. Magical torches shed light on everything so even well hidden secrets become yours.SOOOO many monsters!!! Each with unique movements and attack patterns, then on top of that different versions of each monster that get harder each level.In the end, get this game, it's in alpha and it plays like it could be a standalone. I rarely run into glitches or problems and I play this game alot. If you like rogue-likes at all, this is one that will make the top of your list. Revolutionary in so many ways just like ToME and other new rogue-likes."
,Recommended,247080,12852436,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,whiteinge,"A smart and challenging roguelike that keeps your toe tapping to the beat. There's very little bad about this game, the enemies are varied and interesting, the bosses are tough, the weapons are varied and interesting, the buffs are varied and interesting. Some of the hard-core challenges are insane. It is perfectly playable as-is but could benefit from a little polish going forward -- more gentile level transitions, and it is tough to play with a gamepad since items are triggered with the directional keys.The game is tough as nails but the unlocks for upgrades / drops keep a sense of progression. The unlockable practice rooms are genius. And dying is never that big a deal since the music is so fun to play to.If you like rhythm games and don't have much experience with roguelikes, you will find an excellent rhythm game that keeps you mentally engaged as you stay a few beats ahead of the action to position yourself to survive. (And it wouldn't hurt to read a minor spoiler or two to get a leg-up on the roguelike discoverability game mechanics.)If you like roguelikes and don't have much experience with rhythm games, you will find a top-notch roguelike that requires attention to detail, offers plenty of discoverability, and has deep and challenging game mechanics -- all set to a fantastic beat.If you like rhythm games and roguelikes there is absolutely zero reason to not pick this up immediately. And maybe also remember to send the developer a valentine next Feb. 14th."
76561198044919217,Recommended,247080,12865188,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Rayeith,"I have to admit, at first it was a bit difficult to get into.  If you can power through the first few deaths, however, you immediately get hooked.  A little swith in your brain will flip and everything will suddenly makes sense.  From then on, you're addicted to the beat, dancing your way through dungeon after dungeon, trying desperately to find the powerups and secrets that help you get a little further than you did the time before.  I highly recommend giving this a shot, even in this early access state.  That being said, get this game on sale, b/c there's no telling if that switch will ever flip for you."
76561198058231241,Recommended,247080,12867090,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,skull.406,"The game and music are fun, great for early access, I'm always looking for another game I can play with my friends where I can tear up laughing at them because they were killed by a skeleton, while unbenounced to me I was just ran over by a slime.  9/10 - only because it's early access :)"
,Recommended,247080,12867552,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Zornn Firesoul,If your looking for an actually good rythem game. look no further.
76561197970408157,Recommended,247080,12867636,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DeftMunky,"Completely brilliant rhythm/music roguelike. One of the 2 ""next generation"" roguelikes along with Spelunky. Belongs in the pantheon of Nethack, Shiren the Wanderer, and Spelunky."
,Recommended,247080,12871130,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,AMGHaloFreak,Its absolutly amazing
76561198042049583,Recommended,247080,12871417,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ninichu,"Its so simple but it's super addicting. It's one of those games where you keep telling yourself: ""One more time..."" and then its been 3 hours. Its a very unique twist on an old game genre. Like, beating up monsters to the beat of great music? Yes please! The only thing that bothers me is that the bard class takes away from the uniqueness of the game, since he dosen't have to follow a beat. But other than that its a really cool game."
76561198067004518,Recommended,247080,12876133,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,ajwa,"Right when I decided to boil some water for dinner, I downloaded this game. I then completely forgot to make dinner and played it for about two hours without any regard for passing time, until I had an empty pot from the water evaporating. That sort of thing has never happened to me before!This is an astonishingly fun and addicting style of gameplay. I don't think I'll tire of it quickly at all, especially when a lot remains to be implemented. The most teasing thing about it is that there's a way to optimally play it where you don't get hit, because everything is predictable, but it's quite the challenge to get there! 10/10, would recommend to anyone."
76561197970878530,Recommended,247080,15675969,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,steinkac,Instantly loved it....Beat. Loot. Daily Challenges. 15 min fun or 5 hour binges.  Definitely worth the price.
,Recommended,247080,15675554,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Rad Boi Atlas,"I bought this game early access with dlc just because i saw that it was a great game and i wanted to help fund their project. The Full game turned out WAY cooler than i expected. If i had to, I'd pay twice the price to get this game. On a scale from 1 - 100 I'd rate it 100 and It'd be worth every single point."
,Recommended,247080,15679016,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,SnowMew~,"It's a rythm based roguelike, yeah I didn't think I'd have to say that, but man, it's SO GOOD!Like all rythm games the music is good, and has to be, to go with all this cool stuff.Okay seriously I bought this ages ago, way before they had all this, amazing extra stuff like the cinematics, and fully voiced story, like now it's a master piece and just, so damn good, like seriously.Play this!"
,Recommended,247080,15690190,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Wormerine,"It's solid. Entertaining in short bursts. Played it for quite a bit and probably will play some more. I am a bit disappointed with it though.You see, it describes itself as a roguelike rhythm game. There isn't much rhythm in there. Now, the problem might be, that I am a classicaly trained musician and the way I see rhythm is probably a bit different. My issues might not be revelant to other players.How I would describe this game is a roguelike with simple mechanics but with a quite clever gimmick. Turns happen on their own in regular intervals, not when you move (as in classic rogue-likes). Enemies move in certain patterns (some move every turn, other every other turn etc.) The tricky part is to quickly evaluate your enemies and make right decisions in a short time given. To help you move in the right time turns are sincronized with music. That is really all there is to it. Also, the game is very forgiving when it comes to moving on time.Occasionally, things get a bit more interesting. There are traps, which accelerate/slow down turns (and music.) There is one boss fight, where rhythm is irregular (one beat is skipped.) There is one miniboss, which disables the music until you kill it (never found it to be an issue... everyone can just tap a perfectly even rhythm, right?)There are some choices in the design, which I am still not sure whenever I like or not. Do do have a choice of different characters but rather than offering alternative playstyles, they give you special challenges. I thought it to be a strange choice but I do like it more and more. The game core-mechanics are too basic to allow for different ""playstyles"" so just complicating things by creating special rules for all of the characters is a welcome addition. The weapons are very very unbalanced. However, the good ones seem to be difficult to get in the actual run. It work alright in the end.Not a too big a fan of the soundtrack. I am usually a big fan of Danny B soundtracks, but this one is a bit dull. Probably the issue is the big focus on a regular beat, which I find to be snooze worthy. Comeon, rhythm is an importan part of music. You cant be THAT regular.So lots of negative things. But it is still fun. Give it a bash. Probably none of my issues will be relevant to you."
,Recommended,247080,15680837,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MASK de Smith,Great little roguelike. Most of the difficultly comes from making decisions in split seconds and recognizing enemy patterns.
76561198075654798,Recommended,247080,15684547,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Kaliri,"Really fun and hard to quit, I would recomend playing this game"
76561198062461018,Recommended,247080,15684791,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,SolidSnakez,"Awesome game, best one I have played in a while, and it's just the right mix of challenging, infuriating, and fun."
,Recommended,247080,15788922,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,JustyKelly,If you ever wanted to be in a disco AND run through a dunegon of monsters aiming to kill you this is the game for you.
,Recommended,247080,15794839,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Moarbid Krabs,I always end up doing everything to the beat of the last level I played for a good fifteen minutes after I quit and I DON'T KNOW WHY!!
,Recommended,247080,15795313,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,THRILLHO,BUY THIS GAME
,Recommended,247080,15785528,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Mesram,"Omfg, this game, this freakin' game. I got it in Early Access back in October 2014 because I saw that Danny Baranowsky (Super Meat Boy and Binding of Isaac) had composed the music. Installed, played, and all I could think was that this was the most genius game idea ever! Roguelike? Check. Turn based strategy? Check. Awesome music? Check...oh, you mean that the music determines the pace of the turns? Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I just ♥♥♥♥ed a little.But seriously, the game is incredibly fair, any time you so much as get hit, it's your own damn fault. Only one creature in the entire game (and the bosses, kinda) can be considered ""random"", and that's the bats which are quite easily managed by only moving at the right time.If you want replayability, there are several characters each with unique styles. One has no weapon, unlimited bombs, and can kick bombs 3 units away. Another doesn't damage enemies and merely confuses them (they move in the opposite direction that they want) when she attacks. Another disregards the whole ""rhythm game"" thing and just moves whenever you want and the enemies will move at the same time you do, so you can pause for 5 minutes and think about the best course of action if you're so inclined (this was the first character I beat the game fully with, Zone 4 be hard yo). And then there are the characters that increase the beats per minute, or the ones that die if you so much as miss a single beat/get hit. And then there's the guy that combines both as well as dies if he picks up money...There's also a local co-op mode if you're interested, and speedrun leaderboards.There's something for everybody, the game is great and well worth the $15. You might not get as much replayability out of it as say Isaac purely because Isaac has like a billion items. But the game runs flawlessly on a potato, it's solid fun and you'll definitely get your fill, and there's no reason you can't replay it over and over, it's a roguelike, just play as much as you like."
,Recommended,247080,15775957,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,SolarLiquid,i recomend this game it is very hard and very fun i rate this game 10/10
,Recommended,247080,15776637,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Spirit,It's like Binding of Isaac but with a sick beat.11/10 Would recommend.
,Recommended,247080,15779001,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Liberty Prime,I can't even get past the first level because of red dragons.I love this game.
,Recommended,247080,15779665,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,dj___roll,Pure challenging gameplay with a pretty dasmn good soundtrack.
76561197975995526,Recommended,247080,15781189,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Heavily Armed Pokey,"An amazing melding of rhythm and roguelike elements. While a steep learning curve demands a good deal of the player before getting to later parts of the game, memorable characters and enemies, and perhaps the best work Danny Baranowsky has done on any of his soundtracks, keeps things fun after many, many games."
,Recommended,247080,11493836,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Dragvon,"Early Acess Review (31/07/2014)Damm I'm loving this game! I was in search of a decent rhythm game where the music REALLY syncs with the mechanics of the game (unlike only flashy effects), and this one really fits in! It has support for dance pads and the simple controls make that awesome!The custom music is well analyzed and looks ok  even with crazy bpm's, however, tempo changes of the song itself may prove a bit difficult to adapt.A little frustrating point is that you may end up getting tired of repeating the levels as you die, but then again, the custom music option can break the repetitive side of the game.At first look the menu controls kind of got me lost, as there is no real ''Hey, use → to accept or use ← to cancel!'' this was a bit troublesome.As for the price... Meeeehhh... Ok."
,Recommended,247080,11493875,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Arcade Fever,"This game is absolutely gorgeous, I can't reccomend this game enough. Wonderful art, amazing music.. you can use your own mp3s but why? The soundtrack is beautiful!"
76561198034112859,Recommended,247080,11494189,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bran Bran,I bought this game after watching a streamer play it and I must say this game is a very refreshing change from what I am used to picking up in early access. The visuals are pleasing to the eye the enemies evolve and change as you play making a wonderfull difficulty curve and of coarse the soundtrack is mind blowing. 20/10 in my book.
76561197999879461,Recommended,247080,11494271,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Lemon Cake,This is one of the single most fun games I have played in a long time.super fun super challenging and good tunes to boot.9.5/10
76561198029056335,Recommended,247080,11494351,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Rothmoss,"This game is fantastic, even right now in early access it could be passed off as a finished game. It has an amazeing soundtrack and ludicrous amounts of replayability and great gameplay. 100% would recommend."
,Recommended,247080,11494357,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,👌Horizon👌,Very unique game. Met a bat and exploded. Would recommend.
,Recommended,247080,11494385,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,DZLWZL,Addictively fun.BUY. THIS. GAME.
,Recommended,247080,11494698,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Spark,Very Fun And Difficult Game The Music Is Great And Nice Gameplay 10/10
,Recommended,247080,11495261,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,- ̗̀Dapper Milez ̖́-,"For a game thats still in Alpha I highly recomend this game it has great sounds tracks and difficult challenges,this game will make you dance to the beat literally and while you are listining to the music you need to think fast if you dont want to end up dead by stupid deaths as you explore the dungeons and slay monsters,so get ready to listen to the beat and quickly think for hours that you will put into this gameJust pray you dont miss a beat or you may regret it dearly,"
,Recommended,247080,11495335,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,victimsofretail,"There is a reason this game was the top seller for Steam the day of its release. And though I've given relatively short time on it thus far, I already know what I need to know. There is a PERFECT blend of rhythm based and rougue-like games in here, it is fun and challenging and instantly likeable and addicting. Easy to grasp and difficult to master. It comes at a time I was playing current favorite ""Hero Siege"", in itself very addicting, fun and challenging, while asking myself where I could find another game that fun, with new maps/worlds generated at every new turn, and along came this absolute jewel of a game. Don't just listen to me, though, listen to Steam gamers, who made this game number one overall for sales on the very day of its release, at a time when all the big-gun games are also available for purchase or pre-purchase. Also, don't let the 'Early Access' fool you...there's plenty here already that's plenty-good already, and all that's left is improvements to an already outstanding game. This IS a must for your collection is you love roguelikes OR rhythm based games, and the very best of BOTH. Buy it now...but absolutely MUST buy if on sale. Perfection has arrived, early access or not! 15/10"
76561198071849758,Recommended,247080,11495982,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Mid-Sized Sedan,"highly addictive, extremely enjoyable game! highly recommended !"
76561198042032782,Recommended,247080,11496166,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,radom555,"The game is really good, very addictive, beautiful soundtrack etc... the only downside is that norton says it contains malware!? So I recommend scanning it to see if it actually does, and if you enjoy it I highly reccommend not uninstalling it and trying to reinstall it as it bugs out and doesnt allow it."
,Recommended,247080,11496225,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Girl,#1 indie roguelike rythem-based dungeon crawler on steam
,Recommended,247080,11497047,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,scooter509,This game is absolutely addictive! its super fun and definitely worth the money! Its tough at the begining but once you get it down you just go into a rhythm everytime!
,Recommended,247080,11692040,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Tsybal,"Love the game, simple to learn, difficult to master!The music is to die for, the graphics are simple but pure, the concept itself is so easy to grasp.. it's Rogue meet DDR, and if you like any of that, you'll love this!"
,Recommended,247080,11692609,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,coffeeNcognac,Music is really cool and the game is really fun. I'm not very good at this game but I would totally recommend it lol.
,Recommended,247080,11692669,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,ajkju,"This is the stuff right here. Simple in design (only 4 keys needed!) but cleverly difficult and strategic. Perfect to jump into for a few quick runs and die in rapid succesion to the awesome soundtrack by Danny Baranowski of Super Meat Boy fame. You can bring your friends too! Assuming you can seat them next to you. And supposedly add your own music as well but I haven't even bothered with that yet.Has some smaller balance issues as of now (alpha build) but it's absolutely 100% playable and very fun. Highly recommended for fans of rhytm-based games, roguelites and of course those that just like slaying dancing monsters in dungeons."
,Recommended,247080,11693815,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,eternal_bandit,There is a land of Magic Mushrooms in this game.You should buy it right now.
,Recommended,247080,11709646,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ruggust,why is this so much fun. Add an option to change weapons at the beginning of the level
,Recommended,247080,11696201,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,PoopWizard,Best Game Ever.
,Recommended,247080,30501176,Posted: 13 March,all,Gatewaynomad,"I love everything about this game. The story is great, the modes are fun. I have not beaten all the characters, but I have done all but a few."
76561198061868716,Recommended,247080,14748326,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Mathespian,"DDR turned roguelike dungeon crawler, and a good one at that. CotN is already immensely fun to play, and it's only getting better."
76561198006303528,Recommended,247080,14750277,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Worst Heykay,"It's so much fun. The music is amazing. I was worried about the heavy electronic track (electronic music isn't usually my thing,) but the music is incredible and never annoying. This game is one of the few EA games that I feel like I got my full monies worth before it ever comes out. Very fun, very challenging."
,Recommended,247080,14752423,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,shadowkiller,really good game
,Recommended,247080,14740236,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Terrifying Tina,"My dear and beloved friend was kidnapped by the Japanese as World War 3 began when a US Ambassador was attacked in Korea. The Japanese attempted to impersonate my close and personal friend but I saw through their charade. His suffering is due to my negligence as I was putting the beat down to a beat in this game. Since then, I have sworn to never play again. I've sent an e-mail to Gabe demanding a refund and have threatened a lawsuit for psychological trauma if I am not properly compensated.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,15991985,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,+3Pixel,Very cool gameplay! you basically move/attack with the beat of the current song. sounds easy but it can be hard. every enemy has a certain move pattern that is easy to learn but its hard if they are more than 5 enemys trying to kill you.You can also add your own music but it is recommended to use music where you can hear the beat easily.i would say it is a very cool and good game. 10/10
76561198015300247,Recommended,247080,15996550,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,JollyViking,"a superb action rogue-like, requiring split second strategic decision making! this game is pure style, with a whole lot of substance to back it up."
,Recommended,247080,16031488,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,FN Claudius,It has dancing skeletonsdancingskeletons
76561198046617310,Recommended,247080,16031507,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,FroggyIntention,"I'd been itching to play this throughout the Early Access, but just because of that, I waited till the release so I would be even more impressed. And heck, I was impressed. The more I play Crypt of the Necrodancer, the more things I find to appreciate. Ultimately simple using only four keys to play the game, but with a good amount of items, monsters, songs, bosses and characters to suit your disco of a dungeon crawl to make it both challenging and leave plenty to try as I continue exploring the crypt. Danny B's soundtrack is wonderful, it's fitting and mighty fine to slay monsters to, with the alternative soundtracks and the custom track option, even more opportunities open up. Monsters are both terrifying and downright adorable with their individual dances, and the bosses are simple in theory but perform so well. The inclusion of a daily challenge is entertaining and feeds the desire for so many players to just keep going, and something I was very glad to see included. I've noticed a few comments about the levels being timed, since when the beat drops, your heart stops. Personally I feel fine with this, not only do I feel the songs give you about the right time to explore everything, but it helps keep a pressure on your back that I would far rather have than not in keeping the drive of the crawl. It's not the Binding of Isaac, sure, but I don't want it to be. Absolutely I recommend this game as long as players jive and zombies thrive."
76561198193429823,Recommended,247080,15856624,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Gaming Vegetable,It's an excellent game!
,Recommended,247080,16032736,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,r2micro373,"Absolutely one of the most hilarious and well crafted games in my wide library. If you love rogue-likes, easy-to-operate controls, and infinite replay value and interactivity, or any fun easy to play style game, treat yourself and get your 15 dollars worth of fun with this awesome experience."
76561198159683211,Recommended,247080,15876919,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,What's the point,Crypt Of The NecroDancer is the coolest thing since sliced bread.
,Recommended,247080,16043883,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Snacker,Played this game a little. It's not that bad.
,Recommended,247080,16049310,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Geno,"I doubted buying this game thinking that I would only play it once or that it would be too hard for me cause of the rhythm, but that was actually one of the most funniest thing about the game. The music is awesome, and this game is so much fun."
76561197999489902,Recommended,247080,16050257,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Galorit,This game was clearly made with love and is an absolute joy to play!
76561198044309285,Recommended,247080,16067934,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Boamere,"Absolutely brilliant game, great soundtrack, great style!"
,Recommended,247080,16069853,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,「 S T A R P L A T I N U M 」,WHY HAVNT YOU BOUGHT AND PLAYED THIS GAME YET?!
,Recommended,247080,15935688,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Gordam,I can't stop moving to the beat!
76561198031288059,Recommended,247080,15936537,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,bloodred407,"A game that will both make you dance in your seat and make you concentrate so hard you might get Carpal Tunnel Syndrome if you don't take regular breaks after dieing to dance a bit out of your seat, I definetly recommend the soundtrack, being so upbeat can bring a smile to a face a a grove to ones step"
76561198110993967,Recommended,247080,15937679,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,nominalanomaly,I will be addicted to this game!  I promise!
,Recommended,247080,11485155,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Neme03,"This, even in Early access Is asuch a groovy Game! It brings such good Entertainment in this game, and i'm saying, this is a 10/10 Game. I recommend this game to everyone, and actually, You can play it with your family and friends in Local Co-op! Thanks BYSG!"
,Recommended,247080,11485255,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Xyzzi,This game is beautiful music and fighting linked together to create the most amazing game i've played in a long time. Definitely get this game.
,Recommended,247080,11485552,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Draklin,"As someone who never liked playing rhythm game, this is the first that i love to play"
76561198018505478,Recommended,247080,11485594,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cursed,nice game to play with a friend or alone even tho i dont think its worth 15$ its definitly fun to play
,Recommended,247080,11485900,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Haren Hammertoe,"Rough, but fun and rewarding game.  it's a game thats main mechanic is something I found myself doing in other games on accident which is tapping keys in time with the music to move the character."
,Recommended,247080,11485904,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,freecookies,"A nice little well-designed indie game. Not too many powerups (like with Binding of Isaac), follows standard roguelike game conventions, with a really good original soundtrack that you can listen to over and over and over again. Easy  to pick up, doesn't require a massive time investment to learn (don't need to consult a wiki or walkthrough), you can play most of what you want in one evening session, but because every time is RNG, every time you play it, you get a different level.It's not done yet, but it's playable. I think the $15 is right at the edge of what it's worth. Personally if it hadn't been for Jon Blow endorsing the game, I probably would've waited for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,247080,11486381,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dr. Nobody,"The combination of music beat and roguelike is pretty awesome. Didn't think I'd like it so much, but it's pretty awesome."
76561197990379909,Recommended,247080,11487189,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Gravemind,"Im terrible at rougelikes, im terrible at rhythem games. I LOVE this game. Its addicting and every game is a little different. Every death allows you to learn something new. I highly recommend this game to people who are skeptical about rouglikes. Its just FUN, and sometimes that what you need in a game."
76561198113371099,Recommended,247080,11487787,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Hit Me Daddy,one of the best games i played in a long time
76561198124076342,Recommended,247080,11488052,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,greyson107,This game is fun.If you love retro 8bit games good mucis and rouge like gameplay than you mighty have already bought it.Have fun and enjoy.
,Recommended,247080,11488926,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,shieldb,"Do you like rhythm games that are not purely music and rhythm games?Do you like roguelikes with extra elements?Do you like fun things?If you answered yes to any of these (especially the first two), pick this one up."
,Recommended,247080,11489522,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,skinbeat,"Highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rhythm action, rogue like and community. I have not seen a more fun and competitive rhythm action game since Rock Band. Playing for the first time feels like you are learning something but if you have Rock Band or Isaac skills you are going to feel like you are putting those skills to the test. The daily challenges are great and engage you with the community thanks to replays and leaderboards. The visuals are bright, retro and fun. The soundtrack is perfect. The game plays so well. At the time of writing this game is early access so I'm expecting more great things to come. I don't usually write reviews but I feel passionate about this great game and want to shout it loud!"
76561198085685988,Recommended,247080,11489957,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,JP,It is a changing rythem dungeon-crawler that dosent hold your hand like 90% of games now. Although I am terrible at rythem games I was enticed by the art and music and bought it. If you like rythem games you should buy this no doubt. If you dont like rythem games I would suggest you look at some gameplay videos before you purchase.
,Recommended,247080,11489984,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,phonicpod,Awesome game! Great idea and fun execution! :D
,Recommended,247080,11491402,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Chuckaluphagus,"Brilliant game.  Hard and addictive roguelike with a great play mechanic and an awesome soundtrack.I've been running this under Linux (Ubuntu 14.04 64-bit), and it works perfectly.  Also, this game plays very well on low-end hardware - I had no problems on a three year-old Core I5 notebook with just Intel HD 3000 integrated graphics."
76561197989760890,Recommended,247080,11491980,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,The Grand Phuba of Snakatoba,Must have. Really.
,Recommended,247080,11492006,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Azu,"Awesome game 11/10 IGN  ""It's ok"""
76561198044836581,Recommended,247080,11492978,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sandvich Doktor,"Crypt of the Necrodancer is easy to learn and difficult to master; a perfect game for absolutely anyone to pick up and play, yet difficult enough to provide hours of entertainment trying to master every little detail.  Though I only have a few hours on it myself, I have been following this game for quite some time and I can honestly say that, though the game is still in early access, it simply feels amazing.The only problem I had with the game, as with all rhythm games, was finding the latency that felt natural; it did take me several tries to find one that felt good.  However, this was very minor.The entire game is well-polished, smooth, and FUN.  If you have any qualms about spending $15.00 on this game, let me assuage you that this game is completely worth it!"
76561198067475068,Recommended,247080,11493431,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,WilfordBrimley98,"This game is absoultely amazing. I'd rate it 9/10 (just out of principle, it is a 10/10-worthy game).The only problem I've had with it is I have to re-map the controls when I switch between keyboard and DDR mat, but it may be a fault of the mat.The game is a rhythm-based rogue-like dungeon crawler of respective difficulty that promises to bring hours of enjoyment, even making for a fun co-op game if you have a spare keyboard or a dance-mat."
76561197983871679,Recommended,247080,11493713,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Tealord,"Im a huge fan of dungeon crawlers such as Nethack, Stone Soup, Rogue and so on. Never played much rhythm games and at the beginning I felt little frustrated playing this game. Now im really addicted, it's those games where you keep saying after dying, ""Just one more time."" You learn more and more every session, like what does certain items and altars do or how you should approach certain enemies. Highly recommend this game for anyone who likes dungeon crawlers and who isn't too picky about the game taking the original dungeon crawler formula to different direction and mixing it with rhythm games."
,Recommended,247080,11570166,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,WowIGottaPoop,This game is awsome BUT it deffinetly needs more controller support
76561198080267192,Recommended,247080,11571058,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Tyrone693,"This game is very enjoyable and great for being so early in the development as it is. If I didn't know more was to come, I would be satisfied with what I have already."
,Recommended,247080,11571387,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Daravos,"And yet another AWESOME soundtrack from Danny Baranowsky, and combined with a game that is absolute genius makes for an incredible game that, imo, redefines how rhythm games are to be played.Despite the fact that it can be difficult or easy depending on the rolls of the RNG dice with what items you get, it is always fun and keeps you coming back for more.I'm definately enjoying Crypt of the NecroDancer thus far, and can't wait to see how the game develops."
,Recommended,247080,11575827,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,|JSRL| t3hyoshi,"Such a breathtaking game! I haven't completed a run yet, but it's sooo gooood. The default music is wonderful, great to deliver beatdowns while grooving. I haven't tried using a dance pad, but I tried my own music, which seemed to get me to the boss levels. I think that's because it's still alpha. Get it, get it now and deliver groovy justice today!"
76561198129440233,Recommended,247080,11575956,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,JstPwndURfaceM8,"this game while it looks simple on paper, is accualy pretty difficult. hardcore mode will have you going what the heck just happend every single time you press the wrong direction, or just flat out get swarmed. Over all Crypt of the Necrodancer is a great time."
76561197961278621,Recommended,247080,11576674,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Invariel,"It's a rhythm-based Roguelike.  If you enjoy rhythm games or Roguelikes, you will enjoy this delightful danceoff of doom.  With a soundtrack by the person responsible for Super Meat Boy's soundtrack, and the ability to convert your own songs into background tracks /in the alpha/, this deserves a look."
,Recommended,247080,11576989,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,JollyFox,Very fun yet elegant game with amazing tracks :) certainly a recommend.
,Recommended,247080,11578664,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Nova Korpov,Inventive gameplay make this a title worth playing over and over. It even has DancePad support!
76561198100457311,Recommended,247080,11582005,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,MischievousPylon,When Rhythm Game Meet Roguelike
76561198003191530,Recommended,247080,11582244,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,[MILFS] Sheldon's Mom ~-*,"This game is really great fun. Tactical and snappy, it's a turn based roguelike that mandates turn speed basedon the speed of the music. Enemy design is interesting and engaging, requiring you to learn the movement patterns of enemies and dance around their attacks to victory. The soundtrack is killer and the art is cute and colorful. A+ very recommend."
,Recommended,247080,11584858,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,???,"Best game I've played in a long time. Music is killer, game mechanics are flawless, and monsters are very interesting. I am stuck on Level 3.I also love what they did with the shopkeeper and the music. All there would need to be is a level editor(idk if they have one). This game is just amazing."
,Recommended,247080,11585284,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Raikiau [Rai],"I absolutely love this game! <3This game expertly mixes the challenge of dungeon-crawling and rhythm based gameplay for an addictive experience. By far the best game purchase I have made in recent times, and I highly recommend everyone buy this game!Seriously ... stop reading go play it yourself! ;D"
,Recommended,247080,11586150,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Izzykun,"Fantastic game! Well polished for an Early Access game, has a clever idea and is executed exceptionally well. One of the best rougelikes I've ever played!"
76561198006667394,Recommended,247080,11539676,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Schproemftell [WE],12/10  cause Freddy Merchantry
76561198049055731,Recommended,247080,11819682,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,silencefiction,this is my next spelunky
,Recommended,247080,11810825,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Coral,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rouge like dungeon crawler weith a twist. You can only perform an action according to the beat of the song. If you are a fan of rouge likes, or rhythm games you will not be dissapointed. Even though this game is in alpha, it's pretty damned good for an alpha. The price is kinda steep right now, but there will be much more content added, and it will be worth all of the money."
,Recommended,247080,11934296,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Katou,There's nothing I don't like about this game. The music is addictive and the rythm of the game never bores me. Highly recomended to anyone who enjoys music. It'll know your pants off.
,Recommended,247080,13180245,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,compass,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW- STEAM EXPLORE SALEIf you buy one game this sale, buy this one. It's a fantastic roguelike that adds a layer of difficulty in the form of a rhythm game. While sticking to the rhythm itself is not difficult at all, managing your rhythm, movement, and enemy movement can be quite challenging! With tons of unlockables, ability to use your own songs, and Workshop compatibility, this game is sure to hold immense replay value for 11USD. Plus, the singing merchant is kind of amazing."
,Recommended,247080,13181414,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Feesh,"has some issues due to it being early access, but still a very enjoyable, unique game. 10/10 soundtrack, and does some things you dont see a lot in roguelikes, like the post death replay.i may be♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game, but the game itself is fantastic"
,Recommended,247080,13181516,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rikku,This game is awesome.
76561198037961289,Recommended,247080,13185242,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Artisio,"hardest rythm game ive ever played. extremely addicting, great music, really fun to play!"
,Recommended,247080,15938681,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,PyRhUz,"I spend hours on this ♥♥♥♥ing game and always die to only end up on the first stage, would recommend to slowly lose brain cells1000 Lost Brain Cells/10"
76561198000807394,Recommended,247080,15938807,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,notafan,yeah.
,Recommended,247080,16102488,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Xiaolinstyle,"Innovative, fun, interesting. What more could you ask for? Throughly enjoyable rythm based dungeon crawling rougelike. Mod support is already incredible. You should own this."
,Recommended,247080,25081102,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Kung fu Kenny,The most exciting game ever made. I cried when the shopkeeper sang. 11/10
,Recommended,247080,25080227,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,M3rchant,"Amazing game!  Honestly, this has got to be one of my most favorite retro-style games I've ever played!  Fun little storyline, random dungeons, and a fresh mix of basic mechanics with a good difficulty that will keep you playing for hours!"
,Recommended,247080,24120473,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mazzuma,Step 1: get rifle from weaponmasterStep 2: choose King Konga from the BossmasterStep 3: Enjoy Harambe Simulator [current year]
76561198076603646,Recommended,247080,25134461,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dad,"The game has provided me just enough fun for me to recommend it.The mix of rogue gameplay and rythm game amount to less than their sum IMO, but the game is really well executed with a fantastic soundtrack that continues to haunt me weeks after I finished the game."
76561198123960805,Recommended,247080,25238862,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,buddykai,good music fun game
,Recommended,247080,25207395,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,CripplerJones,"Picked it up when it was in Early Access and would argue that it's one of the greatest games I've ever played. Tight, inventive gameplay. A superb soundtrack. Limitless replay value. I've dumped dozens of hours into CotN and don't regret a minute of it. Perfect for speed and challenge runs. If you're into rhythm games, there's no reason this game shouldn't be in your library."
76561198219360491,Recommended,247080,25109879,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,치킨마요,GOD GAME
,Recommended,247080,25262828,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Matthew Keith Twine,"This is a totally awesome game,Not only are the several interchangable soundtracks amazing,but the gameplay is amazingly satisfying and challenging.being tasked with moving and attacking to the beat of the currently playing song,this game can't help but be responsive and enjoyable.this is a great addition to any Steam libraryPick it up ASAP"
,Recommended,247080,25260350,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Geese Thompson,All the soundtracks are fricking awesome. Good replay value and it's just my kind of games. 10/10
76561198056332754,Recommended,247080,25133030,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Talu,"enthralling game.Even when I got all the items (which meant I was playing for ""nothing"" since I couldn't unlock new stuff for my hero), I managed to get a little further down each time before I got bored. It was a really enjoyable experience.Shame I didn't unlock most of the achievements because I put my own music (Works pretty well with B&S 's Enter Sylvia Plath)Highly recommended if you like dungeon crawler and rhythm games"
76561198057986591,Recommended,247080,11479788,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,L M A O,Wonderdul game! Hard to get used to trying to keep the beat but it's loads of fun!
76561198073792151,Recommended,247080,11481002,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,SchoolBoiMoose,"This game is amazing, the music, the style, love it!"
,Recommended,247080,11481306,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Cynicster,"Fantastic rogue-like game! So much fun xDIf the rhythm aspect of the game puts you off don't let it! You'll be surprised at how easy it is to grasp. You only need 4 keys to play! The real challenge however, lies in handling the multitude of enemies and making quick decisions to say in tempo >=)Lovely retro graphics, solid soundtrack and simple yet very addictive gameplay. Just buy it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198066270877,Recommended,247080,11481730,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Roxashe,"This is pretty mumch the best game I have ever bought! The soundtrack, random areas and the bosses that kinda of just APPEAR :D Playing this on a DDR Mat is a total workout as well :3"
,Recommended,247080,11481740,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Malel,"Have you been watching streams on Twitch playing this for the past 2 months? Have you been wondering if it'll live up to the hype once you finally get your hands on it? The answer is yes, and it will exceed it. Think The Binding of Isaac to a beat and I'm tempted to say it's even better than that suggestion makes it sound.Crypt is an amazing Rogue-like that will infuriate you, you may even want to break your keyboard (or fingers!), but you get better every time you play. Hard to find a game these days that is more fun the more you play it, but Brace Yourself Games has pulled it off flawlessly."
,Recommended,247080,11481761,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,PatrickHamhuis2,This game is very difficult but it's worth every penny I've put in it and it's only 15 bucks or something like that PLUS you can put your own song in :D10/10
,Recommended,247080,11481820,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,mr.sirmandude,"It's just brilliant. Great songs, great mechanics, graphics, replayability, balance, awesome sense of achievement. Also seems very solid for Early Access."
,Recommended,247080,11481981,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kyyrie,"Amazing game, amazing music - TOO ADDICTING. Literally a must buy."
,Recommended,247080,11482034,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Khârn the Betrayer,The perfect Excuse to undust your DDR Pad~
,Recommended,247080,11482068,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Amarei,Sexy music. Sexy game. Just want to dance for the whole thing... but then I die.The most frustrating and wonderful thing (to me) since Isaac.BETTER.
,Recommended,247080,11482366,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,T1GWBJAH,"Watched the game quite a bit during the necrothon, looked pretty easy. I was wrong."
76561197972299718,Recommended,247080,11482428,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Breakfast Sandwiches,I have only just started playing Crypt of the NecroDancer but can say I am instantly hooked. It is one of the most unique games I have played in a long time. It is quite challenging but very rewarding. It blends a rogue like dungeon crawler experience with rhythm based gameplay and if you enjoy either of these genres I highly recommend checking it out.
,Recommended,247080,11482489,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Heathen,"If you think Crypt of the NecroDancer looks good in video, it's better when played. It's already of great quality and still in alpha. Great fun, great style, great gameplay. It's one of those where every game you see something unique and horrifying, like any good Roguelike, and it forces you to overcome the seemingly impossible. Only this time, you have to do it to the beat. Brutal joy."
,Recommended,247080,11482642,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,O'reilly Auto Parts is Satan,"Great music, variety of items, creative theme. Great game."
76561197970646887,Recommended,247080,11482682,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Rubén,"Just awesome, worth the wait. A must-have even in Alpha stage. OMG yeeeessss thanks for creating the game!!!"
,Recommended,247080,11482704,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Zurry,This game is my wet dream.
,Recommended,247080,26095652,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Inpecular,"This game is no means easy from start to finish, difficult for new players right of the bat. But do not let that discourage you. This game is incredible, provides a breath of fresh air in a way that no other game has. This game is unique, truly one-of-a-kind. It will take time with countless deaths to fully complete this game. Also the soundtrack and the remixes are all great and fit this fast-paced game well.If I had to describe this game in one sentence I would say:""A fast-paced game thats provides a one-of-a-kind gameplay."""
,Recommended,247080,26088118,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,InterestingKiwi,"FIgured it's about time I review the game for it's best feature, one-handed play. I play practically every day in the morning with a coffee in my left hand, or at night with a beer in my left hand. It's as if all the frustration of getting to 3rd zone with Monk and stepping on a stupid pile of gold is immediately washed away with a nice swig of beer.As far as the actual game, it's not the most random of rogue-likes that I've played, a lot of runs ends up similar (I'm really excited for the expansion though) however the difficulty is what keeps me going. I still haven't beaten Monk or Aria, to even unlock Bolt (and let's ignore Coda for all eternity with my skill), but it's still a blast every game.Even more so when you start using custom music to accompany your playthroughs. I've been working on incorporating full albums to playthroughs to see what albums work well with the game.Definitely recommend it if you like frustratingly difficult rouge-likes (again though there is a small enough number of items that it doesn't entirely feel like every run is unique, but that's not an issue for me)"
76561198005952118,Recommended,247080,26344812,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Nozdrum,It is a good game.
,Recommended,247080,26365024,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,FleshDollsNiko???,This game is amazingly fun. A healthy level of difficulty and multiple characters that can increase the difficulty and have nice game-altering differences. 10/10
76561198065972233,Recommended,247080,27159320,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Taufufa,"1 of a kind ""Follow the beat"" game on the market! Lovely music rhythms and beats from the professionals. Worth every penny spent!"
,Recommended,247080,27166154,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dr. Greenbean,"Incredible game. It's smart, challenging, replayable, and straight-up addictive. Amazing soundtrack. I would recommend it to any fans of rhythm and/or dungeon-crawler games."
76561198036245191,Recommended,247080,27196250,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rewdolph,"This game is very frustrating for me, but so much fun I can't stop coming back. Play for the challenge, come back for the music."
76561198156423217,Recommended,247080,27208065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SirOnionKnight,I didn't think that I would like this game but so far I am having a good time playing this game
76561198160584464,Recommended,247080,27190113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,p3™,"The best rhythm game I've ever seen and ever played!You won't regret buying it, but prepare... this game will literally BEAT you!"
76561198105945250,Recommended,247080,27209433,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sun Bro,"One of the most interesting games I played in years. Give it a try, you are sure to love it."
76561198041097659,Recommended,247080,27211411,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Maximus,Best music I've ever heard in a roguelike.
76561198055105916,Recommended,247080,27258418,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dragonfrog488,Fun rhythm rpg dungeon crawler.
,Recommended,247080,27258610,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kokuu,Large amount of replayability and has lots of different modes and characters for different playstiles from the easy to the hard!
76561198057230486,Recommended,247080,27258717,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fillafilla,Absolutely love this game.  Spent forever just trying to beat the all zones mode with Melody and loved every minute of it.  Then finding out that there are remixes for some of the characters just made it so much better.
,Recommended,247080,27276637,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hotkirby100,"One of the best games I've had the pleasure of playing.The music is (obviously) the best part of this game, and the alternative soundtracks all rock just as much as the originals.The gameplay is smooth, and everything feels very natural and easy to play.Overall, I would rate this game a 9.5/10, it's just that good."
76561198044545606,Recommended,247080,27240038,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bufón,Dance your life away.That is all. Both methaforically and literally.
,Recommended,247080,27268046,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NullCat,A game with the best soundtrack! :)
76561198068183864,Recommended,247080,27268604,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fluffysbeans,"Oh my, that's a good soundtrack. This is probably one of my favorite rogue-likes, and very high on my list of top games. It takes some getting used to at first, but doesn't any rhythm game?"
,Recommended,247080,27266068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blargenswarg,"This game is great. The gameplay is a perfect execution of the idea and I've enjoyed playing CotN over and over for many hours. It is overall a hard game, but there are goals to achive that range all the way from easy to nearly impossible. Because of this; you will unlock new things while getting better at the same time. The only time when the game doesn't feel rewarding is when you've done about half the achivements and all you have are the really hard challenges. There are a lot to do, but many challenges are only for hardcore people. So unless you're hardcore you'll probably stop playing with many things left undone.The soundtrack is exeptional and the songs never got old for me, there isn't much more to say about it. The custom music feature is cool, but I never got any good results with it so I gave up on it, that was mildly disappointing.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who's interested, the game is as good as the trailers show."
76561197982607655,Recommended,247080,27269472,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LS,Very good and addicting!
,Recommended,247080,11498225,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Elvee,A highly challenging roguelike with a fantastic soundtrack. A million ways to die and all to the wonderful beat. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes progressive dungeon crawlers similar to rogue-legacy or spelunky (assuming you have good taste in music!)
,Recommended,247080,11498817,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Newt,"This game is pretty awesome. I haven't even made it past the second big area yet, and it's already fairly hard, yet fair. Can't wait to see what happens as development continues!"
76561197988105623,Recommended,247080,11498946,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,manax,"There's apparently still more to come, but the game is quite fun.  I don't really understand the point of the equipment (mostly) but I expect that'll come in future updates, along with more tutorials.The game is a hybrid rhythm/rpg, moves are done with the beat, mobs will counterattack at predictable times, but the difficulty is sticking to the rhythm when encountering a group...  It's lots of fun, and challenging.  It's pretty brutal, in that you have a single life (with multiple hearts), and have to restart from the first floor when you die, but as you improve the earlier levels definitely get easier.It also (like many games in the music genre now) can use your music.  Haven't tried it yet, but have some good c64-remix tunes I'm going to try out soon."
76561198106180427,Recommended,247080,11499626,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Adam,way harder then i expectected ..... got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in the first 4min in the game
76561197994703845,Recommended,247080,11499852,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Hayden2e,11/10 GOTY every year.
,Recommended,247080,11500103,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,StoobieGacks,"Crypt of the NecroDancer is a rogue-like/rhythm game that I absolutely adore. You have the ability to play your own custom music in the randomly generated dungeons. Crypt of the NecroDancer is one of the best games i've played this year.I've been following how this game has been doing for around a year. Unfortunately I couldn't pre-order at the time. All in all, the game right now has a lot of content that has kept me content for around 10 hours. I could go on and on about how amazing this game is, but you should try it out for yourself. It's well worth the fifteen bucks and they haven't even started new content yet."
,Recommended,247080,11500377,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Zelda,"Amazing game. Highly addicting, too, once you get into it. It feels like it's been 15 minutes then you look at a clock and see it's been an hour and a half. I very much recommend it."
,Recommended,247080,11500923,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Perjoss,"Fighting monsters to the beat makes you feel so elite,When you get low health press up and left to eat,You can even go mining but watch out for the concrete,If you have a dance mat you can even play with your feet,Even at work you'll have the soundtrack on repeat,On top of all this there's a daily challenge to complete,After making this purchase you'll throw away the receipt.10/10(also best video game shop keeper in the history of mankind, yes even better than Resident Evil 4 Merchant!)"
,Recommended,247080,11501145,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Sarcasm,Danny B. Dragons. Dying. Dancing!
76561197994716706,Recommended,247080,11501216,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,[Tribe] Zalasta,"Just bought, and it's already my new favorite game.  Hopping around to some great music, beating the crap out of blobs, minotaurs with harps on their horns, and huge dragons.  How can't you love it?"
,Recommended,247080,11502586,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,AnGo.,"This is the game you're looking for, get it now!"
,Recommended,247080,11504421,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,CNHphoto,"Combining a rogue-like and a rhythm game is ingenious. The design is quite simple but it lends itself to a lot of depth. The rhythm element aligns flawlessly with the different patterns and tells of each enemy. The implementation is spot-on where everything feels balanced. It says alpha, but it has more polish than some full releases. Quickly becoming one of my favorite indie games of 2014."
76561197967770027,Recommended,247080,11566650,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dyer,"I Love this game, get it!"
76561198011382917,Recommended,247080,11567996,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Scarletdevilist,"Iv'e played many rogue-like games, but this is exactly what I wanted to see in one. Best soundtrack and sound effects as well as  difficult timing fights. I just can't wait to see what will be added."
,Recommended,247080,11568719,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,tostador,"I'm thinking this is my favorite game of the year so far. Super simple to play, super hard to master, but at no point does it feel unfair. Kickin' tunes, tons of charm. Spelunky meets DDR. Kind of.It's a tough challenge, but it's one of those games that forces you to get good at it, which makes it that much more rewarding.Buy it!"
,Recommended,247080,11617415,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,tanukihat,"A rhythm-based Roguelike is already a good idea, but once you add your own custom music to it, it becomes a gift from the lord God.  Based 10/10."
76561198001853958,Recommended,247080,11619218,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Atyuialsen,"Whether you play this with your own music or the OST, this game can be very addicting once you start gathering upgrades. This game is a great for players who enjoy Rogue Legacy"
76561197994500680,Recommended,247080,11619284,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Zanzix,This is a fantastic roguelike. It reminds me of a better spelunky.
76561197982894123,Recommended,247080,11620709,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Cypher_00,Groovy Dance Dungeon Doom
76561198028717836,Recommended,247080,11632220,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,nis,Awesome.
76561198072603162,Recommended,247080,11645714,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Hynoz hellcase.com,game is awesome
76561198099822847,Recommended,247080,11648098,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[ECSG] Fade,"this is a very good game for being in early access. Gameplay is great, and so is the music. I had a very fun time playing local multiplayer as well. This game is challenging as well."
76561198025463789,Recommended,247080,11611959,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Somescout,One of few early access games that really worth p(l)aying.
76561198009685664,Recommended,247080,11614365,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KnifeWr3nch,This game is already fantastic. I can't wait to see the finished product. I find myself humming the soundtrack even at work!
,Recommended,247080,11615110,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,dwood15,"This game has the difficulty of dark souls, the loveability of Katamary damacy, and better beats than ddr. Buy this game."
,Recommended,247080,11513842,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Professor Wowa,Here's my video spotlight of this early access game.http://youtu.be/mQbxi_wQyuc
,Recommended,247080,11514214,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SoreThumb,YOU SHOULD GET THIS GAME.  IT's a fantastic combination between rhythm games and a playable roguelike! <3
,Recommended,247080,11514383,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,TheDMcI123,"This game is for anyone who loves music and dungeon crawling.  I have a distinct vibe of ""The Binding of Isaac"" from this game, in the terms or collecting items to make yourself more powerful whilest exploring the dungeons, and then after dying, losing all of the items and starting back out only with your ""tears"".  If you loved Binding, you'll love this"
,Recommended,247080,11514388,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Swirly,"Buy this if you like rhythm games or dungeon crawlers, this has great music, aesthetic and gameplay. It's damn near perfect and only in alpha"
,Recommended,247080,11514504,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,VikingChux,"Fantastic premise (rhythm game matched with an old-school Rogue/Hack movement/attack mechanic) executed super well. Everything about the game came together, from the cute main character sprite to the music to the way the shop-keeper sings along to the background music.The only downside is the onset carpal tunnel."
,Recommended,247080,16127944,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BEES!,"This game is so chock full of style and genuine fun. It has all the feeling that your average AAA title does not!Music: I came back to buy both soundtracks after playing.Gameplay: Difficult at times in that old-school arcade kind of way: You kind of want to tear your hair out, but you also want to put in another quarter and keep trying.Art: The sprites are delightful to watch; so much so you might end up getting killed by them.Seriously, this is worth every penny! Don't wait for a sale just get it now!"
76561198084236089,Recommended,247080,16128297,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,IcyFoots158,"10/10 Would be super lucky and get the arguably best weapon in the game (Blunderbuss) within 6 hours of playing and making what should be a short, quotable review into an over complicated run-on sentence. But seriously, I was scrolling through the Crypt of the NecroDancer hub/forum thingy, and saw someone say they were 50 hours in and couldn't find it, so when I saw Teh Urn, I was like 'what's in here? One bomb doesn't break it?! Spiky-Cow-Skull-Traps to the rescue! OHMYGAWDINEEDTOFINDTHATGUYWHOSAIDHECOULDNTFINDITANDBEAN♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ANDRUBITINHISFACEINTHECOMFORTANDSECURITYOFMYOWNHOMEBEHINDMYDINKYLITTLELAPTOPSCREENANDAGAINOVERCOMPLICATESOMETHINGMAKINGITARUNONSENTENCEWITHOUTANYSPACESANDKEEPTHISGOINDBEYONDMYACKNOWLEDGEMENTOFTHEFACTISHOULDEDITTHISBUTIWONTBECAUSEONLYLIKEFIVEPERCENTOFTHEINTERNETCARESENOUGHTOCORRECTTHEIRERRORSANDTHISHASSUDDENLYTURNEDINTOARANT!!!'TLDR: I like it because I got super lucky and should have checked the seed for that map. Damn."
76561198094678213,Recommended,247080,16216058,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,bigM30W,"If you like randomized dungeon crawlers, this game is for you... if you have the patience for it.This game breathes a breath of fresh air into the dungeon crawler genre with its interesting twist of having to move and attack to the beat of the music. The wide array of characters, weapons, items, and powerups gives this game plenty of replay value. I personally love this game and would recommend it but beware, it's not for everyone.Pros: -Awesome soundtrack and appealing graphics (if you like 8-bit graphics)-Replay value out of the roof-Steam workshop compatibility which adds even more new things to play with!Cons: -having to wait to move (except for the bard character)-Can get a little monotonousRating? 9.75 out of 10"
76561198096968619,Recommended,247080,16151557,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Fiery Kitsune,"GameplayThis game takes the traditional top-down roguelike and puts a simple however game-changing spin on it: Moving only at the beat of the music.Except for the Bard. Then the movement time limit is lifted. This adds a bit of a turn-based stratergy to it, with the enemies having very predictable patterns (except the bats. I hateallof them), it gives you the ability to plan your attack so long as you can plan it in under a second. Remember: you move at the beat of the music. If you are thinking that this is simple enough, WRONG! This game is fffffffffffffffffHARD! Throughout the game - especially in the later dungeons - you are fighting off hordes of monsters so you have to take a lot into consideration: the range of one monster, the movement patterns of another, the traps laid around the room and the attack patterns of your weapons, which flows perfectly into the next subject.WeaponsThe weapons in this game are greatly varied, however I dare say biased because I see some a LOT more often than others. With each weapon having its own attack pattern, everybody has the ability to choose their own favourite weapon. Do you like having extra space on theene,my?Go with the spear. Like to deal bous damage? Go with the rapier. Want to attack everything around you? Choose the cat of nine tails. Along side the vast array of weapons you can find comes the modifiers to the weapons where you can deal extra damage once certain conditions are met. However these modifiers are harder to find and once you do find them, they cost a bit more if they are being sold.MusicThe music is awesome and catchy and I bet at one point you will be tapping your foot to the beat of the music as you make your way through the levels. What adds to the music and makes it stand apart from any other games' OST is that the item merchant sings along so long as you are close enough to hear him. Also interesting isthe music changes styles as you replay the game with either Melody or Aria.tl;drAll in all, this game is hard but awesome. Buy it.Edit: I forgot to mention as I was writing this, expect many cheap deaths in the game unless your brain is a supercomputer. Especially when you are approaching the end. The weapons don't seem to help much as you can get stuck in one spot attacking something until it - or more likely you - dies when you actually meant to retreat. The only way to avoid this is if you get your hands on the Ring of Courage or a Rapier. This flaw is a pretty big one however the game is still incredible."
,Recommended,247080,15538515,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,{RaDsiK}Lynian,Hated the game at first. Then kept playing it because I loved the music and eventually Loved the game.
76561198048926972,Recommended,247080,16377364,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,G von R,I can only hope to grow up to be half the man the shopkeep is.
,Recommended,247080,27386231,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,polarbear4321,"Just get it with the collector's edition already, it's awesome!"
76561198072291869,Recommended,247080,27388421,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Okotsu,Yes! This IS a game worthy of BOTH a dance dance style arcade game AND a rogue-like dungeon crawler! Emphasis on crawling and style!
,Recommended,247080,27298118,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,catzillaneo,This game is a lot of fun.
,Recommended,247080,27295706,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[LUE] Gyromatic,A must have for any rhythm game fan!
,Recommended,247080,27298579,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fish Custard,"Lots of fun, great music."
,Recommended,247080,27289188,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cleverlegs,Every game should have dancing skeleton enemies
76561198058019360,Recommended,247080,27286286,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cydon Prax,"On paper a ""rhythm-based top-down dungeon crawler"" sounds like it shouldn't work but it does really well.Game Mechanics: The rhythm system is simple yet satisfying. Every enemy has a different movement rhythm pattern to learnMusic: The default music is fantastic, catchy, and gets you into the game. Additionally, you can use your own Mp3 files"
76561198063590962,Recommended,247080,27284165,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CoffeeTroll,Great mechanic and awesome soundtrack!
,Recommended,247080,27288261,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mirus,"Simply amazing! Fast, fun, unique and highly replayable without being repetitive, with a soundtrack you'll want to listen to even when your not playing the game. A modern classic unlike any other!"
76561198040857426,Recommended,247080,27017888,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ArtGhost,"Awesome game, i love it!!!"
76561198006056610,Recommended,247080,26975082,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AgAAgA,Probably the most interesting take on rythm games
,Recommended,247080,26974417,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cade,"Ridiculously addictive, especially on the dance pad."
76561198074782853,Recommended,247080,26976129,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cory the Perplexed,"This game is great. It can be described as a very simple combination of rhythm-based game and roguelike. Does it work, though?Hellyes.The entire game revolves around the movement coordination, since you have to follow the beat to move and attack. The controls are effective in this regard, as you only require the arrow keys to do anything. Of course, the monsters also follow the beat to move, most often every other beat while you move on every beat. There is a benefit to keeping your rhythm going, as you will get more money from killing monsters when you do. Money can be spent on a variety of weapons within a play session that change the way you deal with monsters, but you can still beat the entire game with a simple knife if you know how. There are also diamond pickups, which let you buy upgrades outside a match to increase your chances, which you'll want to do if you ever plan to beat the game.The music itself is composed by Danny Baranowsky and is simply stunning. I love listening to it even outside the game, and if that doesn't work for you, custom soundtrack from your own computer can be used instead. It even has gamepad support- yes, gamepads like the sort you'd see from an old Dance Dance Revolution arcade machine if you're into the game to that degree.Each monster has a pattern of attack which you will probably need to figure out how to deal with to finish the game. And you will probably die many times trying, since this game has a permadeath system like many roguelikes. But the game is neverpunishing. You can look at how you died and see where you went wrong, so there's always room to improve instead of just feeling like the game made you fail. I'm happy to see games that do difficult but fun properly, and Necrodancer is one of them.If you want an extra degree of challenge (since the game on its own isn't hard enough already), there are unlockable characters, each with their own quirks. No money, no killing monsters, only use one weapon, all beats are twice as fast, die instantly, there's a lot you can do. I won't spoil the story itself, but all the characters do tie in extraordinarily well, so if you feel like they're random, trust me, they're not.I really wish I could talk more about this game, andhow, there is a lot I haven't even touched on. But honestly? Crypt of the Necrodancer gets a glowing review from me. Buy the game, buy the soundtrack, even get a gamemat if you want to actually dance when you play. I haven't done it yet, but I might do it.If I somehowstillhaven't sold you, the Collector's Edition (everything) is on sale for under 10$, and the core game for less than 5$. So go buy it! Trust me, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,247080,26976364,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CyberPitz,"Great music, great replayablility. Get it. Now."
76561197993302829,Recommended,247080,26993599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raisse,"An amazing combination of rhythm game, dungeon exploration and puns! What's not to love!"
76561198067182903,Recommended,247080,27033853,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Student 1,This is one of the coolest games I've ever discovered. This bad boy needs some more reception as the music and gameplay is just so tight <3.
,Recommended,247080,27030063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,grok,"using music cues as a ""turn clock"" is a brilliant mechanic for a roguelike. difficult but a ton of fun, and bard mode lets you experience the game as a traditional RL if you the dance mechanic isn't for you (or if you don't have rhythm)"
76561198137087350,Recommended,247080,27032582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Foroy,Pretty badass style of gameplay ! Take some time to get use of it but once you got it in hand this game is pleasure :D
,Recommended,247080,27028791,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xkyosemantic,10/10   Singing shopkeeper haunts my dreams forever.
,Recommended,247080,27013125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Locke,"Keep with the rhythm and the flow, keep smart or you'll get hurt.This is a wonderful game where you'll dance and move as a song plays, fight the undead, and die as much as you can, just like any other hardcore game, but it'll keep your heads up to try again as many times as possible."
,Recommended,247080,14847926,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sazime,"I'm a big fan of rhythm games, and I enjoy the rogue-like dungeon crawlers. Well look-ee here, this game has both! Catchy songs, a lot of fun little items to discover and solid, challenging game play. When you lose, you lose because you still need to get good! I'm really enjoying it."
,Recommended,247080,14763349,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mecha-Amish,"Excellent game, good for when you don't have much playtime. Very fun and playable in its current state."
76561198071807631,Recommended,247080,14764147,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,tintin,Left...left...down...down...up...left...up...up...left...right...right...down...thumbs...up...up...up!
76561198049001441,Recommended,247080,14801786,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,SaberToothButterfly,"A really excellent game. Hard, but satisfying. Love laying beatdowns to the beat!"
,Recommended,247080,14802691,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Cantbudgeit,"389107/389605, great game"
76561198154957334,Recommended,247080,14905697,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,2Lix_Cheetos,"This is a damn great game! I love the fighting style and simplistic controls. Its fun fighting to the rhythm of the music, but don't let that make you think its some baby game. This game is soo hard sometimes. You have to learn the movements of the enemies and stay on the beat as best as you can. I highly recommened this game, It is loads of fun. I can only imagine how the game will be once it is completely made! Buy this now!"
,Recommended,247080,14910377,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,[MTS] DJChupa13,Music is great!
76561198097316892,Recommended,247080,14888389,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,[ULG] iwuvualot,"This is such an amazing game. I'm in love with everything about it. The music is great, the game is fun, and it's drawn in such a great way. I will be addicted to this for the next few years :D"
76561198028475211,Recommended,247080,14851945,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Matt Bellamy's guitar,Music? Yes. Turn-based rogue like? Check. Another piece of whitenoise trash floating in the sea of indie rpg garbage? NO! Play this game. Now.
76561197999896642,Recommended,247080,14852561,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,St.Paddy,"I have only recently become part of the community that appreciates old style games like this but i must say if you showed me this a couple of years ago I would have joined a lot sooner. Great music that really gets you the feel for the beat, huge variety of enemies that all have different styles of attack and best of all....when you finally crack down to the final floor and kick whatever monsters♥♥♥♥♥exists down there in the deep."
76561198084491244,Recommended,247080,14852586,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Monostatos,"Very nice rogue-like game. The idea of incorporating music in the gameplay is brilliant and forces you to act quickly. Ennemies have defined patterns and you need to remain extremely rigorous to survive some of them ! The music doesn't get too boring, although more music pieces could be a good addition. Also, it's nice to see a female leading character."
,Recommended,247080,14892464,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Bahdom,DDR meets roguelike
,Recommended,247080,14711573,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Albert Einstein (On Crack),"This game is the freaking best ever.This combines a whole bunch of my favorite things in games, such as:-Rouguelike Elements-Rhythm-Achievments-Danny Baranowsky Music-Alot of characters-And 500 more things I don't want to list9.5/10."
,Recommended,247080,14875625,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,DimNight,"Takes your typical rougelike and adds  a rythm aspect to it. This gives it a very novel feel. its by no means a true super hardcore roguelike, but neither is it easy.if you have bad rythm i do not recomend this game. as you may find the game a bit hard to play."
76561198088579615,Recommended,247080,15068487,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,pyschomonkey,good game cant wait till it gets out of beta
,Recommended,247080,14828530,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,quintmorrison6,"This is an excellent roguelike that just happens to use a rhythm mechanic to fight enemies. The levels are nice and short, and the deaths are fair. As it should be: Dying is Fun."
,Recommended,247080,14831612,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Mike393,Loved this rogue-like game when first played. would recommend to anyone that liked the binding of isaac or any music beat games like osu.I have no critiques on this game because its the first of its own that ive ever seen. It has a very good OST too (with the capability of putting your own music in too)Im gonna play the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta this >:) 10/10
,Recommended,247080,14755676,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Pleiades,Causes unintelligible angrish yelling at RNG and your own stupidity.
76561198063628297,Recommended,247080,14758327,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,De_classique,"After playing this game, I keep on finding myself typing rhythmically."
,Recommended,247080,11513088,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,best new dancing simulator
,Recommended,247080,15016527,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Adolf Hitler,When a game becomes this popular. Expect to see spin-offs.1. play Crypt of the necromancer2. make spin-off3.????4. Profit
,Recommended,247080,14270091,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,@kirbf,"Just a fantastic little game. Super fun, very unique. I love roguelikes but have terrible rhythm and it's still blast. The music is also fantastic.  Just play it, you'll like it."
,Recommended,247080,14399091,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Glutnix,"Early access has really been great with this game -- updates are regular and packed full of new things! The game is TOUGH, but lots of fun. The mark of a good rogue-like is it's always your fault when you die. NecroDancer has it in spades.Pros: Great music, awesome challenging gameplay, always new stuff, lots to discover.Cons: Little story has been revealed so far (maybe at release?), Everyone is better at it than me."
,Recommended,247080,14399784,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ETerrestrial,"Sadly, there are many games on the market that have helped make ""early access"" seem synonymous with ""unfinished"" or ""broken"".  This is not one of those games.  Crypt of the NecroDancer is an incredibly fresh take on a tired genre.  If you enjoy rogue-like dungeon crawlers, catchy music, or if you like to play video games in your spare time, then this is for you."
76561198145769260,Recommended,247080,14342133,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Slider-break,"dis is gr8 m8. i r8 8/8. but srsly. good music, not much FPS lag, great bosses (aww yeah King Conga!) overall great game."
,Recommended,247080,14295501,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Man With No Name Zapp Brannigan,"It does everything right and adds such new excitement to a tried and true genre.  Not only that, but the rhythm-based gameplay shows in all of the smartly designed gameplay.  Excellent music too."
,Recommended,247080,14329163,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Megmurdel,This game is just simply awesome.
76561198075494230,Recommended,247080,14331944,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,NightFang,Amazing amazing game with dat beat and super replayable !!
,Recommended,247080,14333091,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Bryan,"This is a perfect example of how an early access game should be developed. Frequent, meaningful updates and transparency with the community in addition to already fun gameplay makes this a great title."
76561198025227082,Recommended,247080,14334344,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Neztec,"The music in this game is crazy catchy - overall it's an awesome experience. Beyond the core concept - the game is filled with satisfying mechanics and pleasant little touches everywhere (hidden crystals, shop guy singing, cool items). Yet with all of these cool bells and whistles, the game remains simple at it's core - which is impressive.Well done developers! I'm excited to see where this goes!"
,Recommended,247080,14337668,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Official Ryan Miller,"fantastic. the game has a very colourful and well pixelated designs, enemies are all unique, the mini-bossess are not too challenging, but just challenging enough. so many items, variety of items, unlockables, tricks and sorts of fun to be had. its specially fun to play with a friend."
76561198004482860,Recommended,247080,14361575,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,myrmidon3240,"I was initially very skeptical about CotN. When someone describes a game as ""Binding of Isaac"" meets ""Dance Dance Revolution"", they're either describing CotN, or coming off of a very intense LSD trip. I wouldn't describe myself as a fan of rhythm game per se, but if the game is able to encorporate that element and still have engaging gameplay, consider me interested.The game itself plays extremely well, with fun, varied enemy types and fresh-feeling stages for each zone. This game may still be in ""beta"" but it feels very fleshed-out and polished. with various characters to choose from, and the purchasables outside each run (with the diamonds you acquire in-game, people. Not with real money, thank Jeebus), I can easily sink an hour at a time at this.I really have no true criticisms of the game, other than a desire for more zones in the future (3 is the current #, with the 4th to be released in n upcoming patch).And finally, I absolutely love how transparent the developers are and how often they update the game. Great job and I recommend anyone who enjoys rogue-ish games to buy this!"
,Recommended,247080,14179651,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,M4Numbers,"An incredibly fun and addictive game, combining rogue-lite elements from games such as the Binding of Isaac with the frantic desperation of something like Super Hexagon or Hotline Miami (all of which also have great soundtracks).While this game doesn't really lend itself to long, thoughtful playthroughs where you have time to stop and consider your next move, it does make sure that when you've emerged from a portal with a fire dragon, a bat, a minataur, and a skeleton... It was most definitely worth it."
,Recommended,247080,14159629,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MatthewRoy,"A fun and challenging game with an awesome soundtrack. When I say challenging I don't mean frustrating.. yes you will die a lot and you will need hours and hours to improve yourself. When I fail it's because I know I messed up while making quick decisions.The developer is one of the most committed that I have ever seen. Early access done the right way, can't wait to see zone 4"
76561198041896677,Recommended,247080,26967702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tribes man,"Fast paced dungeon crawler with some nice jams, easily in my top 3 indie games."
,Recommended,247080,26967759,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Richard,"Interesting game , definitly worth a shot if you like rythim games and/or roguelikes"
,Recommended,247080,27055194,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Goldhelm the Spice Lord,"Good music, quality gameplay, and characters that make me want to die. 10/10 game"
,Recommended,247080,27052421,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Seena Neku,Trance In Dungeon Make Beat FasterWould Play Again 8/9
,Recommended,247080,27035120,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doy,"One of the best games I have played in a while, not many hours in. But really enjoyed the time I did put into this game"
,Recommended,247080,27035248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joe,"Finally grabbed this gem for cheap after trying it on a free weekend some time back.Wonderful twist on the rogue-lite/like genre.Catchy tunes and continual progression definitely kept me engaged and gave me the ""just 5 more minutes"" tendencies."
76561198273140506,Recommended,247080,27041376,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elycia Kreiger,"It seems like an adventuring game, but it's also a rhythm game.  Work with the rhythm, get bonuses, bigger bonuses if you stay with the beat.  And the soundtrack is fantastic.  Worth full price AND worth getting the additional soundtracks.I nominated this for a 'game within a game' award.  because you have to learn how to attack WHILE staying with the rhythm.  I consider that a game within a game."
,Recommended,247080,27040313,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Steel Sentry,"This is a pretty good game, but not without it's flaws. On the surface, it is a mediocre dungeon crawler. The rhythm game gimmick, however, is enough to carry the game and mask the simple nature of the actual gameplay. The random generation can sometimes put you in unfair situations, especially because of the time constraint, both keeping on the beat and only having about 2-3 minutes per floor. Despite that, it is good fun, and I feel like it was worth a buy."
76561198028803665,Recommended,247080,27006981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stegodon,"Very fun, and very simple to pick hard, hard to master, great music"
,Recommended,247080,26979836,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Altie ▲,"The soundtrack is just mesmerizing. As you walk within the beat of your heart, you just feel the awesome feeling of beating the final boss."
,Recommended,247080,26999101,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. Leon Sisk,"I absolutely adore this game. That might not mean much to you, but i thought i might as well say that."
76561198038074808,Recommended,247080,27061952,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JigglesMcRibs,"This game is a diamond in the rough (or block) when it comes to rhythm games.I've never seen a game that so seamlessly combined music with action RPG gameplay, make being a rogue-like not suck, and have a soundtrack that I can't stop listening to.The only thing I would dissent for this game is that it could use just a little more raw gameplay, the 4 stages are great and unique and even though I can't beat the final boss yet I know I'm going to be left wanting more."
,Recommended,247080,27007853,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,xyz9602,Best Rhythm Game ever
,Recommended,247080,27008304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Steve Jobless,all the difficulty from a roguelike mixed with the frustration of dancing10
76561198133719304,Recommended,247080,27008368,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lightray10,"This game is simply the best rythm game I have ever played! The only part of this game that is hard to reccomend is the insanely difficult learning curve, but that is mostly due to the nature of the game, in that it requires hours of practice and constant concentration to master even the first zone. It's great! XD"
,Recommended,247080,27008453,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EndlessSupra,Crypt of the NecroDancer for me is like Zelda meets DDR.  It's easy to get started with and seems like it will take some time to master.  High replayability value and an amazing soundtrack to boot.  Not to be missed!
,Recommended,247080,27000670,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SLURM187,Just...one...more...round...
,Recommended,247080,27041658,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stretch,Very enjoyable and recommended fo those who likes musics
,Recommended,247080,27046206,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kataro,"Best ""rhythm based"" game ever. 11/10Im addicted to its music  c:"
,Recommended,247080,27043653,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Musical Nutt,Music and skeletons. COol.
76561197983241416,Recommended,247080,12927707,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Goodtime Goodboy,"So good.So, so, so good."
,Recommended,247080,12930042,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Jadawin,New and really fun concept! 11/10
76561198069181625,Recommended,247080,12939420,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Spark,AHHH MY GODDDD DAAA MUSACCCC
,Recommended,247080,12919991,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Varaxi Muramasa,"This game is such a blast. The music gets you pumped up as you try your hardest to survive the onslaught of traps and enemies before you as you dash to the exit. I'm excited for the upcoming updates for the game as it grows and becomes even more enjoyable as time passes on. In the mean time, have fun killing to the beat!"
76561198084415667,Recommended,247080,12986165,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,TachiFrypan,"Sweet Jumping Jesus!  This could very possibly be the greatest game that I never knew I wanted.  If you're on the fence just go for it.  The game is currently in v0.381 alpha and it already feels like a perfect 10/10 and that I got my money worth.As an asside:  If you are on the fence about this game because you might not have alot of rythem than don't worry.  The inputs rely less on accurate timing so you can take a splint second to decide the best course of action before you need to press a button.  For me, I was afraid this was going to be like the PSP game Patapon where I got stuck because I couldn't constantly keep up with the beat."
,Recommended,247080,12986539,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Smacks,This is a really fun game
,Recommended,247080,13145144,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ricardotk,Awesome!
,Recommended,247080,13117768,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Celudoc,"I've been wanting to play this game for a while.  When I saw it with a sweet discount, i figured I'd grab it.  I was not disappointed.  This is a fun and addictive, yet strange take on a Roguelike.  The term ""Rave-like"" comes to mind.  I'm sorry.  I'll go now....   It's exciting that it is still in alpha, at the 0.3 stages.  I'm earnest to find out what they will do with the game."
,Recommended,247080,13118805,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sexy Mallard,"Fantastic game, its not even fully released and it still beats a plethora of other games out there. The game is very challenging but beating each zone makes it feel very rewarding for that reason."
,Recommended,247080,13119717,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Sceotere,"RecomendedCrypt of the NecroDancer is a game that I'd highly recommend buying.For starters the game has good mobs and dungeon structure. With its rhythm element, it requires focus and quick strategic planning. While you tap your keys to the beat you must be actively and continuously planning multiple steps ahead of you. The soundtrack is nice and you can use your own music too. I'm not too good at rouguelikes and the game got difficult for me starting at zone 2. But the replayabliity helps with learning the mobs. Local co-op seems exciting although I have yet to try it. I look forward to the game's continued development and will love it when the final version releases. Recommended for lovers of rhythm games, dungeon crawlers, strategic games, pixel art, or all of the above.Pros & ConsPros:Overall good dungeon crawlerRhythmic elementPotentially fast-paced, challenging strategic gameplayGreat soundtrackHandsome pixel artLocal co-op modeYou may use your won musicCons:Gets really difficult quicklyPixel art style if you hate pixel artIt's too awesome for you to play"
,Recommended,247080,13123887,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Trinary0,"The initial experience is fantastic. The music is wonderful and it overcomes a lot of issues I foresaw with the initial synchronization routines. The game is easy to learn and hard to master, as it should be. There's a ton of variety in the monsters and the concept of exploiting their movement and behavioral patterns in order to defeat them without taking damage is an excellent one. There's a lot of inherent humor which spices things up as well! I'm probably going to be dying repeatedly in this constantly for the forseeable future. And loving it!"
76561197990833804,Recommended,247080,13124112,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Makenshi,"This is a interesting yet quirky take on rougelike games, with the whole rythm system.It can be a bit annoying if you aren't into rythm games, but it easily solved by just picking the bard character who lets you play at your own pace.But with its fantastic music and fun game mechanics makes this a game that i can recomend to anyone who likes roguelike games"
76561197980934089,Recommended,247080,13125481,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,502,Fantastic.
,Recommended,247080,13112005,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Senorchris,This game is friggin awesome
,Recommended,247080,12813474,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,CrankShade,"Love this game, it's addicting!First off what the game is about. It's a procedurally generated rogue-like, where you're this girl looking for her dad (according to the trailer anyways, but is not mentioned in the game). You navigate on a grid tile floor and all your moves can ONLY BE MADE TO THE BEAT OF THE MUSIC indicated by the moving bars at the bottom of the screen. And that's what makes the game. You play through ""zones"" which each are a different set of enemies, traps, and rewards. Each Zone has 3 floors and a boss floor. You can dig through weak enough walls and must kill monsters on the way to the stairs, use the earned gold to buy better equipment. Theoretically you can play through the whole game untouched from damage, as you can predict the movements of the enemies. However, the tempo of the game pressures you to keep moving with the beat and maintaining your timing which may cause you to make a wrong move. If you're off beat, or you prematurely try to move, you miss the beat and won't move. This also resets your gold multiplier, and the enemies will make their move anyways.My favorite thing about this game is all this combined with kickass music. That's what makes it so addicting.Definitely play with a controller tho. Playing with the keyboard made my wrist hurt real quick. I play with the WASD keys (who moves with arrow keys?) and the rhythmic repetition quickly hurts your wrist in a short time.That aside, this is one of the most unique games I have ever played. The developers did a fantastic job with it so far. 99% positive reviews!For good reasons.If I had to criticize the game in ANY way, it would be the menu navigating. It's confusing until you realize (for some reason) left is to go back and right is to confirm selection, and the start button is not to resume the game but also a confirm selection button.I highly recommend this game. A must have!"
76561198028131682,Recommended,247080,13112434,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,zAppi,"If you love both music and games at the same time as much as I do, you will be thrilled by how amazing it is once you'll try it out!The roguelike mechanic itself is not so special, you run around the dungeons, die, buy some permanent upgrades, go back, die, go back, etc. But what makes it really stand out is the music and rhytm mechanic that glues EVERYTHING together. Even writing this post I'm feeling like I have to press the keys in a right way not to lose coins multiplier...Seriously, this game, even in alpha, is absolutely worth it!"
,Recommended,247080,13117414,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,kangarat murder society,"Incredible. Ingenious gameplay, catchy tunes, and loveable graphics. A perfect example of 'easy to learn, hard to master'. One of the best games of the year. Some of the purest fun since Pac-Man CE or Geometry Wars. 'Hardcore mode' is a great addition and even more fun than the base game."
,Recommended,247080,13117469,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,PigPoacher,Suprisingly addictive game. Good music. Good controls. No reason not to buy.
,Recommended,247080,13134013,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,slimepuddle,"Yes, it's early access. Yes, the game isn't complete yet.But even if the developers close up everything, I've gotten my money's worth out of it.+ Catchy music, or use your own MP3s (haven't tried, myself; I like the music)+ Random levels, or handcrafted areas from Steam Workshop+ Unlock new equipment for future runs, or play hardcore mode and get everything thrown at you all at once+ Well-polished presentation - doesn't ""feel"" incomplete+ Updates about once every 2-3 weeks, adding new items and patching bugs- No story ending yet - but let's face it, the story isn't why you play games like this- 4th zone and additional shops/trainers yet to be added"
,Recommended,247080,13137077,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Hedge,"Perhaps the most fun game I've ever played.  Rhythym+Roguelike.. I wouldn't have guessed it would be good, but it surprised me with an awesome kick to the head.If you think it looks stupid, try it anyway and you'll probably like it."
,Recommended,247080,13137200,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Nature'sNinja{sYcO_6},Surprisingly a really fun game! an awesome twist on a Dungeon Crawler for sure....and the music is amazing!!
,Recommended,247080,13056104,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Butcher of Blaviken,"Like DDR, with a purpose."
76561198058986934,Recommended,247080,12132310,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,VIsix6,"a fun game if you like RPGs just need a little grove and its an old school dungeon so expect to die a lot, and sometime for stupid reasons because this IS your grandma's dungeaon and she won't hold your hand."
,Recommended,247080,12999722,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,baked potato,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a couple of reasons, mainly because it's an easy rogue-like (easy being pretty loosely used, maybe). The music is a great part, and unfortunately for the Meat Boy kids, it shines mostly in terms of custom music. Hopefully more content will come out though... underneath a mobile game's exterior lies a simple rogue-like (rogue-lite?) that could maybe use some more detail, if anything. Sweet as hell."
,Recommended,247080,13004623,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Roju,"Rhythm Rogue-like? Hell yes they pulled it off. It's heaps of fun and gets pretty damn hard, but for some reason it's not super frustrating. Not sure how they pulled that combo off!The music is great and the sprites look good. I just wish I was a little better at it xD"
,Recommended,247080,13005011,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Vrall,Shake it baby! Shake it like those skeleton-dudes lusting for your liver.
76561197995820896,Recommended,247080,12976704,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Salty Dingo,BUY IT
,Recommended,247080,12978714,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ThidgesBelmont,"Shut up and take my money! This game has you crawl through dungeons square by square whilst moving to the beat of 8-bit trance/techno, without making you feel like you're in an actual rave. So hard to decribe.. Dance Dance Revolution meets  The Legend of Zelda."
,Recommended,247080,13109632,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Gingerbread Man,"It's unlike anything I have ever played. It's a turn based roguelike where the turns happen on the beat of the music. If you miss a beat, you don't move. Therefore, on fast songs, your actions have to be fast and you have to think more on your feet.You start out with a Dagger, where you attack an enemy if you run into them, and there are many different weapons that attack in different ways. So you can kinda choose which one best fits how you want to fight.The broadsword swings 3 tiles in front of you, whenever there is an enemy in any of those squares and hits all.The rapier weapon attacks for twice as much damage, if there is an enemy in a square ahead of you after you move (simulating a forward thrusting action). It attacks while you move basically.The whip weapon seems to hit one enemy in a 5 tile area in front of you (left to right where you are facing).I'm sure there is more than that, I haven't unlocked everything. Other equipment and spells can be picked up and used as well. As for the inventory system, there really isn't any. You run over items to equip them (previous items in the slot get dropped on the ground), and use UP+LEFT, or UP+RIGHT, etc. to use items. It makes it fast, easy, and quickly accessable.My ONLY gripe, is that it seems like a small game right now. It's in pre-alpha, and I look forward to it expanding. Everything so far about it is great. The difficulty might be a bit high for some (which really shouldn't be a complaint), but if you are like me and hate not being challenged by todays games, you will have fun with this, and you will get better at it (which again, is why it shouldn't be a complaint). The developer has my kudos for making such an unique and amazing game."
,Recommended,247080,13110164,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Stripeknight,Game is freaking AWESOME!
,Recommended,247080,13095239,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Flavourius,"Reason why I bought this game in the first place, was because of it's soundtrack.For every metal-fans out there, you should definetly buy this game, even if you don't like it or is a bit hard for you, just buy this for it's music."
,Recommended,247080,13095859,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,TheHiMan,"This game is awesome! Has a great soundtrack, it makes the best of both the rhythm genre and the rogue-like dungeon crawler genre, and amazing even though it's in early access. Just be ready for a giant learning curve after the tutorial, but after 2 runs, you'll start to get it. I've had this game for an hour, and I've played it for an hour.10/10"
,Recommended,247080,13097489,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,thelarchmage,"Ok, this game is unbelievable. You wouldn't think that a rhythm game/dungeon-crawler would make for an entertaining experience, but it is astoundingly addicting.As of the writing of this review, the game is still in Early Access, but the game has enough content to warrant pulling the requisite $15 from your wallet.The game is simplistic, but has great depth. The game is controlled with only four buttons; (but a d-pad won't work, as opposite directions need to be pressed at the same time) up, down, left, and right. These buttons will either move your character, or attack in the direction selected. Combinations of the four buttons are assigned to spells and items. This makes the game compatible with a USB dance pad if you so choose to play it that way. Though it lacks falling arrows, the mechanics become remarkably similar. Moving your character to the beat of the music comes suprisingly naturally, and plays out as more of an action-puzzler than anything else.Of course, no rhythm game is complete without an awesome soundtrack, and this game absolutely delivers in the auditory stimulation department. The chiptune dance tracks go perfectly with the artstyle of each floor, but do not get old as most songs do on other dance-pad games. And, if they ever do get old for you, the game offers support for adding in your own jams. The beat detection is good, but for your own sanity, pick songs that don't vary much in tempo, or you will be losing your combos.All in all, solid 10 from me. The only qualm I have with it is that the difficulty curve is fairly steep, and may be a little too much for those inexperienced with the falling arrow games arcade gamers grew up with. For those who are seeking a challenge, there is Aria mode, which is essentially a perfect-only mode."
,Recommended,247080,13098102,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ultrapowerpie,"This game is amazingly awesome, and one of the few early access games I whole heartedly reccomend right now!"
,Recommended,247080,13099159,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Aamon,I feel like a magic rappa bunny9.9/2
76561197977977830,Recommended,247080,13099305,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Order Dave,"If you like music, this game is awesome.  If you like rouge-likes, this game is awesome.  If you like both, like I do, this game is going to completely own your mind.  This has got to be one of the coolest games on Steam.The game is great fun at this moment while it's an early access game, but I am certain the game will be so much better with the final release.Why are you still reading this, throw money at this game and play it."
76561198053526912,Recommended,247080,13100612,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dimitrios1610,"At first when I found footage from this game, I had no idea what I was looking at. Watching a couple of videos was all it took for me to make the purchase and I am very glad I did.Crypt of the Necrodancer is a thoroughly enjoyable and ridiculous hybrid of a dungeon crawler and a rhythm game, where actions like moving, attacking, casting spells, and using items are all done to the beat of the music. The sprite animation style is incredibly charming, reminiscent of certain Super Nintendo titles with more fluid motion that make the game sing.The game's soundtrack bears special mention. Since music is so important in CotN, the music is upbeat, powerful techno and dance tunes that will get your head bobbing and your fingers flying. When using custom music, a very cool feature, there can be some weird inconsistencies in the beat the computer records and the actual music, but nothing tremendously off-putting.Currently there are three zones in the game and multiple characters (I only have access to two at the moment, counting the starting hero), which gives a good incentive to keep playing, acquiring items, and retrying dungeons with the new equipment trying to progress.For an Early Access game, Crypt is an incredibly polished, enjoyable experience. Fans of old-school games, rhythm games, and anyone who enjoys a good soundtrack should definitely buy in."
,Recommended,247080,13101815,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Ezekial  🐸,Amazing. Nothing else needs to be said.
,Recommended,247080,13153444,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Mattman111,The only reason to but this game is to listen to the shopkeeper sing.
76561198055663834,Recommended,247080,13155774,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Storm Bard,"This game is crazy fun and incredibly satisfying when you're doing it right. I get more satisfaction from 10 minutes of fight dancing in this game than I would if I took dancing lessons, mastered the art and in the process met the love of my life, and  then danced with her long into the night at our flower strewn wedding."
76561198040743165,Recommended,247080,13036150,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,sqwidee,"Harmonix would be proud of this epic rhythm-infused dungeon crawler. Hats off to you, Groove-tastic Crypt Master. You've gone and made a great game."
76561198027568436,Recommended,247080,12266763,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Annihilation500,SUPER SICK GAME!!!! The music is EPICCCCCCC!!!!!Get it and make sure you get the soundtrack too!!!
76561198042294222,Recommended,247080,12291146,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Espoire,"Short, but awesome!It's currently in early access, so the game isn't complete, but the portion that is ready? It's crazy-unique fun!"
,Recommended,247080,20593973,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Crypt of the NecroDancer review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 17 hours to finish “All Zones Mode” with solo CadencePlayed multiplayer? NoWorth revisiting? Yes, rogue-like so high replay value. Also, multiple characters to play as, all offering their own fresh spin on the standard gameplay.Best part – Superb, catchy soundtrackWorst part – Very steep learning curve"
76561198030697541,Recommended,247080,26831791,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LumpNugget,"Love this game! The gameplay is deceptively simple, yet so addictive....I can't get over it! I keep coming back over and over again to do just one more thing. I'll play the same levels over and over again just because I enjoy the soundtrack. It's one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,247080,26928549,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JettingSpike,If you like rogue-likes or rhythm games... or games at all.  This is well worth the price.
76561198079776454,Recommended,247080,26928909,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ExoSkeletonBugMillenialBoy,"Slaying undead to the rythm of the night, my kind of Jam."
,Recommended,247080,26924359,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eh PaperBag,Fun rhythmic twist on the classic rouge-lite
,Recommended,247080,26924440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kallysto,Best music game EVER XD
,Recommended,247080,26918793,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mono-kins,Playing as Aria was a great way to find out i am awful at this game.
76561198105926851,Recommended,247080,26927398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Justaway,I like it
,Recommended,247080,26925968,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nakibaki,"Fun gameplay, awesome artwork and a DannyB soundtrack. A fantastic game"
,Recommended,247080,26919835,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LivInQTRMi,This game has the best music. Please play it over and over again just to hum along to the beats.
,Recommended,247080,26925343,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,paulaocdm,"Simple, challenging and well done."
,Recommended,247080,26943028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NotInventedHere,"I don't normally like rhythm games, but Crypt of the NecroDancer is great."
,Recommended,247080,26947156,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dasho,"Only in this game can I constantly die on round one due to stupid mistakes, get really butthurt about sucking, and still enjoy playing it."
,Recommended,247080,26947215,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Figurinha,One of the best rhythm games I've ever played.
,Recommended,247080,26945055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Periwinkle,"I love roguelikes, and this game perfectly encapsulates what it means to be a roguelike. Relatively simply gameplay with each run getting progressively different as they all build off of each other. And if it's not the game that's changing, it's your brain learning more about it for the next run. Still challenging; it took me 9 hours to beat the second level but I still enjoyed every second."
,Recommended,247080,26934949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,strifer,it is amazingly fun
,Recommended,247080,26931254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quetzalcoatl,"The music is enough to sell this game. It is hard as hell sometimes but when you finally finish what you started it feels oh so good. I have enjoyed almost every moment of this game. If you like good music and hard gameplay, try this."
,Recommended,247080,26936055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Foxblade,"Like roguelikes? Like rythem games? What about old school graphics?If you answered yes to the above and somehow don't like this... you're dead to me...10/10, would die to pressing the wrong key combo again."
76561198030846606,Recommended,247080,26952248,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Turducken101,Simply an amazing chill game. I'll turn this on and just spend hours listening to the music and trying to beat my last score.
,Recommended,247080,26952285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Darkice5005,Satisfyingly hard rouge-like and rhythm game with a great sound track. Possibly one of the most creative uses of a games sound track i have ever seen.
76561198029217951,Recommended,247080,13308256,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,BirdBeom,The soundtrack will make you ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so much that you will not be able to play the game.
,Recommended,247080,13299875,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,C-Intybus,"Jeepers, what fun! The music is fantastic, and the gameplay is downright addictive. This game is definitely challenging, but it's not unforgiving. The rhythm aspect supplies both a hook and a sense of urgency to pull players through each dungeon. I'm learning enemies' attack patterns without even realizing it - the system is oddly intuitive. Many roguelikes lose my attention fairly quickly, but this one sucks me right in. I'm sold on this novel concept.Crypt of the NecroDancer is still obviously in the early access phase, lacking some feautures that would prove helpful especially to new players (like item descriptions), but has had notable improvements rolling in with player feedback. This team is listening to their audience, and that's great. I can't wait to see what they do next."
,Recommended,247080,13301756,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Sopapaya,"Fantastic game with a great gameplay concept. Like any good roguelike, you make progress by learning from your mistakes. The art looks sincerely videogame-y (instead of being faddish pixel art). Lots of fun to be had if you like the genre. Feels like a finished product already!"
,Recommended,247080,13303179,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Pinky The Raccoon,Keep the update rolling!!! Great developers consantly rolling updates
,Recommended,247080,13437593,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Epiphyte,"Very challenging and exciting, only wish the game was longer."
,Recommended,247080,13443566,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,sims,"This game is very hard, but it's also very fair. I've died a countless number of times playing this game but I rarely ever feel like it was anything other than my own fault. Every enemy in the game has a movement pattern, such as ""I move/attack every other beat"", and it's fun to learn all of the different types of monsters in the game and how to work around their unique movement. The worst that I can say towards them is that some enemies do more damage then I might immediately expect them to, but frankly it's my own fault for getting hit in the first place.This is an Early Access game, but it's worth the price of admission in its current state, something not many EA games can claim. If you like rhythm games and dungeon crawlers, you really cannot go wrong with Crypt of the Necrodancer.Also the music is fantastic. It's some of the best music I've ever listened to in a video game."
,Recommended,247080,13547273,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kharn the Commissar,I'm starting to hear it in my sleep.
76561198043404730,Recommended,247080,14464161,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,pommyking,Ever wondered what a rougelike would look like if it took place at a dance party? Well now you know.
,Recommended,247080,12383426,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,mornaf,Have you ever wanted to move through a dungeon to the rythm of amazing (or your own) music? If you said no then this isn't the game for you.
76561198083242716,Recommended,247080,14948529,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,naylor123,"Steep learning curve, great soundtrack, tons of fun!  Never have I been so bad at a game and yet still enjoy it so much."
76561197989978598,Recommended,247080,14638153,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Warfingers,"This game derserves so much more attention than it gets.It is so geniusly designed and the music is adicting as hell. (And you can throw on your own music and dance away to whatever)Also supports dancepads if your into that kind of thing.When you finally get all the ""game rules"" in place, and you know what everything does, and in which paterns the enemies move. you can change charactor and everything you learned is pretty much turned upside down.Don't let early acces fool ya. This feels like a full game already, and the devs. releases new stuff all the time.I hope it will get way more popular, so the devs. will keep adding stuff after zone 4 is finished. More items, zones enemies, etc.So, if you are into roguelikes and funky music, then consider this awesome game."
,Recommended,247080,14932686,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Jadeybee,It's p fun ye
76561198001880613,Recommended,247080,14968911,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,nimbostratus,"Great music, good grahics, fun gameplay, and a twist on tile based dungeon crawling that is genius.  Makes me jealous of whoever thought to put the movement to a beat."
,Recommended,247080,14953352,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,♾☯,Amazingly fun game.  ArythemRPG thats hilariously fun xD You have to play it to love it :3
,Recommended,247080,14956016,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Grsn,"Despite the somewhat silly name, this game is a LOT of fun. I have now beat the current zones a few times and have unlocked all the current items. Can't wait for the next update! Also, this game is HARD. Hardcore mode has been frustrating me for that last few weeks. One day I will beat it! One day I shall prevail!!!"
,Recommended,247080,14924196,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,scubasteve1194,This game is probably one of the most fun dungeon crawler type of game that I have played.
76561198079074485,Recommended,247080,14217345,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Darkoro10,"What do I write? Crypt is awesome. I can't really explain why. It's a rhythm roguelike. Simple controls designed for either a dance mat or a keyboard, good enemy design, yeah. Get the game."
,Recommended,247080,14315907,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,DR. Pootis,"great game, great soundtrack,10/10"
76561198036817401,Recommended,247080,14075076,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,breakfastBreads,"If you are on the fence about this game, buy it. I love it. I tend to get board of rogue-likes but the rythm/music element to this game adds a ton. Very well designed overall and I feel like it has enough content at this point for many hours of fun. Local co-op is also a blast!"
,Recommended,247080,14075244,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,King Mong,"If you don't want this game just because it's in Early Access, think again!  It's a wonderful game from a trustworthy team of developers (Klei, Baranowsky) and it's completely playable."
76561198041153527,Recommended,247080,11601198,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Tipsy Toddler,Fun new twist on a awsome type of games. Wuld play agein.
76561198134372383,Recommended,247080,11553015,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,thenoonenobody,well worth its price right now and will only get better as more features are added. the main gameplay point is that you can only move to the beat and so do the enemies so most have a pattern you have to get use to but easyer said than done with every thing else also trying to kill you (and those bats which are random damn you bats). necrodancer is also so a bit of a rogue-like randomly generated dungeons with random items in the shop and found in chests.Along with that is its difficulty which in later stages can get hard I do hate at times when the game spawns me in and all ready 10 mobs are chasing me down at times with little to no way of not getting hurt but if you stay clam and remember there patterns you can get out of most tough spots.Think thats not enough well you can always go to aria mode where if you get hit or miss a beat once you die and the only way to win is to go through all 3 zones and bosses GL.a fun mode to try is bard mode when there is no beats the beat is now when you move so when you move every mob does as well so you can go as fast or as slow as you want.to me atleast the best part about necrodancer is that you can play with a DDR pad and your own music ( might be glitchly right now but hope they fix soon) that way you can really get in to the feel of the game.After all that i give necrodancer  9/10 later when more things are added/fixed maybe a 10 but for now get this game and have fun listening to great music made by danny B while dancing mobs try to kill you.
,Recommended,247080,11553367,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Wong Food,Just awesome. I cant stop playing
76561198031261878,Recommended,247080,11553720,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mister Maticu,I Love It.
76561198047110049,Recommended,247080,11553930,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,EntezFlare,A randomized dungeon crawler mixed with DDR. What's not to like?
,Recommended,247080,11555614,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Bezerker,Awesomely fun game.
,Recommended,247080,11555906,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Wick,"This is an amazing game. Insanely difficult, yet fair and rewarding. The music by Danny Baranowsky is excellent, as expected, and works well within the context of the game. An absolute must buy in my eyes."
76561197970423434,Recommended,247080,11556313,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Void,"If the trailer looks fun to you, this game will not disappoint. Pure fun.This game is awesome."
76561197993129945,Recommended,247080,11556317,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,crat,A deep simpleness make it o so addictive.
76561198071023918,Recommended,247080,11557002,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Felixthekitkat,Absofreakinglutely recomend this game. It is one of the only games that captured my attention for several hours. It's one of the games you never want to stop.
,Recommended,247080,11557755,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Magical Master Splinter,i can't keep a coin multiplier of 2.i healed burn wounds with cheese. 11/10
76561198042048120,Recommended,247080,11696763,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,nic6567,"even though this is an alpha build, its extremly fun, ive made it up to zone 2 which is difficult, but then i use the way the enemies move to the song to my advantage and figure out each of their patterns.thats really what this game is about, if you cant understand the pattern of the dude your trying to kill, your going to die.for a game like Crypt Of The Necrodancer, i give it a 10/10 and cant wait for future updates"
,Recommended,247080,11697208,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bradginald,"This game may be unfinished, but it is already phenomenal!  Definitely something to keep an eye on."
,Recommended,247080,11696641,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,wormroom,"Really good. Fun mechanics, neat beats, and two people can easily play on the same keyboard."
76561198083691633,Recommended,247080,11770426,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Panchi,"I love these types of games, Crawlers, Pixel, Rogue like.But this game....This was love at first sight.I had to buy this game.I got the money.I bought it.I played it.I FRIGGIN LOVED IT TO DEATH.You should love it to.13/10Keep it up."
